################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-22 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Promise Of Divine Provision In The Time Of Famine’ - (Sun 3/16/2025) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-22
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Promise Of Divine Provision In The Time Of Famine’ - (Sun 3/16/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn_lU2GNj0g
========================================

[Music] Pass me now, oh gentle [Laughter] save, hear my humble cry. And and loud. Holds thou are called. Oh, do not pass me by. [Music] Oh, you're my [Music] I all that are calling. [Music] [Applause] Oh, do not ask me. Thou the spring of all my comfort. Oh yes, and that the spring upon my God for you are more than life to me. [Music] For whom have I on earth beside thee? [Music] Oh my crying. [Applause] Oh [Music] my god. [Music] that are [Music] [Music] all Amen. God bless you this morning. And it's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord on a Sunday morning. It's beautiful resurrection day. Amen. And to see everyone that could gather in today in his presence and Amen. It's certainly great honor and it's such a grace to be here today. We're some things in the word of the Lord. We just like to bow our hearts this morning. Father, we thank you today for your grace upon us and the blessing upon the church. Lord, we ask you today that your great spirit would just come among us, Lord, as you are such an awesome God, such a blessing, Lord, to worship you and serve you with your children. Now today, Father, we pray that you would help us and Lord, as we endeavor to speak your word, I pray that you would just come here in the midst of the church, Lord, and that your anointing would pick these things up, Lord, and they'd be more than just words, but may they be food to the soul, Lord. We're asking you now to lead us and to guide us into these things. Send your anointing to tie it together, Lord. And we give you this service today, Lord, for your children. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. And God bless you today. If you have your Bibles, we'd like to go into the word of the Lord. Amen. We'll look in the book of Revelations, the 10th chapter, verses 7 to 11. Also, verses uh Matthew chapter 4 and verse 4. Amen. We want to look here at Revelation 10. And I want to read in the seventh verse. Of course, this whole chapter, you all know, is the seventh seal, right? And it's broke and the chapter is broken into three pieces. It's broken to the angel to the seventh angel and then John eaten the book. And so of course you can see that three runs all the way through seventh seal, rapture, adoption. It's always three. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as declared to his servants, the prophets. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again and said, "Go and take the little book which is opened in the hand of the angel." Now, we've spent some time a couple years ago on that. And I just want to mention it. I'm not going to prove it this morning. I just want to mention it. That go and take the little book. Now, that of course y'all know that's the revelation. Brother Brandham was saying we don't need a new Bible or a new book. We just need the Bible to become new. We need a revelation. And of course that's what was being held was the revelation. So he came and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth. Amen. And I went unto the angel and said unto him, give me the little book. And he said unto me, take it and eat it. Now isn't this this is a huge difference from Revelations 5 when no man could touch it, no man could look at it. Now he's being given it that he might eat it. Take it and eat it up and it shall make uh he take it, eat it up. It shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it up. There's prophecy of the bride. She took it and began to eat it. And it was in thy mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I'd eaten it, my belly was bitter. and he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, nations, tongues, and kings." Amen. Let's also look in Matthew 4 and verse four. This is Jesus uh speaking, of course, there was a great temptation happening at this moment. And Jesus was speaking, of course, to the devil because the devil was saying to him, "If thou be the son of God, you can make this stone into bread." And brother Brandham said, "Jesus didn't make bread for the devil." Amen. But now later, but later he fed 5,000 bread. So he proved he could do it, but he wouldn't do it for the devil. Ain't going I ain't clowning for no devil. He said, "But he answered and said, it is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." May the Lord bless his word this morning. You could be seated. I want to continue this morning speaking on the opening of the word. Amen. We certainly appreciate those songs this morning. And Amen. I I I certainly very much appreciate that. to speak the word, Lord. My ears long to hear it. That's that's exactly uh I believe where the bride's call is today. What's really on her heart is that word. Amen. That's the season of it. I want to speak to you today on this of course another portion of this opening of the word. And I want to look at this uh of course the promise of divine provision in time of famine. The promise of divine provision in the time of famine. Uh, of course, uh, I have been, uh, uh, working back and forth through this book called Spiritual Food in Due Season. If you ain't listened to it lately, my, it's a tremendous read. Uh, it's the 1965, and you'll find Brother Brandham uh, actually uh, before he begins it, he speaks to uh, he speaks to the congregation. He reads this, of course, out of the book of Kings, but his his concept or his thought of course is Elijah. Amen. And I always love it when brother Brown preaches on Elijah because I know what he's talking about. I know I know he's identifying himself in the scriptures. Amen. And then he takes somebody else and then brings them in with him. Amen. And um the scriptures, amen, back in the book of Kings, of course, tells us about a time when Elijah came to the earth that it was a time during Ahab's rule. And of course, it was a time uh when the devil was just running loose. The Bible tells us that people were worshiping the God of Baal more than Jehovah. The name of the Lord basically had been lost. There was so much confusion in the land and and they had turned unto idols and they were worshiping every which way. And it was in that season that God brought a man who was not a part of their denominations, not coming from their schools, but he basically come out of nowhere for the purpose to prophesy against it. Amen. Amen. So when the Bible tells us that he prophesied against it, that the first thing that he did is he shut up the heavens. I've always loved the story of how Elijah went directly to Ahab. Amen. How in the world? It was a miracle in itself he'd walk directly to a leader like that. Amen. But he prophesied to him that the heavens would be shut up until he asked for it to rain. Can you imagine what that king thought? Who are you? And and and and what do you think you're doing? And how can you bring this upon our nation? And you know, he he must have been thinking many things, but it was the same anyhow. Amen. Because Elijah had the authority from God. Amen. Amen. The God that Ahab had forgot about. The God that Ahab had decided that really wasn't God. Elijah let him know. I going to speak for him so that you know that not even do will fall from the heavens until I ask for it. Now, now I'll tell you when God began to use this Elijah to bring judgment, I'll just read here in first Kings. Amen. If you read the 17th chapter, the whole chapter of sports deals with this several verses down to about the 16th is when the when the heavens were shut up, God turns unto Elijah, amen, and begins to tell Elijah, you go down to the brook Cherith, and and when you get there, I have called that the ravens will feed you there. Amen. And and so God sending down there that he might have a place of provision during the time that the heavens were shut up because judgments was about to fall on the whole nation. Amen. And the scriptures tells us that whenever the brook begin to dry up that God had a place for him. See, God was showing that the time of judgment is going to bring a hardship. It's going to bring a a a famine upon the land. It'll bring a time when there won't be provision everywhere. But God never let his servants suffer. Amen. He always had a place for him to go, a place that would be provision, a a place of food in the time of this. And I'll I'll just read quickly here in verse 17 uh first Kings 17 8 down to 16. If you want to read with me, it's a beautiful reading. When the brook cheriff dried, the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Arise and get thee to Sarapath, which belongth to Zidon, and dwelt there. Behold, I've commanded a widow woman to feed uh to sustain thee there. Amen. So he arose and went to Zerapath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering sticks. Brother Bam said two sticks making a cross. And he called her there and said, "Fetch me, I pray, a little water in a vessel that I may drink." And she was going to fetch it. And he called to her and said, "Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand." And she said, "As the Lord thy God liveth, I will have not a cake, but a handful of meal in a barrel and a little oil in the cruise, and behold, I am gathering two sticks." There it is. That's why he said it. and I may go in and dress it for me and my son, and we may eat it and die." And Elijah said unto her, "Fear not. Go and do as thou hast said, but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after make me for thy son." Now, for thus saith the Lord God of Israel, oh, those are the best words that that woman ever heard. For thus saith the Lord God of Israel, the barrel of meal shall not waste, and neither shall the crucible fail until the day the Lord send it rain upon the earth. So she went and did according to the saying of Elijah. And she and he and her house did eat many days. And the barrel of meal wasted not, neither did the crucible fail according to the word of the Lord which he spake by Elijah. Isn't that amazing? The whole house was sustained. Amen. Because Elijah was accepted among them. The whole place lived. Amen. When he came, Amen. It was it was it was all uh just about over. Amen. It was right in the ending of that Pentecostal age. and and they had just about run out. Amen. But God sent a messenger just in time. Amen. That if they would honor that Elijah among them, Amen. they would move right on to another revival and that revival would end in the changing of the body. Do you see the the type brother making spiritual food is he'll say this, I'm going to type Elijah with the church today. Just before judgment, he received this message. And Elijah represented being cared for in the natural, his natural food, because it wasn't going to rain. Now, according to the word, for 3 years and 6 months or until Elijah called. Now, whatever time you say Elijah, it'll be. Therefore, he walked up to the king and said, "There'll not even be duefall." He said, "That's quite a load, isn't it? That's quite a message." Amen. And we're going to type that with the spiritual drought of today. We are very aware there is a great spiritual drought in the land today spiritually speaking. Amen. And it was predicted by the prophets just before the second coming of Christ that there would come a famine in the land. And it won't be for bread alone, but for the hearing of the word of God. And that day is now. Now, here's a prophet taking two places in scripture and showing you a drought in the days of Elijah, which represented that there was no food to eat. And then he went to the book of Amos and pulled down a famine that's going to come for the hearing of the word of God. And he ties these two together and says, "That day is now." Amen. And when he does it, what he's doing is he's placing you in the scripture. Amen. The hearing of the true word of God. Now this type's a natural drought with a spiritual sea. Sin and unbelief by false teachers and modernists in the church had brought this to this place coming and oncoming judgment. Now what causes the famine? Amen. Is sin and unbelief. It's by false teachers and modernist in the church. Isn't that something? Amen. Amen. You you know uh uh I don't know how to say it any other way than Amen. that that men begin to get their own ideas and they begin to share with people things that wasn't thus sayaith the Lord and and things that they picked up here and learned there and somewhere else and and begin to distribute that among the people until it begin to produce amen drought, a famine, a spiritual drying up. Amen. In spiritual food and season. Brother Bam said it like this. He said Elijah during this time had a secret place that God had ordained him to go. That's the thing we want to see now is just before the prayer line is Elijah had a secret place provided by God himself. Now the church had never provided that. The king never provided it for him. He didn't provide it for himself. But God provided a secret place for Elijah to be fed all the time during the drought where the food was provided for day by day. Brother Bam's taken this entire thing to prove to you he will not leave his church in drought. He said, "When have you seen when have you seen the righteous forsaken?" And when have you seen them have to beg for bread? Amen. But if you go to the place God provided, Amen. There's a barrel full of bill. There's a curse full, a cruise full of oil. Amen. There is a famine in the land, but there is provision in the places where God has provided in that generation. Amen. God, Amen. is the one that provides it. I'm so glad to know he makes provision. Amen. Now, I want you to look at this in Amos the 8th chapter. We'll read two verses, 11 and verse 12. And behold, the days come, saith the Lord God, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst of water, but the hearing of the word of the Lord. So the hearing of the word, Amen, the eating of the word is also considered like a man eating natural bread. Because back in the Old Testament, what they called a famine was when there was nothing to eat. And he's telling them, "Oh, you'll have plenty of bread, but it'll be the word of God that's going to be hard. It's it's going to be the thing that's not going to be coming." And he says, "And they shall wander from sea to sea and from north to east, and they shall run to and fro and to seek the word, but they shall not find it." There it is. Amen. Now, it's laying in prophecy. And I'll tell you this, you can't get around prophecy. Famine is coming. People's going to look everywhere for it, but they're not going to find it. Why won't they find it? Because it's a secret place. Amen. It's a hidden place. There'll be food in that day. There'll be provision for God's children, but it'll be food that's been hidden in a secret place. And and you'll not have it unless you're willing to go into that place. Amen. I say this. Amen. No wonder that prophet, Amen, seen that tent vision and he seen three different levels. He saw a congregation. He saw the ministry. But then he saw a little room. Amen. And in there is where he said he would meet him. Watch that tabernacle in the wilderness. There was a congregation. There was a holy place. And there's a holies of holies. And every one of them places had bread, did they not? They had bread in the congregation, the mana that fell. Then they had the showbread that was in the holy place. But then in that holies of holies, Moses was told, "Go take you a golden offer and fill it with the mana that falls and take it back in the secret place. So that when the mana is no more, there'll be a place you can find that it'll be an unending mana. It was from generation to generation. But there's a place where you can be fed in the middle of the time when there's food nowhere else. You say, "Preacher, where's that place?" It's in Christ. Amen. That place is in Christ. And this Bible took in Christ will always feed the church of the living God. My goodness. I'm so glad this morning, Amen, that in a time of famine, we've got storehouses that are full. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Am I about to have me a a shouting time this week studying this? Amen. And and and you know the thing about historians is some of them go one way and some go the other. So I usually pick the ones I like. Ones that goes with brother Brandham. Them smart historians, you know. Amen. They got history on everything. Amen. But when you start studying famines, Amen. Nobody studied famines until you you you always go back to Joseph in the Bible. Amen. When Joseph in Genesis 49, Amen. you of course uh Genesis 4 that there's about several chapters there in Genesis. Amen. That is the story of Joseph. Amen. And isn't it amazing that God put that many chapters in the Bible about one man? But you know the entire existence of the seed line of Judah rested on that one situation in Bible. There wouldn't have been a furtherment of the story throughout the Bible unless there would have been a Joseph back there. Amen. That God took a hold of. And I tell you, it's amazing cuz everybody thinks Joseph's being mistreated. But God's putting Joseph over in Egypt because there's about to come a famine in the land, but he puts Joseph before the famine falls because he's going to have a place. Amen. Where food is going to be starred for the church of the living God. That's why he wasn't mad at his brethren. And he said, "God did this that you might preserve life. If God before us, who can be against us? Satan would do something." Amen. Look at the pressure they put on brother Brandham. But thank God they did it. Had they not put the pressure on brother Brandham, he wouldn't have he would have stayed right among them and he still would have been preaching them sermons. But when God had him kicked out of everything and look at them seals coming in. Look at that word being packed in. You know something I found out? You know there's a lot of pyramids that are in Egypt and and one of them he not built right. He built the pyramid and all them other pyramids I've always wondered about. Do you know there's a lot of historians believe that them pyramids were built by Joseph for the sake of storing grain? It's it's all over history. They really believe that they were pyramids built for grain storage. And when the famine was over, then the kings begin to use them for their for their uh burial places, but they believe long before the burial, they were used for hiding the seed or and you know, you can take it or leave it. I don't care. Don't really matter. But I thought it was pretty good. You get that seed in that pyramid and you you you got a place now you can eat. Amen. In the times. That's why brother Brandham if you if you study brother Brandham he actually says a Germanized seed he said would last for ages. He said see a germitized seed would last for ages. That's why he said they found a corn in the days of Joseph and they planted it the other day and it lived and produced because it was a germatized seed. You can store a germatized seed. This message is not a dead letter. It's the germatized seed of the living God. And if you take it, it'll eat it. You'll have something on the inside of you. This ain't a bunch of hybridized seeds. This ain't a bunch of dead seeds. This is a germatized lie field. That's what's the matter with the world today is the diet. This hybrid diet. Brother said they're smarter but weaker. What's wrong with the church? Smarter but weaker. He said they can't take a good oldfashioned gospel message no more. Not talking about this church. Amen. You folks can take me. Amen. But you know, he said it's what happens to them. They can't take correction. Hot hell's plants, they they they just melt under any kind of a a hardness or strength. He said they're getting weaker and weaker and weaker. But not a real gospel Christian. They eat on that germmitized word of God. And they get strength where they can stand the battle and the heat of the problems of the ages. Of course. Amen. Of course, Joseph stored that food by divine vision of God. Remember the seven fat cows got eaten by the seven lean ones and the seven healthy corn got eaten by the lean ones. And and that's when he found out that amen that God knows how to lift a man in a kingdom. And God had a mystery to lift Joseph above his brethren to bring him out of the jail. It was the mystery did that. God put a mystery on Joseph that he couldn't solve and nobody else could. So there was only one man. So they brought him out of the jail and put him on the throne. And that's exactly amen. When you really try to solve the mysteries of this book, Amen. you'll find out that it'll exalt William Brandom as the seventh angel of the church, too. And you'll find out what they can't answer. God has gave an answer in this age. And it's not a good guess. [Applause] And it's not a good shot in the dark. It's a thus sayaith the Lord. That's that's where it's at. But you can't get thus sayith the Lord till you give up what you got. We learned that with that widow and Zarapath, which was a gentile woman who come under Elijah's ministry during the time of judgment, just like you did. But it was what she had she had to give. until she could receive what wouldn't run out. And you got to give up your idea of what you have and then you can receive something that won't run out. Amen. The reason people run out of things is because they get to doubting the message. That's right. Long as you don't doubt it, it'll feed you every day. That's right. Put a little doubt with it and all of a sudden you say, "Well, I don't know. I don't have any food and I feel like we're starving to death." Put a little doubt with it and you can starve a church to death. That's right. Get a preacher get a little doubt of this message and he'll water it down and he can't preach the authority cuz he's afraid somebody might leave. Listen, eagles don't leave this message. Amen. And the and the stronger you preach it, the more the eagles will gather into it. And for Amen. Listen, it's said here, Amen. that there's some that they will never find because of the way they look. But if you're looking for what God has provided, right? I um I I amazing hear how the scripture says that it's a a a famine for the hearing of the word of God. Yeah. In the Greek or in the Hebrew actually in this one, it's the Hebrew shama which means to hear to listen. It extends beyond the mere act of hearing to include understanding. In other words, responding appropriately to In other words, people might hear the message, they might hear the word, but it's not mixed with understanding. So, it's as a as if there is no food. Yeah. Because God did send a message in this age. And people are in the presence of the greatest wealth. But back there when they came to Egypt, and remember if you if you read the history of it lately, when they came to Egypt and they said to Pharaoh, "We're starving." And he said, "Go see Joseph." Yeah. Go see Joseph. Because Joseph was over the greeneries. And we find out that's exactly what God done with this message. So he said, "Well, brother Wayne, I need spiritual life. I need a revival. Go see the message." It holds the keys to these things. Do you see what we find then is that the the the idea of that famine will come in the last days. Brother Random ties it exactly to this age. knowing he was Elijah and it represented the famine in those days. Amen. So we see then we we can we can we can pull up here where the Bible said there's four horse riders riding and now these things all tie together. So there's four there's four horse riders riding and y'all remember how there was a wide and then there's the red and then there's the black but then there's that pale one. Now that pale one is a mixing up of things, right? And what is that but a confusion to the people? Amen. Now, now it's amazing because the pale horse broad is his path of destruction. In other words, Amen. Some people will be destroyed on the path of of of of atheism, some on agnostics, some through a Baptist or a Presbyterian idea of something or or even but where it really comes down is is in the Pentecostal ranks where Amen. And and then I hate to say it, but it even gets closer in a perversion of your own message. Amen. And and what we found is is this. Amen. Is that confusion taking the things of God and confusing the people where you have to listen to me. See, you you you you can't go get the message and and read it and believe it. Amen. You got to have my version of it. See, you you got to you got to come under me. You got to you got to hear what I think about that message. What I think about Listen, I don't care what anybody thinks about that. If you got your own tapes, you got your own messages, sit down in the quietness of your home and you believe what that prophet said. And if I or any other preacher says something different, forget it. Just forget it. Amen. Amen. We We have come to believe a word and that word is higher than Wayne. It's It's higher than the ministries. Amen. It's a message that's come from God to deliver this church and to bring food in the time of seasons. I'm very weary of a man that starts telling you you've got to see him before you can understand it. Cuz I know who took me through the message. I remember where I learned about these things. It was in the quietness of my room and me and that angel walked through these things and he said, "This ties to this and this ties to this and this ties to this." And I could sit in a quiet room with a little book and come out with a belly full. Amen. A belly full of word. Amen. Because there's something in here that's good if you deem it food for your age. But that pale horse is coming to confuse the people. Now, Brother Brandon will teach us this. This is the most confusing of ages. It gets so deceptive. People will believe a lie and be damned by the lie they believe. It's so deceptive. The Bible said they would worship the Antichrist believing they're worshiping God. It would deceive the elected. If possible, well, I like that. That right there, that's the time I like an if. Brother Ram said, "But it's not because the word elect stands for the word election." And when God elected you, he put your name on the Lamb's book of life. And the Bible said everybody who was on that book would not be deceived. Amen. That's why this message is opened up. It called your name. Supper time. Come on in and eat, honey. This is your word. It's your age. Pale horse, of course, speaks of confusion, of time of delusion. Amen. It's a time when the enemy comes in like a flood of confusion. But God raises a standard against that enemy. And the standard we know of the age is the eagle. It is revelation. How do we really combat confusion? Revelation. Amen. I I just the other day uh uh sister uh yeah, sister Carara came to me just the other day and she she said she had heard that quote years ago on uh the anointing where uh uh supreme power is anointing under control and and and I don't want to get uh uh but sometimes you know we have our youth camps and stuff people shoots at us and stuff and God bless them we'll pray for them. Brother Bham said, "Pray for them." You know what? Whatever. Maybe they wasn't there and didn't understand or something, but they get to throwing stuff at us and sometimes it's confusing. But uh um Sister Car was telling me, she said somebody used that quote where uh supreme power under control the anointing and said they were using it really to come against somebody worshiping in the spirit. And she said the other Sunday, Brother Ericson came up here and said he began to read that same quote. said, "But when he began to read it, there was such a liberty come over my life because there was an understanding in behind it." Amen. That it didn't have nothing to do with worship. It had everything to do with God having control. Amen. It It's God having control. It's just not man-made religion. It's not man-made worship. Amen. Brother Brandham isn't again worship. He was again man-made worship. Amen. Amen. And you Oh my Amen. And we take this message and take the confusion out of it. I guarantee you'd find there's liberty behind it, there's truth behind it, there's worship behind it, there's life behind it. Yes, sir. You You want to take away You want to take away the bondage, let revelation come. Let God reveal to you why it was put in there. When that revelation strikes, it'll give you liberty like you've never experienced. Amen. It'll be there. Somebody said, "Well, I don't know if the message is right." Brother Bam said, "Come up here." He said, "And the one that was in Daniel's kingdom is in the kingdom tonight." And he'll dissolve every doubt. If you take this message to the spirit of God and begin to pray, he'll dissolve every doubt, won't he, brother Matt? He'll teach you that this message is the manifested word of God in the age we're living in. Amen. Do you see? Brother Bam says it like this. Now, the reason I'm tying these two together, I want you to see it in the quote curtain of time. Brother Bam said, "A man won't know what to believe." See, we don't need bread. Got plenty of it. We got plenty to eat, plenty of clothes to wear, nice homes to live in, everything. But there's a famine for the hearing of the word of God. A man won't know what to believe. Do you see the famine? A man won't know what to believe. That's the famine of the age. There's a lot of preachers. There's a lot of churches. There's a lot of preaching. But we don't know what to believe. That's the famine. Amen. Brother Bram says, "See, that's it. you're confused because one says this and one says that and one says something else. He said, "Well, then base your thought on thus saith the Lord." So, so, so to dissipate confusion, go back to the message and see what the prophet said about it. Amen. When you do that, confusion begins to leave. Amen. Because the eagle is there to lift the standard. Brother Bam says that this prophet Amos foresaw the United States of America because it's the only place I know of that would meet the kind of description of that in this day. Amen. And why are people so tossed about? Y'all know that's the message, the intervail, right? Why are people so tossed about the inner veil? The reason that's important to y'all is that's the the the the message that Brother Bram teaches the third pull from was why are people so you hear that title? Why are people so tossed about? Because they're not in the inner veil. That's what he's teaching here. They're tossed about because they're not meeting in that little room. That's right. They're out there in the congregation. What do y'all think about this? How do y'all feel about this? They're up there with the ministry. What do you think about this? But back there in that little room is just the word and the pillar of fire and the believer. Amen. And when he begins to reveal to you, he brings a personal experience into your life that you can't shake it. Amen. God can take you to a place and reveal this message to you that they could stack up magazines this tall to say it's wrong and it won't matter to you because you've already been in the presence of God and you know it's right. Listen, I might not know a lot of things, but I know God sent this message. I know it's the food of this age. I know it's what this church needs. It's what a believer needs. It's what every one of us needs. And you can kill me, but you can't make me not preach it. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. It's what we need. It's the kind of food. It's the kind of food. Brother Ram said, "The Bible said in the last days there would come a famine." Why are people tossed about? He's telling us about it. There come a famine in the last days, not for bread and water, but for the hearing of the true word of God. People will come from east to west and everywhere trying to find it. The hour is here. Time of decision. Brother said people go from the east and the west, north to south seeking to hear the true word of God. And here we are privileged tonight to see the message of God, the angel of the God. People are running across the world looking for something that you are privileged to sit here this morning and receive the mana of the age. Amen. We ain't got to run here and there. We ain't got to toss here and toss there. There's a message that's been sent in our age. And I'm privileged to see it. Oh my. I have seen it. Amen. I I feel like the songwriter. My eyes have beheld the glory of the coming of the Lord. I have seen the pillar of fire. I have seen the angel of the Lord. I see it's thus sayaith the Lord. This message is right. Amen. My goodness. It's a time of confusement. People are confused everywhere. Y'all know it's true. I got a friend over in uh well, I call him a friend. He's acquaintance at least. I know him. And over in England, we were together one day and he was a child psychologist or a psychologist in the message. And he said, "Brother Wayne," he said, "I tell you," he said, "I wasn't a preacher, so I thought I'd do something try to help this age." And he said, "I went into psychology." He said, "Let me tell you." He said, "My my office is full of teenagers that's confused about their identity. They don't even know whether they're males or female. Half of them, they don't know who they are. They don't know what to do. They don't Amen. What put them in that shape, folks? Colleges and high schools and literature and television. Amen. God never put this generation in that trouble. But the smarter they get, the further they get from God. Come on. Education is not a bad thing as long as you don't get away from God. Amen. But education has pumped into this system agnostics and ideas of man that's got people so confused. It's true. It's true. They're so confused. They get so confused they want you to be confused. Put pressure on you. Amen. To use the right pronoun. Well, my whole life I grew up saying sir and ma'am. Amen. And it didn't usually take me a long time to figure out a woman was a woman, a man was a man. Yes, sir. No, ma'am. Yes or no, ma'am. But now you go down to Starbucks and mine's confusing. You don't know what you're even supposed to say. I like the way Brother Samuel said it. I didn't want to fight. I just want my coffee. It's almost like they sense it about me, too, cuz they they don't just take my order. They look right at me, just waiting. And I kind of look off. Said, "Order, honey. She say, "Honey, won't you talk to him?" I said, "I don't want to. I might say the wrong thing." They get in this mental dysphoria and then they want you to join it with them. The whole world is going insane. That's right. Oh, there's three gods. Got half the world agreeing to it. And then they want us to join the dysphoria. Listen, I know there's one God. I'm not confused about that. It's almost getting to the now you go to a church to try to preach and you almost feel like you're at Starbucks. I don't even know what to say no more. I used to just go preach the message, but now people are all offended. Well, just cuz you're confused don't mean we're confused. We're not confused. We know where we are. We know the age we're living in. We know what this message has produced and where it's at. Amen. And I will not be subject to the pressures of the ministry of this age to change what we believe on this message. I refuse to water it down. I refuse to bow my head and say, "Forgive me. I don't know because I do know what the message taught." Hallelujah. Well, I just feel pretty good about that right now. I know where the secret place is. By the way, be careful now. You liable to quote brother Brandham too much. Maybe for you, but not for this bride. [Applause] [Music] We are not. I love that saying. I ain't scared. Amen. Eagles don't scare good. You see, it's a dark hour of confusion to find the true word of God. What is the word? Jesus. The word. The word was made flesh. To see the manifestation of the real word of God manifest according to scriptures and brought to pass. How people would travel and seek and would fail to find that. Oh God, we're so glad that we have found him years ago. precious to our heart and to see that we're not one bit confused. Don't you like that? Not one bit confused. Do you know it was a prophecy you wouldn't be? The same prophecy that said there would be a famine also says you won't be confused. How do you know? Jesus said, "He that hunger and thirst shall be filled." Yeah, he knew Amos was in the Bible, but he knew he that was hungry would also be filled. But if he was hungry for righteousness, he would be filled. According to Daniel the 12th chapter, Daniel prophesies of the day. And he said, "They shall know their God." There it is. Look at what John prophesied when Jesus said these words. In that day ye shall know it would be given. That's why Paul said that we've been given to the spirit of adoption. How many knows adoption is maturity? It's the knowledge of the father's work. Then there's an age coming where the people wouldn't be confused. Should I write this check? Should I not write? Should I hire? Should I fire? What should I do? There's coming a group that will know exactly what to do with this message. I believe it's here. I believe that. I believe there are adopted sons and daughters in this building this morning. I believe that with all of my heart. Amen. Let me just say what I believe. I'm at home. This is an adopted church. That's right. That's is Somebody said, "Well, the way True Word does it." Well, the way True Word does it is the way the Bible does it. We don't do this because of the way we do it. We do it because God sent a prophet among us and he gave us church order and he taught us how to set up our churches. what the deacons do, what the trustees do, what the pastor does, what the song leader. We didn't just come up with all these ideas. We were under a message. And that message comes from God. And under it there is liberty. I certainly guarantee you this. Church never come to bind the spirit. That's right. It come to bind the devils that was trying to interrupt the spirit. Amen. And in that day, they shall know their God. Gabriel's instructions. Brother Bram said that he understood that he would send Elijah because Daniel understood the day by the books he was reading. And brother Bram says, "And I understand God's supposed to send Elijah in this day." I'll tell you, if you've been reading these books, you'll understand a lot, too. And I understand there's going to be a Malachi 4. I understand there will be a clear understanding of God's word in the age we're living in. Now, in Psalms 37:18 and verse 19, if you haven't, you pull that up. It's a powerful scripture when David begins to speak. He said, "The Lord knoweth the days of the upright, and their inheritance shall be forever." Yeah. Oh, this next one, it just it you just put your running shoes on. For they shall not be ashamed in the evil time. And in the days of famine, they shall be satisfied. I like that. Don't you? They won't be ashamed. Now, do you see shame and confusion basically are the same thing? How many knows that? Brother Bam tells us this in the message ashamed. He said, now the word ashamed really translates the word embarrassed. You're faced with something you're embarrassed about. You're ashamed. He said another thing ashamed does. See, it shows that you're not sure what you're talking about. If you're not sure, then you're ashamed or embarrassed. See, why would I hide from you what I believe on the message unless I wasn't sure I knew what I was talking about. But if I know what I'm talking about, why would we hide it? It's what the prophet taught. See, it shows that you're not sure what you're talking about. If you know what you're talking about and you have the assurance of what you're talking about, you can tell anybody. You're not ashamed of that. But if you put out of place, see, you feel out of place by saying it, it means you're not sure. Yes. See, if you're not sure the message is what Paul was talking about, you'll feel a bit ashamed to try to describe it. And then you'll get angry at somebody, can't see it, and you'll get all you get all tore up at them and stuff, but they can't help they can't see it, right? But that doesn't make it less true. But the the but the feeling that we have and how to present it, if we lose our shame of it, then it's the same as us speaking about Paul or speaking about Iranius. Right? Do you see? Now I'm going to take this just a minute. We'll travel on. Romans chapter 9 and verse 33. It said, "It is written, Behold, I lay in Zion a stumbling stone, a rock of offense, and whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. Whoever shall believe upon him shall not be ashamed." Remember, sir, is this the end, sir? Remember that we we read you with a vision. The angels came to the prophet. And when he said he he he then asking the Lord what it meant and he fell into this great anointing. And when he came to himself, he was reading this scripture. Yeah. Amen. Behold, I lay in Zion a stumbling stone, a rock of offense. Whosoever believeth upon him shall not be ashamed. Now watch this. In the absolute, brother Bam said, he that believeth upon him shall not be ashamed. He says, and that is exactly fulfilled scripture. But those that believed him had an absolute. See, they wouldn't be ashamed because they have an absolute to truth. When you know what you're talking about is truth, Amen. It changes the way you approach it. Now, I'm saying that because you lose your confusion. You lose your shame. You You know this is the word of God. Now, you won't have food to eat if you're ashamed. You won't have food to eat if you're confused. But if you let the spirit convince you this is the fulfillment of scripture, then you can eat on that knowing that God is in your midst. God has spoke to you. You see, let somebody prophesy to you and you're not sure it's God. You can't eat that, can you? Right. You can't eat it. So, you're still hungry to know the answer. I need to know. I need to know. Somebody prophesies and you I'm not sure. I'm not sure about that. Then it's not an answer. It's not It don't feed that part of you. But if you know that a prophet is speaking to you, a vindicated prophet, when he answers it, that will fill that void because now you're satisfied with the answer. Yeah. You watch people go from preacher to preacher and and I don't mean that. You can ask a preacher. I'm not being that way. What I'm trying to talk about is you've seen people who don't get their answer that you can come to brother Ray or you can come to me and we'll show you. So what it says here in the message and D and and and and it's like they want more like brother brother I hate to I'll just say it. Brother brother brother called me one day. He says brother Wayne he said I know in the scripture it says that you shouldn't take a brother to law. He said, "Is there anything else on it?" I said, "Does there need to be?" All right. Well, I mean, okay, if Brother Bram said things a certain way, do do we need 50 more quotes on it or, you know, if he answered it, then that's the answer of it. The Lord said unto my Lord, set at my right hand to thy make thy enemies thy foottool. Now, some people started with that. made an entire ministry come out with two Lord's people so confused they don't even know how to pray. Yeah. Give father some, give son some. I'm afraid I might have mixed up and amen. Can't call Jesus deity anymore. Can't say he's God. Confused. All kinds of confusion. But the prophet said what that really meant was he was both the root and the offspring of David. Hallelujah. Let's go to church. Amen. We got our answer. Let's go to town. Let's enjoy life. Let's raise our kids. Let's have grandkids. Let's Let's pull something out and have a burger. Amen. We ain't got to lay around all time confused and all tore up in our minds. And what's this mean? What's this mean? What's this mean? Amen. God's got a message. He brought this church to rest. We don't have to go from place to place asking. Amen. Come out of the out of the outer courts. Get out of the holy place and get in the holies of holies where there's rest and security. There's food in there. There's food for every season right in that shakana. My goodness. And it's so good. That that's good food that's in there. Kind of food you can eat with your feet up. You know, sir, you know, I'm talking about not laying awake all night rolling wondering is my baptism right? Is my is my teaching on the Godhead right? Is the church worship right? this happened, right? Amen. When this message takes preeminence, it brings peace. I just spoke last night to brother Steven's group uh under the influence of King Theophony. Brother B said King Theophony was king peace. And in his domain, peace rules. You get out from under that domain, under another influence, and it tears you all to pieces. Get under King Theophony, and peace will rule. peace, settlement, rest. The answer will come into your heart. I I I I'll say this. The Bible says you shall be satisfied. You said, "Brother Wayne, where does this kind of abundance come from?" Jesus said in Luke chapter 4, they they they delivered the Lord the word and the And I I always love uh I always love how he did it. They brought him the Bible. Amen. It was a book of scrolls, which would have been the Old Testament. and he found the book of Isaiah. Yeah. Knowing the whole Bible wasn't yet written, which would be 66 chapters. But he took the book of Isaiah, which had 66 chapters, which gave a complete Bible and he found the place where it was written. In other words, he dug through the seed bag to find the seeds that was fitting to the age. Wow. And when he got those seeds out, he began to bring them to bread. He brought out Luke Luke 4, he brings out Isaiah 61 so the people could feed on it. They could feed on what was happening because it was scriptural bread. Jesus said, "I am the bread of life that comes down out of heaven. I'm the true bread. Your fathers did eat many in the wilderness and there everyone dead, but I am the bread of life." And look what he says. The anointing of the Lord was upon him. Amen. The spirit of the Lord was upon him because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. Sent me to heal the sick, brokenhearted, preach deliverance to the captive, recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised. And then he screams out, "This day this scripture is fulfilled in your midst." Now we we know that's Isaiah the 61st chapter, but only part of that scripture was read in Luke chapter 4. And he closed the book. Isn't that beautiful? He opens the book and he closes the book because there wasn't any more of it coming out at that moment. But in the last days, there is another opening of the book when the book should be opened up and not closed back. Isn't it isn't it remarkable? Amen. That in this day this scripture, brother Bam describes to us birth pains and he talks about how the church is be delivered and how it's to come into a full maturity. He says, "And and I was trying to find the scripture and couldn't find it. And of and one of the royal priests, one of the Catholic priests got up in all of his garb and come and handed me his Bible. And there he was, the spirit of Elijah, the ministry of the son of man, flipping through the book to find the rest of that scripture. Oh my." Amen. This day, this scripture is fulfilled in your midst. What was it? It was scriptural bread. Amen. That's right. You don't have to be confused. And now, amen. Do you see Jesus in that same section said, "I tell you of a truth. There were many widows in Israel in the days of Elias. But when heaven was shut up three years and six months, great famine was throughout the land. There was a lot of widows, but Elijah was only sent to one. That's right. Elijah was sent to a gentile woman who was just about to die under a curse. And Malachi 4 says that unless Elijah comes that there would be earth would be destroyed by a curse. He would not be coming in his forthcoming. He would not be coming to the Jews. He would be coming to the Gentiles to fulfill the portion of scriptures that said the son of man would be revealed. Now this is of course amen the time of of the church coming the gentile coming in under Elijah's ministry. Now if you if you can see that then you begin to understand that that was a provision in the moment of judgment that God himself supernaturally provides. Now, in trying to do God a service, if you'll watch this these two sermons, and you that like to watch the messages unfold, you can see this. Trying to do God a service without his will is a morning sermon. And then spiritual food in due season is an evening sermon. Yeah. And brother Bham says these are two different revival. And he said one of them in the morning time spir is trying to do God a service that be his will. David was trying to bring the word to the people, but he had never consulted a prophet. So, Brother Ram said, "Watch." He consulted the people. Y'all think it feels good and it looks good and should we do this? And he consulted uh uh the other men. And he said, "And David even had a revelation." He said, "But it had not come through the channel of a prophet." Yes, sir. Therefore, the revival produced death rather than life. Y'all seen it. Amen. I I don't have a lot of time to preach on it, but y'all know I reached over to straighten it cuz they had it on a cart and it fell off and the man died. They stopped and then they put it in the threshing floor there. Amen. What's that fell's name? Urise. Yeah. They put it in his threshing floor. Amen. Later to become the place with the temples to be built. David's going to buy that place, right? Amen. and the breaches is sealed up and then David under instructions brings the word on into the city of David which is completely fine under a prophet. See Jesus says in vain do you worship me the doctrines uh uh for the commandments of men. See the thing is is they wouldn't receive the instruction of a prophet trying to bring a revival. They were trying to do it. But then watch, brother Bam said, "This morning we had a lesson on doing God a service, trying to do him a service." See, but it was out of time. It was out of season. It was out of place. It was the wrong person. But now this is spiritual food in due season. So he showed you the wrong part. But in the evening, preaching spiritual food in due season was showing you I have brought this to you for food. This is your food. This is your revival. This is what the church was looking for and he's showing you it come through the correct channels because God reveals his word in his own predestinated season and then he will reveal it to whom he will when he wants to. Now brother Brand will say this. He said now notice this. The Catholic Church knows nothing of Martin Luther's message and how could John Wesley have known Luther's message and how could have Wesley know the Pentecostal message or how could the Pentecostals know this message? He reveals it in his season because it's a seed. Yeah. Now look, he's showing you they don't know nothing about it. Now, now again, brother B, I'm going to say this. God regulates the church. He regulates the predestinated season. The word itself has to be in appropriate season. God reveals the word in the season to whom he chooses to reveal it. Yeah. Watch this. Now, God chooses who he will reveal it. And he chose that before the foundation of the world. You were chose before the world began to live in this season of famine. But the God of heaven knew that when he put you in the age of famine that you would be coming to food through that Elijah ministry. He knew you would know. The Pentecostals won't know. The schools won't know. Amen. Theologians across the universe won't know. But you will know the place because God chose you to feed you in the right place. I'll skip through a little bit of this. Amen. Watch what we find. Then we find that there is a thing that God would do. Now, before before it struck, before judgment struck, Brother Ram said God had a place for Elijah. Do you recognize that in the age we're living in, when God sends Elijah, it's parallel to the time that he sent Elijah to Ahab? And God pronounced judgment upon Israel. And so has God pronounced judgment upon America and its religion. Praise God. In 1964, Brother Random tells us Good Friday, Alaska almost sunk. How many knows that? It was a great earthquake hit that. Now, the world knows there was an earthquake hit. They got signs up and people talk about Good Friday of 1964, but most people don't know what was behind that earthquake. Amen. A prophet was out there on the mountain and he said, "A whirlwind come down and said, "Pick up a rock and say, thus saith the Lord." Yeah. Brother man said, "I didn't know what it was about. I just reached down and picked the rock up and threw it in the air and said, "Thus saith the Lord." Amen. And when he threw that rock up, something something transpired. Amen. Do you see? Something was set in motion by a prophet when he threw that rock up. It was just a little rock. He said, "But the next day, I believe it was." He said, "We were standing around there and he said, I looked at the brother and he said, "Y'all get covered quick. Something's about to happen." And he said, "All of a sudden, here come a whirlwind out of the heavens of fire and swept down and an explosion." He said, "Took the top of the trees off and great rocks begin to blow out." And now some of you probably got them in your paper weights at home. Amen. That there were hundreds, maybe even thousands of little pyramid-shaped rocks all over that countryside where that great fire had come down over Elijah's head. And they said, "Brother Brandon, what happened? What was it was a fear?" Brother Brandham said, "No, it spoke something." They didn't hear it. It spoke something. And he wouldn't tell him what it was. He said, "Then later," I said, "I'll tell you what it was. Judgment's about to strike the West Coast." Amen. And Brother Bam says it later. He says, "What happened?" He said, "That tail of that dragon slap one time." He said, "But there's two more times coming." Amen. He said, "It'll belch judgment down that west coast. That's why he prophesied to Los Angeles. You become the city of angels, but thou shalt be Amen. and cast into the sea." Now, now, now folks, that thus sayaith the Lord coming out, there is judgment setting upon that nation, setting upon this this west coast. Now, now, now I I I'm just going to get real straight for a moment. A prophet announced judgment upon this. And when he did, he told us something. He said, "The revival is over." 1956, he said, "America, you have rejected God." And he said, "The revival was over." In 1964, he announced judgment upon it. Now, look, God's announcing judgment everywhere. But let me let me just say, there is a a continuity of the revelation of the seventh seal in this Bible in every type and shadow. And I'll tell you what, you can look through it and find it even in the days of Noah that God never punishes the innocent with the guilty. Amen. God always has a place that his church can go when the judgments are coming on. Thank God he has a place of protection. He has a place for the church when judgments begin to fall. Brother man said, "There it is. There's the plan of God that Elijah was to go into the secret place." Are we all together? Judgment was coming. Elijah was headed for the secret place, right? Judgment has fell upon the age. And the prophet is saying to the bride, "Get in your secret place." Some people might not even know there is a secret place. But in Psalms 27 and5, brother Bram said, look how he took it for the rapture text. For in the time of trouble shall he hide me in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me upon a rock. He shall hide me in the secret of his tabernacle. Oh, that tent vision becomes real now, doesn't it? He'll hide you in the secret of that tabernacle. There's a secret hid there that the world don't know nothing about. But it's the bride's revival. It's the bride's mana. It's the bride's anointing. It's in that secret room, that secret place. Brother said, "The devil don't know nothing about it." How could he know? How could he know? It would take God to reveal it. Yes. That's why a prophet could stand there in plain language and say it and it went right over their heads. It went into that plan of God. It was fornowledge of God. Judgment begin to strike. But there's a place, Amen. There's a place of revelation where the church begins to hide in the presence of God. Look in spiritual food. Brother Bram said, "The word is in us and has come to us." Elijah this day would be the same thing that he did. He would feed on the secret things of God. He would feed on the secret things of God. How many ever heard Sister Brenda Lewis sing it? Feed on the secret things. Look it up on YouTube. I can't do it justice. I love Sister Brenda, but I can't keep up. She's a powerful, powerful lady. God bless that lady. My goodness. She I preached down there one time in oh hatchy and it wasn't very many people there but right at the end of the service sister Lewis got up and come up and said God gave me a song brother Wayne while you was preaching she took the mic and brought the house down I said man she done more than one song than I done with that whole sermon she caught the revelation of it do you see the secret things that's that's where you're feeding is the secret things the things that is despised by the world things that are are been rejected and they're ashamed of and they don't want people talking about. But that's the bride's food. See, the spiritual food is ready and it's in season. Now, each one of you can have this food if you wish it. If you're willing now to steal away from the unbelief of the hour, you're ready to come into Christ. Now, watch this. I remember where I was sitting when God revealed to me what that was. I remember to this day and I won't say his name, but there was a local pastor here that was a great universal pastor and he he decided the message wasn't right and all these things happened and I was sitting in Norway and I was in a little room getting ready for meetings and listening to this tape right here and the prophet of God said this. Each one of you can have this food if you wished if you're willing to steal away from all unbelief. But the moment you get in the presence of unbelievers and they begin to speak to you and you begin to reason and wonder, maybe it is, maybe it ain't, maybe they're right, maybe it ain't, they're stealing from you the food for your children. They're stealing like the Amorites, the Philistines took. They're taking from you the very food, the very substance that you can survive on in the age you're living in. But if you can steal away from it, Yeah. Come on, church. Why do you think, brother Bam said that Holies of Holies was a soundproof room? It was a supernatural cuz it was soundproof one way, right? Cuz when they were in there, they was crying holies of holies and they could hear him on the outside. And if they couldn't hear him, they had to go. They had to drag a cuz he's dead. But brother Bam said once you got inside, you couldn't hear nothing. Amen. Isn't wouldn't that be something to be in a place where you can't hear any unbelief? No doubts. Amen. Amen. You might hear it, but it don't you don't hear it. You're not you're it's not affected by what you're hearing because you're in that holy place. This message is no good in denominations. It's no good in the world. They don't believe it. But to you who do believe, it's the stone. It's the rock. It's the headstone. It's life. Food for our season. The brothers said they wanted to talk to me about some of this unbelief they had going. I said, "I ain't got no time to hear it." They wanted to talk to me about it. I said, "I I got some questions for you." They said, "Well, Lawson, you just got your head in the sand." I said, "No, it's called the Holies of Holies. [Applause] My head's not in the sand. It's in the presence of Christ. My mind is in his word." Do you see when you steal away from it? Now, now I'm going to read this and I know we're getting late and I'm slowing down, but we we want to read this to you because you I think it's very powerful to hear it. If you're ready to come into Christ into his promise, see, the secret place is provided by the scriptures that belong in your age. Watch this. Remember his promise. Now, I'm going to tell you where your secret place is. Malachi 4. That's a secret to you. John 14 and 12. See, that's your secret. That's your secret place. Joel chapter 2 and verse 28. That's a secret place for you. Look that that, brother Brad, but let's just let's just add it for you. Revelations 10 1 to 11. That's your secret. That's a secret place of that bride. Luke 17:30. It's a secret place. So when judgments are calling, a prophet is calling you into those scriptures. If you'll come into these scriptures, you'll be fed throughout this age of famine because you will know exactly what it is. Now in in ser is this a sign. Remember I gave you six dreams, one vision. How many remembers that? I I had brother I played them and then I read talked to you about six dreams and a vision before he went out west. One of those dreams Amen. One of those dreams before he left to go get the seal, Sister Collins come to him and said, "Brother Brandon, I dreamed a dream that it was a wedding fist to take place." And the bridegroom came in perfect, but the bride wasn't very perfect. Yet, it was the bride. Now, that's the church. And it was like a communion service going on and a dinner being set. And it kind of got next to her because brother Neville was serving dinner in the church. But she said it was the best food I'd ever eaten. and she was so hungry, but she thought maybe in a dream that she shouldn't serve it. And she and brother Wildard was going to go up to the ranch house and eat. And when they did, the light on the right hand side went out. Now y'all know what that was. And brother B says, "Now the food, the bride isn't perfect." This 1962 in the fall. She's not perfect. He said, "But the bridegroom is perfect. And the bride is not perfect yet, but the food that was being given was not literal food. It's spiritual food that y'all have been listening to. Now, in the message serves as a sign, Brother Brandon will record to you that he was told by vision to stay home and store food. How many remembers the vision? Don't go overseas in that little canoe for one meeting. Stay home and store food. Do y'all remember the other part of that vision? A dream he had. Remember he said he said I he was troubled and he had a dream about 6second Smith. How many knows the dream? It's important. If you don't know it, I'll tell it real quick. 6cond Smith. Brother Ba, it's this is in the message greatest battle ever fought. And in the front of this message, greatest battle ever fought. He meets 6cond Smith in his dream. And he said, "Brother Sixsec was whipping these guys up and all this stuff." And he said, now he said it was odd to me that I would see my original trainer in that dream because he says that was that was the one that taught me to fight when I was a bantamweight. And he said he said he'd stand me up there and he said he'd hit me so hard he'd knock the wind out of me and knock me up against the wall. He said and I'd say, "Why are you going to hit me so hard?" Yeah. And he said, "Well, you don't like it now." He said, "But when you get in that ring there, you'll thank me." right now. He said, "Because when you when you hit a man that ain't been hit before, his air just leaves him." Amen. Amen. He he don't know how to take a hit. Brother said what he was doing was training him that when it when when the hit come, it wouldn't just knock him down. He he he wouldn't see, he didn't just fall down at every lick. He knew how to take a lick and stand there in the ring with it. And and this this this was being his training. And brother Bam comes out of it and he's going to be preaching these series of sermons storing food. And he said, "There it is. I seen it right quick." He says that God was telling me, "Go back to your original training. Go back to your original training." What was that original training? The word of God. Listen, church. Amen. There's great battles coming in this last day. But you've been trained by a prophet. You've been trained. You're not denominationally trained. You're trained by a messenger. Your original training is take it back to the word of God. When somebody hits you with an idea, they hit you with a denominational thought. Don't just fall down. And every little hit, stand there like a man with this message. You've been trained to believe. You've been trained to stand in the presence of every unbelieving devil. You don't have to just get up and walk off. Amen. You've got a training. Now, what is it? This is a This is a This is a storing of food. Now, we're talking about the opening of the word, a divine provision. Amen. Y'all y'all y'all still hungry? You got a minute? It's a divine provision. Now, watch this because we're going to talk about in serves as this a sign. Now, we're staying staying local to that. Look what he says. I have done all I know how to do, Lord, to feed them the bread of life. As in the vision many years ago where that great big curtain laid in the west and a mountain of the bread of life, that little book, I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision. Now, how many ever heard the vision that brother Bram speaks of the bread of life in the west? I'm serious. If you don't know, I I want to know because I need to I need to help us. Okay. The bread of life. And you can get this from me if you'd like. Uh Brother Bram was um testifying to this. This is March 1945, 3:00 a.m. in the morning. And beginning of the vision, simmonly, I was walking through the northeast on a road when the spirit turned me and pointed me toward the west. Now, watch that west out there. That's where that them seals are opened. He said, "The spirit of the Lord turned me to the west, and I was facing a great mountain, and it seemed to be a mountain of the Lord, and it was tiring high above the steeple on the top of it. And then I asked to go west toward the mountain. And I entered the mountain through a door on the inside. And I was met by a woman who had on a garment that might have been snow white at one time. He says, "But now her garment was soiled." And she asked me if I was Billy Brandham. And I said, "I I am." And then she introduced herself. I am Miss Methodist. Brother Brandham said, "There she was, the former age." He said, "And I asked her,"Wh the spots on your lovely white garment?" And she said, "I've been so busy." Then I said to her, "That's right. You Methodists have been busy with organizations and societies in your church. You haven't had much time for the Lord." Then she said, "I was told that you were being sent to me. Maybe I should awaken my husband." And then she disappeared. Looking to my left, I saw a small heap of smooth baked bread where white fowls were standing near it, but they wouldn't eat much of it. Now listen to that. They wouldn't eat much of it. Then the Lord said to me, "Do you know them?" I said, "No." He said, "That is your tabernacle. They won't eat the bread of life anymore. I am sending you this way and I journeyed toward the west. I was then brought into a plane where a platform was erected seemingly. It was under a large tent or order. Now this is in 40s. This is not 56. Amen. I was under a platform erected seemingly a large tent or or auditorium and there were curtains drawn in the back of the platform and the Lord told me to pull back the curtain. When I did, I saw a mountain of the bread of life. Now, what a prophet's telling in 47, God's already showing him that the bread of life is out west out there behind that tent. And look what he says. He says, "And I saw them and I told the Lord to pull," he told me to pull back the curtains and I saw a mountain of the bread of life and he said, "Feed these." And then turning, I saw a white robed people coming from everywhere making up a large audience. Now watch, his own personal tabernacle had a small loaf. They wouldn't eat. But God sent him west. Amen. To pull back the curtain on that tent. And when he said, "Feed these," I looked and saw those white rob people coming from everywhere. You do you see why I preached the message of the hour? Do you see the vision has already told me if I'll just preach what was in that tent ministry? Amen. That they will come from everywhere to eat it. Listen, the secret of True Word Tabernacle is not our music. We have good music. It's not our singing. And we have good singers, but our secret is the message of the hour. It's the pillar of fire that's behind the veil. It's the word. This platform is built on the word of God. Brother Ericson, he built the platform to preach this message. And I maintain the platform to preach this message. Amen. It's consecrated to this message. We have been anointed to feed the ones the prophet saw in that vision. There's a lot of ministers that has the same job. Amen. And I they have to do whatever God leads them to do. But as far as this church, as far as this platform, it is a platform for the bread of life that come out of that great loaf that was in the west. It's the message of the hour. It's the opening of the word. It's the third pull. It's the teachings of this message. What is it? Amen. People coming from all over the earth. The bread of life was to the peoples of the world. It's not just about this tabernacle. It's all over the world. Amen. This message is not yesterday's mana. It's not yesterday's news. It's still alive. It's still powerful. It's still real. If we can forget our unbelief, we can go higher than we've ever been in our lives. This message has everything we need to produce a climax for the rapture of the church. We don't have to beat the altar to get our revival. We have been given a revival. We don't have to fast and pray to try to pull ourselves in some kind of spiritual world. Amen. There's a message that's been given us and a call. Come up hither. Come up hither. Get in the door of the word of God and watch the manifestations of his word come along. Oh, I tell you this this morning. There's a mountain. There's a bread of life. So, preacher, why are you so carried away with this bread? Because first Thessalonians 4 said the Lord himself would descend from heaven with a shout. The message is the bread of life. Amen. The message is the bread of life. Why do you Why should you listen to these tapes? Why should you listen to these tapes in your home? Why Why take time to listen to these tapes in your home? Brother Brandham said this. He said, "Lord, you gave me a vision a couple years ago to store up this food, fine, healthy looking vegetables I saw in the vision being stored. And may we today receive a barrel full of that or a tape load." A prophet was loading tapes with germmitized seed. Hallelujah. My goodness, folks. Tape loads. Barrels full. We're not in famine. We're not in famine. You may be ready to push Blake back right now. We're not in famine. Hallelujah. That woman at that in that vision wasn't in famine. This church ain't in famine. What's God doing? He's nourishing you. Amen. He He's He's nourishing. He's building you up. He's filling you full of things that'll make you strong and healthy. That's what he's doing. He's he's now now uh you know God has a way, right? It's it's up and it's high and it's low and it's slow and it's God. It's God communion. Brother Brand will say this re another reason we take food is to build our body up to resist diseases. I heard the I heard the doctor. Amen. That one's wrong. If you don't take food, your body will get weak. Then it's subject to diseases. Diseases will break right into the bloodstream and you're gone. If your blood isn't rich and pure, then it'll disease will go right into your bloodstream. Now watch him now. He's really teaching. So you got to eat food, nourishing food to keep your bloodstream right. If you don't, you're allergic and you got all these diseases. That's what's a matter with a lot of Christians. Now, therefore, the food is the nourishment that keeps out the diseases. That means we don't have to be so crazy protective if we just eat good food. I got to be careful here because I know there's some germaphobia. Y'all pray. Everybody can begin to pray right now. Pray the pastor don't hit it wrong. But fear sometimes keeps people from social life. You know, if I get around certain person, if I get in this, I'm going to get this this cold. And they get so weary till they almost would pull them into their house and they just shut the door. But if you eat proper, you got natural immunities and it pushes off diseases. Yeah. Now, I'm not talking natural at all, folks. I'm talking about that's why we don't get up here every week and say, "You can't hear so and so preach. You can't go down and visit the meeting. You you you all Well, y'all be real careful now. Don't you go over here in this meeting. Don't y'all go over and see these people cuz you're going to pick up a bunch of diseases. Eat right and fellowship. Eat right and love people. Eat right. Shake somebody's hand, hug somebody's neck. You ain't got to be a hermit to stay a disease free. You ain't got to be a a church settle. We ain't got to go out in the woods somewhere and hide from the rest of the world. We just got to eat the right foods. And this food is the right food. It'll keep you out of diseases. It'll keep a purity in your blood. My goodness. That that telling you a little secret behind my heart. Hey, man. Brother Bam says this, and I'm closing. Brother Bam says this in Revelation chapter 5. I think you said you mentioned it the other day. Bruce Serpent. Amen. Uh in Revelations 22. Remember, don't worship me. Yeah. Brother Bam said, you do y'all know that there were people literally worshiping Brother Brandham? Even when he was alive. And the head of it was in Canada. Yes, sir. And the tail of it was in Georgia. That spoke of a group in Canada and a group in Georgia. And when brother Brandham struck it, he was standing in Jeffersonville. So he hit the snake right in the middle. Watch this. Watch him say it. A few nights ago, he said, "I had a visitation from the Lord and I seen a serpent which was yell and black telling me right along and the thing struck me on the leg. That deity spirit bit your prophet on the leg." He said, "See, but the blood was so rich it didn't take no effect on me. that that demon bit the prophet, but it didn't affect him because he ate right. He ate the right things. Amen. He could he could be amongst the most crazy people. But yet his spirit stayed right because he ate right. Come on, church. Brother Bam said, "You wait till I get over here and these seals, they're going to open up some rich spiritual vitamins." Amen. seals this bread that's being fed under the opening of the word. It'll be a bread that you can eat that the serpent ain't going to be able to touch you. Now, I don't want to get personal, but I'll say this. That deity spirit went into that little puddle of water and it escaped that prophet. And years later, it's resurrected now and it's all over certain areas. But if you'll watch every area that it really has power in, don't believe the seven seal was opened at the time brother Brandon was on the earth. They're still looking for the tent. They're still looking for the revival. They're still looking for the word to open. But where this word has opened, where these people are eating the food, they're not worshiping the prophet, they're eating the mana. And the deity spirit cannot affect them. Hey. Amen. Amen. It's spiritual food in due season. The course has been set. The meal. Won't y'all stand to your feet with me? I'm not going to get done with it. I'll have to preach again Thursday. Amen. You see, it's spiritual food. It's a new season. Thank you, Jesus. My walking down that street. That prophet saw her gathering that together. Go make me a cake and make me something. Bring it to me. I tell you the attitude she could have had. You're the reason we're in this. Preacher, what are you talking about? The reason this bride, the reason these people right here are not a part of big denominational groups is because of William Brandham. [Music] Thank you, Lord. That's right. And she could have said, "You're the reason we're in this." She didn't. He said, "If you'll bring it to me, give me that last little Pentecostal doctrine you got. Yes, sir. Just empty it out." Yes, sir. She was at the end of her barrel, but she was at the top of God's. And where hers was running out, that's where God started. I tell you what, this message when you when you run out of your ideas and you run out of your opinions and you run out of these little side things, that's when you reach into God's and all of a sudden there's so much you don't know what to do with all of them. You can't get it in one service. People say, "Well, don't you run out of things to preach?" Nope. I sure don't. ain't got nothing to do with me. I'm living in a season of plenty. I'm living I'm living in a season of plenty. Amen. There's not enough services to get to it in the moment that you steal away. You just shut off all the unbelief. Man, there's food everywhere. Thank you, Jesus. I'm so glad this morning to be able to eat it. Amen. Amen. Oh, do you love him? Do you love him? If you want some of those visions or something like that, please just contact me and I'll I'll get them to you. I know I was reading through them pretty quick, but we're going to Lord willing, we're going to continue on. Would that be okay if we continue this series a little bit? Amen. Amen, brother. Right. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. Revive the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. Give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our [Applause] feet. Whatever we bind on earth shall be found in heaven. The name of Jesus. Satan pass to me. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. We've got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. [Music] We got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord for many years now. Satan has tried to stop us. Oh, the bride of Jesus. She's still alive. All like a mighty army. Every kingdom sheer win every [Music] battle. Thank you for the Lord's our son. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We are the power in the name of the Lord. Oh [Music] sesious. We cannot be defeated. We got the power in the name of the Lord for many years now. Satan's trying to stop us. I'm the bride of Jesus. How many still alive this morning? Still I'm still here. Thank you Lord. Like a mighty army we keep maring [Applause] onward winning every battle cuz the Lord's on our side. We've got the [Music] power. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. All those saints and raes we cannot be defeated. We got the power in the name of [Music]
