################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-30 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Preparation For Translation' - (Sun 462025) - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-30
Title:    Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Preparation For Translation' - (Sun 4/6/2025)
Speaker:  Wayne Lawson
Church:   True Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mc4ZE1V6f9E
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. We want to say God bless you to all that's able to be here. I I know um it's a it's a great time to serve the Lord on this this resurrection morning. Amen. If we could maybe just bow our hearts for a word of prayer. I just wonder maybe you'd take somebody by the hand or maybe lay your hand over on someone and let's ask the Holy Spirit just to help them today to encourage them to open their hearts. Father, Lord, we know there's needs that's far beyond this building this morning. There's some that'll be streaming the meetings, Lord, that can't get here today. But, Father, I pray that you would bless them, Lord. But here in the building right now, there's just such an atmosphere. Oh, hallelujah. Such a divine presence, Lord. Your children gathering around your table, Lord. To eat the great food from heaven. Thank you, Lord. Lord, I pray this morning as they join arm and arm, Lord, hearttoheart. Father, I pray that there would be a forgiveness move through the building. Lord, may there be the tender branches, Lord, of your great Holy Spirit, Lord, begin to grow. And as the watering of this praise and the pouring of your spirit loosens the soil and the dirt, Lord, may the little roots of bitterness be plucked away, Lord. And every weed and every foul thing, may it be plucked, Lord. And may the the flower garden of your presence, Lord. Just may it grow with peace this morning upon each life. And Father, we're asking you this morning that the sick among us would be healed. Father, may the the the depression, anxieties, and discouragements that build up, may Father, they just disappear this morning like the fog in the middle of the day when the great sun begins to shine. Father, as we take one another by the hand and Lord, we pray one for the other. Father, we ask you today that your great spirit would come with a spirit of revelation and wisdom. And father, may an inspiration strike the hearts of the people that have gathered in this building today. And Father, may you deal with them so wonderfully in the enlightenment of your word. Father, we ask you now take lead, Lord. Take divine presence in this place. Father, we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. And God bless you this morning. If you have your Bibles, we would like to turn to the book of Revelations, the 6th chapter. And I want to read two verses here. Revelation chapter 6 verse 1 and 2. And and we will continue on uh shortly in verses. But just now uh these things are just coming on my heart. And in Revelation chapter 6, I want to read here in the first verse. And I saw when the lamb had opened one of the seals, and I heard as it were the noise of a thunder, and one of the four beasts saying, come and see. And I saw, and behold, a white horse, and he that sat upon him had a bow, and a crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. May God bless his word. As you be seated this morning, I want to continue if I can from this uh concept of the opening of the word, but I'm going to narrow this down to Revelations contained under the seals. And uh this morning the revelations contained under the seals. I want to speak to you about preparation for translation about preparing for translation. Now in the uh in the uh Thursday service we dealt a little bit with some of the things that the revelations that were really contained under the seals and how the difference in a reformer and a prophet and how that a prophet was a revealer and he wasn't just reform reforming the church but he was restoring the original word to the church. And under that first seal, brother Brandham describes to us the the uh the the great story of Joseph in the Bible and how uh that Joseph being uh rejected from Israel had went over into Egypt. And there he became Pharaoh's right hand and lifted up. And as he was lifted up to sit on the throne next to Pharaoh, amen, it was there that Joseph took a gentile bride, becoming the Lord of the Gentiles. Amen. But it wasn't until a man that uh the famine had had returned uh uh Jacob and Benjamin. And when Benjamin come in, he dismisses his wife. And when he dismisses his wife, he begins to reveal himself. Amen. And in that revealing, he opens the eyes of his brethren and and lets them know that he got the scars he was wearing in the house of his friends. and and and you you see the prophet of God said see now the Gentiles would have not been brought in if the Jews hadn't been done blindfolded. He said see that he saved the life of the church by the things that he done. Amen. If you remember the story of Joseph, it's a powerful story. And when the uh when the brethren began to repent to him and they said, "We're so sorry we done these things to you." He said, "Whoa, wait a minute." it. He said, "Don't be sad what you done unto me." He says, "It is what God hath done." Amen. To preserve the prosperity of the church, of the people. He said, "What the what what you might have done for evil, God had made it turn to good." He wouldn't let him take a uh he wouldn't let him take a and say they had did anything because he knew that nothing that was done to him could be done unless his father permitted it to be done. Amen. And that's the Bible when you read it's beautiful in Isaiah 53 it said for the Lord hath bruised him for it pleased God that he would bruise him. So the things that would happen to Jesus Christ as it was to Joseph. Amen. The Jews in Rome had no power over Jesus unless it be given unto him of their father. Amen. So they couldn't have done it. God allowed it and and so did God allowed. And brother Bam said, "And the reason today they can't understand this gospel," he said, "because it isn't the hour." Isn't that isn't that so simple? It isn't the hour. Amen. Uh the brother Brandon was going to Israel and God stopped him and pulled him behind. And brother Duran told him, said, "It's not the time." Amen. He didn't tell him he didn't have a ministry. He didn't say, "What you got won't work." Amen. He said, "It's not the time." Amen. because that that gentile bride wasn't yet finished. Amen. Uh in the 1960s, I was listening to a tape not long ago, brother said, "I met a general who received orders to fire the nuclear missiles." He said, "And the man paused and said, "Something come over him. Don't do it." And he didn't do it for some reason. And brother said the reason was he said there was still some of the seed to come in. Amen. That's why Israel's eyes are not open today. It's not that God couldn't open their eyes in one moment and the whole nation receive. Amen. The revelation of Jesus Christ, but the hour is not yet. That's why, Amen, the hour is there. And brother Bam says, now watch, he's going to be, this is the first seal. It's real powerful when you catch it. He said, the reason they can't see it is because it's not the hour. no more than we could understand these things until the time comes for us to understand it. Amen. And and and the same as Israel was blinded, so was these great mysteries hid in the Bible. And I don't care what your education, you couldn't see it. Amen. For God hides himself in simplicity. But man said, and then reveals himself the same way. And he was hid right there. And you could not understand these things until the time come that you would be able to understand them. Oh my, these seven thunders of revelation. May it show this bride how to prepare for that great translation faith. My that's it. The hour of it when it's opened. It's telling you that that becomes the hour of how to prepare for that great translation. Yeah, you you couldn't know it until God opened it. But when it became opened, it became a time of the preparation for the church for a translation. Now in and and brother Brandham tells us this very clearly when he's discussing sers is this the time he said this seventh angel messenger when he comes he's excuse me he's going to be solving out some mysteries and he said the second mystery that he's going to be resolving for us is Israel's blindness during the age in Romans 11:25 it takes the context so one of the great mysteries the seventh angel was to reveal was Israel's blindness amen and that was not opened until the seventh angel sounded. Of course, we talked very strongly on it on Thursday, how that those reformers were anti-mitic in their in their all their understanding, but they couldn't know it until the hour. But when a prophet comes along, he opens the mystery of it and said, "Oh, don't be upset at them. They're blind because God was making a place for you." Amen. And then right behind that, he said, "And the next mystery that he will make known is the mystery of the translation of the end time of the saints in 1 Corinthians 15 and and Thessalonians 4 and verse 17." You see, the same as he made known the mystery of why Israel was blind, that same prophet's going to known to you the mystery of how this bride is going to change or translate from one dimension to another. I'll tell you, it's a powerful thing. They asked Brother Bandom in in in questions and answers, and they said, "Brother Bam, could you explain to us the mystery of the translation of the bride? Can you explain to us the mystery of the translation of the bride?" He said, "It's just a change." He said, "Our bodies." Now, let me say this. You know what I mean when I say that? I don't mean to be sacriiggious. I mean to say ours. I don't mean to say the this church, but I mean believers, every believer. Abraham was looking for a promised son and that was promised him is right. And the church is looking for a promised son. Is that right? Amen. And the bride, is that right? The bride is looking for the promised son, our Lord Jesus Christ. The corporal body of Jesus Christ. Amen. Before the promised son could come to Sarah and Abraham, their bodies had to be changed. Amen. And so, so she was too old to have a baby and she had no milk veins in her breast and her breast was dried up and her womb wasn't fertile and she was sterile. She could not have a baby. Her heart was too old to stand the labor. So, what happened? God changed her back to a young woman. And he did that to Abraham the same thing because he said his body was as good as dead. See, and he had to change their bodies in order to receive the promised son. And we could not receive the promised son that's promised us today in the bodies that we live in. These bodies are sin. So before we can meet the corporal body of Jesus Christ, there has got to be a change in the body. Now, many people don't even know that there was a body change in the book of Genesis with Abraham and Sarah, but it was one of the mysteries that was being solved out in the age we're living in. And brother Brandham went back in there and he said, "Oh, it's in there. It's just between the lines now." He said, "Watch." He said, "Here Abraham is old and stricken with age." He said, "Little old grandma." Brother puts it on. He says, "There's little old grandma out there with Abraham." And they went on a 300mile hike across the desert. And when they got on the other side of that 300-mile hike, the king of a country wanted to marry that old grandma. Brother Bram said there was something changed in there somewhere. Amen. They had a change. See, Elohim had brought them a message and it was a message of change. And that change had happened over that processes of time. Amen. And there had been a change in their body. Brother man says, "See the first thing is the conscience controls the body. See, taste, feel, smell, hear." He says, "And and just got all of that scrupled up and and we reason and everything else, but that new body that comes from this born again." See, not this first conscience, it's going to pass away. It's that inside something that lives. Everybody understand that? Say amen. Amen. If it's not this outside, taste, feel, smell it, hear, it isn't, it's subject to death and it will die. But the inside part of you down in there, that inside is the person that cannot die. And that's the person that that new life starts from from this new birth. And it builds up into another person that is in the image of the person you are around that life. Do you get it? Potentially, it's in there. What is it? It's the word promised before the foundation of the world. And around there, this only reflects the negative. See and the reflect the positive of the word and the same thing is of the translation of this bride will be the same thing the word that's in you somebody say the word in you the word that's in you this body will materialize around that word hallelujah church why are you in church this morning because the word in you is where the new body materializes you will never have a rapture without the word Amen. Some people don't see the word of God as important. They don't see a prophet as important. But if you believe translation is important, I'll tell you the word is the most important thing in your life. It's how the new body is formed is around that word. It's a promise that comes into you. Brother says it like this. The same thing that word that's in you, that body will materialize around that word. The same thing as it did to Sarah. That old body she had, that first body, it had to be changed in order to produce a son. You get it? That body could not do it. And this body cannot do it. It's got to have a change. It must receive the sun. Now, I'm not I'm not just out here in the in the space or or some scientific uh movie somewhere or some Disney channel. Amen. This is reality. This is the bride's body coming from the word of God in this generation. This is scriptural as anything that's ever been taught to you in your life. Amen. There is in this Bible that we call the infallible word of God. The inherent word of God. There is no error in this word. This word cannot fail. Not a jot or a tit of this word can fail. And this Bible said the things that were done a four time was only done for your example. A prophet of God said a shadow for you, a type for the church. And we can read here how there was a translation in the Bible for Enoch. There was one for Elijah. There was one for Philip. There was one for Paul. There was one for John. There was even one in our generations with brother Brandham when he went beyond the curtain of time in a translation when he when he walked with God on the mountain and turned into a young man and walked into an Eden condition right here in these generations because all we need is a change, a translation. Amen. Now, now if we're going to be uh believers, and I I believe we're not just a headless church. I I don't believe we're just taking off in direction without a word of God. Amen. But you got a type in this Bible. And you can't out live your type. Amen. And the type that the prophet picked for you was an Enoch type. He said, see, he didn't have to die. He said God made a translation for him. So God made a rapture for him. God had to do it in order to make a type out of Enoch. That's right. Can you imagine? Amen. God raptured Enoch. He translated Enoch to make a type for you and I. Well, glory to God. Amen. I say this. If God did it for a type, what's he going to do for the reality? If God would do that to make a type, Amen. then God is surely going to do that for the church to make a translation. Amen. Watch. Enoch was translated. And brother Bam says, "But when Elijah come to die, he had already showed the type that there was a translation." He said, "Now he was going to show us how to do it." Amen. And he let us see that Elijah crossed the Jordan, died on a chariot of fire, and rode up into the heavens right in front of Elisha to show that when God needs a way, God can make a way. When there is no way, God makes a way. Amen. Isn't it amazing that Elijah is the one that is tied to the type that will instruct the bride on the way to make translation? Now, we know there's a translation, but how is it done? How do I get involved in preparing for the translation? That's the real question this morning. There's a whole world that believes in rapture. There's a whole world that believes in translation, but how do I get to be a part of it? How do I prepare myself for the translation of my body? My goodness, I'll say like this. Amen. There's a there's a way. And God used Elijah to show the way. And that same spirit of Elijah is the one that is here today making a way for you and I to show us. Amen. It's a question that Paul asked us in Romans the 7th chapter in the 24th verse. old wretched man that I am. Who shall deliver me from this body of death? My uh Paul must have been having a week like some of us have sometimes. Oh, wretched man that I am. You read the rest of that Romans 7 and he's sitting there saying it very clearly. The things that I would do, I don't do them. And the things that I wouldn't do, them that I do. Amen. He said, "Oh, then who who is it that could deliver such a warfare? Because my outer man wants to serve something different than the inner man. And with my mind, I serve God. But this flesh, he's telling you that evil is present everywhere he goes. Because brother Random teaches us the evil one. Now you got to y'all y'all got to be believers now. Buckle your seat belt. Amen. But the evil one is see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. It's that one on the outside. Do you do you know brother Ram said it? He said, "It's time for this believers to separate from all unbelief." And God is calling Abraham's seed to totally separate from that evil one. That that seed, taste, feel, smell here. That outward man, amen, is a hybrid. But there is a call coming from this message to separate from your senses, to separate from your feelings, separate and believe the word of God. Believe that word of God. Oh wretched man that I am. I could preach a week on that one. Oh wretched man that I am. Amen. Finding himself short of what he wants to be. But while he's suffering and while he's he's being buffeted in his flesh, you hear him tell it. Amen. And in the middle of it, he knows there's deliverance somewhere because he asked, "Who shall deliver me from this body?" It wasn't what, it's certainly who. And I say this morning, it ain't what will deliver you. It's who will deliver you. Because Jesus is a person. Amen. And it would take the person. It would take the very presence of of God to bring deliverance to the church. He's the great emancipator, isn't he? And he's the one that would would would save a man. Amen. And give him deliverance from his sin. Don't you know the same great emancipator that delivered you from your sin will also deliver you from this body of death that you find yourself trapped in. Oh, thank God this morning, church. I don't know if it's a day or an hour or 50 years, but there is a deliverer that's going to change this body. And I say he's already on the scene. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My, what a morning to think, who is it that will change this body of death. My goodness. Now, now I I I'm going to to to to to deliver me from this body of death. Now, let's read Philippians 3 and 21. Because sometimes people will say to me, "Brother Wayne, where is the body change exactly in scripture?" Let me read it for you. Amen. The same writer. Who shall change our vile body? Isn't it something? He actually switches from from a wretched man to a vile body. Who shall change our vile body? So it's a new the new birth. Amen. Is already began the processes. Watch now. Who shall change our vile body that it may be fashioned like an unto his glorious body. Now, if you ever have a question about the physical body of the Lord Jesus, I think this one should answer it for you. A body likened unto his own glorious body. Yeah. So Jesus had theophony before he had flesh, right? He went theophony flesh, theophony in the grave, and then that theophony picked up the dead body and glorified it. And today he sets immortal in heaven in a glorified body. Amen. Do you see the promise of our body change is connected to the fact that the head of the church has already experienced the change and sets in heaven right now. And he may be fashioned like an unto his own glorious body according to the working whereby he is able to subdue all things to himself. Now Thessalonians tells us about the catching away. But now Paul is going to tell us the process. You you've read it in Thessalonians. For the Lord shall descend from heaven with a shout, the voice, and the trump of the archangel, and the dead in Christ shall rise first, and we which are alive and remain shall not prevent them which are asleep. Amen. Amen. Listen, the living won't hold up the resurrection in this generation. Amen. There's coming a people who are ready for rapture. Yes. See, the Thessalonians tells us, Paul's telling us, but in the book of Corinthians, he actually discusses the process of it. Watch what he does in 1 Corinthians 15:51. I will show you a mystery. Now, just for sake, if you're listening uh maybe uh deeply for the first time of this subject, I will show you a mystery. Now, that word mystery there, you know, and I know in the book of Amos, it says God would never show a mystery without a prophet. So he locked the resurrection and rapture mystery right there in 1 Corinthians 15. It's locked until the seventh angel would sound in the end time to unlock the mystery of what has been hid in the writings of Paul in the book of Corinthians. See Paul Paul and brother Bram are not preaching two different things. Right. But Paul didn't fully under didn't fully write the understanding of what was coming because there was an angel behind him. Amen. A seventh one. But we all shall be changed in the moment in the twinkle of an eye at the last trump. For the trump shall sound. The dead shall be raised incorruptible. We shall be changed. For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality. There's the secret. The corruptible must put on incorruption, and the mortal must put on immortality. And when this corruptible have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying, death is swallowed up in victory. Amen. So, we've got to see that the corruption has to stop. Yeah. Amen. And there has to be a reverse of the process or the cycle of death. Something has to be able to put the whole thing in reverse. How can you put it all in reverse? Think of this. There has to be a reverse, a process, and and and we'll look at this and see it in a mystery form. Now, if it's the truth, it's in the Bible, folks. And it's there more than one time. Right now, if you go to the book of Job, we were just studying pretty intensively on the book of Job for this uh for the funeral for brother Johnson. And and and as I was looking pretty intensely on some of these things, I I just thought it it's so amazing when you read Job the 14th chapter and Brother Bon uses it in many funerals and and and he will make a huge point in a lot of funerals and he will say it like this. He will say, "We recognize that the the person is not with us here today." He says, "But does man live beyond this place?" And he says, "It's the oldest question in the Bible." He says, "And it's the one Job asked." Amen. And Job in Job 14, he asked it. He said, "Oh, that thou wouldest hide me in the grave, that thou wouldest keep my secret until the wrath be passed till thou wouldest to appoint a set time and remember me? And if a man die, shall he live again?" There's the question. If a man die, shall he live again? And all the days of my appointed time will I wait till my change come. Thou shalt call. I will answer and thou will have a desired work of thine hands. Now Paul uh Job asked this question. Now if you like to study scripture and along with the message, you'll find in there's a sermon preached spoken word original seed. How many's ever heard it? And brother Bam separates it in two parts. I like to see that. Praise the Lord. Oh them hands. Spoken word original seed. Amen. Uh we're doing our jobs, brother Ray. We got them listening to the tapes. Amen. Spoken word original seed. Amen. Is split in two parts. Remember the first part is the seed is the word. The second part is the bride is the soil of that seed. Amen. Uh you know in parables you got to watch it because it gets mixed up you know cuz like if you go to Matthew 13 remember there's two parables there right? The first parable of Matthew 13 is God the Lord Jesus speaking the parable of the swer and how he sews the word on the ground. remember. And he says it's good seed because it's the word. He said, "But it don't work because it's uh uh falls on bad ground." Remember, or chokes out with weeds or the cares of life. And he's showing you that the word has to fall on good ground. And in that parable, the word is the seed and you're the soil. That's right. But if you turn just over on the next in my Thompson, it's the next page there. And you you see the second parable and he says two sers went out sewing into the world and and he said one dressed in white sold and then one in black sold behind him and he was the one in white was going to go out and pluck everything up and the voice said no wait until they grow up together remember and then I'll send my reapers into the field and the parable is the world amen is the is the field but the seed is the children of God. Yeah. So, see, you're you're in different parables. One parable you're a seed. Another parable you're the you're the uh you're the ground. That's how people get mixed up on predestination. They get mixed up thinking that you're that you only start really being who you are when you hear the message that it plants a seed in you and then you become bride from that point. But it's quite quite a let me say um I don't know how to say it nicely. I'll say it best way I know. They should keep studying. Yeah. They just they just need to progress. Just they just need to go on past the first four books of the Bible. You remember the Samaritans? Amen. They were mixed up on worship because they didn't continue with the word, right? Amen. And and and if you watch now, brother Random will describe this and then and then he will make beautiful statements about Mary and and watch Mary in Isaiah 7:14. Behold, a virgin shall conceive. So the virgin is now a seed into the earth by Isaiah. So she's she's coming and Mary is predestinated on the earth. But then the angel stands in front of Mary and says, "Amen, that thou shalt have a child and call his name Jesus." And he's quoting Isaiah 9 and6 to her. So what is it? The seed and the seed come together. So there's a word seed, a bride seed, right? So you're already anointed of God to come into the earth. When Ephesians 5, Paul said there would be a bride without spot or wrinkle. Now that bride is on the earth awaiting the coming of that message that comes into them. Because when the Bible said they which are alive and remain under the coming of the Lord is speaking about somebody, I don't believe it's talking just about any generation. My faith, my belief, he's speaking of this generation. I literally believe, brother Richard, there will be people that we are preaching to this morning that will manifest the translation of this body. I believe that we are preaching the last sermons to the human race. I believe the bride is hearing the last of the messages. If I had one message to preach, I would say it this morning. Prepare yourselves for change. The change is upon us. The hour is here. The anointing is here. The word is here. Hallelujah. It's the season for it. It's the hour for it. It's the time for it. My do do you see then now when we we say this uh and I'm approaching it this way for a reason because Job, Amen, in spoken word original seed, brother man preaches a sermon right behind it and it's entitled end time seed sign. And he begins it with Amos the third chapter and he said surely our Lord our God will do nothing till first he reveals it to the servant the prophet. And I remember distinctly stopping and going why is he starting with Amos the third chapter for this sermon about Job? Because Job is a prophet right? And there's no written scripture while Job is on the earth. There's no there's no Bible. Brother said he didn't have a Bible to read and Job was sitting on the ash heap and with the question with the see he asked the question can man live again and brother Bham said being that Job was a prophet God showed him what was wrong with man that he went in the ground and that the tree died but come again it just it just springs in the sin but you in in the in the in the spring but you put your friend in the ground he stays there and brother and said, but what he did was God being a prophet showed Job. He showed him the problem was that the sin did not come from the plant of the flower. It come from man. Yeah. See, when God in the beginning in the Garden of Eden, he spoke a word and that was a perfect word and Adam and Eve was behind that word. But when Eve corrupted that seed, she took mankind down the path of death. And brother B said, "And watch now. Job saw that that the path of corruption began in the Garden of Eden when the word that God had spoken had been corrupted and it caused all the death he was looking at." Amen. But watch the prophet said, "But while he's sitting on that ash heap, he rises up and begins to speak out." And brother said, "What he does, he saw a vision of the resurrection of Jesus." And he said, oh, he said he saw a man that could reach between fallen man, corrupted man, and the sinless God. And he could he could make the gap back again. Now, this is powerful, church. Please don't miss this. And he said when he saw it, he stood up and saw the thing that no other prophets had saw. He said, "Oh, Abraham saw some good things and and Ezekiel saw some good things." He said, "But oh my, Job seen the resurrection." And he said when he stood up and began to prophesy, he be to say, "Though the skin worms would destroy this body, in my flesh, shall I see God who is my redeemer?" And he begin to cry out, "My redeemer liveth." Now, now, now folks, if you're a Bible reader, you know that it's nearly 4,000 years later before Jesus ever appears on the earth. Amen. And when he comes on the earth, Job is nothing but ashes in the grave. But man said he wasn't more than a teaspoon of ashes left of Job laying in that grave. But the words that Job had prophesied was just as real that morning as they was when he said it. Because this body wasn't where change was coming from. Hallelujah. This body is not where change comes from. It was the word that Job spoke. That word was prophesy. My God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The word that was prophesied. He spoke his own change. My goodness. But I'm sorry. This whole whole whole audience just almost went milky for about 3 minutes here. Amen. It it's Listen, folks. We're we're standing on the precipice on the edge of the chains of the bodies. You say, "My body, my troubles." It's not coming from your body. It's not coming from your troubles. It's not coming from the problem. It's coming from the word. The word has already been spoken. Amen. Yes, sir. My Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Brother man said he seen it. There had to be another spoken word. That was the mystery. It had corrupted from the Garden of Eden, and there had to be another spoken word. And Job being a prophet, he didn't just see the problems, he spoke the answers. Amen. Glory to God. Brother Ram said Job being a prophet, the secrets of God was known to him and he spoke a word and when he spoke the word, God showed him it become material because it was a spoken word of God. And in its season, it took place. That's it. Amen. When God has a prophet speak something, it stops whatever's happening and begins a re. It may be 4,000 years before it happened, but the word of God cannot return void, but it must accomplish that which God has sent it unto this morning. Amen. That the corruptions of our bodies begin to stop. Amen. The moment that a prophet begin to prophesy and he be to speak of the rapture that was happening in this generation. I don't care folks what happens to this corporal body, this physical body. Satan has already lost. Amen. Rapturing grace has already been given to the church. I got news for you, devil. You're too late. Amen. Hallelujah. You're too late. The message has already been preached. There is no stopping it now. Hallelujah. You'll never stop her. She is the word, the spoken word of almighty God. I don't care what you're facing right now. I don't care what you're facing in your families, what you're facing in your job, what you're facing in your life. There's a word spoken over you. It's not It's not some man prophesying. It's God prophesying. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It'll break every barrier. It'll pull down every stronghold. It'll open the cities. It'll tear down the walls. Glory. Hallelujah. Victory. Yes, sir. Eve was corrupted by Satan's words and physically changed because of the words spoken to her. She entered into relationship with Satan because of words. And those words took on life. And the life that was produced brought death. If we're going to stop the cycle, we've got to be willing to admit really what happened in the garden. It wasn't just the physical that happened back there. It was she let down the guard and believed what the devil was telling her. And if we're going to change the direction, then the same thing in this bride in the last days, we've got to remember, Amen. never one reason doubt what the prophet of God has spoke over our lives. Amen. The stopping of a death cycle, of a corruption cycle, the beginning of another cycle. And I know this is old news for some of you, but it's good news. Amen. Oh, it's so good. It's so good. This such good news. Oh yes. Somebody say rapture cycle. Rapture cycle. It's a good word to remember. Rapture cycle. I'm a hillbilly. Y'all know that already. Simple. We We got uh I don't know how many cycles exactly is on that worst machine. I don't know. Maybe I I I ain't used it much. But I hear it. Got one of them quieter ones, Brother Alex. And now, not much, but a little. And you hear it running once in a while. And then, honey, what you're doing, I'm washing clothes. It don't matter if it's the wash cycle, the rinse cycle, the dry cycle. They're in a process. They're in a cycle. Yes. Listen, this bride is in rapture cycle. You have reached spin cycle, brother. You You see that last just before that that that very last cycle before the clothes come out. You have reached it. The last cycle. We're in the middle of it. Amen. In first 2 Corinthians 11:2, if you've never studied serpent seed, this is a good scripture for you. I am jealous over you with a godly jealous. For I have espoused you to one husband. Amen. Why Paul say that? One husband. Yeah. Do you ever notice why he says in the book of Romans the n 8th chapter he says uh Jacob and Esau one father one mother. Why why does he say that? They just had one father. Why would he why would he make a point of that there was just one? Yeah because somewhere in the history there were two fathers to twins. And he's making a point that there's just one husband to the church. And may I present you a chasteed virgin. But I fear less by any means a serpent begal Eve. See, I ain't awful on a long chase, am I? I a serpent begal Eve through his subility. So your minds would be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. What where did corruption start? Through the corruption of the word. Where did the corruption of the human life begin? The corruption of the word. So if you're going to correct the error, the word has to become correct. See, they were corrupted. Brother Bam is teaching us that that Paul is trying to keep the church from being corrupted. Brother Brandham is coming along and he's telling you, don't allow Satan to corrupt you. Listen, and and I'll say this as as as a pastor, just preaching to you this morning, don't let someone corrupt this message to you. Amen. That's right. Don't let them remove the simplicity that's in Christ. Don't let them remove that thing. Say, "Well, I know brother Bam said it, but No, no, no, no, no, no. The only thing goes behind Brother Bam said it's amen." Amen. That's right. That's the only way to finish a sentence. Brother Bam said it. Amen. Amen. That's the way I finish all my good sentences. Proper English here. See that that word delivers and will change our body. Now, now the the scriptures tells us that the whole creation actually groans for the manifestation of sons. Romans the 8th chapter. So the whole thing is depending on the opening of these seals. Now I know folks I know people have so minimized what the opening of the word means but it is paramount. It is pinnacle. It is it is the climax of the entire dispensations that when God releases these seals he's releasing a reverse of the corruption that man has been under all the way to Eden. Yes. Somebody says, "Well, I thought it was just back to the cross." Then why does Malachi 4 say that if Elijah don't come, there's a curse will destroy the whole earth. The cross paid the price. This message is the claim of what he done at Calvary. I tell you, it's good thing to buy a car, but if you don't go pick it up, what difference does it make? But that's when the contention comes is when you drive up and say, "That one belongs to me." And some salesmen that don't know what they're doing say, "Well, I think that belongs to so and so, or I think that belongs to so and so. It's time to produce the papers." Come on, church. And God is coming to pick up this bride, and he's producing the paperwork of the opening of seven seals, which proves that before the devil ever touched you, God already made a claim on you. And Satan can't hold you in this hour. Hallelujah. He can't hold you. That's right. Do you see? That's why. Amen. Now, now these these small statements, I wish I had the voice of an archangel to make them, but the sound of the gospel is connected to the body change. Amen. The sounding of the trumpet, of the unsealing of the book will cause it to move from prophet to prophecy. In Revelation 22 and 10, Amen. That's why that John was told by the angel, "Seal not the sayings of this book." The time is at hand. Listen. Amen. There was a time it needed to be sealed up. But John unseal it. Let the thunder thunder. It's time for the translation of the church of the living God. This is what will do it. Amen. Now, Eve was corrupted just by Satan talking to her. Think about that. Don't talk to him much. He'll mess you up. [Music] Come on. Now, man lives by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. And if you study Brother Brandham, you'll find Brother Bram saying that you're held over hell by a chain of the word. He don't call it a rope, he calls it a chain because a chain has links. And he said, "The Bible is not written by paragraphs. It's written by words." He said, "And that chain is only as strong as its weakest link." You said, "Brother Wayne, you mean one promise? What took him out of the Garden of Eden?" One word. Brother Ben said she only failed on one promise. What was that promise? That God keeps his word. That was the promise that Satan got her on. Look and watch now. If Satan, if he could drag her out of the perfection of God, his words hung into her and drugg her from peace and prosperity. It drugg her from perfection. It drugg her from joy. It it it drugg her out of the Garden of Eden. Think about it. Talking to that devil brought her out of a perfect place in a perfect condition. Listen, I I I'm just that guy. I'm sorry, but I'm not a negative preacher. And if there is a negative, there is bound to be a positive. Amen. And if Satan's words could drag her out of that, then why do you think that God can't send a messenger in Satan's Eden? Amen. And fellowship with you and drag you out of depression and drag you out of anxiety and drag you out of fear. Amen. What is it? The power of this message is the pull of God. It's not the third push. It's the third pull. He's pulling you, dragging you into the presence of almighty God. Hallelujah. He's leading the way. He's leading the victory. He's leading the power. He's leading to anointing. The message has the power to take you there. Come on, Eagle. Spread your wings. There's a there's a wind that is coming in to the church of the living God, and it's an updraft. He's carrying you into the presence and the power. Hallelujah. It's a positive. It's a positive gospel. Amen. This message never came to make you somebody's prisoner other than Jesus Christ. It come to make you a free man. Amen. To soar into the presence of almighty God. Come on up here, church. You can't feed. Amen. on these things down there in Leodosa, but come on up a little higher where you got liberty. Amen. Hallelujah. The gravity of people's words. Don't weigh so much. No. In his presence. Hallelujah. The power of this gospel and take you out out of the hands of the enemy. Oh, if I had about an hour right here, you don't know what I got coming. It break the chains of corruption and unbelief. I don't mean to be overspiritual, but listen, there's more here than deliverance. Yes. There's more to this message than just coming out of something. There is. There's more coming, folks. Oh, hallelujah. Listen. Amen. Here it is. He's showing you that the gospel is pulling them. Now, Peter will say these words, and they're they're more important than we first thought. Peter said it in verse 20, verse one and 23. He said, "Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God." Amen. What's he saying? Incorruption comes from the word of God. What's the mystery of the translation? That this corruptible would put on incorruption. Preparation for the translation comes through the word of God. Now, I just want to take a moment here as we as we transfer into this idea that the translation. Now, if you're saying the word translation, I want you to also recognize that brother Brandham directly try ties together Matthew 25 and 10 virgins with the translation of the church. How many knows that directly? Now, I didn't get a lot of hands, so I'll just say it. Amen. The Bible says there were 10 virgins went out to meet the bridegroom, and five wise, and five are foolish, but they were all virgins. And every one of them but five was wise. And they had oil in their lamp. And they went out to meet the bridegroom. And the bridegroom came. And the ones that had oil went in. See the translation the going with the bridegroom. Do you see? They meant what what you're what you're hearing now. When you hear us read quotes and and and and some of you you it's amazing how how virgin you are. It it's now some of us has had to war through a lot. But some of you are such is so innocent in your That's right. that if brother Ray or myself, one of these wonderful brothers read a quote and it says the marriage has taken place here and we're going to the marriage supper. Y'all just say amen because brother Bram said it. Amen. But there's a lot of theologians in the message that can't just read that and just say amen. Yeah, that's right. A lot. A lot of trouble with that, right? Because we we realize now, I mean, it's so easy for me is that the of course there's a type when you go to heaven. It's a marriage. It's a type. But, Brother Brandham said, but really, it's just the marriage supper because the marriage took place here. Right now, now he he's likened this showing you that the marriage takes place here. See, when you marry him, how do you know how you marry Christ? How do you do it here? Brother Bam said he's the word. You're the hearer. And when you come together, the word and the hearer, it makes a union. Brother Bam called an invisible union. Amen. And that union is happens on the earth. And brother Brandham is elevating that to marriage in Revelations 19 under his ministry. I am Elisure. See, see, brother Biscll years ago, he said something so powerful I never forgot it. He said the church ages, he said, is the feminine, but the seals are the male. He said, and when you bring the two together, you got a wedding. See, the church was on the earth, but these seals were coming out of heaven. Now, now y'all, I don't have time to preach everything I know, but I I I just want y'all to realize this is the age of the astronaut, right? Amen. Do y'all know y'all's living in the age the first people that ever got married when the husband was in heaven and the bride was on earth, they actually had a wedding and they become man and wife. Amen. He was in the space shuttle uh space station up there and she's on the earth. Amen. and they had a wedding and they become married. Listen, they wasn't more married later. They were married right then. And listen, this bride is not going to be more married later. She's already married now. Let me let me let me just say this. He ain't leaving here with a flirt. He's not coming to pick up a girlfriend. He's not going to take a girlfriend home with him. He's taking a bride home with him. Somebody that's married. You're already wife. This is not an illegal relationship. [Music] No, this marriage is the beginning of the translation of the church. Hallelujah. That's right. Think of it. This this wise virgin represents the bride who was ready. Matthew 25 is clear. The five foolish didn't go in. Why? They wasn't ready. Why wasn't they ready? Read first Thessalonians 4. The Lord shall descend from heaven with a shout voice and a trump. Brother said that shout is the message getting the bride ready. See, without Malachi 4, you turn into the foolish virgin. You're not ready to go. Nobody prepared you to go. You don't know how you're getting there. You don't know what bus to take. You don't know what clothes to wear. You don't know where you're staying. You don't know where you're going. It's all a surprise event. You know why most people don't know? Cuz it's a need to know only basis. This is a top secret mission. And only need to know people are going. And if you're going to go in the rapture, that's the reason this message came to your house. It's the reason it came to your life because you needed to know how do I prepare before I go into heaven. Hallelujah. Oh yes, sir. Yes, sir. Sometimes, Ro, when you get ready to go on a trip, you start preparing a long time before you go, don't you? Amen. One of the big things you girls like to do is you got to get your clothes right. Right. Come on, church. Amen. Our our sisters, they got to get their clothes right. Yeah. And I'm glad they want to get your clothes right cuz it's it's right to look nice. It's it's a good thing. It's not a bad thing. Amen. And I think it only speaks of a bit of a symbol that this bride getting ready to go. In Revelations 19, it tells us she receives. Amen. Her righteousness is the fine linen of his word. Listen, there's a fine linen given to this bride that is more valuable than gold, than oil. It's more valuable than your traditions or your families. Listen. Amen. I know some of you wear expensive clothes, but there ain't nobody ever wore clothes that has the value of the clothes that had been given to this bride that she could be dressed in the royal garments. And listen, when you put on these garments, it puts a thing in you that you can break the laws of the universe and walk from one dimension to another. The law of sin and death, it ceases under the power of the clothes this bride wears. Hallelujah. What kind of clothes has she got on? And she can walk from one dimension to another. And she can walk in the darkest of all ages. And she's light. My Hallelujah, brother. Sorry y'all. Hallelujah. Oh, if I by myself Well, glory to God. Hallelujah. What an hour. Thank you, Jesus. The value, the value of this message. It's the most valuable thing that's ever come into your home. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's the value of it. The value is just the fine linen of the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And I'll say this, if God put value on it, don't you devalue it. That's right. That's right. Man said to me one time, why you reading all them quotes? Because they're valuable. Yes. That's right. You can't you can't find this anywhere else. Go ahead. And me and brother Josh Bennett was talking yesterday and we were just discussing some of the things and and we were discussing points in the word and he said it's so funny brother Wayne how that sometimes you find the same point about the same story and then we talk and it's amazing because we found the same point. I said I believe brother Josh God made the point and we're just finding it. That's the reason brother Ray and I mean we didn't know each other. I mean I mean I mean he was a grandpa before I even knew him. But when we got together, we believe the same message the same way, same quote, same understanding, same content. Amen. How do we do that? Because that one that was leading him was over there in Arkansas leading me. And he's right here this morning leading you. And he led you. And he led you. And he's still leading us. And in this place, there is a value to place upon this word. It's of the highest value there is. And I say God bless you this morning for being at the house of God, placing value upon hearing the word of God, upon tending the church, upon being a part. See, now the prophet tells us this has to happen so the bride could know her mate, the revealed word. That's right. See this blindness happened to the Gentiles so you could come in. And brother Bam says, "Watch, it's so clear that the reason they didn't see it because it wasn't the hour." And you couldn't understand these things because it wasn't the hour. But you see, now these thunders are revealing to bring revelations that will prepare you for a translation. Listen, I I want to say this as strong as I I know how. The rapture is a revelation. The rapture is a revelation. Do you see? It's revelation that brings you out of your discouragement. It's revelation that lifts you out. Amen. It's what picks you up. You was the same sinner sitting on the pew, but you heard the message. And revelation came said, "I'm saved." What else changed? Faith changed it right there. Sitting in your seat. That's right. Revelation. See, it broke open in the rapture to bring to you an understanding. Revelation. Brother Brandon said, "The bride of Christ will be waiting for the revelation of the rapture." Now, it is a revelation for the revelation is faith. Now, that's page paragraphs 65 and 66 of the rapture. If you're a student of brother Brandham, just turn over about two pages and he'll say, "Now, here's my revelation of it." Yeah. The bride is waiting. See, it wasn't the hour yet, but the bride is waiting. And two pages later, here's my revelation on it. Yeah. And people that was setting in them congregations so devalued that he wasn't from our school. Poor man. He don't have an education, you know. He just, you know, he's just a he's just a simpleton, you know, and watch his manners and things. He says heat and taint and tote and ferry and pool pit and you know the value of what was happening in their midst could not have a human value placed on it. Yeah. Right. And God was opening to them the greatest mystery in the earth of how the bride would escape the tribulation that's coming on the earth. Do you see? May may Brother Bam said it like this. I love how he says this one. May great faith be built translating faith that'll make the people ready for the translation. Amen. Now, now I'm not trying to just hammer these thunders, but I want you to see it's not a scary thing. This nothing to run from, folks. Seven thunders of Revelations in Revelations 10 is the message that you read. Put a definition on it. It's the message. Not the first part of the message. It's the third pull of the message. The seven thunders, brother Bam said, to show the bride how to prepare. Now what is a thunder? What does it mean? The thunder was the voice of God when the seal opened. It was God speaking on the mystery when it opened. Now what's it there to do? It's to build faith. Faith cometh by the hearing and the hearing of the word of God. This is the word of our season. The word of faith. The word of the hour. Brother Bam says it in spiritual food. He said, "I'd like to get you built up now in the holy oracles of God. the faith of this hour. Not faith to justify you, not faith to sanctify you only, not faith just to get you the Holy Ghost, but a faith that would translate you from one dimension to another. Oh my goodness. It's going to take more faith than any other age. This has to be a rapturing faith that will take you up. It's going to take a rapture message. That's why Luther can't put you in it. That's why Wesley can't put you in it. That's why Pentecost can't put you in it. It would take the messenger of Malachi 4. Come on now. And even more than Elijah, it would take the one he introduced. [Applause] [Music] You say, "Brother Wayne, what in the world?" Listen, I I'm I'm I'm going to declare a few things, and I have to do it from the scripture. 1 Corinthians 14:8. If the trumpet would give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare for the battle? Somebody said, "What battle are you preparing for?" Brother B said, "The coming of the Lord." It's a great battle. It's a great battle in the end time. It's a great battle of who is right and who is wrong and what the truth is and the confusion. But there has been a trumpet sound in this age. A seventh messenger sound has brought forth a sound of change. Glory to God. It's the change that is coming. That was a change in the music. That was a change in the rhythm. There was a change in the symphony. There's a change in what's about to happen. People have been living and dying and going to grace for years, but there's a change that is coming upon the earth and a prophet is causing the change. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. How how how can you prepare if I was up here saying, "Y'all need to store up a bunch of food and get you some gold and and get your get your get your electric set this way and get your boxes here and get online and order a bunch of rations and listen, get get cars that don't have electric uh and and and make sure you get off of the grid and hold my God. Let's take all the kids out of the schools and out of the public and out of the workplaces and let's go hide in the woods somewhere and let's build bunkers and caves." Men have took this message and come out with that. But if a trumpet would give an uncertain sound, how shall we prepare for the battle? That's not how you prepare to meet God. You would prepare in the words just as Esther was prepared to meet a king. This bride is prepared under the messenger of her hour. Come on. Brother Bam said she could be dressed in this word. Listen, I I know if and and I'll take some other things later. I just want to tie a few things in as we go. But listen, if this is the season of translation, we're we're watching spring things ain't the same. They ain't the same now. And nobody can at times you don't know if it's winter. You don't know if it's spring. You don't know if it's summer. Cuz everything's mixing. All the laws are shifting around and the wind blows one way and the Amen. Y'all know what I Everything's all odd, but if you got a calendar, you can declare the season, no matter the weather, because the calendar is telling us how this is going to go. And I don't care what it looks like. The season is transition. The season is translation. There's a rapture upon this bride. I don't care if you're high or low. I don't care if you're old or you're young or you're troubled or you're victory. It is rapture season. It's transition season. Listen, when things begin to transition, laws begin to change. Things are abnormal. Things turn different. They things are different. There's transitioning. Presidents begin to There's transitioning things that happen and laws that are happening. And in this season of translation, there's laws of gravity and there's laws of sin and death. But there are laws that are breaking in on those laws. Hallelujah. If you don't believe it, read your prophet. Right? And he broke the laws and went to that sixth dimension. But Paul said it was unlawful. And he didn't come back and write a letter. He made a tape. Amen. Amen. He's open. He's changing the laws, folks. It's because it becomes a law. Do you see when it is these laws are broken, paradoxes begin to happen, if you want to prepare for something, don't prepare for tribulation. Prepare for paradox. Prepare for a miracle to happen, something to happen in your life. Listen, the if God could save you, wasn't that a miracle? If God could give you the Holy Ghost, wasn't that a miracle? If he could put you in church, wasn't that a miracle? Why are you stopping on those things? Why not go on into the greatest miracle with every revival that was divine healing? But the bride's revival, it'll end in a great divine healing. It ends in the changing of the body. Come on. It's the word. The miracle follows the word. We're not following the miracle. We're following the word. Amen. But if you're in the word, you're going to get the miracle. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. I believe it this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Now, now, Brother Bam said this and and and and I there's some things that require a lot more than we have to give to them, but I I want I want you to hear it. The people who follow the pillar of fire. Who is that? Y'all know why the magi was in the Bible and three magi. Brother Bam said, "I always wondered why they were in scripture." He said it was to give a type that there would be people that would follow a supernatural light. The children of Israel follow that same light. Then the children of Malachi 4 are following that same light. And brother Brown makes it clear and he said people who follow that pillar of fire will certainly have a rough time. And haven't we? And haven't we? They will certainly have some hills and some deserts and some red seas. And they will certainly have some hard times. Yeah. Now, the reason I say that is if you're not expecting hard times, they'll surprise you and then you'll say, "Well, I thought we was going into rapture. It wasn't going to be no more hard times. No, no, no. If you're following this pillar of fire, sometimes it leads you through red seas, sometimes to better waters, it leads you to all kinds of places, but just make sure he's leading." Amen. And brother Bram said, "Listen, there'll be a rough time, but they're ready for translation at the time. If they follow this pillar of fire, they may have a rough time, but they'll be ready at the right time." Glory, Gracie. you know, years ago before she was married and understood all these important facts of life, she was just a young girl running around with her dad, you know, and we were down at down at brother Homer Longoras. And Homer lives about a half hour from town. I was staying there in No Hatchee or no up in town aniston, I believe it is. And there's a little western sizzling around the corner. I think they have got Homer's name uh uh tagged in that table. I think he comes there every day. and uh it's about a half hour from his house, so he knows just how long it takes. So me and Gracie was there and we were preaching a I think we were preaching a Saturday night fellowship, Sunday morning service. And the Saturday morning before the service, he calls me up in the midm morning. He said, "Hey, brother Wayne." He said, "Look," he said, "I'm just about to leave the house here." He said, "Uh, I'm going to head over to that western sizzling down in town." He said, he's just one of them. He said, "Uh, I'll phone you when I get close." He said, "Y'all go ahead and get ready and stuff." So I said, "Okay." So I got off phone. And I'm studying there at the desk and Graciey's behind me and I'm not sure what she was doing, but she was just there on the couch and and I said, "Hey, Gracie. Brother Homer will be coming in a bit." Well, about a half hour later, the phone rings. It's Brother Homer. He said, "Hey, I'm I'm just about there. You ready?" And I turned and looked and Gracie was still right there. And I said, "Honey, why didn't you get ready?" She said, "Well, Dad," she said, "look." She said, 'You said that he was going to phone us and we was going to get ready.' I said, 'Well, honey, couldn't we got ready and waited instead of waiting to get ready? Now, that cannot define my daughter today. She's always ready. That sermon may have did it. And not only I've used it, I've heard it around the world now. See, you you you want to get ready and wait. Don't don't don't put off getting ready. You can do that right now. Get ready. Get ready for change. Get ready for the move. Get ready for the power of God. Get ready. And when you begin to get ready, listen, that getting ready, Amen, will make you Amen. It'll make the waiting better. I'll tell you that. But when you're when he calls, you can answer. Listen. See, it's it it takes it takes a getting ready. Now, the Bible tells us here very plainly that Enoch was translated that he should not see death because God translated him before his translation. Somebody say before. Before before his translation he had this testimony that he pleased God. But without faith it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and a rewarder them that diligently seek. Watch now. Before he was translated, he pleased God. Before he was translated, he was ready. He He was ready. He was pleasing. See, he was walking in revelation and in faith. Now, Brother Bam does us a tremendous favor here. And he ties together Enoch's translation with the adoption of the church. How many knows he does that? He literally ties together Enoch's translation with the with the with the adoption of the church. And he says this. He says, now Enoch had a testimony by faith that he pleased God. And the Bible said without faith. He says, you've got to have the same kind of faith that you believe and know. Now in here you him, brother Bam says it like this. He said see that's exactly where this church has got to be. Jesus was always about his father's business. Not the carpenter Joseph but the father the word. He was doing the father's business now doing this and the church becomes to do it but it's about the father's business. And Jesus had this testimony that I always do that which pleases the father. Didn't he say that? And Enoch before his translation, he walked with God 500 years and had a testimony that he pleased God and he was a type of the raptured church. Then a child, see, God has to raise up another child. If Pentecost fails, God's able these stones to raise children out of Abraham. God can call them from the Lutheran and from the Baptist and the Presbyterians, and God's able these stones to rise children to Abraham. Somebody's going to get the vision. Somebody's going to see this vision. Amen. Now watch, brother Benham. He says it here you him. He says it now watch. He said now watch Luther raising up a Methodist and raising up a Nazarene, raising up pilgrim holiness, raising up a Pentecost. He will keep raising and raising until he gets one. Yes, sir. I hope to live to see a church when she rises in power and the beauty of the resurrection with the powers of God working through her, signs and wonders following and the believers like that in the New Testament. Do you see? He's telling you very clearly, somebody's going to walk with this message. Somebody's going to walk with the word of God of this age. But I I I I'll just cut to the chase of this. How is it that you could walk with something that wasn't here? I don't care how hard the Pentecostals prayed. They could not walk with what you're walking with because it wasn't revealed yet. I them them Jews over there are praying night and day, but they can't see what you're seeing because it ain't open to them. But one of these mornings, it'll become real to them and they will be able to walk with the same revelation you walk with. Amen. And the Lutherans couldn't walk with it and the Pentecostals couldn't walk with it. But think this morning of a bride who could walk worthy with her Lord in the presence of God this morning. The value of this message is it puts you in step with God. Hallelujah. It puts you in step with God. Listen, you you know how people march, you know, and you watch people get out of step. Brother Ram said he saw that bride getting out of step and what a prophet. What a prophet. He knew visions, right? He knew visions had to come to pass. And he corrected the vision. N y'all didn't get it. He corrected the vision. He put her in step. Get back in line. Look what he done. He wouldn't let the vision go without the bride walking in step. Somebody's going to get that vision. Somebody's going to see that this message puts us exactly in step with God. He says, "Step this way. Walk this way." And that's exactly the way this bride is going to walk. And she's going to step. Brother Brandon calls it a harmony. It'll put the bride in harmony. Listen, let me let me just let me just finish saying here a few things in this finishing thought. Amen. That this bride, unlike the first Eve, Brother Bram said, who failed by corruption. Do you know that it's actually impossible for this bride to commit adultery? You can't commit adultery because you're already pregnant. He can't take a hold of you. The womb of life is closed to anything else. You're already his by predestination. And the seed has to come to life and no world can get in. Oh, if we'd stay on that for an hour, I'm sure you'd understand. He's already finished it. The seed was there. The seed was already when was it put there? Before the foundation of the world, he's predestinated you unto eternal life. And as soon as that lifegiving flow, that seed, he said, other seeds just would come in, but wouldn't take hold. My God, I'm so glad they couldn't take hold. They would come in, but they couldn't take hold. You just couldn't do it. But when that seed come in quickly, he stopped up the womb and the rest of the seeds were driven out. My goodness. And this message is driving out every unbelief and every seed of man, every denominational seed, every antichrist seed, every Lutheran and Baptist and Pentecostal idea. The message is shoving them out of your life. It is translation time. Thank you, Jesus. My goodness, she can't commit adultery. I'm skipping a lot to say some of these things here very quickly. Now, you said, "Brother Wayne, you're you're forecasting a huge a huge move, a huge thing." I am. But the power to do it is not coming. The power I'm talking about is in this room right now. Amen. I'm not announcing something that's on its way. Oh, glory. I'm announcing that something that is already here. And a prophet will say it very clearly. He said, you have already been translated into heavenly places with Christ Jesus. Not you will be. You are right now translated. You say, "Preacher, what are you talking about? My body's here, but I ain't here. Oh, hallelujah. It's Bible, folks. In the spirit realm, you're already seated in a heavenly place in Christ. Brother Bram said, "They're filled. Every fiber fiber of your body is filled with the Holy Ghost fibers and beings has already been preserved of God. There is a glorified body waiting. And all you have to do as soon as this is over is those that he has justified, he has already glorified. In the Easter Seal, we said the Holy Spirit is here to find you. And when it finds you, you recognize its call. You know the hour you're living. You know these things are supposed to happen. And quickly, you're raptured up to either he's a prophet or he ain't. Yeah. Right. And he's telling me that I'm already on my way. He's telling me that the translation power has already got a hold of me. It's already seated me in a place where Christ is king. It's already seated me in a place where my soul can never reach death no more. I have already died and passed from death to life and cannot come into condemnation. Listen, if if you want to say it openly, my soul has already reached where my body's going. There's just going to be one of these mornings that this body can't hold this soul no more. And there's a change that's going to come over the church of the living God. This is the season for it. Brother Bam says it's already changed your affections. What it's done to your mortal bodies, it changed your opinions. Come on, anybody? Is the message ever changed the opinion you have? It already changed your opinion. And honestly, sometimes that's the hardest thing to change. But it already changed your opinion. It changed your notions. And it took your affections and set them on things above. Amen. And smoking and drinking and gambling and them things you used to do is dead and they're beneath you. You say, "Preacher, what happened? And the Easter Seal, Brother Brand said, "The quickening power has brought your body into a raptured condition already." My goodness. Amen. You said, "Brother Wayne, what in the world are you talking about?" I'm talking about eating a message this morning that is changing the way I think, the way I feel, the way I act, the way I talk. It changes my opinions, my affections, my life. It has already delivered my soul. And the message that delivered my soul is going to deliver my body. Why would God live it half done? He's not a halfway God. Somebody said, "Well, I know somebody passed. Brother Johnson just passed and he looked for the rapture." That's all right. Don't you know the prophet of God said if you go to sleep waiting on him, he'll wake you up in the same expectation you went to sleep. He's not going to wake up differently than he went to sleep. He went to sleep looking for the coming of the Lord. And when he wakes up, he'll be the coming of the Lord. Amen. I tell you something this morning. There is a translation power in the hearing of the gospel. There is a translation power in the eating of this message. Let me ask you very clearly. Where else could you go to get translation? Where else could you go to get translation? I'm going through some good stuff right now. Sorry. bar time. No, you don't mean it. This is 4:00 stuff right here. It becometh us to fulfill righteousness. Brother Bam said, "In the days of Enoch, just before the flood, Enoch looked out there and saw Noah building an ark. And Enoch was a prophet. And Enoch knew he was a type. And he knew before the floods came that he had to give an example. And one afternoon he come become to take a walk and it becoming to him that he had take this walk with God. And somehow the day he changed his path instead of going around the side of the hill, he took the king's highway and he just kept walking. 500 years he walked with that God. But that morning they just took a different route. He was walking with him every day. Wow. It wasn't a visitor. It was a daily companion. And they just took a different path. I bet when they took that one, Enoch looked over and says, "This the one Adam walked out of." It leads right back where Adam come out of. Instead of going out of the hill, they went on the king's highway. Brother Ram said, "There it is." See, Enoch knowed it was becoming of him to be a prophet. That's right. He says, "What is it?" He said, he said, "There it is." They said unto him, "Where you going?" He said, "I'm just going to take a little walk." Yes, he was going for a stroll. He didn't want to leave, but it was fulfilling of him to fulfill the type. He was a type of this church. Now, I I say this morning, if you're following the pillar of fire, you're walking with God, you're walking this message, you're doing something that many times has become unconscious faith. Not all of your faith is conscious all the time. Sometimes you're operating an unconscious faith. Just like uh brother Bram explains it simply. He said, "You get up in the morning, go out and start your car. Yeah, right. You don't even expect it to not start. Unless you drive a Ford, you know. [Applause] Sorry. [Applause] If it's a GM, you can have faith. Oh, yeah. Somebody said, "Well, Brother Bram had a Ford, but in the end, he had a Cadillac after the opening of the [Applause] Lordy Jesus. Let's have a prayer meeting in the church. [Applause] I'm sorry. I'm It's a It's unconscious. He drives a Toyota. He don't care. It's an unconscious faith. And brother Bam said, "I've learned as I traveled around the world meeting these," he said, "Faith is unconscious. You've got faith and you don't even know it." Now, think about this. The faith of the ages, the faith of translation, the faith of change is residing in you. And you may be totally unconscious, right, of what really is laying there. I I I I've I've I've studied this in depth at one time and you go go study it. But but brother Brandham simply would be in a prayer line or like he would be on the platform and he'd turn over and discern somebody and he'd say, "You got more faith than you thought, don't you?" Remember he'd say that. He said, "You were a bit unconscious of that, but that faith was and then he would point that out and he would bring that faith up that was already in them. Do you see? Faith is unconscious. And brother Bam says, "Listen, Jesus Christ, no matter if he was in a storm or gale, knocking the boat one side to the other. He was standing in the face of a mess of demons. If he was hanging anywhere, if he never, it never moved him. He walked along just as calm and as quiet as he could be. He was simply unconscious of fear. There you go. Simply unconscious of fear." He says, "My, that's right. whether it was going to happen or whether it wasn't going to happen. He knowed if it was going to happen because God said so. And if he didn't say, "Oh, I wonder if I prayed through. I wonder if I fasted long enough. I wonder if I did this." He just walked unconscious. That's right. He believed that God said it was the truth and the words must be fulfilled and he knew his life was to fulfill them. My goodness. You see where revelation places you? My life is to fulfill these words God spoke. Now you can you can become unconscious and just walk. And watch what Brother Bam says. You're here to fulfill it, too. So you can walk unconscious of fear. You can walk unconscious of criticism. You can walk unconscious of the world. You can walk as you walk in Christ. Walk with him. Not paying any attention to your left hand or your right hand. If something comes up in the church, walk with God. Hallelujah. If sickness strikes you, walk with God. If a neighbor don't like you, walk with God. Just keep walking with God. Enoch walked like that. You know what he done? He walked all the way home with God. He got so far up the road. My goodness, folks. Do you hear how he got there? Yeah, he just kept walking. Hey, have you ever had to walk a long distance and you just keep walking and after a while you're further up the road than you thought and the devil's still trying to tell you you got a long ways to go and here you have been in the message 15 years or 20 years. Amen. And he can't take all that away from you cuz you're already further up the road than you thought. Look what he said. Just keep walking. Enoch walked with that when walk with that. Walk with God. If the doctor says you're going to die, just walk with God. If the doctor says says, "Well, you can't." Well, just walk with God. That's all. For God promised you, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. I'll be with you to the end of the world." He took an oath by the covenant that he gave and he confirmed it. Just walk with God. Listen. Amen. I believe this this morning. He says, "You're going to have your ups and downs, but don't you worry." Oh, glory. I'm preaching to you this morning. You're going to have your ups and downs, but don't you worry. You're going to go through the bride patches. You're going to go over sharp rocks. You're going to go over bluffs and down hillsides and up through the mountains and over the waters. But walk with God. It's a rough path, but you're walking with God. My when I think of it this morning, Amen. You You can have it, but it's a rough path, but walk with him. Walk with him this morning. Our musicians come walk with God. Amen. Oh, over the briars. And what if you could walk unconscious criticism this morning? Wouldn't that be something? People criticize you a little bit and man, that's heavy, ain't it? For a long time sometimes. You know how to you know how to take away the gravity of people's words? Get up there where gravity ain't. Hallelujah. Get on up there. And things get a lot lighter. That's the only way. That's the only way, folks. Just walk with God. Say, "Preacher, I I I want to walk with God." Let me tell you something straight. If you walk with God, you'll never walk the same again. It'll change it. It'll change it. It sure will. Jacob met him. Old guy wrestling with an angel. But when he left there, he didn't walk the same ever again. With every step it spoke, there had been change. Think about it. There had been change. The dead can't change without the presence of God. The living can't change without the presence of God. The sick can't be healed without the presence of God. Translation can't take place without the presence of God. That's right. If you desire to walk with God, you can do it today. Amen. The power to do it is here. Yes. The word to do it is here. There is a there is a way that you can walk with him this morning. Listen. And and as you walk with him, it's it's different now because this is under vision. Y'all remember one of one of the great stories that uh Brother Bram told. It wasn't a story. It was a vision. But one of the great visions that he told is there was a he it was I think it was the same time uh of Congressman Upshaw, but he was sitting there and he said there was a there was a young girl she blue colored girl was in the back and brother Bram said I see a vision he said and I see a girl going under an operation for her voice. Isn't it odd? It was her voice. He said going under operation for her voice and it has paralyzed her. He said I'll see her later. Brother Brandham said, "Her mother ran run to the front of the building and said, "Brother Brandham, that's my baby. That's my baby." He said, and she screamed out to him. He said, "Can she walk now?" Glory. And brother Bram said, "Just a moment." And you know what he said? He said, "Many people don't stay long enough for the second vision to strike." He said, "Usually I tell them what's wrong. Emotion hits them. They go high and run off. He said, "But they didn't wait to see what the next vision would say." That's right. He said, "And when he began to do it," he said, he stood there a minute and he goes, "Oh, I see I see her now. I see her running down a dark alley. Oh, there it goes. A ball." She's running. She's catch Yeah. She can walk now. And the little girl gets up and and she can walk now. See a moment before it, she couldn't, but the moment a prophet saw it, she can walk now. Listen, bride, there was an hour you couldn't do it. She can walk now. She can walk just like he walks. She can talk just like he talks. It's translation time. It's the season of it. Amen. Would you stand to your feet with us this morning? Go ahead, Brother Ben. Amen. It's translation time. We'll walk in the light. Such a beautiful life. Come where the de drops of mercy are bright. Oh, shine all around by night. Jesus the light of the world. [Music] [Applause] Oh, will walk in like such a beautiful life. Come where? [Applause] Oh yes. Oh mercy [Applause] shine all around. [Music] Yes Jesus the light of the world. Sing it again. Oh, we will walk. We'll walk. What a beautiful life. [Music] [Applause] Shift [Music] my name. My God. It's Jesus, the light of the world. [Music]
