################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - Life Testimony - Bro. Ray Erickson - Ray Erickson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-09
Title:    Life Testimony - Bro. Ray Erickson
Speaker:  Ray Erickson
Church:   True Word Tabernacle
Type:     Testimony Service
Duration: 1h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_qJx3rEEOY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Cal tree. [Music] Well, I know we're all excited to be gathered together tonight uh to hear Brother Ray's life story. And uh Ray Ericson is certainly somebody who needs no introduction to us. um we've we've uh known him and and grown under his ministry uh for for years and I think he's been pastoring over 40 years and um and so we just appreciate a life lived for the Lord and the fruit of it and I'm part of that fruit for sure. Um, I've always said that really everything good in my life traces back to uh grandpa and just the the decisions made to serve the Lord. I I always think about Abraham in the Bible, how that Abraham one day heard from the Lord when the Lord called his name there in the land of and and I think if he had not answered that call, you know, uh where would Isaac have been? Where would a Jacob have been? There wouldn't have been a Joseph. There would have never been an Israel. And so, um, that's that's how I feel that if if there hadn't been a Ray Ericson, uh, to answer the call of God and sell out for this message, there wouldn't be a Nathan Ericson, there wouldn't be a True Word Tabernacle, and we wouldn't be gathered here tonight. And, um, so we just appreciate him so much, love him so much. Um, how many love brother A? And uh uh grandpa's got a lot of famous sayings uh that are famous among us. And um one that he's always saying is when he'll be ministering sometimes he'll get off on a little story or something from his past or from his childhood. And uh and he always says, "Yeah, I know you wanted to hear that." And uh and the thing about it is we do we do want to hear it. We want to hear everything about it. And so, uh, we're so glad that that, uh, he'd set this side of time, this time aside with us and, um, share his life story and his testimony. And, um, I want to speak for the whole youth group, Grandpa, that nobody's in a hurry. And so, just take your time and relax and and we just want to hear everything that comes to mind. And we're just here to celebrate you and and uh, and and uh, appreciate you. And so we'll just turn it over uh to brother Ray here. Uh but we got a couple quotes that um he wanted me to play here. So hopefully everybody can hear it. This is from the message things that are to be. Your birth here was pre-planned. I guess you believe that. Every one of you knows that our birth was pre-planned. Did you know that your being here never originated just at a myth or a thought? Everything was all pre-planned by God before the foundation of the world. The infinite God know to be to be infinite. He had to know every flea that ever would be in the earth and how many times it would bat its eye. That's infinite. See you our little our little minds cannot fathom what infinite means. The infinite God. He know all things. Therefore, there's nothing out of caterer. Amen. A little ways down in the same message. You now you grew from your birth when you was born and presented into this world. God knew that you were going to be here in this earth and you grew from birth to maturity. things that seem so strange to you uh in your young womanhood, young boyhood as children now seems very real. You couldn't understand it when he was a child, but now as you become adult, you begin to understand and find out that everything was just set just right and you it really means something to you now. So is it in your spiritual birth? You do things that you don't understand. When you're a little baby come to the altar, you give your life to Christ. You do such strange things. You wonder why you did it. But after a while, when you mature as matured Christians, then you understand it. See, there's something picks up. You see why you had to do it. Your spiritual birth, your natural birth types, you're spiritual. how how it fitted to you in this life as you grew everything fitted right in because you were made for that. Wasn't it a strange thing the night that you staggered into the mission, the tent meeting or the little church somewhere on the corner and something a preacher preached on a certain subject and you just fell right at the altar. See, see God knew that before the foundation of the world. See you, it seems strange to you why you did it then, but now you understand. You knew what happened. It's so fitting to you and this life and will be also in the life that is to come. This world and this life seems to advance as you mature. Everything seems to go right with you. Amen. Go ahead. Amen. I wanted to uh play those quotes to understand that our lives are pre-planned. Every one of you here tonight, God's pre-planned your journey in life. And so I wanted us to hear them two quotes because in my testimony it'll give different situations where the Lord was brooding over me even though and you can say the same even though I didn't recognize until a certain season or certain timing. So I just wanted us to be aware of that in your own life. I only have a short scripture here I was thinking about and uh the reason I'm reading I'll probably relate it to it later in part of my testimony. Romans 8:31. If God be before us, who can be against us? And I'll just use that later on. Can we just pray together? Lord Jesus, I thank you, Father, for this opportunity to gather with these lovely young people in in this house of faith. Lord, and Father, we pray that we can say something that will edify your presence, Lord, and lift you up, Father, for what you've done, not only for me, but for these young people. Father, we love you with all our hearts. We pray you'll inspire this Lord and and Lord let it be a reality to someone tonight Lord that it'll speak to their hearts in the name of Jesus. Amen. I want to ask or thank Nathan for asking me to give this and of course a couple of you young people that approached me as well. Uh so I appreciate that and so we just love you as uh you're just such an example of this message already yourselves to see the quality of character that you have. So I'll try and keep this in order and if I don't maybe if I think of something I'll have to go way back but I'll try. Uh I was born uh December 9th 1938. My parents' name was Robert Lydia Ericson. I was actually born not in a hospital. I was born on in a house on the farm. And uh my parent 1938. So I was born during the Second World War. I don't know how many of you got history here in your mind, but the second world war was from 1939 to 1945. also at an and I know history says it was the worst catastrophe in human humanism or human life. And of course they forgot to go all the way back to the dark ages when we lost 68 million amen of our brothers and sisters. But at the very same time, 1929, 1941 was the Great Depression. And it was a terrible, the stock market broke, banks went bankrupt, people if they didn't act quickly to get their money out of the bank, they lost all that they had. Well, my dad and my mom was trying to farm at that time. So, it was very difficult. We, you know, I as a child, I don't ever rem I remember one time going to a restaurant. And I'm not saying it was in other times, but it wasn't like today, you know, you had fast food places and things. But one thing about it that say for instance, like my mother, uh we uh as farmers, we had, you know, my dad raised chickens. He raised different animals. And so the chicken feed that he bought, uh maybe some of you have heard me say this before, but it was in a printed sack. In other words, had different colors. It had flowers on so on. That's what my mother used to sew her dresses. She did not go out and buy a dress. They couldn't afford it. They couldn't afford the money. Another thing is every year. And when my brother see and I I I'm probably going to miss a lot, but I had a brother also seven years older than myself. But when it came to school time in the fall, my dad in that little community, uh even though I raised on the farm, the little town four miles away was only about a thousand people. It was very small. It was a village more or less. So when it came time to for school each year, my dad would take I don't know how many dozen eggs, I don't know how many chickens, and we'd drive 75 miles to St. Minneapolis and St. Paul, which St. Paul was the capital. And uh he would sell those things in the city to get enough money so he could take us to and I still remember the Jewish store. It was called Copan Brothers. and uh there's where he would buy our clothes for school, our shoes, whatever was needed for that year. So, it wasn't like they had an abundance of money there. I don't I don't ever remember my dad having a credit card. I don't even know if there was credit cards back there or not. If he was going to buy something, he tried to save the money. So, it was a very uh difficult time. I spent my first uh grade 1 through eight in a little two room country school and uh quite of the few of the people walked to it but you know I moaned and groaned a lot. So, uh, my dad would graciously take me and I walked, we walked, I pick, I'd go down to and the neighbor was about half a mile away and then he'd join me and then when somebody else would join. So, we walked about a mile and a half to school and a mile and a half back. So and then uh they made a uh declaration at that time that when it come to grade nine you had to go transfer into the city school system. So I I I transferred into that system and uh I uh I I I was about in that age group uh right at that time when the polio epidemic broke out. I can't remember how old I was. My parents it it was a terrible outbreak and it it was a scary time just like we went through co you know it was a scary time because so many people ended up in iron lungs. They never they never came out of it. That's how they lived. They just let them live in iron law. How many has ever heard about iron lung? Amen. And study. So that's the way it was. And at that very time, I don't know what I was maybe a freshman, high school, sophomore. Uh and incidentally, there was always a state fair in Minneapolis. And my dad and mom would take us there once in a while, but because of the epidemic, they said there's no way nor are we going. At that very time, I got sick and the fear came upon me because I thought maybe I was going to get polio, but the Lord watched over me. It was just a flu and it went away. I I played a couple sports. I played basketball and base. Is this all right if I share a lot of Yeah, we want to know. You know, raise your hand if you get tired of it. But anyway, uh I played a little basketball and baseball. I never was good at it, but uh you know uh uh my dad was graciously to take me in for practice and allow me to do it. But you know, we also worked on the farm. My brother and I, we that's we learned a lot of work ethic. We you know that's what I appreciate about growing up in the farm. There was a lot of work ethic ethics that was given to us and it helped us to to understand a little bit about it. I remember instance, I was small at that time, but you know, they they used to have instead of farmers having combines, they had what they call thrash machines or corn pickers and things like that. And uh I don't know, we had a front door the the latch wouldn't work right. And so, uh, my my dad and my brother and whoever maybe the neighbors were out there thrashing, uh, oats and, uh, my mom took lunch out and I don't know if she forgot something. So, I'm I'm I'm real small. So, she sends me back to the house to to get something. And when I came to go out of the door, the door latch wouldn't work. And I panicked. I actually panicked. So there was a big, not a huge window as that, but about half of that. And so I took something and broke the glass out and crawled through the window and I survived. As you see, I'm here. I didn't cut my throat or, you know, my veins or anything like that. Boy, I don't know. And I don't even remember getting a spanking, you know, and so that's why I turned out spoiled. That's so what happened. And so, uh, let me see if I I put this writing so close together, but anyway, uh, you know, I had, uh, right in my youth, I had, uh, and you, I gave one of these testimonies at the church not too long ago, but just to show how the Lord was keeping us, and that's why I played those quotes and so on, is that uh, one time, and I, this is a repeat of what I did at the church, if that's okay, but I, uh, my brother was 7 years older as I said and my cousins most of them were older than myself. I had one cousin. She was a girl uh uh close closer to me, but uh uh they lived across the road at another farm. And so they, you know, our us cousins would get together every once in a while. And so they came down to my dad's h to our place. And uh it became evening and it was in the summertime. And uh my dad had strung a bobwire fence around to keep the cattle in. And uh the boys and and my brother and the boys, they decided they saw fireflies. So why don't we start chasing fireflies. So I'm about the height of the fence right here. Right at the height of fence. So they run and run for they saw some go like that. So I just barrel ahead of them and right here I hit my neck in the bob wire. Well, my aunt was there and my uncle, my aunt for sure, she was a nurse. And so they carried me into the house and she took one look and she she said, "My got to get to the hospital." And when they examined it, it was a quarter of an inch from my juggler vein. If it had been another quarter of inch, I'd have bled to death and I wouldn't be here today. There was another instance uh you know uh my dad I was thinking of this today. Uh the first car I remember was a 1931 Chevrolet and it had a soft top. It wasn't even a hard top. So I remember riding in the back of that. I'm sure you know it was had some age on it by the time my dad got it too. But every time it rained, you had a duck because the rain was coming through. And uh then we graduated to a 37 Chevrolet, which we really thought we were probably probably he thought, you know, we we've come up in this world. And uh it was that vehicle that I remember. But my dad and my brother had picked corn and uh and uh my dad it was time for milking the cows. My dad's milking the cows. So my brother said to my dad is I said I I think I'm going to take the car and go out the and get the corn load. And so uh my brother was very good to me. I mean he he just you know he would play with me even though he was older. He treated me so wonderfully and and then later on when I got a temper we didn't get along so good. And uh so the thing of it is is that when he went out and and and of course a lot of people know today about running boards on vehicles, but back in those days I don't think they were too popular. But this vehicle had a running board. And so he was going to back up to the load of corn and uh I'm thinking I'm a big guy even though I'm a little guy. So I get out. I get out open the door like this and I don't face the corn load. I face like this and like you know I'm going to direct him and and all of a sudden I felt something hit. He got too close to to a pole and on the road or or the fence and broke my wrist right off. Just broke my wrist real bad. So that was another instance where the Lord protected me because if he if I would have hit a little different against that bull could have crushed me to death. So you understand now our lives are pre-planned. There's no mishap to a believer even though we go through many difficult times. My father and mother went to a Lutheran church and uh they had what they call catechism and I just have to kind of read the definition of it. It it's telling about attending the Lutheran church. They had what they call catechism. It was a summary of the principles of Christian religion in the form of questions and answers used for the instructions of Christians. Well, you know, my brother at his age, they made you go two years for that instruction. By the time I got old enough, it was only one year. But here's the situation about it. When it came to the end of the year, then you had to go to the in front of the pastor and in the front of the congregation and uh they asked you questions. Of course, they gave you the answer pretty much beforehand. But here's what I want to get to. for no known reason. I mean, it's just you're talk about formalism and and and dry as could be. But uh during that ceremony, I just broke down and started weeping. And there was no reason for it. I mean, there was no reason for it. But I'm just going to say I believe he was brooding over me. He was brooding over me at that time. In fact, on the way home, my parents were wondering what happened to you. I mean, what what was this? I couldn't explain it. All I know now I can look back. It was the presence of the Lord coming over me. And I I didn't know how to yield at that time. So, you know, I'm in high school and uh you know, and uh sorry to say, I didn't very do very good. And uh uh but uh it was at a uh football game in a in a neighboring town. And uh this is where I met my met my wife today, Ruth. And uh of course we were both young. I mean we she was young. She's three years younger than I was. So I'm in high school. She's down here, you know. And so so I mean we just met, you know, we never, you know, started going steady, what they call steady. I I just maybe look her up once in a while, you know. And uh but we really didn't uh we really didn't even uh well I'm going to get ahead of myself here. And in and in uh in high school, you know, at that time they had a two-year draft for the army. And uh uh I think I as I look back on it, I look I see it very peculiar. um a a a a little town, a farming community of 1,000 people. And the army decided to build well they used an old building at that time. They built a new building later on, but they they rented a building downtown Winthre. That was the name of the town. And they were going to have an army reserve unit in that little town. Well, you know, we started talking. My brother got drafted during the Korean War. And uh that's another thing is I've just just coming to my mind now. I'm probably going teeter totter around a little bit, but but my brother when he was drafted, I knew my life was so terrible and uh you know, and just uh you know, and I thought to myself, my this is serious. This is a Korean war going on. Uh you know, and the thing of it is is that I said, "Oh my, I got to get my life better than this. I got to get. But here's what I want to tell you. You can try all you want to, but it don't work. It isn't until he summons you and he beckons at your heart that something will happen. So no matter how our works try to do it. But anyway, I decided I'm sure my, you know, talking to my parents, talking to my brother, I didn't really want to be gone two years, waste two years of my life. So I decided to join the Army Reserve. Well, when 1957 came, that's my graduation year. So in May, in May, I already started in the senior year. So in May I graduate, in July I'm already going to the army. So, here I am, you know, I, you know, this is I'm I'm young, you know, and, uh, well, you know, I remember going to a Bible school, uh, Bible camp one time. I got so homesick, you know, they had to come and get me. So, but, you know, nobody's going to come and get you at the army camp. You know, you can cry all you want to. You know, they're your daddy and your mama and and whether you like it or not. So uh so you know here I'm on my way in July and uh so you what we were supposed to do is have six months of active duty. Then you had three and a half years of active reserve. They could call you anytime they wanted to. You had two weeks every summer and then I I forget how many years of inactive reserve you had which if there was a dire need they'd have to be quite critical they could pull you in. But by the grace of God that unit never got pulled in. Later on, they got that unit got pulled into Vietnam, but I was already out. So, that's just something how the Lord watched over each one of us, you know, you and I, uh, both. Now, uh, I just want to say something here. Uh, my mom, for some reason, I don't know, she always wanted me to be something besides a farmer. My brother love farming and uh she's just Rey, I want you to be something. I want you to have something. I believe if she could look over the portals of heaven today, she'd be quite happy to see what happened. So, you know, after I got out of the army, I decided, okay, uh I applied at Manetto State College and uh I had Army reserve about the time that they were calling you in for an interview. So, I I just got a hold of them. I said, "Hey, you know, I've got to go two weeks training. I can't make that interview." I have a feeling if I had made the interview, they' have told me to stay home. But I decided just in mainly behalf of my mother's mind and thoughts, I'm going to try it. So I only went a year and I I just, you know, I hate to say it, but I didn't make the grade. But, you know, uh, one one scripture I've always identified with like the disciples, they were ignorant and unlearned. So, you know, if you find your place in the scripture, you got it made. Yeah. So, in let me see here my notes. Uh 1958 then uh I got actually I didn't get a a leave after basic training. You're supposed after 8 weeks basic training supposed to get a leave. Some reason my orders got messed up. Here's another thing is too like uh it it's quite something basic training just about the whole barracks the whole company they all got orders to go I was one of the few that didn't get any orders they also wouldn't let me go home so I'm sitting at the barracks of just a few of us left and so uh they had what they call MOS that was your military occupational uh so I think one of them was I I would possibly be in the armor division or and the other one of all things was I think I remember even the number of the MOS I think it was 7-Eleven pretty good at 86 e 71 clerk typist of all things well I didn't even do that well in in high school on typing you know but sure enough I got shipped to Fort Sheridan Illinois and it was at Navy Pierce at that time, Fort Sheridan, Illinois. I don't know why the army units got sent there. I wasn't very long there and they they deactivated the place and so outside of Chicago was a fort called Fort Sheridan. Beautiful place. My if I would have been in the army two years and could have spent that there wouldn't have been too bad at all. But it was a lovely place. But then because I didn't get uh so July so by December I should have been out I had my six months uh but because I didn't get a leave they let me out a little early so I went home but then that very summer of 1958 uh my mom I remember what I remember about mom I had just such beautiful parents but I always remember about my mom being always so sick just always one thing after another sick sick. Well, then she got a bad heart condition. And uh my brother, I didn't even find this out till many years later. He felt like the doctor gave her the wrong medication because I I was working nights at a Green Giant factory uh company and uh I went home to sleep during the day and all of a sudden I had a tap on my shoulder and my brother said, "Ray, mom's gone. She's gone." So that shook my life. that really shook my life because it was just something you know I'm just getting home from the army not for long and then this happens and uh so it it it it really shook me but even at that time I I believe there was and I believe it to this day uh in the funeral home I remember telling my dad even as a young man I said dad I believe we'll see her again so that's something that still would register today of course they didn't believe this message never came to them. So, you know, you might say, "Well, how do you know I'd like to just feel it in my heart that everything was well with my dad and mom, you know, they lived like Lutheran kind of my mom, my dad especially, you know, uh he didn't he didn't see no I mean, I don't think I ever heard a curse word from him, but he never saw anything too bad about drinking a beer or something like that, you know, but but the parents were so lovely. They just raised me in that church the best they could. Prayed, you know, taught us taught us to pray over our meals, pray at at nighttime. So, you know, the the guidance was there, you know, to help me. So in uh that was in 1958 and then uh went to college and then at about uh let me see I try to figure this out here and and then later on uh uh you know uh Ruth and I started dating uh and and she was uh uh I suppose she was about last part of the junior of high school or something and we dated to the senior year and uh so at the uh at the end by the time she graduated. Uh, you know, we had decided we were men for each other. And so I went to her her dad and I said, you know, uh, Mr. Johnson, uh, I'd like to marry your daughter and we'd like to get married right away. And he looked one he took one look at me. He said, you ain't get married right away. He said, you're going to have to wait until fall. So we waited till September 1961. Then we got married. And, uh, it's 63 years. 63 years together. That that's the grace of God. We uh and of course down to the years uh uh you know it it I just sorry I it took three years before we could have a child. Three years before we could have a child. And so uh I I had I had Ruth write these down because I can't remember. But each was born 1964, Brian 1965, Mary 1967, Matthew 1970, Benjamin in 78, and Martha in 82. So you know, three of them were born in Minnesota. Matthew was born in Arizona. Benjamin was born in Jerusalem in Israel, Jerusalem area. And Martha was born in Bluffroom, Ohio, where the church is. And now we got 19 grandchildren. And uh I had to have Ruth to figure this out, too. We got 11 great grams already. Wow. Keep them coming. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, we we we've been blessed. Uh let me see here. I can just then then as time went on, and I'll have to try and figure out these years. Uh you know, we went to church off and on. Uh I wasn't a Bible reader really, you know, uh the Bible sat on the shelf and uh but we went, you know, she was raised in her neighboring town. She went to what they call a congregational church. Then of course when we got married, we went to my church was with a Lutheran church. The Lutheran minister was a wonderful man. Uh you know, I take a look back. I mean, he was a very regimental in the Lutheran system. And looking back at it, uh, and there again, I believe was a seed in me, uh, recognizing maybe something that I really didn't recognize, but I remember his nephew being a missionary. And, uh, he came and and Dr. uh, uh, Pastor Ang Wall was just like, you know, uh, 15 or 20 minute sermon. It was all cut and dried, no move of the spirit. Only thing I remember about my mom, she was the loudest singer in the church. And you know, and so I kind of squirmed a little bit, you know, and wow, mom. Yeah. I never told him about, but I mean, you don't have to carry the whole tune, but I remember his nephew coming off the field and my when he preached, I mean, he was weeping in the pulpit. He was I mean I look back at it now and I can I could call it there was a man that was anointed to preach what he had what he had in his heart and compared to to Mr. Ang Pastor Angwell. So and and and and so time went on and u you know I I'll I'll sure enough miss a lot of highlights here I'm afraid of. But uh the thing of it is is that my brother and his wife got married and uh uh and they started having a family. So what happened when we got married? Uh I don't want to miss this. Uh when we got married, uh after I left college and and so on and got married and uh my dad actually he owed money on the farm. It was 160 acres. He owed money on it yet, but he said, "Ray, I'm going to let you just take over the the payments. Just take not not what probably it's worth. I'll just have you think." Now, that was unreal. Now, I' I've got a brother also seven years older, but the thing of it is my brother was a tremendous farmer and he he already had been renting our uncle's farm and did a great job. Well, then a farm down the road became available. Well, at that time the land wasn't worth what it is today. I just saw I I just saw something on my phone in Iowa just lately. It sold for $17,000 and I think it one just the other day $23,000 an acre. Well, back in those days it was $100 an acre, $200 an acre and and my brother paid a high price that really wasn't. It was like $300 an acre. Well, he had rented that farm and made really great. So the minute he bought it, things just didn't go right, weather conditions and so on. So what happened, my dad then a farm, Kitty Corner from from where he left Ruth and I by the farm, there was another farm came available and there was 200 acres. So here we are. We're putting we're putting where we're farming in those days. It's pretty unreal with the little machinery we had and farming 560 acres with the same machinery and trying to do all of that. We didn't have all the herbicides and insecticides. They started coming after we were farming for a while. I'm trying to get to something if you just give me a chance here. So, in the meantime, my sister-in-law got a real bad heart condition after I think the first or second child, something like that. So, in the meantime, it's kind of a a kind of a odd setup, but uh my cousin in California uh married a lady that had been married before. And so uh when she when they got married, so then uh we after my mom had passed, my brother and I and my dad, we went to visit California and visit them. And so uh through that, not through the marriage of my cousin to that, but that lady already had a daughter and a son. Well, that daughter then eventually became my brother's wife. So the thing of it is there was no relationship there. Remember it was it was she had been married to another man. So in and my sister-in-law got a bad heart condition. Well, in the meantime, that family comes into the message in California. Then a couple brothers, I don't know if they'd heard the what was going on and and and with my brother's wife and so on, but they came they came and of course I don't know what was all said. So the thing of it is that they came to the farm and uh they prayed for my sister-in-law. She was instantly healed. She had been going to the doctors and spending money on medicine that they didn't have the money probably to do. But the Lord healed her instantly. And so their eyes became open that this Bible is a living word. It's not tradition. It's not because it's Lutheran or Methodist or Catholic. It's a living word of God. Amen. In life. And so that began to really be something. And speaking of that, I'm going to back up a little bit again as I remember these things if you just allow me. But my cousin marrying that lady and then that her daughter becoming a believer and marrying my daughter. Well, the same thing sort of happened with my father uh like my my father right around you know we were married Ruth and I were married 61. Right around in a little later on time, he my father met a a lady that worked for the county, I believe. She was a kind of high up on the county uh offices. And she was far different than my mother. She was a smoker. She was a drinker. I don't know what my dad, he must have got so lonely or what. Well, you know, I just really got a bad attitude. I mean, I wasn't converted at that time and really bad. And my dad, my brother tried to talk to my dad, tried to talk him out of it and uh things. Well, of all things, of all things, she has a daughter, too, in a in a previous marriage. Okay. Her name is Patty. So, uh I'm going to have you scrambled up a little bit, okay? But I'll try let the Lord the Holy Spirit speak. But anyway, uh on I'll I'll tell you the rest of that down the road here in my testimony. But anyway, uh so uh I began to see my brother and his wife leave the Cath Lutheran church and they start going to Bible study in some other city. And I'm thinking, what in the world? You know, I don't understand. My dad, he's a pretty stoned Lutheran. And uh so the thing of it is is that uh I thought uh I just told Ruth one day I I said I think they've gone wacko. I think they're going whack. And Ruth now here's a predestination I believe election in her. She looked at me. She said Ray you probably better watch what you're saying. So the thing of it is like I say we're farming together. How much time have I got? All night. All night. Well, we won't go until somebody falls over now like it did. So, the the the the thing of it is is that uh uh we were working uh I was working over at my brother's farm that particular day and uh we were out in the morning and then the rain started coming down so we had to go quit and so then you know it's time to go in the house, have a cup of coffee and a donut or something. So my at that time they never said a word to me and I don't know how many months this went on. So all of a sudden Patty says to to my brother Quinton, "Uh, aren't you ever going to talk to Ray?" That's kind of the words he just said. So of all things, he leaves the kitchen and he goes in the other room, gets his Bible. So he goes in and he starts reading scripture to me. And I don't know how long this went on, but down inside I'm thinking, I'm not ready to meet this God that he's talking about. I'm not ready to meet him. So, at the same time, it went on for I don't I don't know how long. Then he hands me a booklet and I'm thinking, "What in the world is this?" And it was a message of Brother Brandham, but I didn't know nothing, you know? I didn't. But he hands the booklet to me. I go home that night. I do my chores. I go in the house and I don't know what it is if I was afraid to read it in front of my wife or what. So, I took the Bible. I know this sounds pretty crazy, but you've heard me give it a testimony before some of you. I took my Bible, went into the bathroom and I opened the Bible up and it was some place in Matthew. I can't remember the scripture anymore. But as I was reading that scripture, a presence came all over me that I had never witnessed that powerful a script presence. And I broke down and I started weeping. The reason this is going to be fresh to me now tonight is because of somebody coming to my house yesterday and had the same experience like and I and that's why it's so fresh to me. I broke down and started weeping. I said, "Jesus, I know who you died for now. You died for me." And a weight lifted off of me. People of weight lifted totally. And from that day on, my life changed. I went to my brothers and sisters farm the next morning. They took a look one look at my continents and knew something had happened to me. My brothers and sisters, that was the start of my Christian walk. I'm sorry, but it's so real to me today. That was the start of a justification in my life. In the meantime, see if I can get the ears right here. In the meantime, I think it was August of 19 Yes. August of 1967, my brother and his family moved to Tucson to be under Brother Perry Green's ministry. How many has heard of Brother Perry Green? Mhm. ministry. So, they had moved. In the meantime, my brother still had a a fall crop to harvest. And uh so he had to come back and so he brought somebody back by the name of brother Milton David Linhardt. He was actually a former Lutheran pastor before he came to the message. He left his family back in Tucson and spend 30 whole days with Ruth and I sharing the scriptures, sharing the message, playing the message at night, following me around. I had to keep busy because I had I was raising lives uh hogs. I was farming crop. We had harvest to make on all the farms. But he'd follow me around. He'd start sharing things with me, little bits, little bits and pieces. It's like that. So all of a sudden it was almost time for him to go. So we go back. So he'd spend 30 whole days. So Ruth and I would sit at the supper table and we'd hear all of these things that have happened through brother Ben's ministry, through the scriptures, through what had happened to him and sharing all he's just pouring himself out to us. And uh then he got into water baptism with me. I believed privately but then Ruth heard about it so she called her sister-in-law and she said what is this about water baptism I want to hear about this so then he shared it with us and all and so so that's the very time that was in October 1967 that uh he said you know he he said about water baptism so both of us were baptized in the bathtub you remember that I shared it at church right amen both of us uh All I remember there was a there was a lake quite a ways away, but I wouldn't change it for nothing. You know, fill up the bathtub. Let's have it, you know. And uh my and you know uh what's so wonderful about this as saints is that Ruth and I came together on this. It don't always happen, right? It don't always happen. You know, marriages get broken up and families get broken up, but you know, it was it was just something. Okay. So now that happens and then in uh let me see. Yes, December of ' 67, we decided we need to make a visit to my brother and his family in Tucson. So we uh I hired somebody to take care of my livestock. And uh well, I don't know if I paid him or not, but he he was a friend of mine. So, I might have maybe just used him. I don't I don't know. I don't know. Maybe that might have happened. So, anyway, we're driving all the way to Tucson and uh we stay with my brother and his family. Well, all they had is a mobile home and they already had I don't know how many children. Uh incidentally, that's a testimony that uh my sister-in-law having trouble that heart trouble after the first or second child. Well, she ended up having 15. Well, that's when I see face it is shocked. Shocked. So, the thing of it is is that uh we went there and we spent about probably about a month, but then you know uh we started getting restless. We need to go back home. So, uh somebody spoke to us and uh in the meantime, we were going to church there while we were there. And on the meantime, I'd be studying. I'd be reading, you know, the message or whatever, you know, trying to understand. And uh the thing of it is is that, you know, we could only stay we can only stay that long. That's enough. So somebody said to us, you know, I just feel did you really need to move here? Well, you know what? We had to know it. Not just somebody telling us we had to know it. And the Lord dropped it in our hearts. Dropped it in my heart. So you know uh I said okay dear we we need to head home. So the reason I read that scripture if God before us who can be against us for uh we uh I can't remember what the first town is out east out of Tucson. I think it's Will Cox or Benson. I'm saying to Ruth, "Wow, this is not going to be easy. She's got parents. I've got a dad." And here's what he did. He g he he he he gave such a bargain on that farm. Okay. So for us to pick up and say, "Hey, we're moving to Tucson. I don't have a job in Tucson. I don't know what I'm going to do." Okay. So we're talking together. And a lot of you know, you know, a lot of you know my wife. She's a very quiet person. She took the Bible and this is the very scripture she read to me. If God before us, who can be against us? That settled my heart. I went home. We lined up our machinery. We relined up all of our property. We didn't sell the land at first year. We rented to my cousins and we had an auction. And by uh I suppose February of 1968, February of 1968, we were on our way with a U-Haul behind a car, taking whatever belongs we could. Bought a 12x5 mobile home, lived in a trailer court. Amen. And we already had the three children. So the thing of it is at that very time at that very time when we had just barely moved there uh we started going to church, we started have going to prayer meetings and this is one I want to get to. Uh for one thing is in one of those prayer meetings. It was about that time my dad and his wife and her daughter came to visit us in Tucson. I had bought another small mobile home and put it in the court. So the thing of it is when they came they could stay right in that mobile home. Well, my dad and his wife and Patty, they went to one of the service on South Stone, which was a original Jewish tabernacle where Brother Breen first started a church. And uh and of course my dad was not used to long services, you know, the Lutheran was in and out, you know. So here, Brother Green service is about two hours, you know. So my dad was hot when he come out. He he he he was hot and it wasn't because of the air, but he uh he was up a little bit uptight. But of all things, you know, this lady's daughter, Patty, come to a prayer meeting and the president of the Lord came and brought her into this message. You see, here's here's where I I want to emphasize a little on this. You remember how I told how my bad attitude I had? I remember them coming to the farm one time and I just decided I'm going to go to the hog barn. I ain't even talking to her. That's how bad attitude I had. But that's how wrong we can be because we can't figure out God here. My dad, I'm resisting that marriage, but at the same time, she has a daughter that's a seed. So you never figure out God. So anyway, sitting under brother Green's ministry then and then we had barely got there and not knowing much about the message. So on Wednesday, one Wednesday night, he said, you know, I feel led I feel led to preach a series on the acts of the prophet. I'm going to call it the acts of the prophet. So he shared all that he had seen and heard with brother Brandham and uh and uh and so that became a a real eyeopener to my wife and I to understand a little more about brother Bam's ministry, what it was all about. And thereby we weren't really Bible readers. So, you know, we had to be we had to be led and taught into the scriptures and what what it was all about. And uh so even though I had had an experience in Minnesota, you know, I had to go through that justification, sanctification. But I don't know, some people receive the Holy Ghost in the church. Uh some receive it someplace maybe wherever they are. But I got it in our own local home. A couple came to our house, started talking about the Lord. We prayed together and that very night I got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I felt the power of God like I never had felt in my life just enter me just and and and and from that time on it was just a growing process. Growing process and it became a living reality to my own self. I know some of these other things now a lot of things maybe are strange to you and uh I was just saying to somebody recently uh when I when I took John 3 there the listing of the spirit you can't always explain things you know it's it's personal things that happen to you uh you can't always put it on paper for people so really it's personal so it doesn't really matter if anybody understands it or It's the main thing is that it's between you and God. So, we're in uh we moved in February of 68, 1973. I always had a uh I don't know what it was. I always I probably because of the visiting couple visiting ministers from of South Africa, but one of them was brother Willie Ret. Uh I shouldn't have probably brought up the name because there's a little story behind that. And one of them was brother Sydney Jackson. But uh uh I remember not not being in minister but in invited by a minister to pray with brother Willie Retif over some situation and he actually got a great victory and uh that happened in Tucson. So I don't I just had a a real liking I couldn't explain it. I I just I like something about I thought in the back of my mind in my my life I just uh something about South Africa. So in the meantime, my brother I don't think it ever come to fruition. In fact, I was sharing this with this gentleman that was in my house yesterday. But anyway, uh uh my brother had uh worked for a Jewish man and uh got quite acquainted with him. He was a a real wonderful employer to him and uh they got acquainted got talking a lot about Israel. My brother just felt like like the Lord had given him a plan. We'll never know if it ever went to fruition or not. I don't think it did, but anyway, I'm not sure. Anyway, my brother felt like he had a something from the Lord about drawing up a plan about a a small army tank and uh he presented it while he was over there, but like I say, I don't know what all happened there. So, they moved to Israel in 1973. I I don't remember what month it was. It wouldn't really make any difference. So at the same time we are we decided to go to South Africa. We don't even have a plan. We really don't have a plan but we decided to go there. We stay with somebody for a while then in Johannesburg. So uh here's what I'm going to get to. Sometimes you think you know what is great, what is big, what is huge. I'm not even a minister then. I'm not even a minister. So I'm going there. Uh we heard about the longs uh longs good name long. We heard about the longs in Rhodesia at that time and uh things like that and they moved down to Durban, South Africa after a few years. They were farmers got their land taken away in Rhodesia. So they moved down to South Africa. So uh anyway uh we go down there. So we we finally went to uh Durban where where the the great happening the racetrack happened and many things happened there uh that you've read about and heard about. So uh we were there a few months and uh I didn't work by grace of God we had enough finance and uh but we already had plans that we would go to Israel where my brother was. So, uh, we finally rented a little apartment. I don't even know how we could get it without having a job, but we got it by the grace of God. Bought our little Volkswagen car. Can you imagine? And we got four children already. And we're we're zipping up and down Durban. And we even uh, hate to say it, well, you know, we even had a couple more in there later on. couple couple brothers and sist one one brother and sister even their daughter I think so we were the uh I don't know what you call it what was that program they used to have with them people all writing in one one on top and inside and everything I don't know we all you're too young what you know so the thing of it is is that uh one day I don't know this sister came from England and I don't know if she had met uh one of the uh one of the sisters or but she came to our apartment. So a brother and I, we step out on the patio and we're talking and so I just I don't know if I wanted a drink of water or something. I was going to go and so uh I make the corner like this to go in the kitchen and I look and this sister it's now I may it might sound kind of crazy but it was almost like a snake. She was weaving like this up like this here. So I have never dealt with a demon before. But I said in the name of Jesus Christ come out of her. And she went like that down and she was delivered from that spirit. That's the first time I'd ever seen a spirit cast out. So I can't explain what we all were there for then. But even if it was one for one soul of deliverance. Yeah. So then after several months we decided it was time to go to Israel. So we went there in February. Let me see. The Yankee war was in 1973. We went that was October of 73. We came to Israel. That must have been February of 74. It was right at the end of the war, I think it was. And so, uh, in Israel, uh, there again, uh, you know, people ask you, "Well, what were you doing there? What were you doing there?" Uh, it might sound kind of crazy, but I don't have all the answers. I've had some great happenings. Uh we as a group, we turned out to be quite a few believers there that believe the message. We decided it wasn't our job to convert the Jews. We'll leave that to the two witnesses. But I had an experience like uh there's an older gentleman in nursing home there. He he came he was a Jew, but he had been in America. So he spoke English. Well, say just for instance now I met him on the sidewalk one day. What I would do if I would start talking to of course I never learned Hebrew. I just learned a few words but I couldn't put a sentence together. So whoever spoke English I get along with you know to to to try and speak to them. So I'm just talking away to this older gentleman at the sidewalk and the presence of the Lord just comes. I'm sharing everything that that I know about a gentile prophet coming to me as a gentile and I'm just sharing away. I'm just sharing away and he's standing and he's taking it in. And I'll tell you what, there was a presence that came over that that sidewalk where we were talking. And so as he moved down just a little ways down, he turned around and said, "I love you, Ray. I love you, Ray." There was a binding there. I talked to another Jew one time, a young man, and I just started sharing things with him. just starts sharing with him. He looks at me in my eye and he said, "Man," he said, "I wish you could talk to my rabbi." You see, we've got with that 144,000 going to know what we're going to have. You understand what I'm saying to them two witnesses. So, you know, we had a lot of different experiences there. I mean, a lot of different without trying to bring them to to what we thought they should get converted. You know, they they had enough of that. they had enough people over there trying to be, you know, Moses or Elijah or whatever else or or just trying to get him converted, you know, to Christianity and all of this here. So you know those things happened and uh in fact one time and I don't remember all the incidents but this was after we moved we we were first of all in Jerusalem then we went to a city along the Mediterranean called the Natania and there's where we work for a religious community called the cury sons and uh they were them black coats and black hats and you know just like you see the Amish and and the uh German Baptist and so on like that. So, uh, we worked for that community and, uh, you know, we tried to get by with, uh, a few words of Hebrew and a lot of quite a few people, one of them rabbi spoke English very well. He came from America and we, uh, we we did quite a bit with him, uh, in work and so on. And so, uh, it just comes about different things that happened there. Uh, I won't go into a lot. Let me see what I wrote down here. Uh, yeah. So uh then we moved back to uh we moved up to Jerusalem and uh my brother was a manager of a uh sugar and flour packing plant and a few of us brothers worked uh with him on that. Well, all of a sudden I just got real restless and Ruth got real restless too. It something something just wasn't just wasn't moving. Uh uh wasn't wasn't moving like it was. Uh, I was so peaceful in Natana, but in in Jerusalem, we weren't right in Jerusalem either. We was actually in the Arab section on the outskirts. So, that's probably part of it. It just wasn't the same feeling. And we weren't dealing with Jewish people, you know, we were dealing with the Jew the the man that we worked for was Jewish and but it was in a Arab section. So, uh, I got to back up a little bit. Am I too much? No. I back up a little bit. Time. uh I don't know what year it was but brother Green brought a uh tour uh he had gone there many times had some tremendous experiences there in that in in that nation uh the thing of it is that uh brother brother Tom and sister Marilyn Brown that are Bible believers some of you would know him some of you that moved here you wouldn't but uh they came on a tour sister Dao remember brother talking Brother Dao and Sister Dao. Sister Dao came. Uh the uh that would have been uh uh Brother Neville's daughter that's married to Craig Wood now. What's her name? Linda. Yeah, Linda. Wood. Her name is Wood Neville. She came uh I forget who came all together and then we got to know the Browns a little bit. So then they uh by the time we moved to Jerusalem, that was while we were in Natana. We were in Jerusalem. Brother Tom, sister Marilyn, brother Melon Fzen, and and his wife. Uh I think it was might have been sister Linda again. I'm not sure who it was. They came well. We had different apartments. So the Browns stayed with us. Uh brother Mel, sister maybe stayed with my brother. I can't remember. So we really got acquainted with the Fz and the Browns more now. So, we're getting this Ruth and I getting this feeling of uneasiness and uh uh all of a sudden it dropped into my heart by with that still small voice, you'll be going back to America. You'll be going back to America. So, I told Ruth, I said, I believe we'll be going back. Oh, no. Where are we going to go? Where are we going to go? So I got this scripture here. The Lord spoke to me. He spoke to me. I don't know. It just it was real. He he he was real. Well, I I don't know. Now, you know, we know because the opening of the word, this message, it be the Bible became a new book. I think brother Brandham told other George Smith, you go to Israel. You need to go to Israel, George. Sometime the Bible become a new book. And uh I had another time where the Lord really spoke to me directly. In fact, I never had it happen like that. I was laying in bed and there was a decision to be made in Israel whether to stay at that time or go home goes go. And my my sister-in-law saw that there again I was uneasy. I didn't know what to do. And that very night the scripture started coming to me in bed. So I got up and so I didn't want to wake my my family. So I got up in the bathroom turned on and the Lord spoke to direct to me. So that's how we stayed as long as we did. But in this time this scripture came to me. Depart ye Isaiah 52 verse 11 and 12. Depart ye depart ye. Go ye out from touch no unclean thing. Go ye out of the midst of her and be ye clean that bear the vessels of the Lord. How many believe we bear the vessels of the Lord? Amen. For you shall not go out with haste, nor go by flight, for the Lord will go before you. Oh God, and the God of Israel will be your re-reward. You know what? I saw that scripture come to pass because now what happened? One day the phone rings after this. It's Brother Tom Brown. Well, and I got ahead of myself. Whoa. It ain't going to have the same meaning. I'm sorry. Well, in 1977, we decided as a group we wanted to come back to the special meetings in Tucson, Arizona. Brother Green always had December meetings and at the same month that Brother Brandon passed away. I don't know where all the finance totally came from, but we were able to fly here. So I I ministered my first time and I can't really even say ministering, but we invited uh to one of the homes. They had a big living room some Mormon people. And uh one of the people said, "Ray, why don't you speak tonight?" My brother was actually the leader of the group at that time. So you know, I said, "Okay, I'll speak." Well, you know, I just spoke. I didn't, you know, I I I wasn't versed that great in the message, but I just spoke what was on my heart. And uh from that time on, uh I I kind of um well, even before this, I want to I don't know how many times I'm going to back up, but keep backing up. I'm feeling real good. I don't know about you. Good. But anyway, uh I kind of feel maybe I missed the Lord a few few years about the ministry, but there's no going back on that. I just maybe I felt maybe before we even left Tucson. I I can't verify that for sure. But anyway, then when we were coming back, I said, "Okay, I I I feel the start of the ministry." So, I get a hold of Brother Tom Brown and we already knew each other. Is it all right if I come by on the way to Tucson? Yeah, I'll come by. So, I already in Minnesota, there was a little work uh we didn't we didn't have that work when we got converted uh up there. You know, our experience with the Lord. We didn't know about it, but it was only about 35 miles from us. There was a little work started later on and that had something to do with brother Wartz from the sister Wartz area. remember and brother Brandham talking about brother Wartz out there on Sunset Mountain on where he was healed and that was that's that's they came from Minnesota. See that's where brother Bobby, you know where the boy lives today. So I I asked if I would come by there. Yeah. Okay. Brother Bartell was the pastor. I spoke there. Uh we knew a brother in Tukam Kerry, New Mexico. We stopped there. Yeah. Come on. So I there's my ministry started started ministry. See? So then we go to the means and we go back. So like I say, I'm going back now. I get this call from Brother Tom Brown. Hey, Brother Ray, I hear you're coming back to the States. Well, I know he The reason I think he heard is because we had talked to Brother Perry Green. And Brother Perry Green and Brother Tom Brown were very good friends. Very good friends. And so I think Brother Green had told Brother Tom. And Brother Tom said, "Hey, Brother Ree, how would you?" He didn't promise me. He say, "How would you like to come pastor church? How would you like to come minister?" He said, "How would you love to like to come to work for me?" I felt that scripture. Wait on the Lord. Don't depart. I'll make a way. And so we said, "Okay, that's the leadership of the Lord." That's what he spoke to me. He spoke to me through his word. Ruth, it's time to pack up. we're going. So, he provided I had still some money coming from the farm year by year that we had sold, but I didn't have the money then, but brother Tom said, "I'll pay your airline ticket." And when I got back here, we got the money, we paid them back, if I remember right. So, brother Tom at that time is uh he they had built a church, the church is there today. uh I think in 19 right at the maybe 76 maybe it was already built. Well, he wanted he wanted very much the brother Menof Freezen to be the pastor come from Canada and be the pastor. So the thing of it is is that uh he had been here once for a while but he had to go back and get some things together. So we we end up here in September of 78. So, uh, Brother Tom, uh, mainly they would play tapes in the meantime and once in a while he'd say, "Oh, brother Ray, uh, you know, you're welcome to minister this Sunday." And so that's kind of how how that got started here a little bit. And so, in the meantime, Brother Middle finally comes and his family, brings his family down, and he said, "Brother Reed, I want you to be my song leader and minister when I ask you to minister." So we became close together. So it was through his graciousness, through the brother Tom's graciousness and another Lucille, my daughter-in-law, S. Lucille Ericson, it was because of her father having them camp meetings that the first camp meeting probably we attended uh would have been uh August of 79. So he the first time he asked me just give my testimony my testimony. Then the ministry then he started asking me to minister. Brother Hillbrand came from Edmonton. They brought bus load down there. People were going there with camp. So it that's how I want to just you know I don't know all the young men that have the call are not here tonight. That's how the doors open in your ministry. You have a ministry doors will start opening. Something will happen if somebody will ask you start ministering. Sorry. And that's how that started here. Then uh uh then brother Minnow uh uh he he he he came to me one time and then and after No, he told brother Tom, I'll come and I'll try it for a year. Well, he was here about a year and a half and he came to me and said, "Brother Ray, I for some reason I just don't feel settled. I just don't feel settled." Uh so he uh he said you know um uh so he goes back but then he comes back again. He was back and well I know I'm not saying anything out of turn because I know he's given his testimony different times. So he he he just he didn't he couldn't find the will of God. So finally he said to me he said to me he said you know if you're coming this way I guess you got water here but sorry thank you. He came to me and said, "Brother Ray, I think you ought to stand for pastor." And uh I said, "Well, you know, I just put it before the Lord. I don't know exactly what uh so uh I was I was actually thinking about it and uh in fact, it was moving closer and closer. they were going. But in the meantime, they had somebody else come in and minister and uh and a lot of people took a liking to the ministry. I was just an infinite in the ministry. Uh to be honest with you, I I uh uh probably I mean I I I had a lot of people with me, but I I think some of the people thought I was a little immature to be the pastor and things like that, and I probably was. Uh and so uh the thing of it is is that uh uh at the last moment I was going to stand the last moment I I bowed out. I said no I'm not going. Well in the meantime a group from FTO started coming down some of you folks here from for none of you. Well brother Andy Brother Andy was in FTO but Andy uh there and uh so uh uh a group had come down. I baptized that whole group. And so when he found out this other brother was going to be the pastor, uh he got voted in. Of course, nobody was running against him. He got voted in. And the thing of it is is that uh I stayed for just a little while and then the people in Foster said, "Why don't you come? We want you to be our pastor." Well, I'm working full-time. Okay. I'm working full-time. And uh and uh besides trying to pastor up there, uh you know, we would have Thursday and Sunday just like we're having now. Thursday, I'd come home from work about I wouldn't get home till about 5. We had to leave. It was an hour and 50 minute drive. Uh you know, and uh so you know, it was it was it was barren on me and I was working uh physical labor, not just you know, in that time. And uh I'll just give this so so you can see how the Lord guides again. But uh so it went on for several years. And uh so it was just rush rush rush. The reason I started on Thursday night is because you know I've got children going to school. I've got to work. Uh I got to get up on uh you know if it was on Wednesday I'd have two more days of work. My children have two more days of school. So I decided hey we're going to have church on Thursday. That way we only got one more day to battle it. and uh and uh and so that's how that Thursday night, you know, a little unorth unorthodox. We're not Orthodox Gentiles. Untraditional. Yeah. So that's how that happened. But uh you know, then all then what happened is uh all of a sudden people from down here in Lima started coming up there. They wanted to sit on my ministry. Well, uh I want to I want to say something. I had a brother that I became quite close to. Uh, and I I won't name his name, but uh now because uh I'm not even sure where he's at with the uh ministry right now. Uh I know they became tape hearers, but uh and that's that's that's okay for him because he was a real buddy. But uh one of the things, you know, God can use anybody. Use anybody. But my uh my ministry uh he started coming up the false story with us, his family and him and he he would just he was very studious in the message. Very studious. He wasn't a minister. You don't have to be a minister to be studious. And uh he started sharing some things with me of the what what what I didn't even know the phrase opening of the word. Okay. What we know today he started sharing things about the opening of the word. And after sharing many things with me, it was like a light bulb went on. And from that time, my ministry started changing. It just started changing. And I said, "Wow, this is something." Uh, you know, how uh it's becoming open to me. This word is becoming open to me now. And so uh then like I say, all of a sudden people say, "Okay, we want to come to Fostori. We come." Well, we really weren't drawing people hardly at all from Fostoriia anymore. And uh let me see what year we went there. We went there in 19 uh my wife helped me, Ruth helped me with some of these dates. 1982 uh we started in Fostoriia. Yeah. And so uh in 1990 we started in Bluffton. So, because there was several people coming, uh, I thought, my be nice if we could find some place mid mid midway, you know. Well, I don't even know how I guess we drove through the city of Bluton, must have saw a forale sign on that old church. Uh, there was a Church of Christ down there downtown. And so, uh, we called I called the number and I became acquainted with one of the, uh, I'm going to have to have some more. Go ahead. Brother Ronnie knew it already. Thank you. Uh where was I at? You you and brother Don looking at the church. Oh yes. And then uh I got a hold of brother Don McNoli and uh and and a couple of the other brothers and I said, "Hey, you know, uh we need to go look at this building." And uh they were asking $75,000. Well, we weren't a very big group and I was always the type whether it's for me personally or the church never wanted to put people in in a real bad debt and uh so it was a little scary but we just felt uh so but I became very close to one of the board members. I don't know why he took a line to me. I took a line to him and uh he finally I said oh no sir uh uh that's a lot of money for us. Well, he said, "Ray, give an offer. Give an offer." So, I told one of the brothers, I said, "What what do you think we should offer?" Um, well, in the meantime, oh, I could go on and on, but we I'll have to cut it out. Oh my goodness. It's 8:30 over there. So, that's all right. Getting to the good part now. Yes. Uh uh, one of the brothers, I I I said, you know, uh, oh, a a brother that had gone to one of the other sister churches here. He was a realtor and he calls me up on Saturday night of all things and he said, "Hey, brother Ray, would it be all right if I come to Fosteria tomorrow?" I said, "Well, it's up to you." "Yeah, you're welcome." He's a He's a visitor. I was right at the time when you're dealing with this church. So, he said, "I'll help you. I'll help you there." And we go there and so they bring their whole board and they go downstairs and us brothers are upstairs. I said, "What do you think we should offer?" I don't know if it was me or but I blasted out said 35,000. One of the brothers looked at said, "Man, you're going to offend [Laughter] them." So I said, "Well, you know, uh, let's do it." So, you know, they they went downstairs to the room and give them that bid and they come and said, "No, we can't take 35,000." They find we went back and forth. Okay. So the finally they said they came right out and said listen we can't take any less than 55,000 because we've already appropriated for an orphanage. It has to go to an orphanage and it has to be that amount. Then we said okay we'll take it. Well you know it just took a few years and we able to pay for it you know. So the thing of it is that yeah like I say and I'm I'm going to end it now. I'm coming to the end of it. How many say amen? In 1990 we moved to Bluton. Then that's when we started there. And so what was that by the Wayne? Was that five six years ago we got the other building now? Okay. 20 in 20 March 20. March of 20 2020. So five years. Yeah. Five years we've been there in the new building. And you see how the Lord has multiplied and uh and uh thank the Lord he brought brother Wayne and he brought all these ministers all his help in the church and uh you see how the Lord has added onto the church like in the book of acts and uh you know and uh I just if I can just share this one thing and I'll close the reason it affected me about my experience is yesterday what happened in my home. I had called a company in Walpock about doing some gutter work on my church or my my house. I was having some trouble. And this young man comes out and he's doing some measuring and he comes in the house and we I said, you know, come on in the sun room. And so uh we started just talking natural things. And uh and uh I said, "How long have you worked for the company?" He said, 'Well, actually, I became I just I don't know when it was, but it must have been pretty recent. He said, 'I just became recently the owner of it. I said, ' Wow, you look really young. He's only 30ome years old. And he said, yeah. He said, uh, it's been a blessing. Well, that just immediately I said to him, are you a Christian? He said, yes, sir, I am. I said, I am, too. and a not only a Christian, but I'm a pastor. And I'll tell you what, the door opened and I he they don't even have a church that they're steady going to. He's bouncing around here and there. He said, "I came out of the Catholic church just like my neighbor." You remember my neighbor? He said, "I came out of the Catholic church." So I started just sharing with him about the church ages, you know, and I said, 'I don't know uh you know what you all believe and and and you know because I I I can't remember all what I spoke and all of a sudden the presence of God dropped in that room. It was so powerful. And I said, "I don't know how much uh how much you believe or how much you share." He said, "You might be surprised." I said, "Have you ever heard of William Brandon?" He said, "I've heard of him. I've just heard of him." But it just kept on rolling. It just kept on rolling. And and and uh and he witnessed. He said, "I said, "My, I felt the presence of the Lord there. uh uh his name is Zach Zachary and he said I did too Ray I felt his presence and he said you know what I had another appointment after this but that was cancelled he said it must have been the providence of God that we're sitting here speaking what we're speaking so incidentally brother Wayne I I haven't uh told you yet but I asked you know if it was all right to get the acts of the prophet and you said you believe every family should have well I hadn't told you, but I got a shipment already and and uh I wanted to talk to you about uh giving them out because there's only enough like one for a family. Well, you haven't got enough for every young person, but and I don't even know if we got one for a family. But the thing of it is I was hoping I had a church age book, but I didn't have I had my own, but it's all, you know, that's as old as and that's been. So, I'm looking in there and but uh I had the prophet there. So, I said, you know, uh Zach, he said to Zack, he didn't say Zachary. He said, "My name is Zach." I said, "Zack, you know, I've got this book I'd like to give to him. uh you can receive it or if you don't feel like receiving it's up to you. He said, "No, I'll take it." I came out of the uh and I showed him what it was and I showed him. But I said, "I'd really like you to get this church age book being you came out of the Catholic church is going to explain from the book of Acts and on there, you know." And so he said, "What was the name of that again?" And he wrote it down the paper. I believe we'll be in contact again something. So you pray for his name. I didn't get his last name. His name is Zachary. Okay, thank you for your time. I just I just trusting it'll be a blessing to you. But that's my life story. [Applause]
