################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-07 - 'How Big Our God Is' - Bro. Ron Spencer - Saturday June 7 , 2025 - Ron Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-07
Title:   'How Big Our God Is' - Bro. Ron Spencer - Saturday June 7 , 2025
Speaker: Ron Spencer
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62N7UPfyX3I
========================================

[Music] Oh, you I [Music] [Applause] [Music] wonder. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you so much. [Music] I love you. [Music] All together love thee. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. Light of the world. Oh, light of the world. You step down into darkness. Oh my eyes. Let me see. This heart I save you. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to sing. You're my God. You're all together. Love me. All together. All together. Wonder for you to [Applause] me. He's the king of all. Oh, glorious. [Applause] Oh, how you gave to the earth you [Music] cate for the sake. We came. So here I am to worship. Here I am. Here I am to see you're my God. Oh, you're all together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. So here I am to worship. Here I am to here I am to say you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together [Applause] worthy to me. I'll never know. I'll never know how much it cost. to see [Music] my go to see I'll never know [Music] to see my s. So here I am to work. Let's all stand tonight. Here I am to see my all together love all together worthful to [Music] me. Hallelujah. Lord, shine on me. Lord, shine on me. So let the light from the lighthouse have shine on me. Oh [Music] [Applause] sh from the [Music] [Applause] lighthouse shine on me. Oh yes Lord shine on me. Oh [Applause] [Applause] [Music] sh Lord. Shine on me. Shine on me. Live the light. Oh, shine on me. Hallelujah. So good to be together once again in service tonight. Welcome each one here among us, any of our guests that are with us in our gates tonight. May the Lord bless you. Looking forward to the service this evening. Amen. Certainly appreciated the anointed word last night. Amen. In due season. Feeling so much better talking about this good old way. Feeling so much better. Well, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Well, I'm feeling so much better. Well, I'm feeling so much better talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this way. Let's go talking about the Lord. Well, the devil, he don't like it. Talking about this little way. The devil, he don't like it. Let's go. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Well, I'm feeling so much better. Oh, I'm feeling so much better. Well, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Oh, the devil, he don't like it. The devil, he don't like it. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this little way. Let's go on. Oh, talking about the Lord. Well, I'm feeling so much better. Oh, I'm feeling so much better. So, let's go. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about this world. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Hallelujah. Anyhow, I'm never going to let the devil get me down when life's trials come my way. Oh [Music] my hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I never come my way. Hallelujah. Once again, hallelujah. Single. I'll never I'll never never come my way. [Music] Well, the love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful love. With the love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus. All we singing about is love tonight. It's so wonderful. Oh, wonderful love. Well, it's so high you can't get over it. So low you can't get under it. So why you can't get around it? Oh wonderful love. Oh the love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh wonderful. It's so high. It's you can't get all so low. You can't. It's so high. [Music] Yes. Oh, shake one another's hands tonight. [Music] going. Well, it's so high. It's so low. Oh, well it's so [Music] wide. Oh, yes. The love of Jesus. She is so wonderful. Love Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Wonderful. Praise God. Hallelujah. How many is clothed with a garment of praise tonight? Amen. After last night, how could we not come? Ready to praise him. Amen. Thank the Lord Jesus. All glory to our Lord this evening as the brothers come for the evening offering. We'll be taking an offering this evening at this time. Brother Jonathan, if you'd come and lead us to Lord in prayer this evening. I had a testimony here from Sister Jennifer Lines. It says, "I have been asking for prayer because of my cheop did not work and I had a biopsy in my mouth months ago that they said was either benign or benign or malignant. If it was malignant, it could would be a whole new rare cancer called multiple myyoma. And I would have to get more scans. I got my port taken out on Monday because they couldn't get it working. And on Wednesday, the doctor from Cleveland Clinic who specializes in multiple myoma sent me a message saying the plasmosytosis is from inflammation and not cancer. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I do not need a poor any longer. Hallelujah. Jesus praise his holy name forever. So we thank God for coming on the scene for our sister and for seeing her through this ordeal. Amen. Our God is more than able. We thank God with testimony after testimony and living witnesses among us here this evening to God's faithfulness and healing of cancer. Amen. So we thank the Lord for that. Amen. And if you have a need, let's agree together with our brother as he prays. Father, we're so appreciative of your grace upon our lives. Father, we rejoice around this testimony. Father, you're truly an awesome, amazing God. And you're the high priest of our confession. Lord Jesus, we lift our our hearts with true worship and adoration and thanksgiving to you, Lord. I thank you, Father, for the word that we received last night. And Father, we're truly kings and priests. And Father, we're truly just offering the sacrifice of praise and joy before your throne of grace this evening. Father, we just invite you into this meeting this evening. We ask that you would have preeminence. Father, we would just ask that you would meet every need, discern every heart, Lord, just speak through your servant, Father. And Lord, our hearts are open to receive. Father, we would just ask that you would bless this offering, Father. Lord, we give all these things unto you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated as I receive the offering. Brother David and Sister of Faith, if you come sing for us tonight, let's enjoy the singing tonight. Sorry. [Music] I stood in the courtroom. The judge turned my way. It looks like you're guilty. Yeah. Now, what do you say? I spoke of your honor. I have no defense. Come on. But that's when mercy [Music] walked [Music] mercy to the Heat. Heat. [Music] I cover my [Music] s. I stood there and wondered. How could this be? that someone so guilty. Yes, sir. Has just been set free. Here we go. My chains are my [Music] fra mercy. Thank you. [Music] Mercy walking and pleading my case. Call to the sand of God's saving grace. The blood was presented that cover my sin forgiven with mercy all that second verse. air and waters. How could this be? Someone so guilty had just been set [Applause] free. My chains were I felt born again. for that moment that mercy walked in. [Music] Mercy walked in and plead my [Music] case called to the s of God sed [Applause] I cover my sins. Forgiven with mercy walking. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, the blood was presented that cover my s for mercy. Walking. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, how many is a witness of his mercy? Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank the Lord Jesus. Oh, we can be free tonight. Thank the Lord for that. Brother David and Sister Faith, we're not here to collect YouTube views, right? Or put on clickbait. Come on. We're here to serve the Lord and worship the Lord tonight. We can take away all cameras, all streaming. We're just here to have church tonight. Come on. And let me tell you, let me tell you. This is not a perfect church. This is not a perfect church. But you're a perfect people. Amen. So then you can be free tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank the Lord Jesus. Our God knows about all things. Amen. Brother Johnny and sister Linda come in here. They have their home on wheels out there and they were they've been was over on the east coast some southeast and he told me last night um they were coming up through Cincinnati across the state line river there I guess and talked to sister Linda's sister I believe they were they were going to come to Lima and just passing through and just just that morning was it Thursday morning she told her that you we had meetings this weekend and it had been on his heart even before that when he was he thought about going to Virginia to pass through brother Ron and greet brother Ron's sister Connie and and let them meet his wife personally and that was on his heart and he had known brother Tim Puit for 52 years and hadn't seen him for a while and then just Thursday morning he found out they're going to be here this weekend so [Music] Coincidence? I think not. I think not. Not when you're a child of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you [Music] praise because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are." Because of who you are, I give you glory. Hallelujah. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Hallelujah. because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra my Jehovah sing Lord you reign in victory Jehovah [Music] for my praise of Lord I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Because of who you are. Because of who you are. I give you glory. Because of who you are. Because of who you are. I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will hear my voice and sing. Lord, I worship you because of you, Lord. I worship you because of you. You are [Music] my Jehovah. [Applause] [Music] You are my praise. Lord I worship Lord I worship you because of who you are. Lord I worship Lord I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Jehovah. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Oh, Lord I Lord I worship Lord. I worship you because of you are. I love you, Lord, and I live my Lord. Oh, to worship, worship you. Oh my [Music] Oh [Music] my you baby. Oh, may be a [Music] [Applause] [Music] sweet. Hallelujah. Amen. I certainly believe tonight that the worship of the people of God, Amen. the the praises that are going up, Amen. The Bible tells us that God inhabits those praises. If you study that word and inhabit it means that when you begin to praise him, you give him a seat. So when you're in the middle of a trial or some kind of situation, you think, well, there's just no way out of this and I can't. What what you really need is you need the Lord in it. So the way to involve the Lord in it is give him a seat in the middle of it. And when you begin to worship him and you begin to praise him, you have just invited him to become in the center of your trial or the center of your problem. What a tremendous word we heard last night. Amen. About the praise of God. Amen. What a what a tremendous blessing. Amen. From our brother Tim Puit. And what a what a word. Amen. What a blessing. Amen. It's such a honor to see each of you that is here tonight, our friends and the the church and the the visitors that are able to be here. We say God bless you. You're certainly welcome here at the gates. And we worship our we worship our Lord Jesus and and we uh we we want you to enjoy him and love him and give your heart to him and feel free to do that here in the building tonight and just love him with all your heart. Amen. I u it is a real honor that we're able to have a prayer line tonight and if you have special needs of course Amen. I I know that the spirit of the Lord will be working through the word of God as it is being spoken. Amen. And so we ask that uh that may the Lord just in enhance and build you in each one of these. I want to share something uh out of here ye him right here in Lima, Ohio. Brother Bram says, "Now Lord, that through the word of the living God and through his word they may find faith for salvation for the soul and healing for the body." And may we live, if possible, to see the day that when the great ransom church of God will stand united together in the full Bible with all of the powers of the resurrection operating through their members. I I I tell you when brother man preaches those sermons once more, Lord, and he's talking about Samson and Yes, sir. You know what he's describing is that Samson was a mighty man, a mighty warrior, and then and then something Samson gave away his secret. And do you know the secret of the church is the fire behind the veil. That's right. Amen. It's that it's that it's that logos that dynamics of God that's behind that's the secret. Don't never give it away. Amen. And when he gave it away, he just become a common man and he could be bound and he could become blind and he was shaven in his power. Brother Bram makes it clear that he's talking about the Pentecostal church and he's saying that she gave away her secret and she went to buildings and she went to socials and organizations and they they got programs instead of the power of God. And he said they lost the the power of the church. And he said now it had just as many members ever had. And he's speaking of Samson having all of his members. He had his he all had his members. He said, "But they were just no power in them." But he said when Samson began to regrow his hair, he said his locks begin to come back. And brother Brandon said when he reached back there and felt those locks, he knew the covenant was with him. And that's when he cried once more, Lord. And he wanted the strength to reach the members of his body. that it wouldn't just be a memory that there was power in the church, but that strength that once was would be right there present in that very moment. And he cried once more. And when Brother Brandham does that, if you if you're a tape listener, you'll hear toward the end of the sermon and he'll talk about that covenant is the Holy Spirit. And brother Bram was saved when Samson reached back and touched that lot. And when he says that, he begins to discern someone. He begins to tell them what their name is, where they're from. He said, "There it is. says, "Do you feel the lock? Do you feel it, church? The covenant is still with us. The Holy Ghost is still here." And when he did that, he cried out once more. "Let the power fill every member." I I don't know about you tonight, but I want to see Bible resurrection power in every member in every part of this assembly. That his strength would be there tonight. Amen. As we want to thank God, we want to invite him tonight. We want to invite him in a in a miraculous way knowing that there is nothing too hard for our God. Whatever you have need of tonight, there is nothing too hard for our God. Amen. If we give it to him tonight, we are very highly honored to have with us tonight, Brother Ron Spencer. Amen. Uh we also have Sister Connie here somewhere. God bless you, Sister Connie. We we so appreciate you uh uh bringing brother Ron and escorting him up here and and coming with him and spending your weekend with us and Amen. They're they're they're very special to True Word Tabernacle. They've been coming here. Brother Ray started him coming here twice a year sometimes since 94. So they go way back and uh and and and then uh we go way back with him as well. Amen. But we certainly have seen God use brother Ron in such a very unique and special way for the Lawson family. God has used brother Spencer very much used him. I uh I get up very often and I hold my little Eevee and I think about when the Holy Spirit gave us that that miraculous birth and God had used man to pray. Yeah. And you know uh one thing we know is this that God is able but God works through man. God works through agents. Amen. and and and I I know that tonight that God could use our brother and if you begin to pull and the Holy Spirit begins to speak, there'll be people leave this building tonight and say, you know, I was really sick when I came in or I had this problem and and then tomorrow they'll be able to say that that that thing that it was dealing with, that situation, that thing, it's it's just been changed. It's just gone. And we we certainly believe that tonight. Now, Brother Ron, uh we we so thank him for coming. He's a dear friend of ours, a very powerful man of God. Uh he loved of all of you. We want to give him his liberty tonight. We want him to come and take his liberty. Amen. That God would use him, Amen, to the to the dictates of his heart. Amen. Let's just sing. Amen. As brother Ron would come. God bless you. Kill my God, Lord. I live it up, [Music] Lord. Come away. is thirsting up my [Applause] [Music] soul. bread of [Music] [Applause] heaven. Here's my love. Build up and make [Music] [Applause] [Music] me. Let's sing it again. Yes. Feel my God, Lord. [Music] I live in the Lord. Come the first of my soul. Where [Music] we [Music] want here and make We know. [Music] Isn't it wonderful to serve a living God? A God that hears and answers our prayers. Don't just crush us every time that we get into a spot. That's right. But he cares. Thank you. I'm glad to serve a a God that cares. Amen. [Music] It's good to have a friend that cares. A doctor that cares. Yeah. But isn't it great to have a God [Music] that really cares? Amen. We're so honored to be with you this weekend and feels like home. and we so love you with all of our hearts that we we so wish that we could go and spend time with you. But but one day, yeah, one day. Amen. One day. We so love brother Ray and his family and brother Wayne and his family. So glad to be with my buddy, Brother Tim. Somehow somehow in his life, he must have did something wrong to get stuck with me. I apologized to him before service. I said, "I'm sorry that you're stuck with me and seems like to be a pretty good team." And so, all right. Amen. We've been through some real difficult times together. And he's been a buddy to to help me through this journey of of cancer. And uh you know, it's good to have a buddy. Amen. It's good to have a buddy. I'd like to thank you again for every prayer that you pray. We thank you for all of that. And so doctors say that I'm the most well-looking sick man they've ever seen. And so so I take that as a compliment. And so glad to have Sister Connie with me today. And Amen. We so love her with all of our hearts. And she's a trooper. She's an absolute trooper. Maybe we just talk to him now. Here's what I would like for you to do. I would like for you personally to invite him to where you're at. He'll come if you invite him. Brother Brandham said he comes where he's invited. So won't you invite him now? Heavenly Father, we love you with all of our hearts. We just don't have words in our English language to be able to say how much we love you. Now we have stepped to this place of duty. Now you have laid things on our hearts and I ask you today that you would speak to us in a special way. I too have [Music] needs and you are such a wonderful God that cares and hears every one of our prayer from the greatest to the least. Lord, we love you. And we come to this evening on a Saturday evening. Sure, there's millions of things to do, but we come to serve you. And we ask you, we invite you to where we're at, Lord. We have needs. There was a woman that that came into your meeting and she wasn't satisfied with being on the back row. She pressed her way and she said, "If I can only touch the hem of his garment, I know I'll be whole." Now, she came to that meeting one way, but she would leave a complete different way. I trust that's the way that we've came this afternoon. We've came one way, but if we touch the hem of your garment tonight, we know we'll be well. Touch us now. Thank you for this opportunity. We don't take it for granted. Bless this people. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. If you will turn with me to Genesis chapter 22 and verse 10. Thank you. It's our secret. Yeah. Very familiar portion of scripture, but all of them are. And Abraham stretched forth his hand and took the knife to slay his son. And the angel of the Lord called unto him out of the heaven and said,"Abraham, Abraham." And he said, "Here am I." And he said, "Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou anything unto him. For now I know that thouast fearest God. and seeest, thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, from me." And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold, behind him a ram caught in the thicket by his horns. And Abraham went and took the ram and offered it him up for a burnt offering in thestead of his son. And Abraham called the place of that place Jehovah Gyra. As it is said to this day, in the mount of the Lord, it shall be seen. And the angel of the Lord called unto Abraham out of heaven the second time, and here's where we want to emphasize, "And said,"By myself have I sworn, saith the Lord. For because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, that in the blessing I will bless thee, and in the multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand, which is upon the seashore. Thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemy. Yeah. and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed because thou hast obeyed my voice. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated this evening. I'd like to speak to you and there's no way that I can cover this, but maybe I'll just get a little sliver of it tonight and and you might enjoy it just a bit. I'd like to talk to you about how big our God is. Amen. How big our God is. Now, it's something that we forget at times. Yeah. Right. We forget it when we get into a trial or we forget it when we get into a problem. Yeah. But I'd like to just pause for a little bit after that masterpiece last night and I'd like to talk to you about how big he is. There's just no God like our God. He's a God that fills all time, space, and eternity. And I don't even think that we can define that. Uh we just can't define how great big he is. Right. and and he is the most powerful that there can be. Brother Brandham would say these words and I thought it was a nice way to start the service. While we have our heads bowed, I want I want person who you're sitting next to. I want you to lay your hands over on that person next to you. Just lay your hands on them inside or out. No matter where you are, lay your hands on the one another. I don't care what you have a need of. That doesn't matter a bit. I don't care where the person is. Might be across the seas, across the oceans. No matter where it is, God covers all space, time, fills, all time. He's omnipotent. He's on the present. He's infinite. He's here now. He hears our prayers. The Bible said that these signs shall follow them that believe. And each one of you are a believer. If you'll lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. Now, I want you to just think about how powerful prayer is. Brother Bradom said it's one of the most powerful weapons in the world. He said prayer, he says, has more power than an atomic bomb. That's quite a statement. Yes, sir. said, "When the weakest of Christians goes on their knees, not a bishop, not some great presbyter, not your favorite pastor, but when the weakest, so Satan's doing himself much detriment, telling you how weak you are, cuz it actually pulls you into a quote." When the weakest of Christians go on their knees, the kingdom of hell shakes. [Applause] How f how powerful prayer is. Moses prayed and a Red Sea opened up. Yeah. Not only opened up to bring deliverance to the children of Israel, but it destroyed the greatest army in the earth. Yeah, Daniel prayed and lions laid down. And he had a wonderful night. But the same lions, same lions ate up his adversary. Elijah prayed. Yeah. And then he outrun all the horses. Yeah. 40 miles. Yeah. Some of you might want to pray tonight. Here recently in our Pentagon, our new administration has put in a new a new accord there that the Pentagon, the believers or Christians will gather And they'll take 30 minutes. Yeah. On time. On government time. Not your lunch time, but on government time. I'm thankful we've turned that way. And And they gather and they have a worship service for 30 minutes. I thought it was interesting. I I thought, well, maybe I'll I'd like to listen to the first speaker. So Headsup invited his pastor, a local guy from Kentucky, has a little bitty church. And I thought, "This ought to be interesting." And he walks through the pull pit and he gives delivers 11 minute sermon. I've already took 11 minutes. And he delivers 11 minute sermon. one of his opening statements, I think it's good for us as well. And he said, "You're the most powerful people on the earth. You're in charge of the most powerful weapons known to man." Yeah. And he made a statement. He said, "But you're not God. You're not God. So don't make God decisions. Don't blow up nations. Yeah. Just over a whale or a disagreement. Yeah. Be responsible with the power that you have. What are you going to do with that, Brother Ron? Well, I want I want to just Can I use some of those words? You're the most powerful people on the earth. Yes, sir. That's right. And you are God's. Amen. Yes, sir. Come on. But be responsible. Yes, sir. Amen. Be responsible. You got the greatest weapons that there is. Don't waste your 24 hours in a day. And remember, none of us are brother Brandham. None of us would pretend to be brother Brandham. But we have the power of God at our disposal to pray for the sick and and the sick be healed. None of us can heal one another. We know that. But we can sure pray for one another. I need your prayers. And and I I I trust that I can pray a prayer for you that will help you. I want you to think about what God is doing with Abraham. And he begins to tell him of how big it is. And he reminds him that Abraham, I'm going to bless your seed. Can you count the sand of the sea? Now, let me just remind you, you go out to the wet sand that's on the shore and you pick it up. It's impossible to count just the grains that you can have in your hand. But God said, "The sand of all the seashore." And he asked him a question. Can you count the stars? Come on. I wrote the first Bible. Can you count the stars? He's reminding him. I'm a big God. [Music] That's right. Let's just listen to a couple of quotes. Brother Brown said there was never one like it on the earth. Never will be. He was Emmanuel. He was alpha, omega, the beginning and the end. He that was, which is, which shall come, the root and the offspring of David, the morning star. In him dwelleth deity. In him was God. Amen. Brother Ron, that's simple. Well, what happened to all those trinitarians? They didn't catch it. That's right. He says in God's provided place of worship. He said God Jehovah, Savior, Emmanuel, the door of the sheepfold, he that was, which is, and shall come, the root and the offspring, the root of the offspring of David, the morning star, the lily of the valley. Oh God, how wonderful. No wonder Isaiah said, "Counselor, prince of peace, the mighty God, the everlasting father." Yes, sir. In adoption, he said, "For he said, I am he that was, which is, and shall come. I am the root and the offspring of David, the morning star. I am Alpha and Omega. That's A and Z in the and the Greek alphabet. I am from A to Z. I am I am all in all. That's right. I'm he that was alive and was dead and is alive forever more. I have the keys of death and hell. Oh my. Every nugget that you pick up here and start polishing, it'll polish right into Jesus. Seven church ages, he said. But it's plainly says here in Revelation that Jesus is that which is, that which was, that which is to come, and he is alpha and omega. the Almighty. He is the rose of Sharon, the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star, the righteous branch, the father, son, and the holy ghost. He is God. He's the almighty God. One God. Revelation 21 and verse one. And I saw a new heaven. Yes. Yeah. And a new earth for the first earth were passed away. And there was no more sea. And I, John, saw the holy city which the new Jerusalem coming down from God out of heaven prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, "Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people." I don't want to lead you out of the mix. Your amen should have been better. Yes. Amen. Amen. And I hear heard a great voice out of heaven saying, "Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God." Amen. And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death. Boy, I feel like shouting right here. There shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither there shall be any more pain. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Never a hospital be built there. We won't build armies to fight a war. [Applause] Never be another sorrow. Hallelujah. Let it never be another cross word. Never be another habit that you have to fight. Thank you, Lord. Yes, sir. And the former things are passed away. And he that sat up on the throne said, "Behold, I make all things new." Hallelujah. And he said unto me, "Write, for these words are true and faithful." And he said unto me, "It is done. I am alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. And I will give unto him that is a thirst of the fountain of the water of life freely. And he that overcomemeth shall inherit all things, and I will be his God, and he shall be my people, my son. I want to just bring you in in Job chapter 38. There's a lot of us sitting here that's had some bad days. Yes, sir. Sure. There's a lot of us here that's had some bad days. This thing working, sir. There's a lot of us here that's had some bad days, right? But none of us come on. None of us have had a day like Job had. Job did not get a letter from heaven saying, "I have bragged about you to the devil. That's right. My arch enemy. I've had a testimony service about you that I have confidence in you. See, God doesn't have confidence in your flesh. He has confidence in the seed that he placed on the inside of you. That's where his confidence. And brother Brandon will say, he says, "God has confidence in Abraham because he fellowship with him." That's right. Then he's had confidence in you because he's fellowshipped with you. Maybe a warm presence that comes in your home and you just feel him walk by. Maybe it's in a service. All of a sudden something becomes supernatural and you know it's not just another service. He's took time to be with you. The God that's that fills all time space and eternity takes time. Amen. Yes, Lord. I want you to notice a couple things about this reading. He said, "Then the Lord answered Job out of a whirlwind, and said, Who is this that darkeneth counsel by the words without knowledge? Good up thy loins like a man, for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me." He asked him a question. Yeah. Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare if thou has understanding. Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest, or who has stretched the line upon it? Whereupon are the foundations there are fastened? Or who laid the corner thereof? Yeah. when the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy. Yeah. I want you to catch a couple things here. And I know you're you're so well taught almost feels intimidating to speak to you, but but let me just let me just say this to you. God doesn't come down and have a pity party. [Applause] God doesn't come down and brush his hair and tell him you've been a good boy through your trials and you know he doesn't come down and talk about anything that's going on. That's right. He reminds him how big he is. He reminds him of how big a God that I am. Where was you? Yeah. So he begins to remind him, you were in my mind. You are an attribute, a thought that is expressed on the earth. Where was you at, Job? Remember where you was at when I laid the foundations of the earth when I did all this and created all this? Where was you at? I want to tell you, Job, I had you in my mind. Yes. You get it? Yes, sir. No matter what trial that you're in today, if God is having a conversation with you in this service, he's reminding you. I'm not coming to give you a pity party. I'm not coming down to that level. I want to raise you up to where I'm at. It's good up here. I want to raise you up. I want to encourage your faith. [Applause] Yes. Praise God. Hebrews 13:8 is the theme of this message. I want to remind you of it. Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever. He's a God that has never changed. He's never lied. He's never been in a crisis. He's just as powerful today as he ever was. That's right. When he says, "I am the first and I am the last." Then he says, "And beside me there is no God." Amen. Brother Bram says, "You don't underestimate Jesus Christ." Cuz he's the power over all powers. Amen. Don't be afraid of Satan. As long as you're in him, but if you're not in him, that's right, you better tremble. If you're not in Jesus today, you need to change teams. [Applause] cuz our God is undefeable. [Applause] Those are not just pretty words that Brother Brandham says in uh an invincible army. Amen. That's not just good words. They're truth. If you're on God's side, you're invincible. Glory to God. If you're in him, not even death itself can harm you. You're free from all fear. So, let's just remind ourselves, he controls everything. He controls nature. He controls the waves of the sea. And the sea going in or coming out can be measured by inches. He conquered all sin. There's no sin that God can't conquer. There's no sickness that God can't heal. [Applause] [Music] That's right. Yes, sir. And remember, he's the God of past, present, and future. You may have been raised in difficult circumstances, but this God is the God of love. He don't force you to love him. That's right. He don't beat you around. I'm sorry if you've been under ministries that have beat you and beat you. Listen, we're on a love gospel. [Music] Are you with me? God don't force you. That's right. But you got a dress code. But God has pro he has give you that to protect you. But that's so difficult. It's because it's difficult, you're on the wrong team. [Music] But once you get Jesus in your life, come on. Well, brother Ron, I I just I there's just so much for me to have to give up. Really? Really? Friends that are leading you to hell, I I'll give them up. Habits that are destroying your body, I'll give them up. Alcohol and drugs that are taking your brain cell, I'll give them up. [Applause] Well, I I you know I you know I hate to miss all the parties. Welcome to Saturday night. Hallelujah. Now, those that were in bottles, you understand what I'm saying right there? You know, you would you would get drunk on Saturday night. Well, this is about the same. You'll get drunk here tonight. Amen. And you know, the best way to help a drunk on Sunday morning is just come to hear the preacher tomorrow morning and get another drink and you'll be drunk the rest of the week, sir. And there's no hangover. There's just no hangover. [Applause] Preach, brother. I want to remind you there's nothing too hard for God. That's right. Where we limit him is we in our human thinking. In our human thinking. We begin to put limits on God. But let me just say this to you. If God is your partner, right, you better have big plans. Tell your neighbor that one. Yeah. That's a good one. I told Brother Wayne this. I saw the size of the building that you're building and I just looked at him and said, "It's not big enough. Yeah. Amen. Right. That's right. Well, brother Ron, that's positive thinking. Well, when David walked off of the hill, he wasn't thinking about how big a tombstone they're going to build for him or what kind of memorial they're going to get for him, he just didn't pick up one stone. He picked up five. Cuz after you defeat the first demon, you know you're going to do it. He's got brothers. You're going to go from victory to victory to victory to victory. You're going to live in victory because you got a big job. Brother Ron, you must have read a positive book before you came here. Well, I did. Let me just give you a couple of quotes. And we know that all all things that work together for the good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. And moreover, whom he did predestinate, then he also called. You know, great big God don't just call you and then throw you away. If you ever thought of you, you are as eternal as he is eternal. And whom he called them, he also justified. And so if the devil is beating you over your back with condemnation to what you used to be in, I want you to remind you. I want to remind you when you give those sins to God and you ask him to forgive you and he changes your life, you're as justified as though you never did it in the first place. You may see yourself with a lot of scars, but God looks at you as sinless. [Music] Boo devil. We're not Catholics [Music] paying our way out of purgatory. We are sons and daughters of God. And whom he justified them, he also glorified. Now it makes a great big statement here. Romans 8:31. And what shall we then say to these things? Right. Right. The things that are previously said, what shall we then say to these things? This is great big. I want you to read it with me. If God be for us, who can be against us? [Applause] Amen. I want to ask you a question. How big is your God? Yeah. [Music] All right. That's just such a simple simple text, brother Ron. Okay. How big is your God? [Music] I want to ask you, how big is your God? Come on. He is as big as you'll let him be. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Come on, brother. That's good. Amen. Jesus was having a sermon with his disciples. And he said, "Let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me." "In my father's house are many mansions, and if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. Amen. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there you may be also. Brother Brandon preaches a sermon called Future Home. Oh, yeah. It's pretty mindblowing that Yeah. that a Kentucky preacher is going to stand there and tell us something that no theologian of the world is able to describe right walls 216t high jasper gates of pearl more than a pretty song now and it begins to describe it's like a pyramid and at the top our Lord is there and he is a light that shines down over the whole city. We'll dwell there. Oh, brother Ron, but there's a whole lot of us isn't going to be tight. You haven't discovered how big the city is. And the river of life runs through every piece of property. We cannot fathom, excuse me, in our human imagination. We can't fathom how awesome a place that it is. But more than roads of golden asphalt, right? That really wasn't what he was talking about. He was talking about, brother said, he's not talking about brick and mortar. He's went to build you a house. Amen. Amen. That'll never deteriorate. No false teeth, no guy glasses. There's not going to be a grayheaded person there. Run like a deer. Yes, sir. I don't know what percentage in this building is gayheaded, but you ought to be shouting right now. Amen. Yes, sir. Absolutely. Now Jesus meets with men in different circles and in different numbers. One time he met with 500 and another time he met with 70. Once with 12 and once with three. And he will meet even come to one hungry soul. Amen. No matter what the size of the circle is or how many people are gathered together, Christ is omnipotent, omnipresent. And he's the only being that there is that's omnipresent. The devil can't be omnipresent. God is the only one who's omnipresent. Yeah, that's everywhere. He fills all heavens, the earth. Brother continues, "And here's some time ago on Mount up up in California. I was looking at this great observatory where one of the astronomers had been converted in my meeting. They took me up there and they got a glass that that you can see 120 million years of light space. Light travels I think about 8,000 miles per second. Break that down into miles and how many miles that you would have to go inund 12 million light years. How many miles would you have in a minute or how many in an hour or in a day or in a year in a hundred years? Brother Brandon was trying to assimilate this thought as a man. Yeah. How big this universe is, right? Right. And all beyond that is filled with the solar system. Our great Jehovah God. Now he just comes to it. Yeah, our great Jehovah God just blew them off of his fingers in creation and it covers all the space. And sometimes we walk around and act like we can run his business. Punch your neighbor and say, "Hey, listen to this." And Jehovah, God just blew them off of his fingers in creation. He covers all space. And sometimes we walk around and act like that we can run his business. He's so big, he fills all the space and yet will become so small that he will come to a poor lost sinner's heart. That's what makes him great. I've had the privilege in my life to see great men, kings. I've been in four palaces praying for kings and monarchs and potentates. Where's that believe the sign at now? Yeah. Really? He says, "I've been in four, not just one. I've been in four." Right. And you find great men and they're they're little in their own sight. It's men that's nothing. That's right. little man that that thinks himself big that tries to make himself big. Yeah. That's what makes God so big. He humbles himself to come down to save and to heal. He's here. It makes him God to me. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. We had a family that come to our church and their grandmother prayed that her her children and grandchildren would become believers. Every service she turned in a prayer request, praying for my children, praying for my grandchildren. She died, went off of the scene. She was a real saint. She's off the scene for probably decades. You know what started happening? I don't have to tell you. Well, here they come. And they're just pillars in the church. I mean, just literally pillars. I went into a restaurant one time and they're set one of them there in the table was just filled with B beer bottles. I didn't walk over and start preaching to him. I walked over and told him how much I loved him. Come on. I said that in sincerity. If I tell you I love you, I mean that. I don't tell the devil I love him. And so this young man and his wife, they had a rebellious boy and he was wicked. Just plain stinking wicked. Wicked. You looked up the word wicked. His picture was there. I'd say he's probably 5 foot eight, weigh probably 160 pounds, but he thought he was Goliath. There was a demon in him big as a bullfrog. They would bring him to my office and he would be filled up with heroin, cocaine, and and and I pray for him and he would get sober in a second. Listen, there's none Alcoholics Anonymous can do that in a second. He would be sober. Time would go on and he wouldn't come to church. And one day he decided, I need to go to church. So, I had a girlfriend that matched wicked. You know, you you date what your character is. God's got a sense of humor. She's tied it all up. She's a mess. I mean, a mess. Comes from a family that's a mess. If they watch this service, they know I'm telling the truth. That's right, Brother Ryan. Father's Day, they show up that Sunday morning. They sit in the back. Dad doesn't even know they're there or even coming. They walk in and sit down in the back. I recognize that they're there. I I I call their names and and they're sitting there and they wave at me. I didn't get to shake their hands and you know, couple days later. They arrest that boy. They put him in jail. They don't let him out. He goes through the court system. He's tried. He gets a couple of years, maybe four, I don't know exact time. I think it's four years. You know that girl that came with him on on that Father's Day never missed a service in that four years. Now he went away to jail and she came to God so he's not going to come out of jail and meet a girl that's a party city wild as bucks. He's going to meet a daughter of God. Now she's tatted up. They didn't leave. But listen, if you looked at her before and looked at her now, total different citizen. I want you to think about it. Never missed a service. Never had went to church. Never missed a service after that Father's Day Sunday. Boyfriend goes to jail. Who knows when he'll get out. Somewhere in his jail time, she begins to witness to him of what's going on in my life. And God meets him in a cell. Don't worry about the ts. You heard it last night. With those tats, you raise them up before God. And you're reminding the devil, I'm not your slave no more. You may have scarred me. You may have beat me. You may have warned me, but I made a great job. It wasn't because somebody made a decision for Christ cuz you wasn't looking for Christ. God came looking for you. That great big God that we're talking about came looking for you. Don't worry about your shame. Come on. He's not ashamed to you. That's right. He knows where to find you. If you're in the tombs, he knows where to find you. If you're in a well and you're shattered by light, he knows where to find you. [Music] Long story short, grandma's prayers was to a great big God. Hallelujah. I don't want to bore you, but I can't help but put this one in. Maybe some of you were denominational or TV preachers or whatever. It's almost fun to hear some of those guys try to describe the big bang theory. Well, let's listen to brother Brandham explain the big bang theory. All right. Is this okay? Yes, sir. He said, "Then let's notice out yonder. I see now it's all out in space. that all is God without form and forever for eternities. No beginning, no ending. It's all God. Before there was even air, there was God. The very beginning of nature or creation was God. Now, the Bible teaches us that the logos went out of God. Or I might say that then God becoming the first body form. When this logos went out of God, let's look at what it looked like. No one had has seen the father at any time. Nowhere, never did, never will. But when the logust that went out of him become like a little halo of light. Amen. Brother Brown just puts it in a way that we might in our human thinking understands it. That's right. Let's see it play in yonder like a child before the doorstep of the father. And now I can see as he moves up yonder over yonder and he draws into his memory or his mind a picture of what the world should be. There's not even a star or nothing. And I hear him say, "Let there be." And an atom broke yonder. And when it did, the sun came into existence and begin to whirl. She burned a million years and a million and a million year of years. And after a while, I see a flicker, a clinker fly off of it. What is it? The first star that flew from the sun. He watches it fall for a few million years. How old are you now? You put that little whatever 110 years old. Glad to have you here. The government just proved you're getting social security. Yeah. But if you're 110 years old, it's nothing. Think of it. It's nothing. It's not a drop. That's right. If you're a Democrat here tonight, God will save you, too. [Applause] He's a big God. [Applause] Meet Sister Connie after service. She'll be glad to talk to you. Loosen up. You'll be okay. You'll You'll live through this. You'll live through it. We got a prayer line. You'll live through this. And he watches it fall for millions of years. Think about how big God is. Millions of years. And he stops it. And he asks he he presents the question, what is it? What's he doing? He's writing his first Bible. Yes. The zodiac. Yes. How big is God? Amen. And God writes three Bibles. One the zodiac, one in the pyramids, one on paper. Amen. He's writing the first zodiac. And he starts off with the virgin, ends up with Leo the lion. Jesus first coming and second coming. Amen. And if we had time to run through it, you'd see it. But he writes it because man is to look up. God is above. And then after he gets all of every all of all of heavenly, the solar system written out, then I can see him move over here and over a clinker and over this world and it's nothing but an iceberg hanging over it. And he moves over around the sun and he begins to revolve it around and he he melts all the waters and the ice on it. And the icebergs come fling around through it. Texas is formed. If you got a complex, he mentions Texas. Louisiana. See, you're from It was It was in the beginning. He formed it before Virginia. So, don't get a complex here. And down through there, where it scraped off of The chronologicals tell us that the icebergs went on into the gulf and so forth. And now the world's without form and void and waters upon the deep. And we're in Genesis one now. And then he made the plant life. And uh then after that he he made man in his own image. Amen. I want you to just think about what I just read. You didn't learn none of that in school. That's right. Well, how would William Brham know? If you talk to the one that did it, the mighty angel, if you talk to him personally, he can tell you, you can describe this to the bride of Jesus Christ. I saved this knowledge till the bride, and I want to tell them how I created the earth. Amen. I want to remind you how great you of a people you are. This great big God thinks you're a great big wonderful people. All right. He's the author and the finisher of your faith. You're the mystery that's in this book. Yes sir. Now let me take you to some very things that you're very familiar with. He says it in the word of his power. Peace be still. None of us live to see that storm out on the sea. When the disciples felt so small, their boat was like a bottle stopper on a horrible ocean and they knew that any second that they could die. But when Jesus says peace be still, the storm dissolved. [Music] And they say never a man spake like this man. So when he steps into your storm, [Music] [Applause] so when he steps into your storm, you may not see him, right? You may not feel him, but he speaks to your storm and cause it to come. [Applause] Wonderful. I'm just going to go over some things that you're very familiar with. When he calls Lazarus out of the grave, he's got plans already for him. Yeah. Cuz notice in a few moments, he's going to tell him, "Let's eat." He seems like he's late, but he's always on time. So, he walks to the tomb. You know this story. He walks to the tomb, but the prophet takes it to another level, right? Cuz he's in contact. You don't read this in Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. But when he comes to the another level, brother Brandham said he called him by name. That's right. Or he would have emptied the graves of the believers and all of them would have come forth. But today's assignment was for one. Don't worry about the rapture. When, where, how. It's not for our feeble minds to know everything about it. Don't worry. You're his seed and he's a big enough God wherever you're at. Amen. And walks in a tomb into a room, a room full of doubters. As a matter of fact, her father has went way out on the limb to have Jesus to come. Sure. Yeah. The pressure will be for the rest of his life. Yeah. You're a leader of our church. Why didn't you go to the greater leaders? But instead, You called Jesus to come and he did some sort of a witchcraft and raised your daughter back up. No, he knew the difference. I called for Jesus and she was sick. She died and you guys embombed her. [Applause] You guys sent all the the people over to sing songs and get her ready to be buried. You guys did all of that. But I knew if I could get Jesus, and he told me on the way, "Fear not." The faith that started will keep you. [Applause] Hallelujah. Jesus said, "Damsel, arise." That's right. He called her from another world. That's right, brother. I wish I was lived in those times. Well, I hear a prayer request. Some of you are suffering with a very common enemy. Well, you see, there was a conference about us. Yes. Amen. It was Malachi 45 and 6. An angel And I don't care what the denomination's believe or don't believe, not a matter, right? But they had a conference about me, right? And the angel told the prophet said, "If you can get the people to believe, and they come to a point to where they could have called your name and your condition and the statement is made, not even cancer. [Applause] That's right. [Applause] Lord, not even cancer shall stand. Now, I am a unique case. They call me complicated. I should have been medically dead over five years ago. Yeah. Cause three tumors, one the size of about an orange, was taken out the back of my brain. You know, we have a miracle that took place, Brother Wayne. We have a very close connection. You know, sometimes we would we would say, "Well, you know, this weekend the blind saw." Boy, we would rejoice. But the weekend that Brother Wayne came 5 years ago, I went blind. And it was a miracle. Nobody shouted cuz I went blind. lost my peripheral vision, lost in both eyes everything that's sllanded. So if you walk up to me and go to shake my hand, I can't see your hand because it's too low. I can't see it. If I drop my head, I can see your hand. So don't get miffed if I miss your hand. But you see, had I not went blind when your pastor was preaching, the tumor would have grown so quickly, it would have taken my life. But Satan is stupid. [Applause] If he would just left it till after the meeting, the tumor would have killed me along with two more growing. The tumor would have killed me. but he's so inflated in his ego, I'm going to destroy that preacher. And the blindness sent a signal something's going on. Amen. And brother Wayne stood there and held my hands up. Listen, we knew we had trouble, but the next day they would find out I had three tumors in my brain. Rejoice. Yes. God saved my life. Now, I've had about 30 MRIs, the best that we can go. MRIs where they put you in a cage and send you through a tunnel and MRI chamber and and they scan your brain and they do it backwards and forwards. You you guys would know, but anyway, they they go through that. And I've had about 30 of those MRIs and every one of them told us that the cancer was stable, the chemo was working. So, a couple months ago, I had an MRI and it's my first clean. You want to see a blind woman shout be with her. About a year and a half ago, four specialist looking through the best machines that they had told me that I had eye cancer in both eyes. They instructed me that I would lose one of my eyes. They would take it out. You've got physicians here and they you know what I don't understand all this stuff and put the lingo don't pretend and they told me that they would take one eye out the other they would shoot full of chemo and try to save one of my eyes. Brother Tim came to see me. Andrew called brother Tim and brother Tim came to see me and listen if you want to die don't call him. If you want it, you want to die, don't don't call him. When I got burned up, my lungs were gone. And he said I wouldn't live. He came said, "I didn't come to preach your funeral. I come to preach faith. Do you?" Well, you know the rest of the history. And so, Brother Tim prays for us. And they I I'd had a dream. And the dream was and the the long and short of it that the curse was over. And so, so I went to my final appointment to where that that day, if that's the way everything was, they was going to remove one of my eyeballs. I don't know whether it was left or right. And so the girl in the that prepped me and she just began to talk to me. Do you really want to go through this? My father went through it. You know, you can die a a life. You're a Christian. And she just went through it. Connie was ready to kill her with a submachine gun. She if she had the power of the spoken word, that girl would be. And so I see another person in the team and I see another person in the team. Yeah, we see it. It's there. It's there. It's there. So they put me out in a waiting room for dilation, some different things to work and some numbing medicines to work in my eyes and behind my eyes. And you know, we're just sitting there. We're just we're just sitting in there. You know, I'll be honest with you, in a trial like that, you're just going, "Hold my breath. Here we go." We walk down an aisle about 60 to 80 feet. Walk down the aisle. Now we're going to see the top specialist in in the East Coast. Uh he's from overseas somewhere. You can understand some of his words, some of you can't understand. A wonderful doctor. Just absolutely wonderful. He pulls his machines up and he starts to look and he goes, "Okay, you're good. Come back in a year." Now understand we are now months in the process. Months. Brother Tim is there with me when I get a call. You know you understand you have cancer. We're going to take you through. We hear all of that. We are months in the process. We have went to one appointment after another appointment after another appointment. Well, the brain uh brain has metastasized into your eyes and this is what it is. It's prone to do this and you know now you know it's just you're just you're just in it. You're in the trial. But God's in the trial with you. Now, I want to explain something to you. I don't know how long that hall is, but maybe you walk through that hall like I walk down this hall and and I sit down and before the doctor, he pulls the machines out. He looks in my eyes and he said, "Uh, come see me in a year." Wow. He walks out of the room. We tell the doctor with him what has went on the last few months. And she said, "Let me go. Let me go get it." He walks back in and he says, "Uh, okay. What's going on?" And we tell him what's been happening through all these other doctors. That's right. He says it must have been a miscommunication. I liked it when doctors have to testify. [Music] Brother Ron, I haven't seen a miracle. Okay. Okay. He's in a blue suit. [Applause] Now remember, there was a meeting about us, not even cancer. Oh, but brother, that was in a cave. No, that was between God and his prophet. [Applause] Now it's God and his people. God can't save me. Really? Amen. Come on, brother. Amen. Amen. Really? You think you're that bad? That a God that created stars and they floated for a million years and he started the process over again. You think you're too bad? Do you think you're too sick? Let's just borrow a couple quotes from brother Brandon. And I'm just going to paraphrase here for a second. Brother Brandon said, "If I pray for everybody here tonight," That's right. that's sick. That's right. And they die. That's right. That's right. I'll be right back here tomorrow night praying for the sick and believing at his word. Amen. what he said. But brother Ron, I got prayed for and I'm I'm sicker. Lord, this guy prayed for me and that guy prayed for me. What about your prayer? Amen. How powerful are we? Brother Ron, what do you think in the situation that you're in? I think like Paul did. To be absent from this body is to be present with the Lord. Yes, sir. Amen. Yes, sir. Okay. Every devil in hell has came after this guy. You feel like he's came after you. So, I just use myself for a Okay. Every devil in hell has came after this guy and he hasn't been a up to the experience for five years. That means I can't lose. Amen, brother Ron. But Sister Karen died. Yeah. When your time comes. When your card is called. But she didn't lose. [Applause] We miss our loved ones. Yeah. But see it loose. [Applause] What you don't understand is a prophet explained that for us too. Yes sir. Not just a new city. Not how God created the earth. He explained how you step from this body to that body. Come on now. Your last breath here is your first breath there. Hallelujah. And before corruption can set into this body, we're standing in a new one. I don't know what it all it'll be like, but I say I win. Thank you, Lord. Amen. What about your miracle? What about your miracle? How big is your God? Don't limit God. God's not a Ferrari. For those that don't know, God's not a sports car. Yeah. Where has a limit of 232 m an hour, right? God does way faster than that. Don't put him in a box. There's no accidents. God gave you a checkbook. Don't live as underprivileged children. We are sons and daughters of God that has more authority. That's right. than the angels that are in heaven. Amen. You can't make this up. Then can you give me give you just a couple more minutes? [Applause] God made trees to worship. He made birds to worship. But he really loves to hear you worship. Yes. Now, Brother Tim went at this one way and and before I ever got here, I got these notes. I've never preached a sermon before, brother. So, I'm riding a new horse. It's Psalms chapter 50. If you want to hear some quotes, come on. If you're still Church of Christ, let me just give you a couple quotes. Forgive me. I'm just in a mood. Picking on Democrats and picking on Church of Christ. You want to go through a quote some quotes here? Praise ye the Lord. Amen. Praise God in his sanctuary. Praise him in the firmament of his power. Praise him for his mighty acts. What have I just described for you? I'm coming to an end. So, pick up your pocketbooks. Get yourself ready. Praise him for his mighty acts. Praise him according to his excellent greatness. Praise him with the sound of a trumpet. Praise him with a saucery and a harp. Praise him with a timber and a dance. Praise him with stringed instruments and organs. Praise him with this is one of my favorites. Praise him with a upon a loud symbol. Amen. I like that emphasis loud. Come on. Can I pause just a moment here? When you was a sinner and you was out in the rock and roll, you played that baby so loud that people down the street could hear you. But you come to church and the devil will get in your ear. Come on. Don't get the flesh here. This is all just emotion. What was it then? You was worshiping the devil that was destroying your life. Come and worship God. You got something to really worship God. You got something to say to him. Brother Ron, I've got some excuses. Well, maybe this next quote will take care of that. Let everything that hath breath praise ye the Lord. So, you have a good excuse not to praise the Lord if you're dead. Well said. Amen. Psalms 100. Sometimes it takes more than one quote. Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all ye lands. So, it takes care of the culture issue. We do it different over here. We do it different over there. That ain't no excuse. [Music] Amen. Serve the Lord with gladness and come before his presence with singing. Know you the Lord, he is God. It is he that hath made us and not we ourselves. We are his people and the she and the sheep of his I'm I'm just I feel like I just run a I feel like I could run a mile right now. and the sheep of his pasture. End into his gates with thanksgiving, into his courts with praise, and be thankful unto him, and bless his name. For the Lord is good, and his mercy is everlasting, and his truth is enduring to all generations. Hallelujah. And just for good measure, I'll read one more quote for you. Praise ye the Lord. Psalms 149. Praise ye the Lord. Sing unto the Lord a new song. You heard all about that last night. And his praise in the congregation of his saints. Let Israel rejoice in him that hath made him. Let the children of Zion be joyful in their king. Let them praise his name in a dance. And let them sing praises unto him with a temple and a harp. And for the Lord taketh pleasure in his people. He will bountifully. He will beautify the m and the with salvation. Let the saints be joyful in glory. Let them sing aloud upon their beds. Amen. Let the high praises of God be in their mouth and a two-edged sword in their hand. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Beautiful. Amen. Just before we quit, there's nothing that Satan can do. That's right. To stop our God. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Tell your neighbor nothing. Nothing. So you walked into this building with trials, tormented by situations, maybe financial. We've all been there. But if you make God your partner, That's right. [Music] He's the best realtor. He's the best doctor. He's the best lawyer. So, he'll take care of your financial counseling. You're having marriage issues. You don't need a preacher to to give you five weeks of counseling. Both of you fall in love with Jesus. Both of you fall in love with Jesus. And get so full of the Holy Ghost till the devil don't know what to do with you. and let the Holy Ghost take over your brain. Take over your tongue, take over your ears, take over your hands, sir. Take over your whole body. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Good advice. I want to remind you, you can't lose. Hallelujah. Now, we're a supernatural people. Yeah. Cuz all of us have a different story. Yes, sir. We're not canned soup people. All of us have a different story. Every one of you have an eye map. There's no two eyes in humanity alike. Nobody has the same eyes that you do. Right. That's right. Nobody has the same fingerprint that you do. And yet God pre-planned you. [Music] Amen. Short, tall, skinny, fluffy. [Applause] Let's be fair. Some of us like to eat and it shows on us. Some of us better. Hey, listen. You 6'5 guys that But you put that same weight on 5'5. But God don't get smaller just because of your size. [Music] I'm ending it up because I want you to understand that we have such a great big God, but he becomes so personal to you. [Music] Really, brother Ron? Memphis. Where's my Elijah? Yes, Bombay. Uhhuh. Which of your gods? Can come and heal this man? How big is our God? How big is our God? And he challenged all of the gods to prove to them like he did on Mount Carmel, [Applause] there's no other god besides me. Which of your gods can come heal this man? That's right. Where did the pope come from? Challenge them. And the angel of the Lord, not one of them coward preachers would step up. They knew better. That's correct. They knew better. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. A lot of people can talk about Brother Brandham 60 years later. Yeah. But they knew better. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. That's right. And if your critics only knew how powerful you was, [Applause] I'm talking to the demon powers that come against you. If they really knew that you had the power one of these days to call them into judgment and stand there and testify, "Mr. Cancer, you did everything to kill me. But I had such a great big God. [Music] Amen. The musicians can come. Brother Brandham loved this song. And then because of life's journey, he wrote a verse. And he begins to sing on the wings of a snow white dove. God sends us his pure sweet love. a sign from above on the wings of a dove. Then he writes it, "Though have suffered and many away, yes, [Music] I cried for healing. Both night and day. Faith wasn't forgotten [Music] by the father above. [Music] He gave me his son. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. on the wings of on the wings of a snow. Why do [Music] Love on the wings of [Music] just over two weeks ago. It was on a Thursday [Music] morning. I became so drunk I couldn't [Music] stand. Every thought in the world went through my head. I thought, "Well, tomorrow I'll wake up and it'll be different." [Music] I was drunker the next day. On Saturday I became so [Music] drunk, so dizzy the world spinning every which [Music] way. Sure I thought a tumor has blowed up. again the services and Saturday night services being preached at my church and I was so sick I laid on the floor out in a patio. Connie covered me with a blanket. doctors don't have an answer for it. And I said, "Father," and I laid there and I sung this next verse. And I got up and went to bed. And the next morning, that thing was gone. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] I want you to sing it with me now. Maybe you're sick and have been going through a lot of things, but I just believe you won't have to leave here with that. I want to encourage you to that. We're not a prophet. We're just believers like you are. [Music] None of us are going through the same trial or the same valley. We so many times say, "I know what you're going through." We really don't. But we know one that does. [Music] We know one does. Sing this with me and then we'll call the prayer line. Though I have suffered. Could we stand? [Music] I [Music] fore faith once. Blessing for today by the father of God. He gave me his son on the wings of the if our ministers will come and we'll start the line now. Those that are sick, would you just raise your hand before the Lord and say, "I want to be prayed for it." Would you just make your way this way and and come [Music] is a sign from [Applause] above on the wings of the Oh, on the wings of snow. [Music] God sent his pure sweet love aside from [Music] above. All knowings above. [Music] on the wings of a [Music] snow. God sends his pure sweet. [Music] on the wings of the earth. [Music] Jesus our savior came to earth one day. He was born in a state. Oh, in a manger of [Music] pain, though he [Music] rejected, but not from above. God gave us his son. Oh, on the wings of a dove. Oh, on the wings of the snow I [Music] [Applause] s love the sign from Oh, on the wings of the [Music] D. No, I had drifted on the flood many days. He searched for life in various ways and trles he had [Music] But not from [Music] above. God gave him his son. Oh, on the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow. [Music] God sent his [Applause] pure, sweet love, a sign from above. On the wings of the dove. Oh yes. On the wings of a snow white. God sends his pure. A sign from [Music] above. Oh yes. On the wings of a [Music] dove. Though I had suffered in many of way. Oh, I cried for healing both night and [Music] day. Faith was in for God by the Father of God. He gave me his son on the wings of a dove. On the wings on the wings of a storm. [Music] Oh, God sends his pure sweet love a sign from above. Oh, on the wings of the D. On the wings on the wings of a slow God set his pure sweet oh a sign from above. [Music] on the wings of the He's all I need. He's all I need. [Music] Jesus is all I [Music] need. He is all I need. [Music] Jesus is all And here is all. He is all He all I [Applause] need. Jesus is all I need. [Applause] [Music] Jesus. [Music] Oh, Jesus. [Music] Great. He's all He is [Music] all. Yes, he's all I need. Jesus is all I need. [Music] He [Music] all. Oh my [Music] Jesus. Only [Music] believe, oh believe, all things are possible. [Music] Holy believe, holy [Music] believe. Oh, believe all things possible. Holy, Lord, I believe. Yes, Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe Lord. I believe, [Music] Lord, I believe. All things are possible Lord and Jesus is here. [Applause] Jesus is Oh Jesus is here. [Music] All things are possible. Oh my [Applause] Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is [Music] here. Jesus is here. All things are possible for Jesus is here. Lord I receive Lord. Lord I receive the Lord. All things, all things are possible. Lord, I receive. Oh, Lord. I [Applause] receive. Lord, I receive. All things are possible. Oh Lord, I receive Jesus. Oh my Jesus Lord. Jesus is here. Oh Jesus. All things, all things possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is he only believe. Hallelujah. Great and Lord Jesus. [Music] Holy God, [Music] holy believe. Oh, we believe. All things are [Music] possible. Lord, Lord, I receive in the name of Jesus. Yes, Lord, I receive. All things are I Lord I receive Lord I receive Lord I receive all things [Music] Oh my Lord, I love him. Yes, I love him. He calls me first. Love me. Love me oh [Applause] and just my [Music] salation [Music] for free trees. [Music] Yes, I love him. I love him [Applause] because he first love me. Oh, and purchase my [Music] salation. Oh, free tree. I love him. Oh yes. [Music] Love him. I love him because he first love me. [Music] Oh, [Music] first purchase my [Music] salvation [Music] all I love him. Oh yes, I love him. Oh, he Because Oh, he love me. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I love him. Oh yes, I love him. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I love him because he and [Music] purchased salation. [Music] Son [Music] can we dream [Music] Jesus Jesus [Music] Jesus there's a [Music] deal about that day. Oh, he's my master. [Music] Savior Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain. Oh my Jesus. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Let all heaven and earth [Music] proclaim. King and kingdoms shall all pass away. Oh, but there's something about that name. Oh my Jesus. He's my Jesus. Jesus. There's just something There's just something about that name. Oh, he's my master. Oh my savior Jesus. like a fragrance after. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, we call on the Lord Jesus tonight. Yes, Jesus. Oh my Jesus. Jesus. Oh, all heaven and earth proclaim. [Music] Kings and kingdoms shall all but there's [Music] something [Music] that I will praise him. [Music] I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slave. Oh, you give him glory [Music] all for his blood has washed away. [Music] I will praise him. Oh yes, [Music] I I will praise him. You will praise him. Praise him. Oh, [Applause] praise the lamb for [Music] sold you in the glory. [Music] Oh, for his blood has washed the way. [Music] When I [Music] saw, oh yes, when I saw the cleansing [Music] fountain, it was wide for all my sins. [Music] Oh yes, I I [Music] obey the spirit's ruing. Oh yes. When he said, "Will thou be clean?" Oh, we praise him tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, yes. With every breath I have, I I'm going to praise him. Oh, praise the Lord for sinners and All you [Music] Lord for his blood for me has wash [Music] away to stay. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. Oh, something [Music] is wonderful. Oh, and he touched me and made me. Oh, he touched me. Oh yes, he touched me. Yes, he touched me. And all the joy that come to my soul. Something something wonderful. [Music] Oh, and [Music] now he touched me and made me whole. Since I met Oh, since I met this blessing save your soul sans and made me whole. I shall never glory. Never cease to praise him. [Music] I thank God he touched me. We praise you, Father. Thank you for the touch tonight, though. Glory. He touched me. Oh yes. And oh the joy that floods my soul. Yes. Something wonderful happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're my glory and the lift of my hand. [Music] Oh, you're my glory and the [Music] lifter for thou oh [Music] Lord for thou oh Lord Oh, a shield are a shield for me. You're my [Applause] glory and the lifter of my [Music] head. You're my glory. You're my glory and the lifter. Glory. Yes, Father. My hand. You're my glory. You're my glory and the lift of my head. For thou, oh Lord, for thou thou Lord are a shield or a shield for me. You're my glory. Yes. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. You're my glory. Oh, you're my glory and the lifter of my [Music] hand. Oh, you're my glory. and the lifter of my [Music] name. For thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. Yes, you're my glory. I am the lifter and the lifter of high. Thank you, Lord. You're my glory and the lifter. The lifter of my hand. [Music] Praise the Lord. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Oh, oh, I [Music] see my [Music] glory. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh [Music] th down. Yes, father. are a shield for me. You're my glory. You're my glory. Oh my. Hallelujah. Glory to God. All glory to God tonight. Hallelujah. Praise you Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah Jesus. Praise you father. We thank you in advance Lord for your touch. Thank you for the healing Lord Jesus. Thank you for deliverance tonight Lord Jesus. We praise you with our lips Lord. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. We thank you father. We want to tell you we love you Lord. I love you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we pour out our love to you, Lord. Thank you for redeeming us, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We believe in you, Lord. The only one and true God. There's none higher, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, hallelujah. Praise you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Praise you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your mighty works, Lord God. Thank you, Father. Oh hallelujah Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus. [Music] Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our [Music] God, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, our [Music] God, our God is gater. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God awome. Oh our God. Our God. Water you turn into wine. You open the eyes of the blind. For there's no one like you. Oh, there's none like him. Oh, none like [Applause] [Music] you. Into the darkness you shine. Out of love. Out of the ashes we rise. Oh, there's no one like you. There's no one none like [Applause] you, God. Oh, our God is gater. Our God is stronger. Your God, you are higher than any other. Our God is awesome. Yes, Father. Our God. Our God. Our God. Water. Water. You turn into eyes. You open the eyes. Glory. There's no one. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Our God is gater. Hallelujah. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Our God. Our God is gater. Our God. Gater. Our God is stronger. God. You are higher than any other. Our God is here. Awesome. Glory. our [Music] God. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what can stand against? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what can stand against? Glory. Oh, what can stand against? Our God. Oh God is great. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. God you are higher than any other. Our God is here. [Music] Awesome. Our God. our God. Into the darkness you shine. Amen. Out of the ashes, out of the ashes we rise. Oh, there's no one like. Oh, thank you, Lord. There's none like you. None like you. Our God, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is here. Awesome in power. Hallelujah. He's an awesome God. Our God. Our God. Let's sing that. And if our God is for us, and if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what can stand against? If our God is for us, then he could live. Yes. And if our God would stand. And if our God is for us, then he could ever. Oh, and if our God is with [Music] us, what can stand against? Still our God. Oh our God. Glory. Thank you, Lord. What an awesome [Music] God. Our God. Awesome. Awesome and power. Our God, our God, our God is greater. For our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any. Thank you, Jesus. Awesome. Our God. [Applause] [Music] So I'll cherish the old rugged cross till my trophies till my trophies at last I lay down. I will cling. I plead to the old rugged cross. Oh, and exchange is someday for a grand. So I'll cherish. So I'll cherish the old ruged cross. Feel my trophies. At last [Music] I will I will cling to the old cross. [Music] Someday for the ground. [Music] Oh, I'll cherish the old rugged [Music] cross till my choice at last [Music] [Applause] [Music] I will [Music] cling to the [Music] Glory and exchange [Music] glory for a crown. Oh, I'll cherish. Thank you, Lord. I'll cherish that old rugged cross. will be [Applause] cross till my ties and thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Well, I will cling to the old cross. Oh, just [Music] some hallelujah in the name of Jesus. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, [Music] and all that is within me. Bless [Applause] [Music] his name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul and [Music] all. Let Bless his heart. Sing it again. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. We bless you, oh God. and all that is within me. Bless his [Music] holy name. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. and all that is within me. Bless his [Applause] holy name. Sing bless the Lord, oh bless the Lord, oh my soul. Thank you, Father. And [Music] all all that is within him bless his holy name. He has done oh he has done great things. Thank you Lord. We bless you. Oh, he has done great [Music] things. Oh, he has done great [Music] things. His holy name. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul and all that. [Music] Oh, he has done. Thank you, Lord. So many great things. Yes, he has done great things. Oh, [Music] he bless his holy blessings. [Music] Bless the Lord, oh my soul, bless the Lord. [Music] Oh, and all that is within me that is holy. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. [Music] Bless the [Music] Lord, oh my soul and all. Hallelujah. That [Music] is in the name. For he has done great things. Thank you Lord for he has done he has done. Oh, [Music] [Applause] he so bless his holy name. He has done. Yes, he has done great things. Thank you, Lord. He [Music] with he has done great things. Bless his holy name. He has done. Oh, he has done great things. in my life. He done great things for him. Great things. Bless his holy name. Where would I be? [Music] You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of [Music] love. A hopeless case. An empty place. If not for grace, Lord, where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. The holsters, an empty place. Oh, it's not enough for gra amazing amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I once was, but now I'm back. I was a hopeless case, an empty place, if not for praise. Oh precious Lord, please take my hand. Lead me up. [Music] Let me stay the hopeless [Music] G for amazing praise. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Where would I be? [Music] Where you [Music] holy [Applause] [Music] sees precious Lord. Lord, precious Lord, take my hand, lead me on. Standing [Music] style amazing amazing, how sweet, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I found a holy [Music] grail. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the [Applause] sound. I once was lost, but now I [Music] found a hopeless in a deep place without precious Lord. Precious soul, please take my hand. Lead me home. You let me stand my escape. in [Music] Jesus. Amazing. Amazing grace. How sweet, how sweet the sound. I once was lost. [Applause] The holst empty place is not for [Music] and the angels cry, "Oh, Holy all creation cries. [Music] Holy you are lifted high. Holy, holy forever. [Music] Let your people sing holy to the king of kings. Holy. You will always be holy. Holy [Music] forever. And the angels cry. Holy. All creation cry. Holy. You are lifted high. [Music] Holy, holy forever. Let your people Let your people sing. Oh, holy to the king of kings. Oh, holy. You will always be [Music] holy, holy forever. And the angels and the angels cry. Holy. All creation [Applause] cries. Oh, you are lifted. Oh, holy, holy forever. Hear your people. Hear your people sing. Holy to the king of kings. Holy. You will always be, [Music] holy, holy, holy forever. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. God, thank you. Thank you, Lord God. I love you, Lord. [Music] Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I [Music] lay, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life, all my life, you have been faithful. All my life you have been so good. [Music] with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your voice. Oh, you have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have lived I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh my god. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh my All my life you have been my life. Oh my life you have been so so good everywhere. Everywhere. Oh, I will [Applause] see the goodness. Oh, God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. is my life laid down. Glory. Oh, your goodness. Glory is running after me. Your goodness is running. Your goodness is running after. Oh yes. Your goodness is running out with my life now. I can't wait. Your goodness is running after you. It's running after me. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] Oh, all my life you have been so with every breath. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God all my life. Yes. [Music] Oh my love, you have been faithful. Oh my love, you have been so [Music] [Applause] good. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running. Your goodness is running after. Thank you Lord. Your goodness with my life. [Music] Oh, I give you [Music] everything. Oh, it's running at me. You're good. [Music] [Music] [Applause] I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest time. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. [Music] Father, oh the overwhelming, neverending, precious love of God. Oh, it chases me down, fights till I'm leaves the 99. I don't deserve it. I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh, the overwhelming neverending. All sing it now. Oh, it chases me down, fights till I'm found. Leaves the 99. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Still you give the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Before I spoke a word, you were singing over me. You've been so good. You have been so so good to me. Yes, Lord. Before I took a breath, you breathe your life in me. You've been so good, so kind to me. Oh, the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh, it chases me down right still the 99. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Till you give yourself this holy [Music] [Applause] overwhelming precious love of God. When I was your foe, still your love fought for me. You've been so good. You have been so so good to me. When I felt the world, when I felt the world, still you paid it all for me. You have been so You have been so so kind to me. Oh, we overwhelming never ending precious. Oh, we chasing the 99. I couldn't hurt it. Still you gave yourself away. Holy, overwhelming, neverending, precious love of God. No shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. Glory. There's no wall, no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. There's no shadow, no shadow. You won't light up mountain climb up coming after me. No, no, you won't down. You won't tear down. Coming after me. No shadow, no shadow. You won't ride up. You won't climb up. Coming after me. No, you won't kick down. Glory. Thank you. Sing it again. No shadow. No shadow. You won't mind. Glory. There's no [Music] more coming after [Applause] me. Overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Oh, he chases me down till I'm down. Well, I couldn't earn it. Glory. Oh, the overwhelming precious love of God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Did he move every mountain? Did he part every sea? Yes, he did. Oh yes, he can. Did he defeat the darkness? Did he deliver me? Yes, he did. Oh, yes, he can. Oh, did he move every mountain? Yes, he did. Oh yes, he can. Did he [Music] defeat? Yes, he did. So yes, he did. He move every mountain. Did he move every mountain? Did he part every sing? Yes, he did. Did he defeat defeat the darkness? Did he deliver me? Yes, he did. So, yes, he did. Did he move every mountain? Did he move every mountain? [Applause] [Music] Yes, he did. So, yes, he did. Oh, did he defeat the darkness? Did he deliver me? Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. Sometimes I wonder, is he faithful? Does he see me in my trouble? Does he understand? Sometimes I question if he's able. Can he rescue? Can he save me again and again? Oh, did he move every mountain? Yes, he did. Yes, he did. So, he [Applause] [Music] defeated me. [Music] Did he move every mountain? did every sing. So yes, he came. Oh, did he defeat the [Music] darkness? The Lord. Yes, he did. So yes, he did. Sometimes those voices try to tell me I've forgotten and I've fallen too far from his hand. I know who God is and I'm trusting in his promises. I'm believing and I'm singing. Oh yes, he can see that again. Sometimes those voices try to tell me I've forgotten and I've fallen too far from his hand. But I know what kind of God. Amen. Glory. [Music] He of every day. Yes. Yes. He can deliver [Music] me. Oh, let he deliver me. Yes, he did. So, yes, he did. And sometimes I wonder, is he faithful? Does he see me in my trouble? Does he understand? Sometimes I question if he's able. Can he rescue me? Can he save me again and again? Oh, did he move every [Music] mountain? Yes, he did. So, yes. Did he defeat the darkness? Oh, did he deliver? Yes, he did. So, yes, he Let's sing it again. Did he move every mountain? Glory. Thank you, Lord. Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. Did he defeat the darkness? Oh, did he deliver me? Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. Oh yes he did. So yes he has already done it. Oh yes he did. So yes he can. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise you father. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's so high. You can't get over it. So low. How big our God is. So why [Music] you Oh wonderful love. It's so high. Can't get over [Music] it. Can't get under it. [Applause] [Music] The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love is so wonderful. All sing. Oh wonderful. I serve the love. Oh, the love of [Music] Jesus. The love so wonderful. The love of Jesus. Oh, wonderful love. It's so high. It's so high. So [Music] [Applause] [Music] long. Oh, you love him. Yes. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Oh, the love. It's so wonderful. Yes. So wonderful. The love of Jesus. The love of Jesus. Sing it. Glory. The love. What a great God. Oh love Jesus. Wonderful. Oh. Wonderful. It's so high. It's so high. Glory. Is so low. So high. Glory. [Music] Oh. Why don't you hug one another? Love on each other tonight. Oh, glory. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Oh, what a big [Music] God. Glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Well, it's so [Music] high, so low, So why some of you need to try it still? It's so high. It's so high you can't get over it. So low. [Music] So yes, everybody. [Music] Oh, wonderful. [Applause] [Music] Yes. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Wonderful. Oh, wonderful love. What a love. What a love. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We sing for free. We're free. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your love. Thank you, Jesus. Glory. We praise you tonight. Glory. Praise you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. How many did God do something for tonight? It's so high you can't get over. It's so low. [Music] Yeah. It's so [Music] high. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Let's go. You can't [Applause] get You can't get It's so You can't get [Music] Oh yes, it's so hard. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, wonderful Jesus. The love of my Jesus is so wonderful. Oh yes. Oh Jesus. Oh wonderful. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Glory. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Glory. You can't get over the rain. Oh, well, it's so high you can't get around it. Oh, it's so high. Yes, it's [Music] so you can't get so high. [Applause] [Music] Let me just say something. This train is not stopping here. We're going to glory. We're going to go to glory. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Lord, [Applause] you know, I don't think this meeting has to be any different than when brother Brandham was here. That's right. Because there were meetings even when there wasn't one feeble one left. That's right. So, I'm going to believe that for tonight. And I'm going to believe the angel of the Lord is going to go to wherever is necessary. Take care of every soul, every body. Hallelujah. [Music] Let's pray. Let's pray together. Father, you've been so wonderful and so near tonight. You've touched many souls and many bodies and many minds. You've brought great victory in the love divine, Lord Jesus. We love you with all our being. We haven't even got the English language to express ourselves fully our gratitude to your mercy. Be with the people now as they depart. Yes. May the angel of the Lord go with each one. Let them return to their home safely. Oh God. Restore our brother Ron. Lord God, give him strength. Give him rest in the night hours. Father, we give you praise and we give you honor. As we depart from this building, may your presence never depart from us in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. If you go quietly as we leave here now, the presence of the Lord is here. So we just walk in his presence, live in his presence. Breathe in his presence. He's real. God bless you. Regular service tomorrow 11:00. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Oh, falling in love with [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jes. Falling in love. Falling in [Music] love. Falling in love. [Music] Falling [Music] down. Will is the best thing I will ever. [Music] Oh, it is [Music] all never. [Music] There's no place I'd rather I'd rather be falling in love. Oh, falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in [Music] love. Falling in love. Oh, and [Music] Jesus is the best thing I ever done. Falling in love. Oh, falling in love. [Applause] Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in [Music] love is the best thing I've ever heard in his arms. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I never connect. [Music] There's no place not where I'd rather [Music] be. Oh, falling in love with Jes. You might see [Music] God. Heat. Heat. [Music] I am here. Glorious. [Music] Lord Jesus Christ. [Music]
