################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-12 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Which Wine Are You Drunk On?’ - (Sun 5/11/2025) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-12
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Which Wine Are You Drunk On?’ - (Sun 5/11/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qU27A0Jb5uw
========================================

It makes me want to shout hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor and all the praise. Embrace me, [Applause] shout Jesus. [Music] Oh, it makes me [Music] All the honor and all the [Music] praise. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me, how he turned me, how he I feel [Applause] [Music] sorry. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. If you're [Applause] living for life this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We gave ourselves to the world while we were there, but I'm no longer a part of that. Amen. I'm so thankful for life this morning, for the power of the Holy Ghost that would come into our lives. And Amen. I'm so thankful for what God has done. Amen. And how how could we deny that he has done a work in our lives. Amen. And I just want to thank him for his mercy and his grace. And what a tremendous uh time to serve the Lord today and a great honor to be here on this beautiful Mother's Day. Uh I just wonder maybe it's a it's just a special feeling in the church today. I'm all these wonderful mothers and and uh just the spirit around them and Amen. I just wonder if we could just bow our hearts together today and let's have a word of prayer just before we go into the scripture. Amen. And we just want to thank the Lord. Father, I want to thank you for motherhood, Lord, for that that office, Lord, that you have disposed upon this generation. And Lord, we know that Lord, as every other office, Lord, it's been tore out and destroyed. And the enemy has tried to do everything. You sent a prophet to tell us that it was Satan himself had recognized that it was a time to reckon, but Lord, you always have a witness. Lord, you always have one. You preserve, Lord, to show what it is, what that real office is, and what it looks like to have a mother. We thank you for every one of them this morning. Lord, we thank you for the gift that you have placed in them. Now, Lord, as we have gathered here, of course, we look at these mothers in the natural, but but Father, this tabernacle here is a mother in the spiritual. She is mothering, brooding over young children, birthing and teaching and bringing forth in this age. And we know there's been so much perversion around churches and their teachings and ideas throughout the age, Lord. But Father, I pray that she remains a light. She remains a light, Lord, of what it looks like to come into the house of God and feel the power and the inspiration of your word as it moves across the great anointing of God. We ask you, Father, this morning that you would bless them. Bless everyone that's gathered here in this building. May your word speak to them today. Help us get out of the way, Lord, that you may use us to edify your children. We ask it in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. And God bless you this morning. And I would like to go into the scripture in the book of Revelations. And I want to read the sixth chapter. And I'm going to just read these first few verses um as I have been uh working in them. Uh chapter 6 verses uh I want to read the third verse here. We'll just read verses 1 to 4 and just include it. And I saw when the lamb had opened one of the seals and I heard as it was the noise of a thunder. Now because the thunders have sounded we know that word thunder it's symbology for voice right and as I heard as it was the noise of a a voice one of the four beasts saying come and see of course we know that's one of the four creatures from the book of revelations the fourth chapter it's the lion and I said and behold a white horse now white horse is symbology for the antichrist spirit that rode out from the days of Paul against the word of God. And he that sat on him had a bow, and it is apparent not what is written, but what isn't. He had a bow, but no arrows. It was a bluff. He's a liar. And he and a crown was given unto him. So he wrote 300 years without a crown until AD 325. in Nika. He was crowned under Constantine when they had the Nyian council and they elected a pope and he went forth conquering and to conquer. So then therefore he started nickelism to conquer the churches where men could rule over them. Now I'm doing this because uh as we've been teaching the last few weeks, I want you to see that you're learning this uh Revelations the 6th chapter verse by verse at this point. Amen. And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say. Now here's your ox anointing, come and see. And there went out another horse. And that was red. Now we're speaking of the time that in AD30 under the edict of Thessalonica, they began to enforce that the Roman Catholic Church trinitarian doctrine was the only type of Christianity that you could practice. Every other thing was called heresy. So spirit-led, spirit manifesting, tongue-alking, Holy Ghost filled people were killed as heretics under this red horse. And the power was given to him that he set therein to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another. And there was given unto him a great sword. May God bless his word as you could be seated this morning. Amen. Uh it is Mother's Day. [Music] 540509, a Mother's Day message, the invasion of the United States of [Laughter] [Music] America. Seriously, Brother Bram said, "Maybe brother Neville will bring a nicer message tonight. Since we don't have a second service, I'm going to have to close differently than I start. Brother Ram says to you little mothers here this morning that's been real mothers. I know there's many of you and I think of every one of you. Let me tell you something. God bless you. You're the fifth gospel. You're the fifth gospel. There's Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and Mama. Let me tell you, mama's gospel is powerful. As the saying goes, the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world. Now, brother Brandham will take this saying in just another paragraph below. He'll say, "Remember when Moses was a little boy, his mother gave him instruction, and it was a godly mother that took little Moses on her knees, and Moses taught him all. He was her he he was her teacher, or she was his teacher, rather. And under Pharaoh, now these things, see, Moses, someday, you're going to deliver the children of Israel. You're the boy that's called keep yourself pure and unspotted from the world. You're the one now. Right in Pharaoh's house, this woman was teaching her son different than what Pharaoh was teaching him. You're the one you're going to deliver your children, the children from this place. Now, no other place do we know where he ever went to in his seminary. All of his teaching he ever got. He stayed right there in Phthalo's palace, which was heathen. But his mother taught him. Look at the power of this mother in Pharaoh's house. He never had no seminary. But his mother taught him. And that's a real mother. She taught him the precepts of the Lord. She told him how he must be holy. She told him how and what he must live and what he must do and would do for him. And God and it stuck with Moses all the days of his life. And any true loyal mother that'll ever take little babies instead of sending them to a picture show or a dance or so forth and she'll put them on her lap and teach them about the Lord Jesus. And here the other day he said, "I was talking to a mother on the telephone and brother," she said, "Brother Billy, my poor boy's in trouble." I said, "Oh, what trouble's he in?" And she said, "Well, I know about it, sister dear." And she said, "Oh, he's wrong, brother. I don't know. He said, "She says this, one says this and one says that." And and he says, "But she says, mother says, no matter what, whether he's wrong or not, I love him." Yeah. And there you are. I love him. He said to his mother, "I've been so deceived by these things, mother. I believe that you're the only sweetheart I really have." Ain't that nice when a boy sees his mama as a sweetheart? Amen. Now, it she's a she's a real friend to you. And I'll tell you that from being 50 years old, you never quit being a mama's baby. They love you your whole life. Amen. That's a real mother's love. See, they'll put their arms around their baby. Now, regardless of whether they're right or whether they're wrong, and she goes right on. Amen. If a mother can think of that of her baby, how much more can God think of his, you stay right with him? Now, there was another mother in the Bible. Amen. And there was a mother called Herodia and she taught her daughter how to tap dance because she wanted her to be popular. And she danced before the king but then required the head of John the Baptist. And we are recorded of 70 of her offsprings. This damsel that danced before Herodous daughter danced before Herod. 70 of her offsprings either they were prostitutes or went to the gallows. Amen. Now watch what happened. Here's a mother that motherthered Moses in the house of Pharaoh. Amen. And look, he becomes such a man. One mother taught her taught hers the things of the world. The other mother taught the things of God. One become a leader and a conqueror. Amen. And is a mortal among men today. And the other is debed and in hell and taken thousands times thousands withered. Do you see what I mean? Bring up a child in the way that it should go. Amen. bring up a child in the way it'll go. If it goes, it won't depart. It'll come back. Amen. Just keep that teaching right now. I want to maybe just move over in the scripture for a moment as we're going to continue on this revelations contained under the seals. Amen. I I hope this has been okay study with you all. I certainly have been immensely personally blessed because of the studies of things. And I don't know uh how many of you uh study scripture with history and and with the seal book and things, but I I was just telling Cararissa on the way this morning uh I I I've I've studied the seal book very strongly in the church age book and heard the tapes and went through the Bible, but I've never uh really dug so deeply in history as I have recently. Uh but it's amazing to me because if you if you really get into the history of the world, you actually think that that John must have been writing this in consecutive with it the history happening and then him writing it. But he actually wrote these things, some of them 500, a thousand years and in our case 2,000 years before they ever happened. But he he wrote them with more accuracy than the historians could write them because he knew the motive behind what was actually happening. His revelation is actually more accurate than the historians that recorded. And I can prove that by the Bible because Paul's revelation was more accurate than Peter. Amen. Who was right there with Jesus. Amen. But Paul had a revelation that was more accurate and actually said it was so accurate that he said anybody that would argue with my revelation let them be cursed. Amen. So the revelation is more accurate than the historians or uh even what the church wants to relate. Amen. The revelation is the accurate part because they some took it one way and some took it another and read one historian it says this and another says this but the accurate part of it is the revelation of what really happened and what was really behind what was happening. Now amen. Uh if you were here with us Thursday night, we dug deeply into Revelations the 13th chapter and we was speaking of the Roman Empire and the changing of the Roman Empire from paganism unto papal Rome and how that it influenced the denominational era of the Protestant churches which never were even in existence until after Martin Luther. If you go back and look at all the history records and out of Luther it came swingly and then the Baptist and the Anabaptist and and on and on came. So denominational as you know it today was only birthed after the times of Martin Luther. Now we we want to if we can go into Revelations the 17th chapter with you and and let's read the first verse. Amen. Now because we're we're looking at the second seal there and we've been studying deeply on the red horse. Amen. And there came one of the seven angels. Amen. that had the seven vows and talked with me, saying, "Come hither, and I will show unto thee the judgment." Now, look at that. He's going to show the judgment of the great So, when you read Revelations 18, you're going to read about the judgment of this of of Can I just call it a prostitute? Would that be all right with you all? Amen. And and but you're going to read about this prostitute. Amen. And and the Bible says, "Come hither and I will show unto thee the judgment of this prostitute that setth upon many waters." Now, first thing we got to do is discover who is this and what is the waters she's sitting on. Now, number one, we recognize that this uh brother Bam calls it a prostitute or a He said, "Excuse me, but that's the language of the Bible. But she's a foul woman, and I hate to say the word, but it's written here. It's a woman that professes to be a good woman and commits adultery with other men. Now, if a woman then represents a church, then it's a church that professes to be Christian but commits adultery in other things. So, what you're reading about is a a great prostitute is a woman. It's a church. But this woman is not a clean woman. She's a she's a church, but she has brought in other lovers. Amen. In other words, Amen. She is uh says that she's clean. She says that she is a a pure virtuous, the only church, the only people, but really she's committed adultery with other things and she has brought in uncleanness. Now, of course, uh uncleanness would speak of fornication or adulteries. In other words, she has other lovers. Amen. Now, it's it's uh as the scripture says, this woman then siteth upon many waters. Now, if you're a Bible reader, you can just look right across the page in Revelation 17 and 15. And the Bible says, "And the waters which thou sawest where the horse siteth are the peoples and multitudes and nations and tongues." So, she setth upon many people. Now, we read Revelations 13 and1 on Thursday night and showed you that there was a beast that come up out of the sea. Remember her? That beast that come up out of the sea is Revelations 13. We see that now the Bible's revealing in Revelation 17 her judgment as she set it upon many waters. Now let's move into this next verse here if we can. And the scripture says, "In whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication." Now the kings of the earth have committed fornication. So whoever this woman is, this this church that is unclean, she has not been alone in her fornication. She has not committed adultery by herself. But the Bible says the kings of the earth have committed this with her. Now if you know a history, and this is where history gets very interesting to me, is you look at this Roman Catholic church which is speaking of, you'll find out that she committed fornications with the kings of the earth. Now uh it's a it's a great study. Amen. Meaning that she intermingled her religion with the kings of the earth. Now uh when when you uh study uh history, you'll find that in the 88 800s was a king named Charlemagne. How many is relevant with Charlemagne? You know who Charlemagne is? Charlemagne was a Frankish king which kind of when Yeah, of course. Amen. That's some of his favorite studying. Amen. when a Frankish king who was when France and Germany basically were one kingdom. Amen. There was a king named Charlemagne that was over them. Amen. But but something special about Charlemagne in church history is he was the first ever king to travel to Rome to be uh uh to be crowned by the pope. So in December uh uh 25th which would been Christmas day in 800, Charlemagne become crowned by a pope. Now the problem with this is is anytime somebody puts a crown on your head that means they had power to do it. So that crown then existed under the power of the Roman church and France was influenced by the influence of the Roman church. So the kings of the earth. Now they began this and actually for over a thousand years the Roman Catholic Church placed crowns upon king's heads all throughout Europe. Can you imagine that? The Roman church was putting authority upon kings to be kings upon the earth. See, what they were doing was teaching they had authority in the in the world that they were they were the one. If they said you were king, you were king. But see, they wasn't innocent in what they were doing because they wanted the inhabitants of the earth to drink of their wine. They wanted they wanted everybody to take the Kool-Aid. Can we say it better this way? They wanted to intoxicate the world. So the way to get the inhabitants of the earth was to get the kings of the earth. If I can get the kings, I can get the people under them. Because if we give the king enough power, then he'll make the people come subject to the Roman church and we'll never have to even raise a hand. Now, Charlemagne, amen, was the king. And and if you look into history, it's a pretty bad it's a pretty bad uh thing because uh according to history, Charlemagne killed masses in the name of Christianity. Amen. It it How many knows who the Saxons are? Amen. As in Anglo-Saxons. Amen. The Saxons were at one time in Germany under the Frankish rule, the Germanic people that before they moved to England, who now we are Anglo-Saxons from England. But before that time, they were there and Charlemagne, amen, decided everybody was going to become Christians. So he began to put pressure on the people to become Christians. Now it's easy when you're reading history because they make it as though they were pagans and Christians. But see, that's not accurate history because the revelation will teach you that there was a lot of people who were being killed as pagans were heretic and they were heretics, but they really wasn't. They were really the original church. Amen. That was worshiping God under the dictates of their hearts according to the teachings of the Bible. Amen. But this Roman church under these kings decided you will only worship under this formal religion of the trinitarian doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church. And if you don't, we will kill you. This this one king, Charlemagne, I don't have time to preach all of them, but I'll I'll show you this one. Charlemagne actively promoted Christianity. In some cases, used force to spread, particularly during his campaigns against the Saxons. He is known He is known for the for the massacre of Verdon where he killed 4,500 so-called pagans in one slaughter. Amen. He he ruled over 4,500 at one time and said, "You're all pagans. You're going to die." And you know why they were dying? Because they wouldn't take a trinitarian baptism of the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Now, isn't that something? Amen. and and how now it's it's in history. Amen. Charlemagne had a zeal and a military prowess that led to forced conversions of many non-Christian populations, expanding his empire and the Roman Empire. He viewed Christianity as a crucial vision to the United Kingdom and how he could bring all his subjects into the Christian fold. What a wonderful evangelist he was. Amen. the massacre of Verdon. Amen. During the Saxon Wars where Frankish King Charlemagne ordered 4,500 in October of 782. Amen. He done it under this one law. And I can't speak Latin and I'm not going to try to give you he'll be Latin, but this is the law. And I I can't pronounce the name of it, but I'll read the law to you. If anyone of the race of these Saxons hereafter concealed among them, shall have wished to hide himself unbaptized, he shall scorn to come to baptism, and shall have wished to remain a pagan, let him be punished by death. Anybody that wouldn't climb under the sprinkling spout of the Roman church and be baptized in trinitarian doctrine, let him be put to death. Now we wonder how that the trinitarian doctrine of the father, son, and holy ghost gain such power when they read the Christian books and and and today when brother Brandham under the seals begin to teach the doctrine of the oneness of the godhead and the baptism of the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, people begin to look back in history and said, "Well, they baptized this way back in 300s and 800s and 900s." Well, of course they did because everybody that didn't died. Amen. But you got to take history back a little further than the 800s. You got to go back further than the 300s. Go back to the book of Acts with the apostles with the foundation of this church. And Paul said, "Let every teaching of the church, let every teaching, if he'd be an angel that would come from heaven or anybody else and would say something different than I say, let him be accursed." Amen. Because what we were finding that was Paul. You find me one place in this Bible where Paul ever taught trinitarianism or he ever baptized in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost or he ever taught organization or denominationalism. It's not in the Bible. Can I say it the way Jesus said it? It's not so from the beginning. But what they did is they so hybridized it and anybody that didn't believe their hybrid religion was going to die till they thought they could stomp it out and they could kill it out. Oh, that God has always had somewhere. He's had a little group somewhere that he would hide the truth in life. And in the middle of the persecutions, in the middle of the inquisitions, in the middle of the red horse riding to stomp out all truth, there was a mother. There was a beautiful woman called the bride that held the sacred virtues of the word of God. Amen. My hallelujah. Yes, sir. And the kings of the earth committed this with her. Can you imagine the fornications and the adultery, the twisting of the word of God? They took it from the hands of the people and put it in the control of the ministry. Yes. Now, this is why the white horse was so powerful is because his lie of nickelism was so wrong. But it was taught so it was so innocent. It was so innocent. Come on. Now you watch and see the scripture says that her fornications, the inhabitants of the earth drank with the wine of her fornication. They were intoxicated. They were intoxicated with this false teachings. Loved it. Now the Bible says that he carried me in a way in the spirit into the wilderness and I saw a woman. There's your church and she set upon a scarlet colored beast and there it is right there's your Roman Empire. There's that beast. That woman said on that beast and it had full of names of blasphemy. We are the ones. Our church is the right church. That's right. You got to watch that one, don't you? Cuz that's not just in the history books. You hear that in modern days? You don't come to our church, you can't even be saved. Well, if you're not under my ministry, you'll never get the rapture. Well, that's a lie out of the pits of hell. There'll be a bride. There'll be a virgin bride. She'll be worldwide because she's elected from the foundation of the world. You don't go in the rapture because you come to True Her Tabernacle. You're going to be in the rapture because your name was in the Lamb's Book of Life from the foundation of the world. It's not It's not Wayne Lawson. Amen. Or Brother Ericson or one of these men of God. And anytime Oh my goodness. It's a nickel in spirit, folks. Brother Bam said it back there. They told somebody he was going to baptize them. They said, they told me if I get baptized that way, they was going to take my name off of the book. Brother said, "What difference does that make?" And they said, "Well, if your name wasn't on the book, you couldn't go to heaven." Amen. I tell you what, I don't care if my name's on any church book as long as it's in the Lamb's Book of Life, what difference does it really make? Because if your name is in the Lamb's Book of Life, God will move heaven and earth to put you in the rapture. Let me say it like this. If your name is there and you know it's there, you say, "How do I know it's there?" Because the Bible teaches us, amen, that you can see your name by the preaching of this mystery of this end time. When you recognize this word to be eagle food, you have heard from your theophony. You have recognized your name on the lamb's book of life. Amen. And my name ain't no church book and it ain't no denomination and it ain't on a preachers's list and it ain't a part of a membership, but my name has been written in the lamb's book of life where God has birthed us in this age. Hallelujah. What a devil. What a what a stinking old rotten devil to take the glory out of the blood and out of the Holy Ghost and put it in some church. Join our church and you'll be saved. That's a lie. That's right. That's right. Brother Brand preaches it in thinking man's filter if you want to. He he makes it. Here's the way he describes it. Smoking a filtered cigarette opposed to smoking an unfiltered cigarette. If you had a picture of lungs of an unfiltered cigarette smoker and you had the picture of lungs of a filtered cigarette smoker, they look the same. filtered or unfiltered, they're a cigarette smoker. You take the soul of an unbeliever in the world and you take the soul of an unbeliever in a church and you look at their soul and it's the same whether it's filtered or unfiltered. Cuz the only way to change that soul is by the new birth of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. There's no other way, folks. Amen. It ain't filtered or unfiltered. It's born or unborn. It ain't the church you join. Glory. You see those those things come up in there. And this color scarlet colored beast was full of this blasphemy. We're the one. And brother Bam quotes that we're the one. They were the people were drunk on the church is the only church. The Catholic church is the only church. And the kings were killing people that didn't agree with that. My church is the only church. If you don't like it, I'll kill you. Now, this woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet. Now, of course, this is dealing with with her her royalty and her beauty, and she's decked with gold and precious stones. I've been over there. I saw it. She's decked with gold. Yeah, they got more gold over there. I saw one rug. They had it hanging on the wall. Uh they don't call them rugs, I don't think. But what? That's hillbilly. You know, they don't call them rugs. This This thing had a hundred kilos of gold in it. The threading it threaded in with 100 kilos of gold. I done the figures. Just the just the gold in the rug without antiquity value. It was worth $10 million. That was just one rug. You talk about decked with gold. All right. The greatest artwork in the world, the most ancient museums, the greatest the wealth of the world. I asked my tour guide. I said, "What's this Vatican worth?" He said, "It's worth more than any other country in the world." Wow. 100 acres. Wow. 100 acres. But a city, 18th verse of Revelation 17, but a city that reignth over kings. Where is there another city that reignth over kings? She carried me away, and I saw this woman sitting on the scarlet beast full of names and blasphemy, having seven heads and 10 horns. Seven heads. The seven hills of Rome. I saw them. Yes, sir. The seven heads. You'll find also speak of the dictators and the emperors before the switch of pagan to paple. We got the actual names if you'd like them. The 10 horns speak of the 10 toes of the 10 kingdoms of Daniel's vision. And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls and having a golden cup in her hand full of the abominations and the filthiness and the fornication. Here's what she was the given to the inhabitants of the earth was this cup of abomination. And and it could I call it the cup of iniquity? And the people were drinking. Didn't Didn't they ask Jesus to drink of his cup? When he was on the earth, they said, "We we want to drink of your cup." And Jesus said, "You could drink of my cup." Remember that? You can drink of the cup. So to drink of the cup of the word, amen is to drink of it, to participate, to receive it, to Drink the Kool-Aid. That's modern language. You drink it. You're drinking the Kool-Aid. Now, we say it with a um how could I say it? With a negative connation because we mean it in a negative way. Amen. That but we find out this that we see the golden cup and the handful of abominations and filthies and fornications. And upon her forehead was a name written mystery Babylon. Now, now this church has got the name of mystery Babylon. Now Babylon is a city which has existed long before it which was important and and John would have understood Babylon because Babylon would have been amen that region of the world but Babylon why mystery Babylon is because it's a church. It's a religion but it is a Christian so-called church but it has the teachings of Babylon in it. Now I could give you maybe a little history lesson. I'm not going to, but this is where and I'll tie it to a scripture. You can look at it later, but look in your Pergamus church age and see what the prophet said about the seed of Satan and how the Adalas wield the Babylonian religion to the Roman Empire before it was papal Rome. The Roman Empire became Babylonian in its worship. And we find then that's how Babylon got into the Catholic Church because the Roman Empire had the Babylonian worship. They had all the idols. Uh I was just with a uh she had two doctorate degrees, a historian over there when I was doing that tour and and we were discussing some of these things and she said, "Well, where do you think happened to all the pagans?" She said, "They didn't just disappear." I said, "No, I know what happened to them. Come on now. It's just like you remember years ago when when uh we invaded Iraq, America, we her shame and her glory. We we did it. We was in Iraq and remember they had like a big old huge standing army. Y'all remember that? And the army was coming, but when the when the Americans uh that was in my day, I guess back in the early 90s, but when the Americans went in real strong and they started taking Well, Chris, the army disappeared. Yeah. Remember that Vernon? You remember that? The army disappeared. What happened to the army? They just took off their their army clothes and put on their regular clothes and said, "I'm just a regular Joe." And the pagans just took off their pagan robes and put on their papa robes. They didn't go anywhere. They just changed their approach. Do you see what what what what happens is upon the name is written mystery Babylon. Now watch the great the mother of harlots. Now this is amazing to me because you watch in the verse one. She is a great that sets upon many waters. But by verse five, it's calling her a mother. And she's mothering not sons, but churches. And those churches are not virgin churches. They're harlot churches. She's now went from being a to being a mother, bringing forth denominations. Look what it is. It's an abomination to the earth. And I saw this woman was drunken with the blood of the saints, which the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. When I saw her, I wondered with great admiration. Amen. Isn't it amazing that when he begins to look at her, Amen, he actually sees that she has drunk. Amen. She has drunk with the wine of the blood of the saints because she is the one by her doctrine by her giving forth of this cup she was bringing the people under death. Now if you watch she is full of doctrine. Now you say preacher really what is the doctrine that you're speaking of? Can I just specifically give you two two elements of doctrine that causes a church to become like this one in the Bible? There are two elements of this and you'll find them in the book of revelations under the Pergamus age and you'll find Revelations 2 and verse1 14 and verse1 15 in the Pergamus age which is the per Can you put that picture up if you can the Pergamus age aligning with the horse riders you can see that under the second seal I'm just showing you this so it can tie together the seals uh with the church ages for you in your mind that second seal which is the red horse rider watch it fall under the pagamus and the thyrian age and at the end of the thyroid age, the black horse begins to ride. So if you're looking in your church age book, you're looking at Pergamus and Thitara as the red horse rider, which is also Revelations the 2nd chapter, the 14th verse. And watch what it was that God had against the Pergamus church, but they held two doctrines. They had that doctrine of the nickelism, and they also had the doctrine of Balism. Yeah. So they taught like Balam taught, but they did it through a nicicoatan system. Now nickelism, you can take it down now if you'd like. Nicoleism is actually speaking of the hierarchy. Again, it's it's uh and I'll just give you real quick, we'll move on, but this is dealing with bishop and elders. Now, this is real important because what happens is they call it bishop and elders. In other words, there's a bishop that will rule over multiple churches and then there would be an elder in each church which would be called a local elder and a bishop would be over a bunch of elders. But brother Ram said they got it mixed up because actually a pastor is the highest authority of the local church. How many knows he said it? He says but bishop is speaking of the pastorship and he said the elder speaks of his age. It wasn't that there would be a man over a bunch of churches and all of them would be elders. See, that's a nicotan teaching. Now, if you argue with me, you're directly arguing with brother Brandham, and I can read it to you if you'd rather me do it. But he said the mixup with bishop and elders. Now, you said, "Preacher, we've seen that in the message." And we have, but it's still nicotism. Whether it was in the message or the Baptist or the theolog, it don't matter where it's at. That's the reason this church age book is your best friend when you're discerning the two spirits that work within the framework of the Christian church. We've seen it. Amen. I I I I could start naming doctrines, but I'm not going to. But but we've seen that spirit work and how that bishops and they rise up and then they get pastors under them. And you know what's bad is uh uh if the if the pastor, brother Eric, disagrees with the bishop, you know what happens to the poor elder? Amen. Amen. The bishop moves him out of the way, splits his church, tears the guy down, and he pretty much loses his ministry. Amen. Because But but look now, he should have never built a platform for a bishop over his church. He should have stayed with the Bible as a spirit-led man of God and said there is nothing over the pastor in the local assembly. That's right. Amen. Do you see now and watch what watch what's taking place when you start putting when you start putting bishops and and and and they start ruling then they get a certain direction or they get a certain teaching or they and usually in in our case it usually goes something like you know well brother Brandham said this but and then that's when you're placed under a man instead of the message the headship of the church should be Christ. Come on, church. The word of this age come out of a prophet that is a vindicated headship to the church of the living God. That's why in this church, you heard me say it often. Amen. If if I say something that's contrary to what brother Brandham said, you just say, "Poor brother Wayne, we'll pray for him." And you believe what the prophet said, would you please? It is not offensive to me for you to take the prophet's words over mine. It just means I've done a good job. Now watch because because what happens is is you're seeing a nickelism and that nickelism because of that they separated the church from the word. Now they can put a Balum teaching in there. Right now watch what they did under Balum teaching. How many knows what Bale Por is in the scripture? Bale peor is from the book of numbers. And what happened was when Balam, amen, was hired by Bao through religion, he was supposed to curse the Holy Ghost move of God. Remember Moses was moving through Moab and Bailo said, "We can't let this kind of move happen. So, we got to get us a religious stop. We got to get us a preacher that'll preach against that Holy Ghost stuff and make a heretic out of anybody that believes in the Holy Ghost. We we got to just call them holy rollers and we got to make bad names out of them people. Make nobody want to be like that, you know. But when Baum went to curse them, he said, "I've done everything I can do." He But God has blessed these people. How can I curse them when God's already blessed them? And he went back to Bailo and he said, "Look, Bail, I can't curse these people, but I can teach you a way. I can show you a way that their own God will punish them." Yes, sir. Balam said, bail said, "Come on, do the teaching." He said, 'Well, you put up a feast. Now, this is paraphrasing and I'm going to going to say it instead of read it. Okay, so but Balam put up a feast in Moab called the feast of Bale Por and they invited all of the Israelite people down to eat meat and have a unity party and and and and after all, we're all one. We're all one. No, no, no, no. We're not all one, folks. that brother Brandham said teaching alone weakened Israel and that's why they turned around and went back and said we're nothing bigger than grasshoppers because they saw themselves on an equal human basis with them in the Canaanite and Palestine and the Malachites but they wasn't the same. They were Abraham's children. Amen. And as Abraham's children they were heirs whoever promised in the land. Listen, you cannot measure David and Goliath the same. Glock might be bigger, but David was a son of Abraham. Come on, church. We are not just another church. We are not just another people. We are Nazerites, sacred virginborn church of the living God. We are not just something else. We are not just another church or another denomination. We hold a sacred trust of the virtue of the word of God. Yeah, you can find a you can find a bad woman on every corner. Solomon said you can't find a good man in a thousand and not one good woman in them. It's the reason he said it was a precious and a a wonderful thing. The sacredness of her. So they took the doctrines of Balum that Balam taught them. They're all the same, which was what weakened them. But when they got down to the feast of Bior, how many knows what happens? Brother Bram said, "Them Israelite men was not counting on the beauty of those Moabites women." So they committed fornication. That's right. Man, that's tough stuff. Listen. 24,000 died because of the feast of Belpor because Balum taught them to commit fornication. What is the teaching of this church, that Roman church? What's it teaching the people to do? To commit fornication on God. By therefore not just naturally killing them. They naturally killed 68 million. But how many did they put to spiritual death, spiritually dead because of the teaching of Balum through the nickelans? They separated God from his word and gave him form instead of the power of God. Listen, God cannot operate outside of his word. That's right. Listen, brother ma'am said you cannot replace spiritual manifestation with form. You cannot replace spiritual manifestation with form. Jesus said the father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. So the works of the church must be done by the father dwelling in them. You cannot separate them from it. You can't do it. It must be a spirit manifested word that comes into the church of the living God. Now look what happens. They actually caused this balanism to come and 24,000 dies. Now, amen. For the for the I know it's ain't to my church, but to a critic listening to me, Amen. You you you think Brother Bram said 500 one place said 700, the other. And you want to dislodge him? Well, the Bible said 24,000 in the book of Numbers, but Paul now he got real messed up and said there was 23,000 died. 1 Corinthians 10:8, he missed it by a thousand. I guess Paul was false prophet. Yeah. Figuring the way they figure. Well, I tell you what, I never learned to add and subtract like that. 24,000 or 23,000. Paul was right. Well, I'm just going to take the Bible. Which one? 24,000. 23,000? Both Bible. Come on. Critical thinking will put you back on in a denominational place. The spirit of revelation is the eagle of the age that it'll kill every spirit of unbelief. The revelation is a lot of people died because of that false doctrine. [Applause] Pill of fire showed up in Houston Coliseum. Brother Bam said there was 30,000 or something or he said there was 400 ushers and they got mixed up with 400 ushers or 100 ushers and they pillar of fire up here. [Music] I'm not guessing. I got a picture of it and no matter how many critics take that picture and say it's no good. Of course they say it's no good. Of course they say. But we didn't even take it. But Carrie, I love it. We didn't take it. The critics took it. That's like taking Goliath's sword and cutting off his own head. You take the picture of Put it up there right quick. You take this picture of a prophet. This ain't in my notes. And the pillar of fire over his head. Amen. It's like taking the sword of Goliath and cutting his own head off. I love to show it when I preach. I love for it to flash up on the screen. Goliath. Amen. I come to you in the name of the Lord. history, Bible, Revelation, it all says that's the angel of the covenant. That is Jesus Christ that's returned to this age. The same one that wrote the Old Testament under Moses and wrote the New Testament under Paul has come now to reveal the revelation that is written in this Bible. We are not an inherent bride. We are an infallible bride built upon the word. Amen. Heavens and earth could pass away, but my word, it will never pass away. So, oh, this bride will fall like other brides. No, sir, she won't. This bride will never fail. She's already pregnantated with the unadulterated, germatized word of almighty God. Yes, sir, she's pregnantated with it. She cannot fall from it because she is the word. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. She is the word. She's not like the word. She's not just believing the word. She is the word. She's the spirit manifesting power of almighty God. Then they say, "A little while and the world seeth me no more. For I will be with you, even in you, until the end of the age." And that same Jesus stood in the body of this bride to manifest these end time messages. It's in you this morning to believe it. Oh, forgive me. It's not my notes. Feels awful good though. They get drunk on the wine of that fornication. I get drunk on the wine of truth. It's intoxicating to feel the truth of God come flowing in a building uninhibited, unrestricted. Thank you, true tabernacle. Thank you for your faith and your belief. Thank you for an open pullpit to preach this message. Thank you for the preaching. Amen. To a place to preach and teach the power of God. A real mother you are. Hallelujah. How about he miss some room intoxicated on the truth of God. Sure they're full of the doctrine of baalism and nickelism. Can you imagine ba when they got married? That's brother B said they they they got married there under BPR and he said that's what Constantine did to the church married it to Babylonian religion and the marriage caused the problem cuz you're joining up with something that won't correct itself to the word. That's the reason you never get in an organization. People tried for years to tell me how wrong I was in my ministry that I need to be out in this organization that one trying to convert. And I said, "Well, if Brother Brandham couldn't convert him, how in the world could a simple hillbilly like me convert him?" But I feel God gave me a different ministry. He gave me a ministry to preach what has been preached in this age. Right. Now they taught that nickelans taught that bailic doctrine and brought fornication into the church where brother Brandham says he says that the same spirit that causes spiritual fornication is the spirit found in the denominational church church age book. Amen. So, Brother Wayne, I think we ought to just bring them all in. I don't. I think you ought to flee it like the plague. You said them people, them are wonderful people. That organization is the mark of the beast. And I do not apologize one bit. It is the mark of the beast. Young people flee it like it's a plague. Amen. Someday they may quieten your pastor's voice, but don't never forget this. It's the mark of the beast. Amen. Of course, bishops and elders took the control of hierarchy of organization, took the spirit manifestation out and separated it. As Balam began to teach formalism of a fundamental altar and do away with the spirit manifestation. Look what it was. They committed fornications. They joined up. They joined up with it. Now in Revelation 17 and5 the Bible covers this when it speaks of the Thyra church age. Now if you're a Bible reader that's Revelations 2 and verse 18. The Thitara age parallels the fifth verse of Revelation 17. And this was a great mother of harlots. She was the mother of harlots. Now, if you're looking in Revelations 2 under the Thitara age, brother Bram said, "This thyra was known as a dominating female." Now, I got some powerful quotes. I just ain't going to read them all because I don't have time. But, Brother Bram said it was never given a woman an iron will. He said she was never given the disposition of an iron will. She was given a submissive spirit. That a woman should submit to her husband. Amen. A church has to have a spirit to submit to the word. Yes, sir. I don't care what brother Brandham said. Well, I do. Yes, sir. When David stood up there and said, "I want a drink from the well of Bethlehem." And they had the they had them they had a a garrison of Philistines around that well. His men heard that and brother Bram said his desire became their command. Hallelujah. If God wants our ladies to dress a certain way, if it's his desire, it's our command. If he wants us to baptize a certain way, he wants us to operate the church a certain way. If it's his desire, it's our command. We are not a rebellious people. We easily submit. Let me say this. If we teach it different than brother Brandham, it's just cuz we ain't read it yet. But if you think I teach it different, Brother Brandham, wait till you go read it first cuz I might not be the one reading it wrong. Come on. Do you see? They got drunk on that doctrine that they was the ones right and they were the inhabitants was accepting that and it was nothing more than according to the scripture a dominating woman a prostitute that has children. Now I want to read from here in Revelation 17. Watch this. Daughters go to Revelations 2 and 20. And the Bible says that woman Jezebel. Now, isn't it amazing? He's bringing Jezebel in to Revelations the 17th chapter. Jezeb that woman Jezebel. Now, watch. It's become a her. Now, the doctrines have turned into a her. The church is now embodying the doctrine of this nickel and this baalism and it's now known as Jezebel. Now watch Jezebel in the scripture. Now you that have read about Jezebel know she lived in the time of Ahab. Brother Brham said, "Watch her." She was the daughter of a murdering idolatry and she became the wife of a so-called son of God. And he happened to be the king of Israel. It was a political marriage between heathenism and and Israel, which now y'all have to pay attention here because you have 10 tribes. Now, I I want to make this parallel. I want you to catch it. So, I'm not going to I'm not going to preach it. I want to just say it to you. You've got the Roman Catholic Church and you have denominations of Protestants. Watch in the scripture. You have Israel, 10 tribes, and you have Judah, two tribes. They're all Israel as they are the Christian church. But they're separate. Remember, they got separated just after Solomon, his son, he brought separation in, and they separated the kingdoms and the 10 tribes that were now called Israel. Those 10 tribes had a man named Ahab who was ruling over them. And when Ahab married Jezebel, she brought in her unbelief with her. So instead of her converting, she brought in. Now, Brother Bam said it. He said, "If a good boy marry a bad woman," he said, "Either she'll become a good woman or he'll become a bad man." That was why he told our our young people to be careful how you marry. That's right. And he says, watch how she brought that Jezebel in and instead of her converting to Jehovah God, she started worshiping Baal and Aarda and to and to make her happy. Now that Babylon, watch it, Baal. And they wanted to make her happy. So he be to build temples that then became bigger than the temples they had to worship Jehovah. The Bible goes so far as to say on every high place they had altars built unto Baal. Isn't that something? And they would place them altars and they would worship. And this in this season, remember, they begin to persecute the prophets and the priests of Jehovah and put them to death. That's when God sent Elijah on the scene. Remember, right in the middle of that, Elijah come on the scene. Amen. and begin to curse Jezebel and curse Ahab and tell him what their futures were going to be. But if you watch this now, she Jezebel was as the harlot church, but she had daughters. And just as Jezebel had a natural daughter, the Roman church had a daughter of spiritual likeness. Amen. In being they were organization. Now watch. Jezebel had a daughter named Athela. I think that's pronounced correctly. Athela. A t h e l i a I believe Aila. And she had a daughter named Athela. It's in the scripture. And and and and this this woman Athela married one of the kings of Judah. So now Jezebel's daughter is taking the sins of Israel, Ahab and Jezebel, and carrying them over into the Lutheran church. I mean over into Judah. Yeah. And now Judah is taking the same uncleanness that has been found in Israel, which called God to curse him through Elijah and bring the famine upon the land. But now through Athela, Jezebel's daughter, they have brought the same teachings into Judah. And watch this. And when when when the Bible said, Amen, that when her son died, who was supposed to sit up on the throne, y'all know what they did? This woman, Athela, she was a murdering woman. That's right. She was a dominating female just like her mama. And the moment her son died, who was supposed to be sitting on the throne of Judah, Amen. She killed the entire line of kings. She killed every king. Amen. I think it was uh seven of them. Amen. She killed every one of them that could by blood sit on the throne of Judah because she was taking the throne. She had exalted herself. This is Bible. She exalted herself as the queen of Judah in the place of God's seed had promised David forever thou shalt sit upon the throne of but watch in the middle of that slaughter in the middle of the slaughter of the was an aunt in there and she looked over and saw Joash and he was just an infant boy and she ran and grabbed Joash and took off running and hid him in the temple. And the scripture tells us that there was seven years passed that Aila ruled that while all the time little Joash was growing up in the secrets, he was growing up in the dark places. Because after a little while, Amen. God was going to reveal there is still one who owns the throne. There is a real Oh, church of the living God. For seven ages, this Aila, Jezebel, and her daughters have been trying to take away the throne that belongs to the church of God. But the whole time, there's been a little bride. She's been hid in the scripture. Every time in this church age, every time, glory be to God, every time in this church age, he speaks to a bad vine, he speaks to a good one, because God has never forgot that there's coming a bride. There's coming one growing up out of it. I will have a fruit tree. There'll be a bride tree in the last days. There'll be one coming that'll bear the fruit of almighty God. Yes, there's a harlot. Yes, there's a prostitute. Yes, there's a mother of their systems. Oh, but there's another one. [Applause] She's mentioned every time. What's the scripture? Let's read it. And the angel said unto me, why you marvel? I'll tell you the mystery of this woman and of the beast and that carth her which has seven heads. Have we heard the mystery? Whatever angel was talking to John must have been talking here in the last days or something. Yes, Lord. All right. The beast that thou sawest and is not, and ascend out of the bottomless pit, and goeth into predition, and they that dwell on the earth, and they now, isn't it amazing? Right in the heart of the center of the revelation of revealing this prostitute in her system. He's going to talk about people whose names he's telling you there's a seed remains. There's a people that's in the lamb's book of life from the foundation of the world. And when they beheld the beast that was and is and is not, how many knows what that is? The beast that is and is was not and is and is and is not. It's the pope. I was standing there the other day, brother. It was the neatest thing. We was in the Vatican and they had these tubs made out of Chris' like to have one of them things. Big old big old pretty tubs. They were made out of marble. Some of the prettiest marble. And they was highly polished, beautiful tubs. I don't know where they carried the water from, but they had carry a while. It was they were nice. And the guy, he looks over at us and he says, "These tubs have not moved from this spot in 800 years." Look, you know they had no woman pope, right? She would have rearranged that. Y'all know it's true. Man was in charge. He said that that bath hasn't moved in 800 years. And I thought, there it is. They have come and went for 800 years. Yeah. And not even move the bathtub. that which was and was not. Look at what they do. They left that system, rise and fall of popes. But that system never changed. It's the same ungodly system that started in A325 that rules today. Amen. But watch, but what is happening is is God is revealing. He's revealing to the church. Amen. what it is. And he's revealing how that the church in the last days will under the spirit of wisdom and understanding will be able to understand why things are what they were about. And we're going to be Now, the Bible tells us in 2 Thessalonians 2 that there would be a revealing of the of the man of sin. How many knows when that happened? When the first seal opened, there's a revealing of the man of sin. And watch what's happening at that same time is coming a restoration to the church. In Joel the 2 chapter, watch it now. It has to stay there. In Joel chapter 2, you watch the Bible say, amen, that behold, rejoice thou daughter of Zion. Rejoice greatly, thou daughter of Zion. So Zion has daughters. Zion is the new Jerusalem. There's a prostitute with daughters, but Zion has daughters. If there is a false woman, there's a real woman. Brother Bam said, "You got to see the contrast. What good would day be without night?" What good would a good woman be if you never seen a bad one? But when you've seen a bad woman, you know how to respect a good one. You know the virtue and the character of a real good woman. Somebody said, "Well, brother Wayne, I tell you what, I I grew up in the world and I messed up my life and and maybe maybe that's me." No, no. I want to show you a beautiful picture. Back in the days of Elijah, remember when he cursed Jezebel? Remember what kind of woman she was? She cursed him. But in this generation under a prophet, Brother Brandham walks into a a cafe right here in Ohio. And when he walks in, he looks at a woman sitting there, which is a bad woman. and she's got shorts and makeup and drunk and flirting with young men. And brother Bam said, "Oh, it made me sick to my stomach." And I I thought, "How could God ever do anything?" He said, "And all of a sudden, the voice of the Lord said, "Step behind the door." And he stepped behind the door and he began to see a vision of the blood and he saw the blood around the earth. And he said, "I seen sins coming up from the earth and hitting the Lord Jesus." And he would wse and he would wse and he said and it was like a bumper stopping these sins that kept slamming into him. And he said I looked over at him and said, "Lord, is that the sins of the world?" He said, "No, they're your sins." And brother Bam said, he told him, he said, look, he said, if I've forgiven you, how can you condemn her? Because this spirit of Elijah has come under the power of the blood. Oh church, this morning I say this. Amen. There is not a woman that this message can't clean up. There is not a home that it can't fix. There is not a life that it can't change. What about Rahab of the Bible? Come on, church. What about her? Walls of Jericho fell down. She come out, but God didn't leave her just there. He took her and married her to the salmon and made her a part of the lineage. Her marriage. Yeah. Come on. Jezebel's marriage killed. Athela's marriage killed. But the marriage of Rahab brought a savior into the earth. Amen. The marriage of Ruth brought a savior into the earth. I tell you, rejoice ye, oh daughters of Zion. The marriage of the lamb has come. There has been a marriage and it's brought life and it's brought joy. She's got the word. She can bring children. She can bring word children. It's the responsibility of this church to birth children into this age. And as any good mother, we're not just going to birth them. We're going to feed them. We're going to train them. We're going to teach them the ways of God. Oh, but we've got to keep an atmosphere in here that there is a birth possible that the children of God can come in and find the birth of the word in the age we're living in. God help us. [Applause] There's been a marriage to a word and life has come out of it. Stand to your feet with me this morning. And life Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If our uh candidates for baptism, you can be dismissed at this time and the deacons will show you a place that you can change life. It's never changed. Right. Right. John the third chapter. Jesus first doctrine he ever taught. You must be born again. I don't understand. Said a master teacher. He said, "Oh, you got to have a new birth of the water and the blood, the spirit. There's got to be a new birth." Right? Well, shock you. Brother Bram said denominational system can't bring forth a word birth. You know what's wrong? They've took a modern day spirit. And they don't want any of them. Acts 238 tongue talking babies because it'll ruin the form. It'll ruin the form. Do you know the Bible said that there should come forth, rejoice, oh daughters of Zion, you have received the former reign moderately, but there shall come forth both former and latter in the same month. I pour out my spirit, sayaith the Lord upon all of this flesh. Amen. He's promising a flood. He's promising a flood of the Holy Ghost. You can't flood a building without changing it. If you turn a flood in here, the boards will start popping off the walls and the and the carpet will be changed. Nobody wants to flood a building cuz it hurt changes the forms. Everything's changed. Well, listen. This is a spiritual building and I want to change the form into a place where God can save and heal and heal and deliver and give life. Let it be a birthing place, a place where sons and daughters of God can come to hear the word of God. Oh my goodness. Yeah. This last day age, butter bam said they're they don't want none of them rolling around the floor screaming and crying. And brother Bam said the miserable creatures that they think they are. Why it would ruin their modern society. Cuz I tell you what, any church that somebody praying through to the Holy Ghost ruins, needs ruining. And any day we get so polished, somebody can't throw through to the Holy Ghost, then we need to take the polish off and fill the altars up. Yes, sir. Somebody said, "Brother Wayne, what's it take?" I'll tell you what, more times than anything Brother Bram said about a birth, how many knows what was he said? It's a mess. That's right. And he said, "If it's a P hospital room or your h, it don't matter where it takes place. It's a mess." Would it shock you to hear what Brother Brham said when he said, "Sometimes what I think we need is to get down to the altar and flop like a chicken with our head cut off until we get something." Come on. But until we get something, not just get up and go talk about our neighbor or some arrogant spirit where we're we're the only people or No. pray through till you die from the sin of this earth and let a new birth. Let the word let the word conquer our souls. I believe it. I I don't believe in this nicicoatism and bailic teachings of we're all one. No. When God fills you with the Holy Ghost, you're a new creation in Christ Jesus filled with the power of God. Acts 2:38, tongue-talking, Holy Ghost fil believers seeing visions and having dreams and all the gifts of the spirit should be available in that group. [Music] I know everybody talks about tongues. That's the only way anybody cares about, but wisdom actually is the top of those. How many knows the gift of wisdom's in this building? Brother Bram said it would be. And to him that have wisdom, let him understand the things which I think that gift is is very vibrant in this building, the understanding of the word. Oh, we love him this morning, don't we? We love him. The Bible's telling us, "Go ye therefore and teach all nations." Bring it up. Matthew 28:19. Just as we go into our baptism this morning, the last thing Jesus said to the church, "Go ye therefore and teach all nations and baptizing them in the name." Just take a moment. It don't say title. Yeah. Because the next three things he gives is titles in the name. It don't say names because there's not plurality in the name of salvation. But it said in the name of the father. Now somebody said what's his name? What did Jesus say it was? He said I have come in my father's name. What's the name of the son and of the holy ghost? Ephesians 3:14 said, "The whole family in heaven and in earth have the name of Jesus Christ." So then for let every knee bow and every tongue confess. Now, Apostle Peter was standing right there, Sister Barb, and he was listening to his master. And Peter had been asked the question in Matthew 16, who do you say I am? And he said, I say thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. And Jesus said, that is a correct revelation. And because thou has said this, thy name is Peter, and upon this rock I'll build my church. See, I give to you the keys to the kingdom. Whatever you bind shall be bound. Whatever you loose shall be loosed. That's Peter, the first pope. Well, if that's so I'm Catholic, too. Do you know they got in that triple crown? They got crossed keys on the crown. Two big skeleton keys crossed. You know what that's for? Keys to bind and loose in any realm. And the Lord said to Peter, "You got the keys. Whatever you bind shall be bound. Whatever you lose shall be loosed." Do you think Peter lost those keys? But in Acts the 2 chapter, when they said, "Men and brethren, what could we do to be saved?" He pulled out his key. [Music] Repent every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. be baptized in his name and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. It's never changed. It's never changed. We love him this morning. Amen. as we're getting ready to go into the the baptism. [Music]
