################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-09 - 'The Authority Of The Confession Of The Open Book' - Bro. Andrew Glover TWT Camp 2025 Sat, Aug. 9th - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-09
Title:   'The Authority Of The Confession Of The Open Book' - Bro. Andrew Glover TWT Camp 2025 Sat, Aug. 9th
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0GLFsqEMbQ
========================================

[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. Heat. [Music] Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Myior [Music] heat. Heat up [Music] There are do not pass. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Down a step. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? My God is bigger, greater than all of these things. [Music] Why would I hunger for power or rich in riches or fame? My God is so much bigger than all of these things. Sing that again. Why would I worry? Well, why would I worry when giants come in my day? My God, my God is so the truth. [Music] Where would I reaches? [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] So I need my God is you see my enemies scatter. My eneies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. You believe it tonight. My God is stronger. The victory already won. He died. son and rose up. [Music] My God is gater. My God is always true. So I see you. My god. [Music] You see that again? I won't be shaking. Heat. Heat. Heat. His promise is true. So I see you. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. I want each one of you to give me your undivided attention. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And listen close. Now we're trying to go in for the greatest victory of the meeting. &gt;&gt; This is the last night. Usually there's more people healed on the last night there is the rest of the meeting. The great anticipation. Satan fights harder. everything goes wrong seemingly because Satan is trying to keep that people in tension and everything else so that he can keep them away from this great time of strain that we're now entering into for the great as we say going in for the kill now. He's already beat up in the corner. He's been exposed and all of his divisiveness is exposed and men and women has accepted Jesus Christ as their savior. people with cancer and tumors and and everything else has been healed. Doctor statements proving that it's the truth. Now, here sets a group of people here tonight sitting waiting under great anticipation. And Satan, if he can interrupt your mind, that's all he has to do. But let's go in now for the great kill just now to drive Satan and all these powers out of the building that God can have the right away and heal every sick person for the glory of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Tonight, uh we're looking forward to what the Lord has in store. &gt;&gt; At the end of the service, uh will be our prayer line. We feel led to have a prayer line tonight. You might say, "Brother Nathan, you say you feel led, but isn't there a prayer line every year, every Saturday night?" Well, we feel led by Mark chapter 16, &gt;&gt; where the word says that these signs shall follow them that believe. They shall cast out devils. They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover. We believe that the quickening power is not just something that fell 2,000 years ago on the day of Pentecost, &gt;&gt; but that same quickening power is in every manifested son or daughter of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and and life can be imparted because of that quickening power which quickens even these mortal bodies. Satan uh is certainly trying to interrupt this meeting. Uh we're going to go to prayer just after this and one of the prayer requests is three young people that are campers here that were in a car accident and by the grace of God other than a couple broken bones um they're alive and well and recovering. But um but uh you know what Satan is trying to do is distract us &gt;&gt; from realizing that he's already defeated. Brother Brandham said, "We are disputing with a conquered enemy, a defeated enemy." &gt;&gt; It's not that we don't dispute, &gt;&gt; it's just that he's defeated. &gt;&gt; You know, it's time tonight to go in for the kill. &gt;&gt; Uh if if if at this point in the meeting, you've not already received what it is uh that you came to camp crying out for, you know, uh what's been happening as the word has been preached. We so appreciate the ministry that we've had. uh you know by this ministry an opportunity has been presented a key has been placed in your hand and with all of the ministry of the word faith has been building in these hearts because that's the very source of faith faith comes by hearing of the word and as the word is preached tonight only believe it &gt;&gt; only believe it &gt;&gt; let's not become distracted tonight it's simple faith in the word of God the right mental attitude toward every promise can heal every sick person here. &gt;&gt; It can heal your body. &gt;&gt; It can heal your spirit. &gt;&gt; And it can heal a sin sick soul. &gt;&gt; How many are in that great anticipation? &gt;&gt; Amen. We we just ask uh when the times come when the time comes for the prayer line, we just come in a clockwise fashion around the building. brothers will be lined up here uh to pray and and we just ask that uh you just move efficiently and re and respectfully as our deacons and the brothers and sisters that that uh we we've put we've put a little group together to just to facilitate things just be reverent and come through and come in faith. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh in God perfecting his church, Brother Bram says, "Gathered around you, standing behind you, around your side, is spiritfilled men and women &gt;&gt; with hands to lay upon you." Brother Bram said as we pray together, be determined. &gt;&gt; Don't be defeated. &gt;&gt; You can't be defeated. &gt;&gt; You're children of God. &gt;&gt; God promised the Holy Spirit to every believer. How many desiring the baptism of the Holy Ghost, a rebaptism of the Holy Ghost, the moving of the spirit. He promised it to every believer. And Brother Brham said, "He wants to give it to you more than you want to receive it." &gt;&gt; Now, I was struck by how Brother Brham says it. He said, "Now, don't tell them how you want to get it. &gt;&gt; Tell them you want it. You know, if there's a young person that's here tonight under the pressure of of of trying to experience something that's going to match somebody else's experience &gt;&gt; on that quote right there, just put that aside. &gt;&gt; Say, "Lord, I want my experience, &gt;&gt; my own experience." He said, he said, just tell him you want it and no matter how it comes, you want it. &gt;&gt; You want something to anchor your heart and soul away till all doubts and fears will pass away and joy bells of heaven will ring through your soul. God will take care of the rest of it. You just ask him to give you the baptism of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many got faith tonight? Amen. Let's have church. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we we just open in a word of prayer. We appreciate these men of God uh that have uh uh just come to support the meeting. Brother Matthew, would you come and and uh pray for us tonight? &gt;&gt; Remember those three kids. &gt;&gt; Yes. Lord Jesus, we we're just so honored to be gathered together once again this evening, Lord, and to know that we're in your presence and that you are here present with us, Lord. And just as we've heard the prophet's voice and seen the hands of these young people going up for the baptism of the Holy Ghost and for a refilling, Lord, I believe that we're standing right now in a predestinated moment where you knew that this would be the night that demon spirits would be cast out, that bodies would be healed, and those would be filled with the Holy Ghost. Lord, and I'm just smitten in my heart to know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. And what you did for me, Lord, that you're going to do for these young ones that have lifted their hands, Lord. And the questions will be answered, and the the spirit of fear and anxiety and depression and and lust and bondage and all those things will be defeated as you defeated everything at Calvary, Lord. For you are the mighty conqueror and you're here present with us right now to manifest your promised word, Lord. and we just want to tell you that we love you and we thank you, Lord. Thank you for making this possible, that we could come together, Lord. Thank you for Calvary. Thank you for the forgiveness of sins, Lord. Where would we be if it wasn't for your grace and for your mercy, Lord, that would reach down and pluck us out of the muck and mire of sin, Lord? And you'd raise us up, Father, and to heavenly places in Christ Jesus where all things are possible to them that believe, Lord. What an hour, what a moment that we now sit in, Lord. And I we bind our faith together, Lord, casting down uh reasoning and casting down doubt and every demon of darkness that would try to hinder and disrupt the move of the Holy Spirit in this meeting. Lord, we think of these three young people in the accident and those things that have happened. May your Holy Ghost just go to them right now. Bring comfort, Lord. And may you just drive away any fear and anxiety and and maybe the driver right now is just uh the enemy is trying to bombard the thought and the mind and discourage them. I rebuke that spirit. May they just be encouraged to know that you are with them and that you will get the victory and they will get the victory and we'll all be victorious. And we know that faith is the victory that overcomes the world, Lord. So now we surrender to you, Lord, as we continue to sing songs of worship and praise. May you just prepare our hearts, Lord, and be with the ministering of the word, Father, as we are in a great expectations. And we know, Father, that you will exceed those expectations. We love you. We pray and ask these things in your most wonderful, marvelous name, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's have church tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're in a battle. We're going in for the final kill. We've got singers and musicians to go before in the beauty of holiness. Bring me a minstrel. Excuse me. I want to uh make mention of uh one special couple here, man, and his wife that are here with us tonight is the camp director, John and your wife. He stands above everybody else back there. Let's give him a round of applause. [Music] Has everybody enjoyed the facilities? And we appreciate all your help, John. It's been wonderful. And your staff, Mark, all the others, man. Uh this is uh first class treatment here. And so we're so thankful for it. And it's and and uh John, um you you might not know it, but you're going to receive a reward in eternity, I'm sure, for for for your labors for this group of people here. So, we thank you very much. Amen. We're happy in the Lord. Amen. As brother Browning and their group comes to sing tonight, let's sing this uh key of G. The more I trust him, the more I love him. Nothing good for me, he'll deny. The longer I know him, the better I can show him. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] His love is richer sweet as the moment he saved me. His great praise he gave me. He places love down deep within my ever more from him. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Amen. test. So many times I've questioned the certain circumstances of things I could not understand. And many times in trials, weakness blurs my vision and my frustration gets so out of hand. Oh, but it's then I am reminded. Oh, I've never been forsaken. I've never had to stand one alone. And then I look at all the victories. The spirit rises up in me. And is through the fire. My weakness is made strong. [Music] He never promised that the cross would not get the hill would not be he would always just remember Yeah. Heat. our will show and he will take you through the fire again. And I know within myself that I would surely perish. Oh, but if I trust the mighty hand of God, you shield the place again. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. is just our will and he will take you through the fire again and he Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Key of F, I think. Amen. As a Louisiana choir comes tonight. Amen. Amen. How many knows that song? I'm going to turn up my praise. If you could put that up, brothers. Some of you know that. Do you know who wrote that song? He's right here on the drums tonight. Brother Wesley, we're going to sing your song. We thank you for writing this song. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing it tonight. I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. Holding my shield of faith and I feel and I feel alone. When he comes here, I will raise my stand. I'm going to turn up. I'm going to turn up the day. My standard [Applause] [Music] devil can you hear me? This line is for you. You have no power. Oh. Jesus [Applause] show you Jesus. Yeah. Heat. Oh, [Music] [Music] When my heart is broken, when my life is empty, I can't see your face. I can't hear your voice. When I'm feeling helpless, wondering in the darkness, surrounded by fear and defeat, [Music] I have a choice to make. No matter what comes my way, I choose to worship. I choose to praise. I choose to lift up the name above all. I choose surrender. I choose to believe that you for all you will be. I choose to worship. [Music] Even in the fire, even in the valley, I can have joy and I can have peace. You are always with me and never will forsake me. Your presence is all that I need. And I have a choice to make. Heat. Heat. Heat. I choose surrender. I choose to believe for all that you've done and for all you will be. I choose to worship. Though we are pressed on every side, praise is our weap. Hey our choice our church. We will say we choose to [Applause] choose surrender. You believe that you are all you will be. Heat. Heat. [Applause] We choose to worship. We choose to worship you, Lord. We choose to worship. We choose to worship. I choose to worship. [Music] [Applause] As the true word tabernacle choir comes, they come prepare themselves. You are beautiful beyond description. Too marvelous for words. too wonderful for comprehension [Music] like nothing ever seen or heard. Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? [Music] Who can fathom the depths of your love? You are beautiful beyond description. Majesty enthrone above. I stand I stand in all of you. I stand. I stand in all of you. Holy God to all praise is due. I stand in all of you singing. I stand Lord. I stand. I stand in you. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] And in all of you, [Music] [Music] [Music] Some people think that I'm crazy. Some even call me a fool. But I found a love so amazing. If only if only they knew. all of the times he's provided the miracles, wonders, and signs. So, how could I give him half of my worship? And that should be no surprise. So, ask me why I worship the way that I do. Cuz I got a reason to praise him. I know I got nothing to lose. I got a reason. Oh, I've got a reason. [Music] I've got a peace overwhelming a joy that I can't put words. For all of the blessings he poured out from heaven, I'll give him what he deserves. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Where are you? Yes, I do. I got a reason. I got a reason. My hands move my feet. Get undignified. I was lost, now I'm bound. Jesus save my life. I was bound, now I'm free. Walking in the light. That's the reason why. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, [Applause] heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. The reason I cuz you g me a test. Thank you for your grace in my life. The things you can't be from me makes me say, "Oh, won't you look what the Lord has done?" Just look what the Lord has done. It's not hard to see it. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, sing it in. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Look what the Lord has done. Just look what the Lord has done. It's not hard to see it. Look what the Lord has done. Sing it to him. Look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. It's not hard to see. Look what the Lord has done. What he's going to do? Yeah. Heat. Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you. [Applause] Look what the Lord has done. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. K of F brothers. Hallelujah. Let's remain standing as our brother Andrew comes this evening. Amen. We want to welcome and receive the word tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We welcome the Lord Jesus in our midst tonight. I ask that you just be mindful of the atmosphere and the presence of the Lord in this place. Only believe all things are possible. Amen. [Music] Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are." Lord, I worship you. [Music] Because of who you are, I give you glory. Oh, we worship him. We worship you, Lord. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Oh, because of who you are, I will lift my voice. Oh, Lord, I worship you because of you. You are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh, [Music] heat, heat. My Lord, you're my praise of peace. Lord, I worship you. Because of who you are, Lord, I worship. Oh yes. Oh, because of who you are. Sing that again. Because Oh, because of who? Because Oh, yes. Because [Music] Oh, that sounds wonderful. All together now. Yes. Because of who you are. Oh, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Oh my [Music] Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord I worship you because of who you are. You can just raise your hands to the Lord you Lord I worship you because of who you are. He's the reason. He's the reason we're praising his name tonight. because of who you are. Amen. How many can give him a hand clap of praise tonight? And how many believes he's worthy to be praised? How many believes he's worthy to be worshiped tonight? How many's come to break open the alabaster box and pour all the ointment out upon his feet tonight? Amen. We didn't come here to hold anything back tonight. Amen. But we came here for one motive and one objective and one purpose and that's to worship him. Let's listen to the words of that song as we were singing it. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. My mind went back to a story I read one time of a man that was in a room and the president of the United States back in the 1800s walked in the room and when he walked in there, the man got up out of his seat and he said, "Here, you can have my seat." And somebody asked him, they said, "Why did you get up?" He said because it's the president and he just stepped in the room. See, he who he was demanded that seat. And you know tonight, I believe our Lord Jesus Christ is not a demanding God, but I believe he's a loving God. And I believe he loves us enough that he stepped down in this building tonight. Amen. I think it's time for complexes to get out of his seat. I think it's time for anxiety and nervousness and tension and fear and unbelief and doubt and worry about praising God. I believe it's time for all those things to get up out of his seat. They don't belong in that seat. But the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords, the Savior of belongs in our heart tonight. And we've come here to do one thing, and that is to worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. God bless you all tonight. It's such an honor to be here with you and we want to bring you greetings from our pastor, brother Matt Morris and the saints there at home at our church in Grace Tabernacle in Black Rock, Arkansas send their greetings. I know there's many, many of the believers from our church here with us this weekend. And we are sure honored to have all them here and also want to say it's an honor to have my wife and our family here with us tonight. I know they're in the building somewhere and amen, we're sure thankful to have them here tonight. And how many's been enjoying the meetings? Amen. How many's the Lord already spoken to you? Amen. The Lord is doing powerful things among us and we we thank him for it tonight. We we praise his holy name. I I do want to take this moment for just a moment and thank brother Wayne for the opportunity to be here tonight and to speak to you. And Amen. I I want to maybe just say tonight how much I love and appreciate Brother Wayne and the ministry that God's given and the stand for this message. I I'll just share this. I was a 15year-old boy the first time I met Brother Wayne and we I'd gone to a meeting and amen I'll just share this with you tonight. I'd gone to a meeting and on the way there someone told me I'd never heard of Brother Wayne, never heard him minister and be my first time and was got there and a brother told me he said, "Oh, he's one of them preachers, you know, he won't have no time for you." And he said, "You won't get to meet him." And I thought, man, people just say a lot of things, don't they? And the end of the meeting, I was sitting at the table. And brother Wayne and his son Zach came over and sat with me there and began to fellowship with me and didn't know me from anybody. And I was a young man filmed the call of God to preach. And Brother Wayne showed Christ to me and showed me a love for this message. And I can say he's been a real friend to me. His family's been a real friend. They've been like family to us. And I want to say tonight, Brother Wayne, thank you for your stand for this message. Thank you for all the years you carried this message around the world and held it up high for God's people. Amen. It wasn't without sacrifice, friends. And we thank God for the men of God and the ministry that God has given brother brother Wayne and the church here. And I tell you, he lives and breathes this message. And Amen. If there's any question what brother Wayne believes, you know, he believes this message. Amen. There's no room for anything else. And we thank you as young people. We thank you for your stand for this message. And of course through brother Wayne, we met Brother Ray and the church here. And Amen. We sure love and appreciate Brother Ray, don't we? Amen. How many can give the Lord a hand clap of praise for the man of God many, many years standing for this word. And you can see the reflection of it in his life, in his family, and his in his conversation. Amen. I thank God for Brother Ray. And it's a real honor to be speaking with brother Josh Bennett this evening and this weekend. and he's been a real friend to us and another um brother I met through brother Wayne and just a real friend and to stand for this message and amen I tell you you don't forget men of God that the Lord puts in your life and there's one thing I can say these brothers have never told me anything but this preach the message amen and we thank you brother Josh for your stand for this word and all the men of God here tonight we just want to say God bless you and we pray I know there's preachers all over the building we pray the Lord's richest blessings upon your ministries and that God use you to tear down the devil's kingdom. Every chance you get, may you preach this message without any fear or favor or any compromise and tear down the devil's kingdom. And amen, we say God bless you also, Brother Nathan, Brother Ronnie. Amen. God bless you all for your vision, for your burden in these meetings. How many can give the Lord a hand clap of praise for men of God like brother Nathan Ericson, Brother Ronnie Long. Amen. All the helpers and supports that goes into these meetings. Amen. We thank you for giving your time and efforts to hold up the message and to prepare a place that the message can be preached. We sure love brother Nathan and brother Ronnie tonight. And amen. I I just want to just take a moment. Sometimes we get to preaching and don't take a moment to express our thanksgiving and gratitude for the men of God that have made it possible for us to be here tonight. How many wants to approach him tonight? &gt;&gt; Maybe we just bow our hearts for a word of prayer. How many would say, 'Lord, I know the enemy is raging on every hand, but I know the situation's under control. The Holy Spirit is already in control. Let's just approach him. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, dear God, with a whole house full of believers, Lord, young believers, elder believers, Lord, ministers, Father, Lord, in an atmosphere like this with this much faith, Lord, there is one thing that I am confident in my heart tonight that all things are possible in this building tonight. Lord, I know the devil's doing everything he can to bring tension and to hinder, but Lord, we stand here upon the infallibility of your word. And Lord, we join our faith together tonight. Believe in the promises of your word to be thus saith the Lord. Now Lord, we have been instructed by your prophet messenger that the bride will not make a move until she has thus sayaeth the Lord. Now Father, we're not presuming tonight. We're not adventuring without authority. But Lord, we have set still and heard that still small voice speak to us through this message. Thus sayaith the Lord, a move is on for the bride. Now Lord, as we're turning our attention to your word with an oncoming prayer line, Lord, I know the demons in hell are screaming, the streaks of blackness are moving across this building. But Lord, we're standing here knowing that you have never stepped into the arena one time into battle, but what you've carried out the victory. And Lord, I know there's many young hearts here tonight. Lord, there's many lives and believers here, Father, that are going through things and situations. But I just want to put my voice tonight, Lord, with your word. It is finished, Lord. Father, may this be the night that faith would arise in their heart, oh God. Lord, to step out of the confusions, to step out of the nervousness, Lord. Father, may this be the beginning of a breakthrough in their hearts here tonight. Lord, as your word goes forth, may it drive out every every spirit of unbelief that would be lingering in this building, dear God. May you drive it back to the hell that it come out of, Lord. Father, may you bring us into one mind and one accord. Lord, as we endeavor to open up your word, we're asking you to send the angel of God into this building. Lord, may that super anointing sweep across this room tonight. And Lord, may we not just hold this book, but may this book become open to every heart here tonight. Lord, for those that are at home listening by the way of the internet, I pray you would touch them, dear God. Lord, for those that have been in the accident, Lord, may your grace be with them, Father. Now Lord, as we look into your word, may the power of the Holy Ghost destroy the influence of the enemy. Father, forgive us of our failures. Forgive us of our shortcomings. We're looking unto you for the for the word that'll be spoken here tonight, Lord, to perform that which has been sent to do. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. And all the believers says, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. And amen. God bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles, we want to go to the book of St. Mark, the 11th chapter. Amen. in St. Mark the 11th chapter. Thank you, Amen, for your patience with us tonight. St. Mark chap 11 and verse number 22. Amen. It's a very familiar reading. And then also we're going to go to the book of Revelation 22. Amen. The book of St. Mark 11 and verse 22. You love the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. The Bible here says in Mark 11:22, "And Jesus answering saith unto them, have faith in God. For verily I say unto you that whosoever shall look unto this mountain, &gt;&gt; come on now. Whosoever shall think about this mountain, &gt;&gt; Whosoever shall say unto this mountain, &gt;&gt; Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe, that those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. &gt;&gt; So, it's no longer just thinking, but he actually says whatever you say. Now in the book of Revelation the 22nd chapter, Revelation chapter 22, I want to read there in the sixth verse of Revelation 22. You when you got your places there, you can say amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Revelation 22 and verse number six. And he said unto me, these sayings are faithful and true. And the Lord uh God of the holy prophets sent his angel to show unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. Behold, I come quickly. Blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book. And I John saw these things and heard them. And when I had heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which showed me these things. Then saith he unto me, see thou do it not, for I am of thy fellow servants, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book, worship God. And he saith unto me, I love this. And he saith unto me, seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book, for the time is at hand. Can we just read that verse together? and he saith unto me, "Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book, for the time is at hand." We ask the Lord this evening to bless the reading of his word. As you can have your seat here this afternoon, I I want you to by the help of the Lord for a few moments tonight, if I would title this this sermon tonight, I want to speak to you on this, the authority of the confession of the open book generation. The authority of the confession of the open book generation. I truly believe tonight that what the Bible says when it says that life and death is in the power of the tongue. How many believes that? You know the Bible says that life and death is in the power of the tongue. And I also believe that as a prophet of God would tell us that when we approach God, we've got to know how to approach God. And he said we've got to approach God by saying the right thing. When you look there at that word approach, it means to draw closer to. It is a means of access. It means to approach. Now this is what I want you to notice especially in order to create a desired result. So when you approach something you are desiring a specific result and the only way that can happen is by the way you approach it has the power of creation to create the desire that you're desiring from God. Now amen I said approach God by saying the right thing. When you look there at that word saying I love this definition. It is a short collection of forceful expressions that generally contain truth, instruction, advice, and wisdom. Amen. A saying contains truth, instruction, advice, and wisdom. It's not something that's weak. It's not something that's powerless, but it's something that's forceful when it's said. It has something behind it. Now, amen. We've all heard someone say, "Amen." Sometime in our life, they'll say, "Well, amen. There's an old saying like I heard an old saying or somebody will say here's an old saying and what we find is actually the prophet of God will show us that actually sayings amen have been passed down from one generation to the next generation to the next generation and what they have become is they have become standards amen in which people are living by. Brother Brandimal he'll give us several of them he'll say like my mother used to say your tongue is your ruin or she would say you're crossing bridges before you get to them. She would say, "Show me your company and I'll tell you who you are." He said, "Mama would say birds of a feather flock together." He said, "One time she said if you lay down with a dog that's got fleas, you're going to get up with fleas." He He said she would say, "Give the cow enough rope and she'll hang herself." Or he said, "Like I've heard it said, "Live me a sermon is better than preaching me one." Or he said, "Like you folks from Missouri, you have an old saying, show me." Amen. Because seeing is believing. He said, "Then there's that one saying, "Cowards die a million times." Amen. When heroes never die, he said, "Then they got one other saying. They'll say truth is more strange than fiction." Now, amen. I want you to notice something that brother Brandham, Amen, did not come up with those. Amen. But rather, those were sayings and phrases that had been passed down. Amen. From one generation to the next. And people had made decisions by those phrases. People, amen, had had changed destinies by those phrases. I I want to say tonight that saints, amen, are more, amen, than just praises. But saints are powerful. And I think we ought to let the Holy Ghost come in this building tonight. Amen. And take control of our thoughts in order to speak, amen, out of us the things that we have need of. When you look in Mark 11:22 in the Amplified Bible, the Bible says that Jesus replied and he said, "Have faith in God constantly." Amen. I love that. Don't have faith when things are going good. Don't don't have faith when things are really high. Amen. But in the darkest of hours is the time, amen, to have faith. Have faith in God constantly. And verse 23, I assure you and most solemnly say to you that whosoever says to this mountain, amen, be lifted up and thrown into the sea and does not doubt in his heart, Brother said, he said, now watch. He said his will is his word, right? He said, does not doubt in his heart. Listen, in God's unlimited power, Amen. But believes that what he says is going to take place. Amen. If you don't believe what you say is going to take place, Amen. you really don't believe it. Amen. But if you really believe what you say is going to take place, that tells me that you believe what you're saying is going to come to pass before your very eyes. Amen. If you believe what you're saying is going to take place, it will be done for him. Listen, in accordance with God's will. So if God does something, it's going to be done in accordance with his will. In the token, he said, "Let me tell you, by his word, he cannot go contrary to that word." He has already purchased your desire if it's according to his will. That ought to make you shout, "Hallelujah." Amen. God has already purchased your desire if it's according to his will. If you're desiring the Holy Ghost, it already belongs to you. If you're desiring healing, it already belongs to you. If you're desiring the power of God to fill your life, it already belongs to you. His will is to give you his desire. Amen. I say tonight, we're not approaching God, amen, as a denomination. We're we're not approaching God as just church members, but we're approaching God as the new generation. Amen. And I'll say this approach is everything. Amen. There is a right approach and there is a wrong approach. Brother said a man walk out and say I'll show you I can move that mountain. Mountain be moved. He said and it doesn't happen. He said it certainly won't because your motive and your objective is not right. Amen. So there's a connection, amen, between our approach and what we say. In the message approach to God, he said God has a way of approach. He said, "There's a way you approach a king." He said, "The boy that wants to approach the young lady." Amen. There's a certain approach. He said, "You just can't come up there and say, "Hey there, like to meet you and shake your hand. She isn't very much of a lady. She'll let you know where to get on and where to get off at." He said, "There's a certain approach." He said, "And there's approach to all things." He said, "And there's a way to approach God. And if we don't know the approach to God, then we'll never be able to get an audience with God. Amen. See, you have to know. Amen. So, you got to know the approach in order to get the result of an audience with the one that you're approaching. He said, in a court, you don't just walk up there and say, "Hey, judge." Amen. I want to talk to you a little bit. Amen. Somebody throw you out of the courtroom. They'll lock you up. See? Amen. There's a way to approach the judge. Amen. If there's a way to approach a young lady, if there's a way to approach a judge, he said, then we must find the way of approach to the great divine judge, which is God himself. Listen, I want to tell you tonight, young people. Amen. We don't approach God under fear. Amen. We approach God under faith. And I'll tell you what the prophet said. He said, "Faith is a revelation and a revelation of the will of God." Can I say this to you? Fear. Amen. Will bind you. Amen. But faith will loose you. Amen. Fear will control you. Amen. But faith, Amen, will release you and give you a place to stand upon the word of God. He said faith is not loose. It's got to be based upon some noted fact. You got to know something about what you're having faith in before you can have faith in it. So, we first must know how and what God's desire is and what God's plan is and how to approach God by that plan. Listen, we're not a bunch of Pentecostals, amen, trying to work up an approach to God. We have had a prophet come in this generation and he opened up the Bible and he said, "God's plan is laid out in his Bible." [Applause] You know that if the Holy Spirit would come in this building tonight and would begin to teach anything, he said it'll be right out of that Bible. He said, "That's the kind of tutor we got." Amen. The Holy Spirit to reveal and to bring the discipline book of the father and reveal to you what God's plan is. And there is no scripture in the Bible that contradicts itself. Listen, there's no scripture in the Bible that contradicts itself. Amen. I just picked that up. Amen. Matthew 28 says, "Be baptized in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Amen. Then in Acts 2, it said, "Repent of your sins and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." And a bunch of unconverted, uninspired leadership took two scriptures and made them begin to fight with each other. And now people don't know how to baptize. Do you know that same spirit has come right around the ranks of this message? And we got quotes like this. The church needs to get out of order long enough to get saved. And then we got quotes that emotion without anything without emotion is dead. But then you got other quotes. Amen. That the anointing is supreme power and control. And I just got enough guts to say it. A bunch of intellectual uninspired men have made a cage out of quotes to put you in, to bind you from praising God, to bind you from enjoying your liberty, to bind you from the Holy Ghost. But I stand here tonight upon the authority of thus sayaith the Lord. This message is not a cage. This message is liberty. It's Holy Ghost liberty. It's fire power. It's the dynamics of God to release you from the confusion of what men have said about the plan of God. This Bible don't contradict itself and this message don't either. This Bible don't contradict itself and this message don't either. You know where the contradiction comes from is because it contradicts the way they believe it. They believe this ought to be a polished message. They believe this ought to be an intellectual message. They believe this ought to be a quiet church. They believe we ought to believe we ought to just practice psychology. But let me tell you what the prophet believed. He believed in the Bible, Holy Ghost, and the power of God coming in the church. Amen. Stepping from the word of God and delivering the children of God. This message is not a contradiction. Brother said, "You got to throw away your ideas about it and you've got to accept God's plan of it. And it'll be more than just a suggestion. It'll be God's provided plan." Well, I know you're going to think I'm crazy, so go ahead, start faking it. Amen. Some of y'all paid camp fees, got in airplanes, and got in cars and drove hours to this meeting to enjoy the presence of God. You've been looking forward to getting free and enjoying the blessings of God. And there's an old devil has crept its way around and said, "Don't shout. You might get out of order and don't dance. Somebody might say something and don't shout." Amen. Cuz you might get in the flesh. Well, listen. You got the wrong joker up here tonight. I rebuke that devil in the name of Jesus Christ. This ain't a funeral parlor. This ain't a procession of death. This is a resurrection of the life of God coming in this new generation. We ain't backing up. We ain't laying down. What confused others will not confuse this age. We know who we are. The book has come open. I do not believe in any creed. I don't believe in any dogma. I don't believe [Applause] I believe the literal word of God is God's plan. You say, "What is that word?" That word's our daily bread. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." Brother said, "The bread we need is the Bible." Well, let's just punch that devil's square in the face that says the message replaces the Bible. That is a lying spirit from the pits of hell. And any devil tries to tell you that, stand up on the word of God and put that devil in his place. This message ain't out of the Bible. It is the Bible. It is the word of God. It is the revelation of Jesus Christ under this generation. This Bible didn't get weakened down by this message. This Bible got powerful by this message. And I'll just tell you this. Amen. Denomination weaken the Bible. Traditions weaken the Bible. Creeds weaken the Bible. Amen. Intellectual ideas weaken the Bible. But this message, Amen, gave its back its full strength and its full power and it's full authority. Listen, this is not a meeting of a bunch of cultish young people gathered up here in Ohio. This is a Bible meeting. Let me say to you tonight, amen. Bible days are not coming. Bible days are here. The Holy Ghost is not on his way. The Holy Ghost is here. and any devil that tries to bind the liberty of the spirit of God from moving in the church of God. I rebuke you Satan in the name of Jesus Christ. I rebuke anxiety. I rebuke nervousness. I rebuke fear. I rebuke unbelief. I rebuke websites. I rebuke it all in the name of Jesus Christ. That's the word of God. I find a power and a liberty in the church of God. We ain't a bunch of crazy people. We ain't a bunch of cultist people. Brother Wayne, we're Holy Ghost filled, fire baptized, Malachi for following, cloud following, sons and daughters of God. And if anybody got a right toe shout and if anybody got a right to dance is the bride of Jesus Christ. [Applause] This ain't a bunch of emotion. This is revelation. This is the Bible. This is what they done in the Bible. They preached the word and people back the word. &gt;&gt; Brother said, "What is the Bible?" He said, "It's the thoughts that God had before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; He expressed them in word and he dropped them down to prophets and they wrote them and the only thing it is it just has to unfold." He said, "Do you see the Bible was really written before the foundation of the world?" &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Then this Bible is not a historical book. It's not just an idea of a day gone by. But this Bible is a love story. It is a history book. It is a prophetic book. It's not a man's book. Brother Judah, it's God's book. And I'll say this, one over the age we're living in, my I might as well just make that devil feel uncomfortable. He's made some of you all feel uncomfortable. Amen. Why don't we make him feel uncomfortable? He ain't welcome here. He ain't welcome in this building. He ain't welcome on this platform. He ain't welcome in our singing. He ain't welcome in our praying. Somebody open the door and show that devil the exit. He is not welcome in TWT camp. This is a Holy Ghost fililled dynamic moving church of the living God who will not lay down for some intellectual conception of who her God is. We got 900 and some different denominations and each one each denomination has their own statement of faith. But I say thank God for a prophet who gave the bride church a universally beautiful statement of faith. We all got the same statement of faith. You know what it is? We have no creed but Christ. &gt;&gt; We have no law but love and we have no book but the Bible. Well, that ought to make you shout hallelujah. We have no creed but Christ. We have no law but love. And we have no book but the Bible. Brother Josh, that's what we believe. We're not a bunch of man followers. We're Bible Christians. We're sons and daughters of God who is following God in the scriptures that he sent from before the foundation of the world. The Bible is infallible the word of God. And I'll say this tonight, the bride of Christ is a Bible bride. &gt;&gt; Amen. She's not a man-made bride. She's a word bride because she believes every word that's in the Bible. I know you've heard the phrases around the message for years, the open book. How many's heard that? Amen. I want to see your hands high and lifted. The open book. Or you've heard things like we are a people of the open book. You've heard Amen. You've heard sermons on the opening of the word. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you something? Those are not just phrases. Those are prophetic scriptural promises being fulfilled in the hour that you're living in. Brother Josh opened with this last night. It was already in my notes. I'm just going to say it again. The book of Revelation is a book of symbols and it's a prophetic book. So therefore, it can only be understood by a prophetic class of people. See, that's the difference in this youth group and some some Oh, God. That's the difference in this youth group and some some and some denominational Hollywood gathering of young people. I'll tell you what the difference in this meeting is and some youth for congress meeting is when you begin to preach the word, they shut up. Amen. They want the drums going. They want the music going. But you take this message in amongst a bunch of young people and you open this book and you begin to preach the dynamics of God and the power of the Holy Ghost. Listen, you don't set this youth group up. You give her some dancing room. You don't shut the praises of the children of God up. They'll raise their voice because they have a revelation. If we hold our peace, the rocks will immediately cry out. But there ain't no rock going to take my place. Ain't no rock going to do my praising. Ain't no rock going to do my preaching. Ain't no rock going to do my shouting. I'm a part of the generation of the open book. [Applause] Hallelujah. Brother Brandham didn't bring this book. It was already here, but it was closed. Revelation 5 said it was closed. I saw on the right hand of him who sat on the throne a book and it was sealed within seven seals. Re said the book with seals will not be released until the message of the seventh angel. So we are presuming but the genuine revelation of God will be made perfect in that sounding vindicated truth. You know what John asked? He said, "Who is worthy? Who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof?" Brother said, "There was no man. There was no angel." He said, "What a book. What a book." If it was so powerful, brother, that you couldn't even look on it. And brother said, John said, "I begin to weep." He said, "Because no man was found worthy to open and to reveal the book." Brother said, notice John wept. He said he was not weeping because he was not worthy. He was weeping because if that book did not come open then brother Nathan everything would be lost. I love a prophet. He said but his crying didn't last but just a minute though. Glory to God. His crying only lasted just a minute. You know why? Because the Bible says that weeping may endure for the night, but joy is coming in the morning. And a prophet stood on a platform and said, "This is shalom. The night is over. It's a good morning message to you. The sun is up. The sun is up. The book is open." Oh, don't you weep, John. Amen. Don't you weep. Amen. Don't you weep. The book is going to be open. It was closed in Revelation 5, but in Revelation 10, I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven. And he was clothed with a cloud, and a rainbow was upon his head, and his faces that were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire, and he had in his hand a little book open. Reverend said that book is the Bible. He said, "See, the Bible that was taken out of the hand of God that was sitting on the throne." Do you all realize the Bible, Amen, was not written by human education. The Bible was written and was given by divine inspiration. Brother said, "Every word of God is written is inspiration and it books or it hooks the whole thing together. Every word in the Bible, it's the most wonderful book that was ever written. There's never a piece of literature like it ever written. It's the only book in existence. Well, glory to God. It's the only book in existence that tells you where you come from, tells you who you are, and tells you where you're going. Well, if I was the devil, I try to seal it up, too. If I was the devil, I would try to close it, too. But I want to tell that devil, too late. Too late. It's already opened. It's already open. I've already heard my name in the lamb's book of life. I've already heard from my theophony. Devil, you can't close it. You can't shut it up. You can't receal it. No sir. Because the Bible is the only thing we have need of. Brother said that's right. He said the Holy Spirit wrote the Bible and the Holy Spirit is the one who can interpret the Bible and he will give it to us as we have need. Now I want to say this. The entire Bible is built upon revelation. Now that's the difference that separates Amen. you from a denomination. They have the same Bible but revelation is what separates this generation. He said, "See, you'll never get it by reading it like some cold-hearted reading." You'll never read the Bible like that. He said, "You got to read the Bible in the spirit." You got to read the Bible in the spirit. He said, "You got to be in the mood of reading. You got to be in the mood of reading." He said, "And when you read it, you got to love to read it." He said, "Well, I'm not very smart. You don't have to be somebody in this world, Amen, to know God. You just got to have a willing heart. And God will go to dealing with that willing heart if you're willing for him to deal with it. Now watch a prophet bring this on down. He says the Bible was written before the foundation of the world. He said John saw it in the hands of him who sat on the throne. Now watch what he says. He said now listen the best part of the Bible is wrote between the lines. He said, "Now listen, the message is not all together right on the letter, but it's between the lines." He said, "Now what's between the lines, Amen, is coming from what's on the lines." Are you hearing me? In other words, when Brother Brandham got those love letters from Sister Me, and he was over there in the foreign fields and he be to read through those love letters. Amen. It's a dangerous spot for the devil. He be to read through those love letters. He said, "I could read what she was saying on the lines." He said, "But the message was between the lines because he was in the same mood that she was in. He was in the same feeling that she was in." So he knew when she said, "I've just put Joseph to bed." That she was saying, "I'm tired." Amen. Because he knew what she was saying. It was coming from between the lines. He said, "Listen, and there's no man can open this love letter to you except Christ himself." Listen, there's no other husband can open this love letter to you, the bride, except the one who wrote it and sent it to you. He said, "Now the Bible schools and seminaries will never be able to pull it out." He said, "God knows it alone and will reveal it to who? He will reveal it." He said, "And think of it. Let's just think of it." Amen. Can you give me the picture of Sam uh Houston Coliseum and think of it? The same pillar of fire that come upon those men that wrote the Bible is the same pillar of fire that's here today interpreting the Bible. Come on. That same pillar of fire that you see in that picture is the one Moses saw when he wrote the first five books of the Bible is the one that Paul wrote when he wrote the epistles. Amen. That same pillar of fire is the one that met William Brandom and begin to reveal to him the message that was between the lines. Oh, but let's not leave it back there. Let's bring it right here into this building tonight. That same pillar of fire is right here in this building tonight. And he's not come to condemn you. He's not come to bind you. He's not come to he not come to kill you. He's come to reveal himself to you, to put something in you. Yes, sir. We got a three-pole message. The first pull was healing. The second pull was prophesying. But there was a third pull. There was a third pull. &gt;&gt; Can I preach? There's never been a church split over the first six seals. [Applause] There's never been a preacher sat down, brother Wayne, over the first two pulls. But when it comes to that seventh seal and it comes to that third pull is the one the devil wants to sit preachers down and shut churches down from saying, you know why he wants to do that? Because the prophet said the seventh seal is a loosening. And he said the third pull is a releasing. Well, glory to God. When the seventh seal was opened, it loosened you. And the third pull pulled you into the presence of the one who loosed you. The third pull is the message. He said it's the opening of them seven seals to reveal the hidden truth that has been sealed in the word. Now, you that study your Bible know that Daniel is the Old Testament book of Revelation, right? The prophet of God said, "Oh, Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book even to the time of the end." Reverend picks this up and says, "What is it?" The mystery of God. It's God in you, the hope of glory shining forth the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Daniel 12:8, "All I heard, but I understood not." Then said I, "Oh my Lord, what shall be the end of these things?" And he said, "Go thy way, Daniel, for the words are closed up and they're sealed until the time of the end." Thank God there's been a prophet among us who said, "The end time message shall reveal it." Whatever Daniel saw but could not write, was prophesied to be revealed under the end time message. He said, "The mystery, the things that the church world just bats their eyes at and says it's nonsense. The mystery of who Jesus Christ was, not a third person, not the second person, but the person." He said, "The mysteries of God will be revealed." Are you hearing me now? Because it's wrote here in this book and will be revealed to the end time generation. The mysteries contained in this book will be revealed to the end time generation. &gt;&gt; I got a little game I play with Malachi now. Amen. I'll stand there and be looking at him and then I'll look above him and say, "Where is Malachi? Where is Malachi?" And he'll kind of look around. I say, "Where'd Malachi go? Where is Malachi?" And all of a sudden he'll scream out, "Here I am." Oh, church. You've been sitting in churches, some of you, since you was born. And you've been hearing quotes about end time and prophetic people and new generation and messiahs and invincible armies and overcomers. And the preachers have been saying they're coming. Where are they? They're coming. But I say thank God for these men who quit saying where are they? They're coming. They said here they are. And you looked up and said here I is. I'm the one that's going to put my foot on the head of that devil. I'm the one that's going to crush sin. I'm the one that's going to tame that beast. I'm the one that's going to lock that devil up because I know I'm a part of the end time generation. I'm not a chicken. I'm an eagle. I'm not a I'm a warrior. I'm not defeated. I'm victorious. [Applause] &gt;&gt; The seventh seal book is now being released. He said, "What is it that open them seals then?" What is the opening of seals then? &gt;&gt; Well, let's just say what brother said. &gt;&gt; Revealing Christ. [Music] &gt;&gt; And then he come along, brother Mad, and said, "What is it?" &gt;&gt; It's Christ coming to his body. Christ in the word. We all know the anointing is Christ &gt;&gt; that comes on your feelings. that comes on your emotions, that comes on a preacher's personality, that comes on the word that makes the word live. Is that right? He says, "Now the word is in your heart." &gt;&gt; Oh, God. The word is in your heart. Do you believe in divine healing seed and Christ the anointing coming to his body? Do you see the connection there? It's just like a husband and wife to become one. He said, "Now the church has got to get to the ministry until the church and Christ become one." Oh, God. And he can anoint you for every blessing that's in the Bible. All of it is yours. All of it is yours. Everything is promised at this age is yours. Oh, may I say it tonight? The message is not coming. The message is here. Come on, Moses. God ain't putting a seed in your soul. You were born with a seed in your soul. The only thing that's happening is the quickening power of the Holy Ghost is going to strike that fake seed on the inside of your heart and it's going to move you from crying to speaking. Why cry speak? [Applause] I want it. I want it. I want it. It's here. I want it. I want it. It's yours. It's already yours. You were born with it. Listen. Get mad at him if you want to. You was born with the rapture in you. You was born with the seed of God on the inside of your soul. &gt;&gt; It's already yours. You will not get good enough to get it. You will not pray hard enough to get it. You will not fast long enough to get it. You will not beat this altar and pull it out of this altar. It was already in you as a predestinated seed. I don't know about you, I didn't come here to see Brother Wayne or Brother Josh or Brother Nathan or any other preacher. I come here to have an audience with God. Brother Brian, I came here to have an audience with the one who saved me. I come here to have an audience with the one that delivered me. And I want to tell you what a prophet said. He said, "We ever one have a right to have an audience with Jesus just now." What does it mean to have an audience with someone? It means to have a formal meeting. &gt;&gt; Now, no, the devil ain't hijacking that one. No, the devil ain't hijacking that one. We ain't formal. [Applause] Only fundamentals about this bride is she knows who she is. Woo! Glory. She knows who she is. Oh, that's why the devil hates this camp. We're not a bunch of fundamentals trying to make sure everybody knows there's a Bible and there's a Jesus and there's a cross. Some of you all been hearing this. Don't me take my liberty. You can only get saved once, saints. Come on. Every camp ain't a new start. Every camp ain't getting saved again. And and I tell you why we've got the condition we've got is cuz hirelings behind the pull pit have treated you all like ignoramuses that you didn't know nothing and you couldn't hear nothing. And so every service was a little Bible story or let's just come down to the altar and cry. But I say thank God for men like Nathan Ericson that'll take the gloves off and say we believe the message. If you want a Baptist camp, go to Young Life. But if you want a pillar of fire Damascus Road experience, then come hear the message of the hour. Listen, this ain't about brother Nathan. It ain't about True Word. It ain't about Brother Wayne or Brother Ray or any other preacher. It's about building a place where you can come in contact with the God who sent this message, with the God who opened these seals, with the God who sent Elijah, with the God who called your name. Hallelujah. I say, "Thank God. I got a meeting tonight. I got a meeting tonight. I got a conference with the Lord. He can change everything about my life. [Applause] This ain't about you coming and seeing who's here and who's not. It's about you meeting the high priest. It's about you having an audience. &gt;&gt; Sorry, I'm feeling too good, brother Wayne. It's about you having an audience with the high priest. We cannot counsel you out of some situations. [Applause] &gt;&gt; We cannot read you out of situations. We cannot psychologize you. &gt;&gt; I just made up a new word, Zach. Psychologize. We can't do it. It's going to take something more. It's going to take something of power. But can I say what a prophet said? He said, "Oh, I'm not presuming. The high priest is descending from his throne into the church." Glory to God. The high priest is not on his way. The high priest is not stuck in traffic. The high priest is not broke down on the side of the road from glory. He's right here in this building tonight. [Applause] It's your time. The high priest is here. Are you hearing me? Now's the time to turn loose. Now's the time to turn loose. Oh, I'm waiting. I'm holding. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I'm holding back. You're going to miss it. You're going to miss it. We're over halfway through this camp. &gt;&gt; Turn loose. &gt;&gt; Turn loose. Turn loose. Go ahead, young people. Turn loose. Let it all go tonight. Release your faith. Release your authority. release the word of God. We didn't come here to hold on to something. We come here to turn it loose because my Bible says we have a great high priest who has passed into the heavens. He is Jesus the son of God. And a prophet said, "Let us hold fast our &gt;&gt; profession." Look what the prophet said. Now he is the high priest of your confession. Oh man, I tell you Lord, if I could just confess it like brother Josh did last night. Lord, if I could just confess it, Lord, if you would just give me the boldness of Nathan Ericson, I could really do something for you. Thank God for Brother Nathan. But Nathan's place is already taken. He's here trying to inspire you to get the same boldness he had as a young man to declare this message is more than a suggestion. It's an absolute. Are you hearing me? Are you hearing me? He's not just the high priest of these brothers confession. He's the high priest of your Come on. The cat's had your tongue long enough. It's time to say something. A profession means to profess and to confess the same thing. See, confess means to say &gt;&gt; the same thing. &gt;&gt; Now, we first got to feel it. &gt;&gt; No, we first got to confess it. &gt;&gt; And the prophet of God said he can't do nothing for us until we are ready to say that he's already done it. First time I've ever preached watching myself preach. Are you hearing me? He's already done it. You ain't about to stream tonight. He's already done it. He's not going to do it. He's not waiting for you to get good enough for him to do it. He's already done it. You're already healed. You're already saved. You're already victorious. You're already sealed. You're already got your name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Hallelujah to God. Hallelujah. He's already done it. &gt;&gt; And when you begin to confess, he's already done it. Brother Brandon said, "Then God work on your confession." Now, it's the Bible. 1 Corinthians 4:20, the kingdom of God is God's word made power, [Applause] &gt;&gt; not intellectual. &gt;&gt; God's word. &gt;&gt; Come on, &gt;&gt; made power. &gt;&gt; When the word comes in there, the kingdom's in you. Then what does this word begin? It turns &gt;&gt; itself into power. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Folks, I wish I had two hours on this quote. &gt;&gt; Making it say just exactly &gt;&gt; what it said. &gt;&gt; Do you see? You can't say this and the word say this and make it work. &gt;&gt; See, the word says you're already healed. &gt;&gt; You can't say, "I still feel bad." The word says the devil's already defeated. You can't say the devil's still controlling me. The word says you were saved before the foundation of the world. You can't say if I can just get somewhere and get good get enough, God will say, "Glory to God. He'll already do it." Are you hearing me? This is more than a sermon. This is more than a quote. This is more than a phrase. Oh God, hallelujah. This is the unsealed saints of the book of Revelation. House of hell, release the tongues of the children of God to confess the word of God. You got to say the same thing the word says. You can't say, "I'm a failure." And the word say you can do all things through Christ who strengthens you. You can't say, "I'm not going to make it." And the words say, "You've already made it." You've got to say, "God bless you, Sister Karen. You've got to say the same thing the word already said. That's why you're a word bride." Now, we have a high priest &gt;&gt; and we can come boldly. Now, I know what you're thinking. Boldly, bless God. Amen. Boldly. That's got to be kicking chairs out of the way, knocking people over, kicking the That's boldly, brother. That's boldly. Glory to God. You know what the Bible says boldly means? It means unreservedness in what you say. [Music] In other words, when you speak, you can't have no fear in your speech. In other words, when you confess the word of God. You can't say, "Well, this is what brother said." But let me tell you what I think. That's a coward. But a bold person is one who can just read it and say it and stand behind it. And I stand behind every quote from 47 to 65, from Genesis to Revelation, because we know what we're talking about. We're not a bunch of idiots. We're not a bunch of educated idiots. [Music] I'm going to tell you something. I know there's a lot of stuff pops up on YouTube, but you got tapes. Get back in them. I don't care what polished up hireling. I'm sorry. I'm done playing with these devils, Wesley. I'm done playing with them. I don't care how fancy, how great a PowerPoint they can put together. I'm not looking for a PowerPoint. Brother Zach, we're looking for a powerful point. We're looking for something to release the faith of God in the hearts of the children of God to accept the word of God. Stay with what's on the tapes. There is no confusion. There is no misunderstandings. It's the sealed book. Saints unsealed. And I rebuke every devil. I rebuke every spirit from the pits of hell that tries to get on your ears and tell you that your pastor ain't some smart preacher cuz he ain't saying it the way some intellectual says it. If he's saying what a prophet said, he's an Einstein in my book. If he's saying what the tape say, he's an Einstein in my book. [Music] [Applause] Not looking to talk to anybody. I want to meet the high priest. Noah, brother Noah, I want to talk to the high priest. So, I've got to know what to say. &gt;&gt; If I'm going to get an audience with him, &gt;&gt; brother Ezekiel, I've got to know what to say. If you're going to get a if you're going to get an audience with a doctor, you can't go in there and sit down and start teaching your homeopathic remedies. [Applause] &gt;&gt; It's not the same language. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. It just come out. If you want a job as a plumber with a plumbing company, you can't go talk to the CEO about dirt work. &gt;&gt; You got to talk the same language. [Applause] You got to know what to say, what they want to hear to create the desire that you're desiring. Oh God, can I say what a prophet said? He said, "I am the Lord thy God which brought thee out of the land of Egypt." Brother Andrew, I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. You ready? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Open thy mouth wide. &gt;&gt; And I, the Lord, will feel it. &gt;&gt; If you'll open your mouth, he won't put some little Baptist idea in there. If you'll open your mouth, he will deposit some Pentecostal tradition in there. If you'll open your mouth, he will fill it with the unsealed sayings of the book of Revelation. He will give you something to say. I don't have to look for something to say. God sent a prophet and he gave me something to say. Lord, brother said, not knowing what to say, but believing you will supply those things. I commit myself to you with this church that you circumcise my lips to speak the right thing and their hearts to receive it. &gt;&gt; Now, come on, Moses. &gt;&gt; Come on, Moses. &gt;&gt; You were born with a commission. God brought you on the earth for a purpose. &gt;&gt; Moses said, "God, behold, when I come to the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, &gt;&gt; the God of your fathers hath, how do I sound that out? S sent me unto you and they shall say, what is his name? &gt;&gt; What shall I &gt;&gt; I say unto them? And God said to Moses, I am that I am. [Music] &gt;&gt; I am that I am. Oh, glory to God. And Moses said, "Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, no. No, that's not how he said it after God spoke to him. &gt;&gt; No, that's not how he said it. He said, "And thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, I am has sent me unto you." Look at Exodus 4:10. And Moses said unto the Lord, "Oh my Lord, I am not eloquent, neither here to for nor since thou has spoken of thy servant. But Lord, I am slow of speech. And Lord, I'm a young person. &gt;&gt; And Lord, I've made many mistakes and I'm only 15 years old. Lord, there's people better qualified than Lord. I'm of slow speech and of a slow tongue. But the Lord said unto him, "Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb or the deaf or the sin or the blind? Have not I the Lord? Moses, have you forgot who I am? I'm the creator of the body that you're standing in now. Therefore, go &gt;&gt; come here, Moses. I want to have a pity party with you. Come here. I won't tell you how bad it is. I want to tell you that. Yeah, it's really go therefore and I will be with thy mouth and I will teach thee what thou shalt say. Brother Wayne and I filmed this the other day. I'm about to shout it all over the place. Brother Brmond said, "Moses of a slow tongue, not eloquent, of a slow speech." But when he went down there and brother Ben, he began to say what the Lord put in his mouth. He said he was healed by saying what God put in his mouth. [Music] Glory to God. Hallelujah. Can I tell you this? The book is already open. The seals are already broke. I'm not looking for something to say. The word of healing, the word of faith is nigh. It is already in your heart and it is in your mouth and it's the word we speak. It's the word we speak [Applause] &gt;&gt; now. Lord, that was Moses. And Lord, that was a mighty prophet of God. But I'm just a little young person. &gt;&gt; Matthew 10:18. And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake. for a testimony against them. I was studying today in my room and the spirit of the Lord dropped this in my heart. I'll bring you before the king of anxiety. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. It's something we've settled down as normal because it's the spirit of the age. It's a devil. &gt;&gt; It's a tormentor. I don't care what scientific name we give it. I don't care what doctor's diagnos we give it. It's a devil from the pits of hell that's trying to control your life, trying to control your future. Can I just call it what it is? It's Lucifer. But we're here tonight. Brother Josh, can I use it from last night? He put a sword in our hand last night. I want to follow it up and put a word in your mouth tonight. You want to talk about armed and dangerous? You want to talk about armed and dangerous? Some of y'all probably heard brother Ron preach that. You want to talk about armed and dangerous? How much more armed and dangerous can you get than a end time generation people knowing who they are with a sword in their hand and the word of faith in their mouth. There is no devil can stand before you. There is no devil can stand before you. Oh yeah. I know what that devil does. And devil runs you around like a ragd doll and tells you this this day and you're that the next day. He's a liar. He's a liar from the pits of hell. God, if you'll open your mouth, God will feel it tonight. I feel like prophesying by the word of the Lord. I believe some of y'all is going to walk through this prayer line. You've opened your mouth and let critical words come in it. You've opened your mouth and criticized and gossiped and pour down everything else. Why don't you open your mouth tonight and tear down the devil's kingdom? [Applause] Why don't you use that tongue? Quit sashing your mama and sass the devil. Quit back talking your daddy and back talk that devil. Put him in his place tonight. The word is nigh thee. When they deliver you up, &gt;&gt; take no thought. Earl and I about shouted that little hotel down over there cuz the spirit of Lord spoke that in my heart when I read that with an audible voice. And I'm not trying to be I'm just preaching &gt;&gt; cuz I know that devil's running rampant around this camp. that devil of nervousness and that devil of confusion, that devil of fear running rampant around here. I know it. I'm not a prophet, neither am I the son of the prophet, but I follow a prophet's message. And I read that and the spirit of the Lord said, "Stand before the king of anxiety." And then I read the next verse and you know what it said? It said, "And take no thought." And I looked up the word thought, Brother Wayne, and the word thought means anxious. &gt;&gt; I said, "Oh, I'm on a rabbit trail now." I said, "We got a word anxiety. So, I went to brother Google and I found out the word anxiety comes from the word anxious. And the Bible said, "Don't be anxious." You know why you got anxiety? Because you're trying to figure out what to say to overcome that devil. But tonight, the word of the Lord is here. You don't have to figure out something to say. You don't have to find something in some psychology book to say, "The word is in my heart." And from the abundance of the heart does the mouth speak. Open up your mouth and God will fill it with the word of faith. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Take no thought of what you're going to say &gt;&gt; or how or what shall speak. &gt;&gt; For it shall be given you in that same hour ye shall speak. Where have I read that word? Oh, that's right. All scriptures given. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Take no fault. &gt;&gt; Now, can we read the next verse? For it is not ye that speak, [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; but the spirit of your father &gt;&gt; which speaketh in you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Cut his head off. It's not you that speaketh. It's the spirit of your father whereby we cry ab by father. So you mean this is adoption sons? &gt;&gt; You mean the end time generation is manifested sons? You mean it's not you speaking Micah, it's the father speaking through you. God that's in you, &gt;&gt; he does the speaking. &gt;&gt; If you premeditate it, &gt;&gt; then you did your own thinking. &gt;&gt; But if you're just willing to be the lamb, the dove will do the speaking. &gt;&gt; Do you see what Brother Josh said last night? You're another Mary. &gt;&gt; I believe you said that last night. You're another Mary. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you what's in this building tonight? What you're feeling &gt;&gt; is overshadowing power. &gt;&gt; The power of the highest. Oh God shall overshadow thee. &gt;&gt; Now Mary says, "Lord, how can I do this? &gt;&gt; I'm slow of speech. &gt;&gt; I'm not a eloquent speaker. &gt;&gt; I'm a little girl that's not married. And if I have a child, they're going to call my child illegitimate. I'm in a how I'm in a horrible condition. How am I going to do this? But the power of God dropped in the building &gt;&gt; and begin to overshadow her. Can I say this to you? That word overshadow means the use of the Holy Spirit exerting creative energy [Music] &gt;&gt; upon the womb of the Virgin Mary and impregnating it. It's a use of the word which seems to have been drawn from the familiar Old Testament idea of a cloud &gt;&gt; as symbolizing the immediate presence. &gt;&gt; I know they made fun of me for preaching last year. I'm going to preach it again. a cloud overshadowing the presence and the power of God. Listen folks, the same power of God that met Mary and filled her mouth with the word. Come on. She didn't know what to say, but the angel, the cloud, gave her something to say. And when God wanted a response out of Mary, she said these words, "Be it unto me according to thy word." And the word she said, brother Jonathan, the word she said created the savior in her soul that saved my life. Listen, I'm not a crazy man. Some of you got loved ones running from God right now. Speak the word. Speak the word over them mamas. Speak the word over them daddies. [Applause] God can put a word &gt;&gt; in your mouth. &gt;&gt; Do you call this the final kill? Going in for the final kill. &gt;&gt; Going in there and tear that devil down. &gt;&gt; Is that okay? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Want to tear him down &gt;&gt; right now? We're turning to a prayer line right now. If you start thinking about it, it'll never happen. &gt;&gt; When I get up there, I'm going to say this, and I'm going to say that, and I'm going to say this, and I'm going to say that, and I'm going to say this, and I'm going to say that, and you know what I found? We come in prayer lines saying more what the devil said than what God said. Well, the devil told me I'm this, and the devil told me that. Listen, the devil's a liar. He's a liar. How long are you going to lend your mouth to him? Brother Matt, if I'm going to say something, I'm going to say something that's the truth. And what the devil says is not. But brother Josh, what the word says, he said I would know the truth and the truth would make me free. Glory to God. The devil is right here now. I I'm just saying I'm not going to call her out. She's right here in this building tonight. Amen. Come. I prayed for a young girl the other day come in the prayer line and she said these words. The devil's told me this and I'm not pretty and I'm not this and I'm not that and the devil's told me this. Amen. But what did the word say about you? What did the word say about you? You know what the word said about her? The word said she was a daughter of God. She was fearfully and wonderfully made. And when I stood there and begin to quote the word of God over her life, she fell under the power of God. It wasn't me. It's the word that we speak. Open up your mouth and God will feel it. You said, "Brother Ander, I don't know. You're getting way out there. The Holy Spirit's here. He's moved over you. And I believe the same one that could overshadow Mary that could create, &gt;&gt; he can also &gt;&gt; come on. put a word &gt;&gt; in your mouth &gt;&gt; and that will bring that devil down. &gt;&gt; Brother Brother Wayne here, I want to borrow a testimony from him. You've heard him tell it. He went to India several years ago, many years ago, and he was there preaching, and while he was preaching, he went in this building, and you all heard the testimony. There was there was gods, pictures of Hindu gods all over the wall. and he said, "We wanted to take them down to preach the gospel, but they wouldn't let us." So, Brother Wayne, being the message preacher he is, went in there and just kept preaching the message in the face of all them hideous, ugly gods. &gt;&gt; And while he was preaching, there was a lady fell over and I don't know if she fell dead or she just fell over the demon possession &gt;&gt; right there. They went over and prayed for her and Brother Wayne comes back to start preaching and he says it like this. before I knew what I was saying. I said, "If that woman don't get up off the ground, God's not even God." Is that right? &gt;&gt; And he said, "I put my hand kind of like the devil's trying to get some of y'all to do right now. &gt;&gt; I put my hand over my mouth." He said, "Cuz I knew that if I said that, that was the craziest thing to say. Cuz whether that woman got up off the ground or not, God is still God." &gt;&gt; But what happened was the final showdown. What happened was God brought a showdown right there under a son of God with the word of God in his mouth. And that woman got up off the ground. And when she got up off the ground, he said, "The power of God knocked the pictures off the wall." Is that the truth, Brother Wayne? You say, "Preacher, that was Brother Wayne." Well, let me say this. If God can take a piece of Arkansas dirt and fill him with the word of faith and put a word in his mouth and open the seals to him and send him to India to stand there and bring the word of God to a showdown, he can take a piece of Tennessee dirt. He can take a piece of North Carolina dirt. He can take any piece of dirt in this building tonight and put you before your enemy. And that enemy will have to fall at your feet. [Applause] Listen, it's time to draw your sword. It's time to draw your sword. I said it's time to draw your sword. We've been preaching. We've been praying. We've been worshiping. We've been singing. We've been dedicating ourselves for this moment, for this time right here. Satan, you're fixing to die. Satan, you're fixing to lose your hold. You've held as long as you're going to hold. You bound as long as you're going to bind. The word of faith is in the building tonight and there's a mouth open. [Applause] Lord, if you'll feel it, I'll say it. Lord, if you'll feel it, I'll say it. Birds of a feather flock together. &gt;&gt; Your tongues, you're ruined. Give enough cow, enough rope, it'll hang itself. Those were good old saying, but we got some new sayings. My name was in the lamb's book of life from before the foundation of the world. [Applause] Before there was one sin, I was already in the mind of God. I am the sinless, spotless, virtuous bride of Jesus Christ. I'm not just forgiven. I'm justified. It's as though I never done it. Satan is defeated. I can live so close to God that the devil don't know what to do with me. I'm not just a young person. I'm an overcomer. Open your mouth tonight. The book is open. The revelation is here. It just needs a voice to speak it. I give my voice. He said, "Brother Andrew, &gt;&gt; that's too much." No, it's not. &gt;&gt; No, it's not. It's your time to speak. &gt;&gt; The living Christ is right here in this building tonight. The word is in your mouth. The word is in your mouth. &gt;&gt; Go and take the little book. &gt;&gt; It's open in the hand. And eat the book. For thou must whisper &gt;&gt; again. Thou must make another devil deal with the devil. &gt;&gt; Thou must prophesy &gt;&gt; before many peoples, many kings, many tongues, and many nations. I'm not going to read it to you. I'm just going to tell it to you in one point. The word is in your mouth. And the word is a sword and it is sharper than any two-edged sword. It will pierce the will divide and it will pierce the enemy's heart. Can I tell you why the devil's against you right now? Brother said this. He said the swer the sword is in your mouth and the enemy will be slayed by the word that proceeds from his mouth. Whatever they say is going to happen because it's the word of God coming from the mouth of God. &gt;&gt; The same mouth of Moses that was slow of speech. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And couldn't pronounce words right &gt;&gt; said what God put in his mouth. &gt;&gt; And then turned and created flies. &gt;&gt; Turned water into blood. That's right. &gt;&gt; See, the word &gt;&gt; is nigh thee. When a spirit born, spiritfilled man in faith takes the word into his heart, &gt;&gt; places it upon his lips. &gt;&gt; Why? That's the same as deity speaking. &gt;&gt; Can I read the rest of it? &gt;&gt; Every mountain has to go. &gt;&gt; Brother Tim, Satan cannot stand before that man. Did you hear that, devil? You can't stand before this open book generation. You can't stand before these young people. You can't stand before the bride of Christ. The word has never failed in the mouths of believing Christians. And in this last age, it is here stronger. It is here stronger. &gt;&gt; Don't get mad at me. It's here stronger in your mouth tonight than it was in Hatty Rights. [Applause] Is that okay? It's here stronger in your mouth tonight than it was in Bankswoods. [Applause] &gt;&gt; You know what's pushing against that right now is that devil that's fixing to fall at your feet. &gt;&gt; You know why that devil didn't want you to say amen right there? It's cuz he knows, brother Josh, he's fixing to fall at your feet. But go ahead, end time generation, and say, "Amen. That ain't nothing but the truth." Hallelujah. The word is in me. It's stronger in me. It's greater in me than any generation before me. Release the word. &gt;&gt; I'm done right here. &gt;&gt; God redeemed you and the devil ain't going to use you. God redeems you and the devil don't have no right to use your voice. He don't have no right to use your tongue. He don't have no right to use your hands. He don't have no right to use your feet. He don't have no right to use your mind. God redeemed you because it's his time to speak through you. He's already spoke through Moses. He's already spoke through brother Brandham. He's brother Wayne. He's already spoke through you and continues to. But right here tonight, young people, you say, "I've been wanting to speak and that devil fall." It's going to happen right here tonight. It's your turn to speak. Why cry? Speak. [Music] The only time to cry is when the book is closed. &gt;&gt; But when the book comes open, &gt;&gt; you ready to approach him? &gt;&gt; You ready to approach the high priest? &gt;&gt; How many have heard brother Paul say like this? God thought it. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram spoke it. &gt;&gt; I believe it. &gt;&gt; That settles it. Anybody ever heard that? Would it be okay tonight if we take that a step further? God fought it. Brother Brandham spoke it. I believe it. That settles it. Now I'm going to say it. I believed and therefore have I spoken. The reason I'm speaking is because I believe I believe what I'm saying. I believe he's a healer. I believe he's a deliverer. I believe he's a Holy Ghost healer. I believe he's a soul saver. I believe he's a cancer killer. I believe he's a prodical child. Bring it home. God, I believe. And because I believe is the reason I speak. And there ain't no devil going to shut me up. It's your time to speak. It's your time to speak, Judah. It's your time to speak. It's your time to speak. It's your time to slay the enemy with a word of faith in your mouth. [Applause] God said there would be a time the true word &gt;&gt; would return to her. &gt;&gt; Before a word is a fault. Come on. &gt;&gt; A thought has to be created. &gt;&gt; So God's thoughts become creation when it was spoke by word. [Applause] &gt;&gt; That's when he &gt;&gt; presents it to you &gt;&gt; as a thought, &gt;&gt; his thoughts, and it's revealed to you, but it's still a thought. Direct quote. until you speak it. [Music] So when you speak it, God has revealed it and it becomes a divine anchor to you. Deity will be revealed in human beings by bringing to pass the thought of their mind. Satan, hear me and hear me well. Deity is not in heaven. Deity is in St. Mary's. Oh high, in a youth camp tonight in the redeemed flesh of the new generation of the open book. And they've got a word confession. Go ahead and say it. Fear, you're defeated. Nervousness, you're defeated. Go ahead. We're in spiritual warfare. Doubt, you're defeated. &gt;&gt; Whatever it is that's trying to bind you, speak it right now and defeat that devil [Applause] by the word of faith in your mouth. Let our musicians come tonight. The word of faith is in your mouth. &gt;&gt; The word of faith is in this building tonight. &gt;&gt; This is not an emotional platform. I have not built a platform for you to step on tonight under emotions or sensations. I have built a platform by the preaching of the message of the hour for every son and daughter of this word to step up on that platform and have a prayer line like you never had before. Not a begging prayer line. Not a wish I could get it prayer line. Not if I get good enough, I'll get it prayer line, but an authoritative prayer line. When you step on the word and say, God, you promised it. See, I don't believe you got to go to the prayer line to get it. I believe you can get it right now. I believe it can fall on you right now. I believe it right now, man. I believe right now the Holy Ghost can fall in this building. Satan, I adjure thee in the name of Jesus Christ. Give way to the message of the hour. Give way to the authority of the confession of the open book. Thou demon of nervousness, thou demon of passing out, thou demon of anxiety, I adjure thee in the name of Jesus Christ, I stand upon the infallibility of the spoken word of almighty God and I say, house of hell, sufferer, suffer no more, arise and be healed in the name of Jesus Christ. [Applause] Get out. &gt;&gt; Go ahead, devil. Get out. &gt;&gt; Devil, get out. Get out. While the getting out's good. [Music] So, you know how I can you know how I can say that? You know how I can say that, brother Daniel? It's cuz I know while I'm preaching the word of faith is working. &gt;&gt; See, I'm not a crazy man. I'm a message believer. &gt;&gt; I believe &gt;&gt; is it okay? &gt;&gt; I I believe I believe people people want to label us Pentecostal for having prayer lines, but but we we don't just always have prayer lines. We have prayer lines/ testimony lines. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; We don't just have prayer lines, brother Kevin. Sometimes by the time you get to the head of that prayer line, your desires already become a reality and you just go through the prayer line saying, "Thank God, it's settled. I believe it. I'm healed. I'm delivered. I'm forgiven. I'm justified. I got a revelation in the depths of my soul. I come from God and I'm going back to God. I believe you walk through that prayer line putting your foot on nervousness. I believe you can walk to this prayer line putting your foot on pornography. Put your foot on it, young people. You're anointed by the word of faith to do it. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory to God. Put your foot on that devil. [Music] I say this for the glory of God. That demon of nervousness is in trouble tonight. [Applause] I study a prophet and he said nervousness is worse than cancer. He said, "It controls you. It grips you." He said, "But do you believe me to be God's servant?" &gt;&gt; Do you believe me to be God's prophet? Then nervousness turned loose. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Demons are real. &gt;&gt; I didn't just meet him yesterday. I tell you right now, if you don't put that foot on that nervousness right now, it'll control your marriage. It'll control your children. It'll control your future. It's a devil. [Applause] [Music] I'm sorry, brother Wayne. I'm going too long. And it works in the realm of imagination. You know that, brother. It works in the realm of imagination. Some of the things you're afraid of are things you're imagining. They're not even real, [Applause] &gt;&gt; but you've imagined them so long &gt;&gt; that they become real to you. &gt;&gt; I was over in New Zealand one night while I was preaching in a meeting one morning. I said, "Listen, that demon of fear is right here and it's a it's a wicked devil. I'm I'm I'm done right here. I'm I'm punching devils." I said, "It's a wicked demon." And I said, "It'll destroy you. It'll destroy your marriage. It'll destroy your family." &gt;&gt; I said, "God is your go-betweeneteen in the time of trouble." Uh, can you give me that picture? The pillar of fire. I put it up there and there was a cloud over brother's head. I said, "Do you see this pillar of fire right here?" I said, "The pillar of fire you see in that right there it is. That pillar of fire you see in that picture." I said, "That pillar of fire stands between you and trouble." I said, "It's your goeteen in the time of trouble." I said, "It stands between things that's trying to kill you and won't let them get near you." And when I said that, Brother Josh, the power of God dropped in that building. And there was a mama in the back corner. She raised her hand and begin to scream. She began to worship God. We got up to the cafeteria afterwards. She grabbed the microphone. She said, she said, "I want to testify." She said, "Ever since I was a little girl," she said, "Something happened to me and a fear got a hold of me." And she said, "I've always lived with this fear. I'm going to die in a car wreck. She said, "That's the fear I've lived." She said, "Let me tell you all how real that fear become." She said, "When I left to come to this camp, I didn't want to come cuz the devil told me I was going to die in a car wreck on the way here." You know what she said? She said, "I wrote out a letter. I put it underneath my bed who I wanted to raise my kids and what I wanted them to do." She said, "Cuz I knew we were going to be killed in a car wreck." She said, "But while the word of God Oh, God. Thank you, Jesus." She said while the word of God was going forth, she said that pillar of fire struck my heart and she said that fear is broken. She said I will not die. I will live to raise my children for the glory of God. Brother, that same God is right here in this building tonight. Whatever that fear is that's bound you, speak the word. Confess the word over that fear. I stood right down there at brother Tim Puit in Louisiana at the youth camp and told that testimony and a little woman sitting about the same spot come to me. She said, "Brother Andrew," she said, "We had a kid late in life and she said, "That devil's gripping my heart. That demon of fear and we're not going to live long enough to raise our child." She said, "But this morning, while the word was going forth, she said that spirit broke me." She said, "That spirit of God broke that spirit off of me." She said, "I want to confess it. I'm going to raise my child for the in your mouth. [Music] Where's Brother Matthew Clinton? Raise your hand high. Both of them. I can't find you. Right there he is. Just the other day, I'm not going to tell the whole testimony, but just the other day, he had a had a had an episode in his chest, and he honestly said, "I felt like I was dying. It's okay to share." He said, "I went home, got my affairs in order and everything." He said, "It was like a spirit of fear just gripped me." He said it was, he said, "I couldn't breathe. Went to the doctor, they couldn't find nothing. Wanted to do a test." And he said this. He said, "They found some calcium in the widowmaker artery." He said, "And they it was the worst one." He said, "But then I think it was in a service and the preacher was preaching and the Holy Ghost spoke to him." He said, "They went back and done the scan, said the widowmaker was full. They did another scan and said there was nothing in the artery. Now, I know intellectual devils. I know scientific devils and they want to say, "Well, they made a mistake when they did the first test, and there's no way that could be." Don't you give your mouth to that scientific devil. You stand up on the word of God and say, "It was there, but the word of faith come across his heart and removed it." that God is in this building tonight. Play that audio clip, please. God bless you. &gt;&gt; I pray every father with all my heart that you'll break every feeder of unbelief. Have every single spirit. May they not be able to stand right away. May the pure unadulterated faith in God being hard to account. May the devil be defeated in our lives. And we know he is defeated because he is a deceit being demon. And Satan, I turn to you now to say this that you are defeated. &gt;&gt; You're not afraid of us, but you're afraid of the ones we're speaking about. &gt;&gt; You have lost every bit of power you ever had. You were defeated in power. Jesus Christ, God's son, climbs over every enemy. He conquered all sickness, all death, hell, and grave. and conquered every victory that you've ever had and you're nothing but a blood and we're calling your blood tonight in the name of Jesus Christ and second power of God presence [Music] [Applause] God's We're expecting it and we already shall be told of Satan and God has received it. We know that it's we ask that in Jesus Christ for God and just stay with God. Just believe now with all your heart. Lord, I believe that you can heal me. I believe because I laid my hands on this man here. He laid his hands on me, on this woman. He laid her hands on me. I was led to do that. I was led to lay my hands on this person. They were led to lay her hands on me. The same Holy Ghost that this whole state of led me to do this while we're right here in this place. Now I believe you are Satan. Get away from me right now because I'm sealed Abraham by Jesus Christ and I take all things. [Music] Only believe. only &gt;&gt; the wall line will go across the back and down this side. If you just like to take your time getting in line, that's fine. All things are possible. [Music] Holy believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are the Lord. Only [Music] believe. Only believe. [Music] All things possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. Holy believe. All things are possible. Holy believe, holy believe. [Music] Holy believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. [Music] Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible, Lord. I believe. Yes, Lord. I believe, [Music] Lord. I believe all things possible. Lord, I believe. Jesus. Jes. Jesus is here. [Music] All things, all things are possible. Jesus is here. Oh my Jesus [Music] is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Oh Jesus is here. Lord, I believe. Lord, [Music] oh my Lord, and all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord. Lord, I believe. Lord, [Music] I believe. All things are possible. Oh Lord, I need Jesus is here. Jesus is here. My Jesus. Yes Lord. All things are possible. [Music] Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Oh Jesus [Music] is here. Lord I receive Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] My Lord I receive. All things are possible. Oh Lord, I receive. Yes, Lord. Oh my Lord, I receive all things. [Music] Oh Lord, I receive. Only believe, holy. [Music] Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Holy believe. All things are possible. Oh, [Music] [Applause] we believe. [Music] Holy believe. [Music] All things possible. Ally [Music] believe. I love him. I love him. [Music] Because he first love the love of me [Music] and my [Music] salvation care tree and I love him. I love him. Yes, Lord. Because he wores my Salvation. Oh, dream. [Music] I love him. Yes, I [Music] love him. Because he calls he first love me and [Music] all [Music] [Applause] [Music] tree. I love him. I love him. Yes, Lord. I love him because he love me. [Applause] [Music] Sal [Music] [Music] tree. He is all I need. [Music] He is all I need. [Music] Jesus is all mighty. He is all I need. He is all [Music] I need. [Applause] Jesus is all. [Music] He is all. He's all [Music] Jesus is all I need. [Music] He is all [Music] my Jesus for his own. [Music] I worship him. I worship him [Music] in spirit. [Music] I worship him. I worship [Music] him. I worship him [Music] in spirit. [Music] Truth. He is all I need. He's all [Music] He is all mighty. Jesus is all I need. He is all I need. Jesus [Music] is all I need. [Music] I take him now. I take him down. [Music] Oh, I [Music] take Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] All that I need I worship him. I worship [Music] him. I worship him [Music] in spirit. [Music] true [Music] shall [Music] I worship his spirit. is true. He is all He's all I need. He's all I need. [Music] Jesus is all I need. [Music] He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I [Music] in the presence [Music] of Jehovah God. God Almighty, prince of peace, prince of peace, [Music] trles, Oh hearts are me the praise. Oh, the king in the presence. [Music] [Music] [Music] God [Music] [Applause] [Music] just Hey [Music] in the presence [Music] of the In the presence [Music] of [Music] God mighty. You're the prince of peace. Oh, the prince of peace. Troules vanished. True. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Oh, the king in the presence in the presence. [Music] Oh, he's the bra. [Music] [Music] And [Applause] hearts are in the sun for the king. [Music] He's already proided. He's already [Music] proided everything. Everything [Music] you need, he's already proided. Every promise, every proise you can claim. Just ask it in his name. Everything you need. He's already proided. [Music] He's already provided. He's already proiding. Thank you, Lord. He's already proiding everything you need. Oh, everything you need, he's already proided. Oh, just ask. Promise you can claim. Just ask it. Oh, just ask it in his name. Everything you need. Oh yes, he's already proided. everything. He's already proided. He's already proided. Everything, everything you need, he's already proided. Every promise, oh, every promise you can claim. Oh, we claim it tonight. Yes, Lord. Oh, just ask him in his name. everything you need. He's already [Music] [Music] He's already [Music] is already finished. Everything [Music] you need. He's already [Music] every promise. Every you can just ask [Music] his name. Everything you need already proide [Music] once again. Yes, providing [Music] pro. Everything you need, he's already provided. Every proise you can play. Just ask it in his name. Everything you need. Oh yes already. Oh my [Music] Jesus is the sweetest name I know. [Music] [Applause] He's just the same as his lovely name. [Music] That's the reason why I love his soul. Oh, [Music] for Jesus is the sweetest name. I know Jesus. Oh, for Jesus is the sweetest way I know. Oh, just the same as his lovely name. That's the reason why I love him. So [Music] for Jesus, for Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Oh Jesus is for my Jesus sweetest name. I know. I know. [Music] The same. Oh, as his lovely name. And that's the reason why I love him. So for Jesus, Lord Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Oh Jesus is my Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Oh yes. He's just the same today. Hallelujah. [Applause] Thank you father. We thank you Jesus. Oh his lovely name. That's the reason. Oh, and that's the reason why I love him so. Oh, he's the sweetest Jesus. He is the sweetest name I know. Yes, he is singing about our Lord Jesus. Oh Jesus is the sweetest name I know. Oh, he's the same. He is just the same as his lovely name. [Music] And that's the reason why I love him so [Music] I Oh, [Applause] [Music] you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Aba Father, [Music] you are worthy of all praise. Praise to you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Yes, you are awome in this place. a father, you're worthy. You are worthy of all praise to you. [Music] You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place, mighty God. heart. You are awesome in this place. Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our hearts we raise. You are awesome in this place. [Music] You are awome in this place. Mighty God, [Music] you're awesome in this place. Father, you are worthy of our praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Our father, you are worthy of all praise. To you are life's praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, as I come, as I come into your presence, past the gates of praise, into your sanctuary, till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. I can only bow down a place. Mighty God, mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Lord, you are worthy. You are worthy of praise. To you our lives we are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome, you are awome in this place. Mighty mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Father, Lord, you are worthy. You are worthy of all praise. You are my praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, as I come, as I come into your presence, pass the gates of praise, into your sanctuary, till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. I can only bow down a place. Thank you. [Music] You're worthy of our praise. You are we are awesome in this place. Hallelujah. You're an awesome God. You are awesome in this place. Heat. Heat. [Music] You are worthy of our praise. You are praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you're awesome. You are so awesome. What an awesome he mighty God. He's doing wonderful things tonight. You are awesome in this place. We thank you Jesus. We thank you Lord. You are worthy of all praise. To you. To you our lives praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. As I come, as I come into your presence, pass the gates of praise, into your sanctuary, till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. I can only bow down and say you are awesome. [Music] My God. Yes. You are awesome this day. Father of all to you to you great for me. Oh mighty God. He touched me. Oh, he touched me. [Applause] And oh, the joy that floods my soul. Something happens. Something wonderful happened. And now I know. Thank God he touched me. Oh, he touched me. Oh yes, he touched me. Thank you, Lord. I can't Jesus tonight. Oh, thank you for your touch, Lord Jesus. Heat. Heat. touch me any sh will I will The Lord is the hand of Jesus. [Music] I am the Thank you. Touch me. [Applause] That was my soul. Something happen. And now I know he touched me and Since I s this savior [Music] I shall never Jesus shall never see it. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] I was shackled shackled by a heavy burden. The Lord app. Oh, here it is tonight. The hand of Jesus. Feel the energy. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. And now I [Applause] he [Music] Oh, he touched me and made me whole. He touched me and made me whole. He touched me. Yes, he touched me and made me whole. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Yes, [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Jesus. Thank you, Father. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. God blesses you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Who is like the Lord in all the earth? [Music] Matchless love and beauty in this world. Nothing in this world can satisfy. [Music] &gt;&gt; Jesus, you're the cup that won't like who is like the Lord in all the earth. Passless love and beauty in this world. Nothing nothing in this world can satisfy. Oh my Jesus, you're the cup that won't run. Your presence, your presence is peace. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. This world is satisfied. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yes, you are merciful. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Who is the Lord in all the earth this world? Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. treasure of my heart. [Music] Treasure of my heart and of my soul. In my weakness, in my weakness, you are merciful. Redeemer, redeemer of my past and present. Oh, [Music] of my future days to come. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] to me. Oh, your presence [Applause] is to me. Oh, your presence you say to me. [Applause] Hallelujah. Your It is heaven. This is heaven tonight. Thank you father to me. Thank you Jesus for his love to me all my days. [Music] All my days on earth I away. The moment that moment that I see your face to face nothing in this world in this world is found. Jesus you're the cup. Jesus, you're the cup that won't regret. I said you're a Lord. It's heaven to me. Thank God your presence. Your presence is to me. Oh, your presence, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your presence. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Lord is heaven to me. Yes, your presence [Music] is to me. Oh, and I'm free [Applause] in his presence. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] I'm chang forever in his presence. Yes, I'm free. Yeah. Heat. Lord Jesus. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. forever. Let's clap our hands tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you for the victory. Thank you for the victory tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the name. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] There's healing in this presence, Lord. There's healing in this presence. There's healing in his presence. Heat. Heat. Heat. This presence Deliverance. Deliverance. [Music] [Applause] Oh, there's joy. There is joy in the presence. Sweet joy. Joy in the presence of the Lord. Joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. Sing. There's freedom. There's freom. [Music] I said there's freedom. Yeah, there's freedom. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] All the freom the presence of the Lord. Heat. Heat. in his presence. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Father. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Yes father there is nothing there is nothing absolutely nothing like the presence Oh, [Music] nothing like present. There's nothing like the pres. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. It makes me want to shout halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory. Yes, Lord. All the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise. It makes me want to sh [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he me, how he filled me. When I think about the Lord, how he picks me up. It makes me want to sh [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. All the praise. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Where would I be? [Music] You only know. Thank you, Lord. I'm glad you sing. through eyes of love. [Music] All is an empty place for where would I be [Music] through Eyes above empty place if not for grace [Music] would I be you know you see that you through eyes of love. Such an empty place if not the grace. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. Once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, such an empty [Music] grace. Precious Lord, precious Lord, please me and let me stay. [Music] Oh, if not, where would I be? &gt;&gt; Where would I be? [Music] You only know that you see through eyes of love. Open this case. Lift up for me. Precious Lord. Precious Lord. Please take my hand. Yes Lord. Lead me all and let me stand. Oh, peace [Music] of grace. [Music] Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord. Lord my soul and all that is within me is the Lord [Music] my soul. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. [Applause] Oh, heat, heat. Hey, [Music] heat. Hey, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Bless the Lord, oh my soul. [Music] Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, and all and all that is within me. Bless his [Applause] name. Bless the Lord. [Music] We bless you, Lord Jesus. Bless the Lord. My soul is [Music] He has done great things. Oh, he has great things. [Applause] He has great name. as his holiness. He has done great things. He has great things. Yes, Lord. So many things he has. Great things. Oh, he has done great things. Holy is [Music] bless. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yes. Hallelujah. [Music] He counts the stars one and all. Knows how much sin is on the shore. He sees each sparrow that falls. He made the mountains and the seas and he's in control of everything. All creatures great. So touching. He knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, can't see the light of day. I know I'll be just fine. Oh, he knows my name. [Music] I don't know what tomorrow will bring. Can't tell you what's in store. I don't know a lot of things. [Music] I don't have all the answers to the questions. [Music] But I know in my head he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I take, every tear that he knows, I'm overwhelmed by [Music] [Applause] [Music] He knows my name. [Applause] [Music] I don't know what tomorrow will bring. I can't tell you what's in store. Yes, Jesus. Oh, thank you. [Music] [Music] But I know you have me. He knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name, but I'm overwhelmed by the pain. I can't see the light. No, I'll be just fine. He knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, [Music] God knows my name. And I'm overwhelmed by the pain. I can't see the light of day. No, I'll be just fine. He knows my name. [Music] He counts the stars one and all. Knows how much sand is all the shore. sees every sparrow that falls. He made the mountains and the seas. He's in control of everything of all cre every step that I take. [Music] Every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name, but I'm overwhelmed by pain. Can't see the lighting. No, I'll be just fine. He knows my name. [Music] He counts the stars one and all. Knows how much sand. Sees every spiral that falls. [Applause] [Music] He bathe the mountains and the seas. He's in control of every of all creatures. Great. He knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name, but I'm overwhelmed by the pain. Can't see the light. Know my smile. He knows my name. [Music] &gt;&gt; Jesus draw me closeer Lord to you. Let the world around me fade away. [Music] Oh my Jesus, draw me close, closeer, Lord, to you. [Music] For I desire to worship him. [Music] Oh my Jesus draw me. [Music] Closer Lord to you. [Music] Let the world around me fade away. Jesus draw me close to you for I desire to worship Oh Jesus draw. Oh my Jesus draw me close closer Lord. Closeer Lord to you. And the world made the world around me away. Jesus draw me close [Applause] to you for I worship you. [Music] closer. [Music] Let this world around me fade away. [Music] Jesus draw me closeer Lord to you for I desire I desire [Music] Worship me oy. [Music] Heal me, oh Lord, [Music] and I will be healed. Save me, and I will be saved. [Music] Heal me, oh Lord. [Music] I will be healed. [Applause] For you are the one I pray. You are the one. Oh, I pray. Yes. Heal me, oh Lord. Oh, and I will be healed. Save me. I will be save. Oh Lord, [Music] I will be here. For you are the one my Lord. You are all you are the one I praise. Heal me Lord. Oh me, oh Lord, and I be save. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] you are the one I [Music] heal me. Oh, you heal me. Heal me. And I will save me. Oh, save me. [Music] Save. And I will be you are [Music] you're the one you are the one I pray. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now. [Music] I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh yes, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you right now. I lift my hands. I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, yes. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. Yes, I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] It's not in trying but in trusting. It's not in running but in resting. It's not in wondering but in pray that we find the strength of the Lord. Oh, it's not in trying but in trusting. It's not in running but in resting. It's not in wondering but in pray that we find the strength of the Lord. Oh no, it's not in trying, Lord, but in trusting. It's not in running, but in resting. Oh, it's not in wondering that we find the strength of the Lord. Oh Lord, it's not in trying. It's not in trying. It's not in running but in resting. It's not in wondering but in pray that we find the strength of the Lord. Oh Lord, it's not trying. It's not running in resting. It's not in wondering in praying. that we find strength of. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way, Lord. Have your way in me, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I am here for you. Every breath that I take, every moment, every [Music] [Music] desire you to Wonder with all of you. I have within me. I give you praise. I give you the praise. All is you. [Music] Lord, I give you my heart. Oh, every breath that I take, every moment I wait, have your way, Lord. Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I give you my soul. Yes. Jesus. Blessed father. Oh, I for every [Music] moment. Lord, I give you. Lord, I give you. Yes, I give you. I give you my soul. [Music] I live for you. Every breath that I take, every moment, every moment my way, Lord, you have your way. This is my desire. This is my desire to wonder you [Music] Lord with all my heart I worship you. [Music] In all I have within me, [Music] I give you the praise. All that I adore is in you, [Music] Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] I live here for you, Lord. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, I give you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. for you. For you everywhere every moment, [Music] have your way, Lord Jesus. Lord, have your way in. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your bread in our lives. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. is your in our lives. So we go out Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Great are you Lord. [Music] You give light. You are love. You bring light to the dark. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Great are you. You give life. Yes, Lord. You give love. You are love. You bring light to the dawn. beautiful. So every heart is [Music] great. [Music] All the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You are worthy of it all. &gt;&gt; You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory, &gt;&gt; Lord. You're worthy. You are worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. All the saints, all the saints and angels bow before your throne. [Music] All the elers cast their crowns before the lamb of God can see. You are worthy of it all. Jesus, you are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things. You are all things. You deserve the glory. You are worthy. Lord Jesus, you are worthy of it all. [Applause] My Jesus, you're worthy of it all. You're so worthy of it all. For from you all [Music] to you. Oh, you deserve the glory. All the saints, [Music] all the saint angels bow before your throne. Oh, we cast the crowns before. Oh, see all the saints and angels. All the saints and angels. [Music] cast the crown for you are worthy. You're worthy of all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, you're so worthy, Jesus. You're worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things. You are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] Yes, Lord. In Christ alone, my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my song, this cornerstone. is solid ground firm through the fiercest drought and storm. What heights of love, what depths of peace. When fears are still and striving cease, my comforter, my all in all, here in the love of Christ I stand [Music] in Christ alone who took on flesh fullness of God in helpless faith will this give the love of love. Oh in righteousness. Oh sworn by the ones he came to save till on that cross as Jesus died. Oh sisfied for every sing I live. Oh, there in the ground is light of the world. My darkness sling for in glorious day from the grave. He rules again as he stand [Music] with the precious blood of Christ. Once again there in the ground his body lay. Light of the world by darkness slee. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] No guilt in life, no fear in Hallelujah. This is the power of Christ in me from the last [Music] Jesus. Yes. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Here in the power of Christ I stand. There's no guilt in life, no fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. from life's first cry to find breath. Oh Jesus commands. No power, no power of hell. No scheme of man can ever till he returns or calls me home. Power of Christ I stand. [Music] Oh the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh, it chases me down till I don't deserve it. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. never preious God. Before I spoke a word, Lord, you were singing over me. You have been so good. You have been so so good to me. Before I took a breath, you breathe your life in me. Lord, you've been so good. You have been so so good to me. All the overwhelming overwhelming Yeah. Heat. I don't deserve it. You give yourself away precious love God. [Music] When I was your fault, still your love fall for me. [Music] You have been so so good to me when I felt no worth. Yes. Yes. Lord, you paid it all. You paid it all for me. Lord, you have been so so [Music] precious. Ches [Music] of There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. You won't tear down after me. [Music] You won't you won't me out. Heat [Music] up here. [Music] [Applause] All the overwhelmed ever precious love. Oh, it chases me. Find me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Never ending precious love of God. My God is greater. My God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. Oh yes. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God. You are higher than any other. Our God is he awesome. Hallelujah. Oh God is our God. Water you turn into wine. Lord, you open the eyes of the blind. There's no one. There's none like you. Oh, there's nothing like you into the darkness. You shine. Out of the ashes. [Music] There's no one like you. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome power. Our God. Yes. Our God. Our God is great. Our God is great. Hallelujah. Our God is stronger. You might God is he awome. Awesome. our God. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop? Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Awesome. God, our God is our God is. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Awesome. Our God. Our God. I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. Oh, his promise is true. So I speak to [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, so I do. [Music] My enemies scatter. My enemies die. Thank you Jesus. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Why would I worry? Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Sing a God is so much bigger. world power world. I don't need any of it cuz my god is so much Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. This is true. I'll speak to the Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. His promise is true. I be [Music] strong. [Music] You're all singing. My God is he. My God is he. Somebody sing it tonight. Sing it out. My God is. Somebody shout it out. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, you're so good. You're such a good God. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Thank you. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We praise you. I said it's so high. You can't get over it. So, you can't get under it. So, why you can't get over it? Oh, wonderful love. Oh, the love of Jesus is so wonderful. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Jesus Jesus. Sorry. [Music] It's so high. It's so high. That's a mighty big Jesus. So Jesus Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Yes, sir. Give me 10 brothers. Come on, guys. I need 10 right now. Hurry. Give me 10 brothers. Come on. Right you. Come on. Let's go. Come on, Isaac. Come on. Come on, brothers. Need 10 of you. Come on. Yes. Yes. Yes. Now I want you to sing. Sing it all. Oh, the love of Jesus is Oh, the love. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Now let's wonder [Applause] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Yes. Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music] [Applause] heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Yes, sir. Somebody's happy tonight. Somebody's free tonight. Glory. I got a little extra step tonight. Glory. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Jesus wash my Jesus wash my s away. Hey, happy day. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Jesus. Everybody want Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Oh, [Music] heat, heat. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. Amen. How many has a testimony from tonight? Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. You got another one in your book. You got another one. Write it down. It's in the record book. You You had one last year, too. Now you got another one. It's all right. You can have multiple blessings. Yeah. You can enjoy it. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. You can dance your way out of here. Whatever you like, the exit doors are open. However you feel, God be with you. Claim your victory tonight. Go believe it. Go believe it. Go claim it. Even if you don't feel it, even if your back still hurts, keep claiming it. Yeah. Even when you fall, if you get in that dorm room and you do that dumb joke, you just get back up. takes two seconds to say, "I'm sorry, Lord. I repent." Don't worry about it. I want you to come back tomorrow morning and be free and ready to go. Sunday morning service, the grand finale, cuz the devil's head's already been cut off. The devil has no head. Not here. Not here. We got a different head. The Lord Jesus Christ. Yes, sir. I my sins away. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. It was a happy day. Yeah. Glory. going. Yeah. [Music] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. It's a happy day. He taught me how to watch fighting. rejoicing [Applause] every day. each and every day. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus. Jesus wash. He washed my sins away. [Music] [Music] You don't have to worry and don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troubles, they don't last all day. Remember, there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, just live. Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what become my life, I know I know that I know I know that. Oh my life is in. So when your test and trials may seem to get you down, all your friends and lovers [Music] are nowhere to be found. Remember, there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. If your heart, just lift your hand. I know that I can make it. I know. I know that. No matter my life, I know that I can make it. I know that. I know that. [Music] You don't have to worry. You don't have to worry. Don't be afraid. &gt;&gt; Joy comes in the morning. [Music] &gt;&gt; Troubles ain't last. Remember Jesus [Applause] [Music] just I know that I can make it. I know. Oh, I know. No matter &gt;&gt; with Jesus. With Jesus I can take it. With him I know. No matter [Music] with Jesus Jesus. [Music] I believe. I know that I can make it by the grace of God that I stand. Oh, no matter what, our life is &gt;&gt; with Jesus. With Jesus, [Music] here my [Applause] matter what may come my way. Oh my life. [Music] I lift my hands to the coming king. To the great I am. To you I sing. Oh, you're the one who reigns within my heart. [Music] I lift my hands to the coming king. To the great. [Music] all to you for you're the one for your the one. [Music] &gt;&gt; I lift my hand to the coming king. to the coming king. To the great I am to you I sing. Oh, you're the one. Oh, who reigns within you my heart. Oh, I will serve no foring God or any other trail. Sure. You are You are my heart desire spirit. Yes. Spirit with our measure [Music] unto your name. I will raise my sacriice.
