################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Bride’s Feast' - (Sun 3/23/2025) - Wayne Lawson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-12
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Bride’s Feast' - (Sun 3/23/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ajIUrYX8g8
========================================

[Music] My soul, bless the Lord, oh my soul and all that is within me, bless his holy [Music] Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord [Music] and all that is within me. Bless his holy. Oh, sing that again. So beautiful. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. We bless you, Jesus. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. my soul. Oh, and all that is within me, bless his holy. Oh, once again, let's stand. As a servant of a God comes, bless the Lord. Sing it out. Oh my soul, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. [Applause] [Music] and all that is within me. Bless his holy [Music] name. Sing bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul, my soul and all and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. He has done for. He has done great things. He has done great things. He has done. He has done great things. Holy name. He has done great things. Yes, he has done great things. Thank you, Lord. [Applause] Oh, how many is a witness this morning? How many can testify? He's done great things. He has done. Bless his holy holy name. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh yes. and all that is with him. He bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord. [Music] And all that is within me, bless his holy. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all. [Music] Bless his holy name. Hallelujah. Isn't he worthy of praise this morning? Amen. That we would bless his name. Amen. What a what a powerful name, the name of Jesus. Amen. And it's certainly good to see everyone here on a Sunday morning. And Amen. What a a tremendous blessing to come into such an atmosphere. Amen. We certainly believe that it is a feast, a feast with Christ. Amen. And we're um we're greatly honored. Amen. For his mercy that he has shown us to be able to see the revelation of the age, man. There's a there's a revival happening. And the prophet said the world don't know nothing about it. They're blind to seeing it. But you and I by grace Amen. have able to feed upon it by his mercies. Amen. Amen. So, we just want to take a moment this morning. We want to go into the word of the Lord. And just before we do, let's just bow our hearts in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you today for the grace that you have given, for the mercy to be here in your house, Lord, as your children gather in, Lord. Father, within the gates, Lord, I I pray this morning that your grace would, Lord, give us mercy. And Lord, as we look upon your children, and we feel a whole lot like that little boy, he just had a couple pieces of fish and a loaf of bread, Lord, but you took it in your hands and you fed the multitudes. And we pray this morning that you would take the things that we have here. And Lord, we pray that you would feed the multitudes. May May you feed them, Lord. Feed them from the young to the old. And Lord, only you could take a word and and feed the youngest to the eldest, Lord. And I pray this morning that you would give us that grace. And as we would eat, Lord, that healing would come into the body, forgiveness of sins, Lord, the forgiving of one another, that it would be a feast of your word, but a feast of love. Father, we ask you for your mercy this morning upon this meeting. Now, take it in your hands, Father, in Jesus name. Amen and amen. And God bless you. If you have your Bibles today, we'd like to go into the book of Revelations, the 10th chapter, and we'll be reading the seventh down to the 11th verse, and also Matthew 4 and verse4. Amen. Certainly good to have brother Jonathan home this morning. He since uh since he's become a part of us. He's staying going a lot of these Sunday mornings. Lord is really using him and Amen. But it it's a great honor to have him here today. Amen. And his family and Amen. We uh we also know that this will be uh the last Sunday before many of you go to the uh to the youth camp. So uh we'll be praying uh and asking the Lord for his blessings upon that as well. Amen. In Revelation chapter 10, let's start in the seventh verse. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God, should be finished, as he's declared to his servants, the prophets. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, "Go take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea, and upon the earth." Now, it's very important because that little book was closed in Revelations 5, was untouchable in Revelations 5, and here it is open in Revelations 10, and John is being invited to take it. But this is after verse 7, which is the seventh angel. So, there's been a transition. The word has been opened. And he says, "And I went unto the angel and said unto him, give me the little book. And he said unto me, take it and eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it up. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings." I'll read Matthew 4:4 to you. But he answered and said, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." May God bless you this morning as you be seated. Uh if I would take a title today, a subtitle. Of course, I'm still on this, the opening of the word. I want to just take a subtitle today. On the bride's feast. On the bride's feast. Amen. Knowing this that she's feeding on the hidden things of God. And we could call it the secret things of God. Amen. But that when it is revealed, it becomes our possession. Amen. So, Amen. It becomes our it becomes our food. Amen. This is this is bride food. When you when you're studying the the ministry of brother Brandham, when you're hearing the opening of the word and the preaching of those seals, Amen. That's not food for everyone, but it is food for the bride of Christ. It it is your food. This is your banquet. It is your feast. It is the time and I I could call it as brother Bramman preached the message feast of trumpets and he said well to the to the bride it's not feast of trumpets he said it's hidden mysteries. Amen. So the same thing that it was to the Jews and trumpets it'll be the opening of the seals to the bride. It has the same effects of the seventh trumpet to the Jew is a seventh seal to the bride. Amen. And we recognize then that would create a feast. And that's the great mystery of the church. Brother Bram telling us that we needed to be able to put together the two sides. Remember he said there's the fundamental on one side. He said, "And they they know who they are." He said, "But they just ain't got any power to make it work." And he said, "But on the other side," he said, "they got all the power." He said, "But they don't know who they are." So he said, "What we needed was the two of them to get together." Amen. And we could find out somebody who they are. And and and I'm paraphrasing, "But then they they have something to make it manifest." And I certainly believe that's a a simple way of saying we need mechanics and dynamics. And amen. It's not a frolic and it's not a funeral, but it is a feast. A feast with Christ. Amen. And it's amazing the time that we're living that we have been invited to partake not of of just anything, but to be able to feed on the mind of God. Knowing that what a prophet is is a prophet is one that channels to us, amen, the things that have been unseen or the things that have been unspoken. According to scripture, it would take a prophet to reveal a secret or to make something known that was unknown. So you when you're feeding now, God promised in this generation that he would send Malachi 4, that he would stop the curse that was going to come upon the age. In Revelations 10, it lets us know that that Elijah would be the seventh angel, amen, of the Leodysian church. And of course, we know, amen, that angel was a man named William Brandom. It was a prophet that God sent in the age. Amen. Telling us, of course, that Amos the eth chapter, amen, was not a histo. It's not something in the future, but revealing that the famine that was prophesied in the book of Amos is a famine that is it is meant for this day. That it would not be Amen. for bread and water, but it would be for the hearing of the true word of God. Amen. telling us that this is the season the the great pale horse of the apocalypse of revelation would ride out in the age and it would be a conglomeration of things which would bring a dismal and a dark time. It would bring confusion amen to everyone. It would be such a deceiving confusing time and people would be deceived. Even the elect if it were possible they wouldn't know what to believe. They would be confused upon it. But but God would send in that same season an eagle who is a prophet which is also the seventh angel which is also Elijah. Amen. Which is in that season he would come with thus saith the Lord which would end the confusion. It would it would end the struggles and it would give us an absolute that we wouldn't have to be ashamed and we wouldn't have to worry about it. And I believe that it's a great fulfillment of the prophecy of David in Psalms 37 when he said that in the time of famine, we shall be satisfied. Amen. I'll tell you, I I I think that would go on our refrigerators. Well, in the time of famine, we shall be satisfied. I believe that a prophet was knowing that God had ordained his life. In Revelation chapter 4, referring to the great uh vision of the mountain of bread that was in the west, he says of this and he said, "I saw that great mountain of bread and I saw white robes coming from all over the earth to eat this bread, oh God." He said, "Let me never fail to feed the people on the bread of life." Amen. And that's my same prayer this morning that we never fail to feed, Amen. the children of this age, the bread of this age, the message of the hour. I love it in the unveiling. Brother Bannon will say this. He said that old badger skin denominations is tore down. He said, "We have broke through that into the shakana of glory and I see the word. I see the pillar of fire moving. I see the word manifest." He said, "What he said he would do in the last days, I see it growing. I see the children eating the shakana bread coming from the ripening of that word which believes it. Isn't that amazing? A prophet is is watching people taking his message and he says they're eating the shakana bread that is coming from the ripening of the word those which believe it in the spiritual food and season. He said, "Oh, what a joy it is to see children eating the bread that's been sent to them." You realize visions years ago right here in this tabernacle of the bread of life. There it is in spiritual food saying she's now eating that bread. Amen. He says, "Oh, the children eating the bread of God. May this child also enjoy faith, the bread of God that gives them now for their healing." I certainly believe that this message is the bread of God. I I believe this is the word that has proceeded out of the mouth of God. I believe it's the it's called in the Bible in Matthew 24 it's called meat in due season. Amen. It's sometime people say, "Well, why why y'all preach about the message all the time?" Because it's the meat in due season. It's the provision of the age we're living in. This is not a history lesson. Amen. This is a manifested word of the age that we're living in. And the and Jesus in his own words said, "My faithful and wise servant is him who the Lord would make ruler of his household to give them meat in due season. Blessed is a servant when him the Lord shall come and find him doing so." Let me just give you Jesus's words. Blessed is the man that'll preach this message to the congregations. Amen. that'll that'll be able to preach the message of his hour, knowing that the season has changed and knowing there must be a message for this season. According to 1 Thessalonians 4, there has been a change and and the change is a change for rapture. Amen. I don't believe we're just another church age or just another bride, but this is the season of rapture. And if it is a season for rapture, there must be a food for rapture. There's got to come a food that's not just for the crossing of the wilderness, but it's for the taking of the land. A food that will change your body in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye. Where you going to get a food like that? Where where in the denominations are you going to find a food that has lifegiving substance that has changing power that can that can resurrect you from dead formal traditions and and bring a fire of God in the lives of the children living mana that manifested itself daily. Oh, I say it would take a message from God. It would take a message from Melkazedc himself. It would take a a meeting with with you and I just like Abraham had on his journey home when Melazdc was the one that brought the bread and wine. And I believe the message of the hour is fulfilling God's way of bringing the church a provision on their way home of bread and wine. Bread of substance that will change not just a bread, amen, of denominations, but a bread of sincerity and a bread of truth. a keeping of the feast of sincerity and truth with God. We're not just eating. We're eating the bread of life that will change a man. That will transform a man. It'll change the way you think. It'll change the way you talk. It'll change the way you look. It'll change the way you believe. A bread for the season that we're living in. I believe it. I I don't believe this is just another season, but this is bride season. Amen. This is bride time. Let me give you another word. This is bride age. This is the manifestation of the word. It's the bride's message. That's right. In first Thessalonians 4, it is the shout of the voice of the archangel. And we become that voice. You know how you become the voice? You become what you eat. You speak what you eat. You what you studying and what you believe in. That's what you're going to talk. That's what you're going to say. And I believe, amen, that there has been a message from God, a shout, a living bread that brings forth the bride. The message brings forth the bride. You You see the necessity of eating that message? It brings forth the bride. Amen. It's the creation of a bride. The prophet said it. This is not just another designation of himself. This is the creation of the bride of heaven. And it took this word to create this bride. That's right. Amen. Of course, it is the changing of seasons. In Joshua the 5th chapter, you'll find when they crossed from the from the wilderness into the promised land. There it was. Amen. When they crossed in that they encamped at Gilgal and the Bible said, "And they kept the Passover on the 14th day of the month, even in the plains of Jericho." Amen. Now, you know the Passover was a harvest festival, right? Amen. And it was when they ate of the unleavened cakes and the parched corn on the land of the promise. Amen. It was then that the mana ceased on the tomorrow after they had eaten the corn of the land. So, so there was a season change. They had left the wilderness and they had moved into the promise. the mana, the physical things, they amen, the the what what what what would you could look at and talk about all those things begin to disappear, but they begin to get fruit and they begin to get corn out of the land, the very land that they had been promised for hundreds of years. They were now standing in. They weren't just there. They were now eating in that land. And so is it this bride, this church of the living God has crossed over from just a leisian message of Pentecostal ideas and they were transported into the promises of God where they could open the book and begin to feed and begin to eat upon the things of God. I'm so glad this morning to know that we can read the stories of had he right and we can feed on a message that would make us believe things that are impossible that would open the doors and and would transition us from being a defensive people who's just trying to keep what we got who's just trying to hold on to a little lie. but it would make us an offensive bride and would take the sword of the Lord and begin to possess the lands of promise that God had made us in this age. I'm so glad this morning we can pick up this word and we've got a strength that we can face every enemy. We can face every giant. We can walk down every wall. We can cross every river. I say we can take the land. I say if you eat this book, you'll say it with me. We can take the book. Hallelujah. But we ain't got to setting wish this morning and just hope maybe so. We can take this land. We have a right to this land. It is our land. It is our corn. It is our hopes. Hallelujah. Is our revival. That's right. My goodness. Feeding on these messages. Amen. To bring revival that you can shout before it happens. Glory. give you strength to you can rejoice before it takes place. Hallelujah. You can begin to worship like Mary did it. Be it unto me according to thy word and begin to tell people I'm going to bring forth a Messiah. And so can you begin to tell people what God's going to do in you. I believe it this morning. I believe amen that God has given strong meat to the church. strong meat of predestination and strong meat of adoption and strong meat of authority and bride's positions and and the idea and concept that we're not lost one day and saved one day, but rather we were a part of the mind of God from the foundations of the world. I certainly believe this morning that this message produces more than a bunch of weak hot plant uh hot house plant chickens and and little little ideas and and soft soap things. But I believe a mature wheat brings before a mature church. In Hebrews 5, it's Paul said, "For I have time." He says, "You ought to be teachers, but have one need to teach you again the first principles of the oracles of God and become have needing of milk and not of strong meat. For everyone that useth milk is unskillful in the word of righteousness, for he is a babe." Now, now watch what he said. But strong meat belongth to them that are of a full age. Amen. And even those who have reason of their senses exercised to discern both good and evil. Do you recognize Paul is saying there is coming, Amen, a mature age? There is coming a mature There is coming, you can't have a marriage without a mature girl. Come on, church. You can't have a marriage without a mature woman. This bride has matured to the place of marriage. And what has brought maturity? It is the meat of the age that we're living in. In Matthew chapter 24, watch the 27th verse. Jesus said, "As the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth unto the west, so also shall the coming of the son of man be. For wheresoever the carcass is, there the eagles will be gathered together. Where the carcass is." Now, they asked Brother Bham this question, "Brother Bham, what does this mean? Where's the carcass? There's the eagles." He says, "The carcass is what they're feeding on." He said, "That's the fresh mana. That's what they're feeding on." He said, "And the Eagles, of course, is prophetic." Amen. And you know, you're a prophetic people. Not just church, but you're a prophetic people. I I show it to you in the scripture. The spirit of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy. And the testimony of Jesus is the token of the age. The life that's in you is a prophetic life. Amen. You're not just another class of people. You're a prophetic class of people. Amen. Now, watch what he says. And brother Ben says, "But see the eagle's believers." See, what is the carcass they feed on? It's the word. Wherever the word is, the true nature of a bird will show itself. An eagle wants fresh meat. He must have fresh meat. Not a buzzard. He's an eagle. Now, now, Brother Brandham gives us an old he gives us a farm lesson right here. This gives you a good old natural lesson. If you watch the stage of the carcass, you can tell the kind of bird that's eaten because an eagle don't eat on the mana from yesterday. Eagles are not looking for old dead uh uh things that are rotten and stinking that was left over from another age. They don't have to because there's a fresh kill for the age they're living in. So there the the nature of an eagle is to get the fresh kill. It's to get something with struggle in it. I I don't know about you and I, but I like about you, but I like a little life. I I like to I like I like to feel what I what I'm dealing with in the spiritual senses. I like to get a revelation that makes me struggle a little bit. I mean, I like something that don't leave me right where I'm at. You know, I'm talking about stuff, Amen, that you can sit on the ground and eat. There there's sermons you can set on the ground and eat, but there's other sermons you're going to have to get up in the air and you're going to have to get in the spirit of the age and you're going to have to be able to fly quick like an eagle to catch the revelation of the age. This is not a bunch of hawk gathering this morning. This is not a chicken gathering this morning. This is an eagle gathering where the revelation of the word of God can be caught by an eagle. And when they catch it, the struggle comes in their life and and they struggle with the idea that I was a son before the world began. Oh, but they begin to feed on it. And the strength of those ideas, I say, struggle with it till you believe it. Struggle with it until you feel the blessing of it. Struggle with the message. Let the revelations come. Don't just set Don't just let something leave you where you are. You sit in your seat and say, "Yes, we believe. Yes. Yes. Amen. Let something come that brings a struggle to your existence. Makes you move in the power of God to catch the revelation of it. I know it's moving fast, but eagles can catch it. Eagles can catch it. Listen, if you're trying to even in this message, you better be in the message daily or you'll get left behind. The revelations in this message are breaking so fast. Amen. It breaks so fast. Amen. that you if you get to lolly gagging back there, you'll miss you'll miss areas. And I I could preach here a minute, but I I'll just say this. I I met a group one time in Norway that got caught up with a with a preacher, and I I hate I might as well just say his name. He's popular all over the world for doing it, but Junior Jackson took a different idea than Brother Brandham. Remember that he split Brother Brandham's uh church over gifts back in the 60s when brother Brandham said in order. He split the church, took part of them with him. Well, he that wasn't where he stopped, though. Remember, Brother Bram said, "Don't y'all feel bad at him now? He believes the message same as I did." And and and and those but the people that followed him, they all of a sudden, Brother Jackson had better ideas than Brother Brandham. And they started transpiring in those and he began to teach and I run into his teachings in different places all over the country. He's a good man, but he just had a different idea than Brother Brandham did. And then they build on it. And there was a group in Norway got caught up in that. And years later I went over there, me and brother Ron Peterson, actually we was preaching some conventions over there. And the brother in there, he came up to me afterward. He said, "I'm upset, brother Wayne." He said, "We have missed 20 years of the revelations that has progressed in this message because we got stopped and way laid on the sidelines with somebody saying they had a better idea." Amen. And there has been people in the message, they get caught in little church fights or they get caught in little arguments and doctrines. Amen. And they're studying to argue one with another. But Amen. We're not studying to argue. We're studying to eat that we can feed on the word of God that we can keep growing and growing and growing. We don't we don't want to get 10 years down the road and realize we've missed the great revelations of God. But I believe we are to live on the edge of the revelations that God is revealing in the age. And one of these mornings, it's going to become a reality. The rapture is a revelation. And we're stepping revelation by revelation into the word of God. And it's changing us. Hallelujah. It's already started on you. That's right. It's already started changing. It's already began to change. And you can tell the kind of bird by the carcass it feeds on. That's right. That's right. You see an old carcass that's a that that that's a it's another age behind you and you see people feeding on that. It ain't an eagle. That's right. Come on. Cuz eagles are get up off of that thing. And fly on to where there's living mana. Hallelujah. I'm not a buzzard. You're an eagle. You can't give no denominational stuff to him. He's got eagle's food. The freshest meat, not what Moses done or Knox or Finny or somebody else. The meat that's killed for this day. The part of Christ that died to make his word confirmed. That's what they're going to eat on. The fresh kill. They like they like the fresh kill of the word of God. Amen. The revelations of it that come and bring. Now that carcass is, Amen. That's where the eagles are gathered together. Brother Bam says it in seed, not air, but the shock. He promised us a full square meal, the full seven course menu of all of the seven seals to be opened and everything is ready for the word of God. Some people still waiting for the last course. You know, they just got six courses of it and they can't really believe that seventh one's coming. But let me tell you this. Amen. That prophet set the table before he left. Amen. That prophet set this bride's table before he left because God wouldn't allow somebody else to preach this seventh seal and the prophet ain't coming back to preach it. So he preached it before he left. Left it on the table and said, "Come on and feed bride. The full course has been served." Listen, if you ain't eating the seventh course, it's just cuz you don't know it's on the table. Oh, but it's all on the table this morning. If it's the word of God, this is the climax age. This is the age that when you recognize this message, this word is eagle's food. That's when you've heard from your theophony. Well, these people don't even believe we have theophony. But but the prophet said, when you've recognized this message is eagle food, you heard from your theophony. [Applause] Well, glory to God. I ain't hearing from somebody else's. I heard from my own. Cuz I'm identified in this message. Hallelujah. If I was the only one, I believe he would still do it. That's right. I believe he has set the whole meal up. Just for me. Amen. Hallelujah. Do you see many of you that follow the message, we've been accused, and you know, uh, unrightfully so, we have been accused of following a man. Now I will say for the sake of the critic they are right in some sense there are groups that do follow brother Brandham and they worship brother Brandham and they look for his return just like I do for Jesus's return and they they they every bit of the deity of Christ they have placed in him for worship and ideas. I I I get that. But but that ain't got nothing to do with Christianity. That's right. Come on church. That's what somebody did with the right thing. Right. It has nothing to do with the right thing. Just cuz somebody cooks a well done steak don't mean all steaks are well done. [Applause] You can run it for yourself, but it's still a good steak. Amen. See, you're not feeding on the man. You You listen to Brother Bram's words. It wasn't me, the seventh angel. It was a manifestation of the son of man. That's right. See, the son of man is Christ. He is the one you're feeding on. You're not feeding on a man. His his words will fail. You're feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. Amen. Do you see? This is the spiritual food of the seven seals was promised to be open. Do you see? It's the food of the age. I love how Brother Bram says this one. This has become a new book. Since the opening of these seals, this has become a new book. And the things that's been hid has been revealed as God promised in Revelations 10 that he would do it. And we are privileged people that God has chosen this earth that we might understand these things which is not some mythical fleshly mind of a person trying to make it up. It's the word of God manifested, proven that it's right. I love how he says it in rising the sun. The quickening power has come to open seven seals. What was that? The intelligence of a man. No, the quickening power of God. What are you feeding on? Quickening power. Quickening power that raised you from denomination and made you bride. Things that could quicken you, Amen, from your former life. transform you to be the very queen of heaven. You think about a food that you could eat that could move you from being church to being bride. Hallelujah. I say, "Give me of this food. Take give me of this food and let me eat." Amen. That my that I'm that I might be changed. That I might be transformed. that I might be moved from one place to another to be taken out of the power of darkness and be put into the transferring, amen, of the very kingdom of God. Now, real children of God are hungering and thirsting. You know why? Because there's something in you telling you you need something. And brother Brandham says it very clearly. He tells you why you hunger and thirst for this message. And he t it and actually explains it by a little boy. You It's pretty good. But he talks that about that little boy. He says he went and and eat on the bicycle pedals. How many ever heard, brother tell that story? Went and eat on the bicycle pedals. He said, "And they took it to the doctor to find out why." He said the reason was the sulfur was in that bicycle pedal. Amen. And and the boy had not had enough sulfur in his birth. So he went to the bicycle pedal to get what he lacked. Amen. That that bicycle pedal that sulfur that was in there came out of the same ground. But it was in a different form. So he bypassed it and then in another form was getting it just like you and I bypassed our theophony and was born into this age. But we come from the lamb's book of life. And now we circle back to feed on this message because it's our inner being knowing that we can go back to where we come from through this message. That's right. See, God is redeeming you. Thank you, Jesus. Isn't he redeeming you? Then you started out as something and bypassed it. Now you're going back to something. You're not going back to angels. You never were angels. You're not going back to servants. You never were servants. But you're going back to bride because you always was bride. That's why you couldn't stay in that denomination. That's why you couldn't stay in that bad. That's why you couldn't stay on the bar stool. That's why you couldn't stay in that false doctrine around this message. But something brought you out of it because you know I was never put here to be just another member. I am a part of the bride that came out of the mind of God and I'm going back. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Clear me some room this morning. I'm going back. Give me room to go back. Go back where I started. Go back in the presence of God. Going back into the very teachings of his word. You got to go back. Anything constricting you from this message is taking you from your destiny. I feel a call of God to go back. It's the call of the eagle. It's the expectation of a mother. You know, brother Bam talks about it things that are to be and said you a woman wakes up and she's middle of the night she's got a it's not the usual hunger that makes you know something's wrong. Yeah. It's the unusual hunger. Amen. It's when she says not when she wants pickles. She might eat pickles all the time. And it's not when she says she eats ice cream because she may like ice cream. But when she says she wants pickles and mustard and ice cream all at the same time, something's up. Amen. And the prophet of God said, "What's what's going on? There's another life in there and that life is hungering." But it can only get fed through that mother. He said, "So since a father wants a perfect child, he goes to the store and gets the provision needed to have a perfect child. and you sitting here this morning. Amen. Come into the church. Maybe there's a hunger in you, but it's not just for the usual line, y'all. Y'all, I don't want to get like we're in unusual, but brother Brandham says it when God does great miracles, he said if that man stays in the same line, he said it didn't come from God. He said cuz God only sends those things when he's going to do the unusual and he's going to change things. Amen. And he was showing you his message was bringing about a change in the diet, the food that we were eating. Amen. Because there was a body change coming on. There had to be a message to bring the the meaning of that. Y'all y'all know brother Brandham said God would call a man to preach a sermon because of the need of the congregation. You know that he said your your need would cause a man to come to the platform and say things a certain way. I know some of you don't amen real loud and I'd be all right. That's okay with me honestly because you know what? That baby, that thing forming in you is getting nutrients whether you're saying anything or not. And sometimes when you're really eating, you got a mouthful and you can't say a lot, but you're getting a lot. And I just pray this morning that you eat what I'm talking about. That is food to your soul and it's developing something on the inside. I'm stronger today than I was yesterday. And I'm going to eat today and I'll be stronger in the morning than I was the day before. This is not a Pentecostal revival. This is a growing stronger until we leave this earth in the presence of God. Ain't how I feel. Ain't what I think. It's what the word of God has laid out for the generation. The word, the word said we're going to go higher. Hallelujah. Be it unto me according to thy word. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. And blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness. They shall glory. Glory. They shall be filled. Amen. You know what the word righteousness actually breaks down in the Greek to mean? It means the doctrine concerning the way in which a man to attend a state approved of God. It means integrity, virtue, purity of life, rightness, correctness of thinking, feeling and acting. If you have a hunger to think, to feel, and to act right, God's got a food for you. Amen. If you want to think bride, you want to walk like a bride, you want to talk like a bride, there's a message for you. Come on. Amen. If that's not your goal, any old church will do. Any old doctrine will do. But if you want to walk bride, talk bride, think bride, be bride, you will have to have a bride's message. Yes, sir. That's right. Come on, church. Amen. Now, I'll take you real fast to Genesis 18. And remember when Genesis 18 that Abraham was met by Elohim that came to his tent. Remember what he did? He read the heart and he says, "Thou shalt be with a child." And then he said, "Why did Sarah laugh?" And Abraham said, "Sarah laughed." And he said, "Yeah." He said, "Where's Sarah?" He said, "Well, she's in the tent behind you." And the Bible lets us know that she didn't laugh out loud. Brother Bram said she laughed up her sleeve. Yeah. He says, "But that angel could tell you what was in her heart." That same angel. Now, in Genesis 18, in the first few verses, if you continue down just a little bit more, the Bible says in the 17th verse, he says that same angel said to Abraham, "Shall I hide from Abraham the thing which I do? Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him. For I know him that he will command his children and his household after him, that they will keep the way of the Lord to do justice and judgment, that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which was spoken of him. Brother Brandon puts it up in Hebrews chapter 1. He said, "Can I keep it from Abraham, seeing he's the heir of the earth, seeing that he's heir, can I keep it from him?" That's where the church ought to be today. That's right. Get the secrets of God. Know how to hold yourself, how to act, what to do, how to walk, how to live. We're the heirs of the earth. Amen. Listen, this is preparation time. This is when the character of the church gets to a place to rule in the millennium that is coming. Amen. Look what it is. If you're going to be a ruling class, you're going to have to have a ruling tutor. You're going to have to have somebody that knows the laws of the kingdom of how to approach and how to walk and how to talk, what to say, what to do. Now, watch what Brother Bam's telling us. He made his secrets known to them. Revealed it to them, showing them what to do and how to live. How to forsake the things of the world. How to live godly in living godly in a present world and walking with him. The same one that was at the tent of Abraham teaching them what was coming and how to conduct themselves in that time is the same one that's coming to this age. Amen. And show the same sign that you and I would know his message was for the same purpose to teach us how to talk, how to walk. Now, now I could get real deep in it. I'm not going to. And I to you that like to study, I'll give you direction on this. But Moses told them how to put up their tents, how to cook their bread, how to build their fires, how to move, how to pack. He told them all what they're going to do and how they were going to do it. If you ever read about all those things, Moses done every bit of that for them people. And so has this message instructed this bride how to walk before God, brother. Amen. It's a transformation. It's a transferring. It's a It's a Can I say the message of the hour, it's the setting of a pattern over a people. When you read in Matthew 25 and you read of the 10 virgins, and you find, Brother Bram said, of course, the Bible's telling us five are wise and five are foolish. He says, "Now notice this. They're all virgins." Meaning they're all the same material. Yeah. How many in here sews? I know we got a we got a few of them. Even some of the kids sew and you get you a big bolt of material and it's all the same material. All the virgins are the same material. But brother said, but the difference in them is he lays a pattern over the material and that that falls within the pattern is known to us as wise virgins. Come on, church. Just as Moses was given the pattern on the mountain for the tabernacle in the wilderness, so did William Brandom have a tent vision, he has a tabernacle vision and built a pattern to lay over this bride. Amen. That those that fall within this message and the pattern of it fall within that wise virgin. Listen, you got to be for ordained to believe this or you won't. God has to fordain you to believe it because there's enough critics to talk you out of it. There's enough doubters right now. If you want to feed in the garbage can, go ahead and feed in the garbage can. I don't believe a thing they say. Whether you like Donald Trump or not is not the point. But don't go to CNN to get your opinion on him. It is so one-sided. Come on. They take everything and twist it a certain way. And so has critics and unbelievers done the same thing with this message. If you want to understand the message of William Brandham, go to the Bible and find out what the Bible says. What does God's word say about it? I ain't got time for critics and opinions and ideas of man. Come on church. It's the food of the bride. It is how we are going to come into our amen succession of truth. Amen. This happens by election and God. Amen. Now, now we're feeding. Bride's feast is a feeding on the mind of God. And I'll tell you this, without hesitation, God had you in his mind before the world began. Now, let me say it a little deeper than this. He had a picture of you. And brother Brandham said, "It wasn't taken of your bad times. It was in your perfection that he took it. And in the mind of God, there is a picture of perfection. Do you know? Amen. That's what Job the 38th chapter is about. Where were you when the sons of God were shouting for joy? Brother B said, "There they were sons shouting because they had been redeemed." That's what they were shouting about was redemption. Sons redeemed. Now you say, "Preacher, what are you really getting at?" I'll say this that God has a picture of you in your perfection that Satan can't touch. Have you ever had somebody talk bad about you and then you hear what they said about you and then you think, "I'm not the person they're talking about." Because they're painting a picture of you that doesn't resemble the real you. They take one action and make it a motive. I just love how people do that. I love this is this is a just this is free point but but I love how people do this. They judge your action and give you a motive when they want you to judge their actions and know their motive. So they they can do something but they say well I didn't mean nothing by it. But you do something and you definitely meant something by it. Right? Yeah. Yeah. But if you would judge one another the way you judge yourself, you'd understand not everybody does everything with a bad molding. They might not even been thinking when they walked by you and didn't shake your hand. They might have had something else on their mind and they're just walking out the building and you got it in your mind. Well, they got this happening and they Well, come on, pastor. Preach a little while. Amen. You see what it is? God, Amen. is showing you that the picture people get of you is not really you. I remember years ago I was intimidated. I was young. I was from the hills and didn't have a a a big education. I didn't know much about table manners or social and and it's just I mean I done good in the hills, but they took me out of the hills and set me set me at tables with with with with wealthy people and social people and good raised people and they knew all the rules and all. I didn't know all that. So I I to me in my in my little raisin mind I was the least person in the room, the least person at the table. I was the poorest, the most unlearned. So I usually sat quiet and I was just quiet. And one day, amen, I was talking to a group of people and this one girl, bless her heart, she finally helped me out. She said, "Brother Wayne," she said, "Think of it is," she said, "People kind of think you're stuck up." And I said, "Stuck up?" Said, "Yeah, you think you're better than somebody." And I was sitting there laughing because I was being quiet. They were assigning to the quietness that I thought I was bettering somebody when actually the quietness really was I didn't feel like I had no right to talk among people. And then immediately I realized that people do all the time assign motives and ideas. Amen. So what I figured out is I'm just going to be what God made me to be and forget it. Amen. Just live for God. Amen. Forget all of what who thinks and what. Forget all of that. Just live for the Lord. He has a picture of you. I don't have to explain to the whole world I'm a Christian or I'm a believer. But brother, there's something on the inside of me that takes me back to that picture that God had of me. And when I hear this message, I say, "Yes, that's the me. That's really me. That's who I am in my heart. That's who I really am. Say, "Who is Wayne Lawson?" Get to reading this message and you'll find my identity. You'll know how I think and how I feel and what I do. Somebody said, "What do you think about such and such and such?" I said, "Well, I'll tell you what. Look up what brother Brandham said, and that's exactly what I think." See, this was taken before the foundation of the world. That's what it was. It was taken before the world began. Now, had you come through a word birth, you wouldn't need to feed on the message, you would just have come as the message has already said. See, you could have bypassed this whole stage, but that wasn't how God did it. Now, I'm certain that if God did this, he puts it in he puts it in his Bible. I and and when you start studying scripture, it's powerful thing because because uh developing I got to study him one time on this on this dark room. How many photographers we got in here? I remember years ago, brother Vernon, he was in photography. Brother Joe's in photography back there. Everybody's photographers now, right? Used to be probably was a decent living in it. Now everybody got a digital camera can almost do what somebody Well, it ain't the same, but we think it is. you know, made professionals out of everybody, you know, but years ago they took pictures and had to take the negatives and develop them in the in the dark room and all that. So to be a photographer, you had to be pretty serious, but in that dark room was the development, but in the message, see, we're not being developed in a dark room. I know death shall develop some, but that tent, there was a light over that room. And it wasn't a dark room. It was a light room and people can pass through it for development. Wow. Do you see the message is designed to develop you from this negative back to what God had of you to begin with. That's why I need the message is for development. Character development. Come on. Bringing me back to be what God had me to be to begin with. Wow. Amen. And am I always what I should be? Heavens no. But I tell you this, I certainly ain't what I was. [Music] And it's a developing. See, had you had you been birthed? Now, there's a there's a great story in the Bible. I won't preach the whole book because I don't have time this morning. But I but I find it rather interesting when you read the book of Esther. How many read the book of Esther? It's a great book. And some of you probably sold films on it and things. It's a great book. But the thing about Esther that I love so much is that Esther was not born in a king's palace. Right? She was birthed as an orphan and was raised by her uncle Mori. Amen. In other words, she didn't have any raising that would make a queen out of her. But there become an availability for a queen when somebody else refused to. Yeah. Isn't that something? When Vastie said she wouldn't go in the presence of the king, brother Bam said it's much like they won't today. He said they denied the Lord with the fament of the spiritual uh uh the spiritual sexual affair with her Lord and they won't go into the message. He said, so what happened was he says because of their refusal, they were put away. And he said he began to seek someone to fill her place. Amen. And that's exactly how the Bible said, "Go in the highways and the byways and compel them to come." That's the part we come out of. Amen. He went he he he went outside the royal palace. Amen. And begin to look for things. And I I'll give you a short synopsis of this that there was about 120 different countries that that this man was king over. So they pulled virgins from 120 nations. Now, if you don't think there wasn't some ideas coming in that palace, can you imagine 120 different ways? Amen. I don't know how many girls from each kingdom, but 120 different ways from every kingdom was coming into that palace. Amen. So, there was at least 120 different ways to do your hair, 120 different ways to wear your shoes, 120 different ways, paint, no paint. Was it Amen. Hair up, hair down? Amen. You you you see there's there's so many opinions when they came, but the king himself had something in mind. See, it wasn't the people that was coming. It wasn't what they thought. It was the king that was doing the calling. That's what he thought. And as he began to think, look what he did to to be able to filter it out. I, brother Dallas, I love the Bible, how God does things to filter it out. He just put one man over it, right? Because when you got more than one man, you got a lot more opinions. Amen. So what the king did is he took a man, I think his name is Hagi, and he took the man aside and he shared with that man the secrets of his mind. You know, like he shared what I'd like out of a girl. I'd like her to wear my goodness. you know, maybe she'd have a white gown and I I I don't like them old big high heels and things and and you you put paint on a barn, not on a woman. So, I don't like a lot of paint on it. And you know, if if you paint her up good and I look at her, she'll wake up in the morning, she won't be the same person. So, I I don't want to be fooled. I I want to know what I'm buying. Well, let's go back to the Bible now. So he shares his secrets. Only he knows. Only the king knows the girl he's dreamed about. Only he knows the one that is the very apple of his eye. The one that not the one he had, the one he dreams of. Right? And watch what he does. He transfers this information into this man. And all these girls have to come through this one William Brham. Right. Come on. If you don't if you don't like the message, you you go to the Lord how you want to. But there's only one man got the job to tell us what the bride's going to look like. There was only one man with a vision beyond the curtain. One man with a vision of that bride in her procession. And look what happens. He goes into all of them and and you know what he does is he tells them that they can have and the royalty the king the ability that he has to give to them. He tells them they can take anything they want in with them. You can dress however you want. I'll give you gold or pearls or I I'll supply. See the king could supply them whatever they needed and they could get it right out of the message. You know they they could take it right out of the message. You know two and polygamy and they they could take it right out of the me they could take whatever they wanted but they could take it right out of the message. You know, seven thunders is virtues. You know, they they just get it right there. You know, they brother Ram's coming back and Joseph a prophet. We just started to play tapes. You can you can take all that really and you can find a little spot in the message and you can dress yourself up in that and you can to go into the king to it. But the Bible says they had one night with him and if he didn't choose them, they become concubines. But there was only one woman going to be that bride. But this little queen, Hadesa, actually changed her name to Esther, meaning star. She came to that man and she said to him, "I'll only go in with whatever you provide." Oh, that's the ticket. That's the ticket. I'll only wear what you say to wear. I'll only take in the way you dress me. How many knows, Brother Bam said, "If I could get her to stand still, if I could get her to quit getting her own ideas, I would dress her." My goodness, to have a prophet that has ascended into the mind of God to come back and to tell you, "Stand still. I'll get you ready. I'll get you ready for that meeting." And you know this, if a God's prophet gets you ready, brother, you will not be denied. How we could sing that song this morning. I will not be denied. How could he deny his own thought? How could he deny his own thinking? I let me to try to explain. I I'll say it like to you like this. Brother Brandman in his second pull. Amen. He he just never missed. Brother man, I love the second pull. I go back and listen to lots and lots and lots of the prayer lines and I draw from them and and I hear brother Brandham and the thing I love about it is even his critics will say he never missed one time. So if you was sitting in William Brandham's meetings and I know you're not thinking about it, but let's just say brother Ben, Brother Brandham talked about you. I'm not trying to discern you. And he's talked to you and he said, "Look here." He said, "You know, you're thinking about a white Ford and you want a new truck and and it's going to be so much and and and this whole room would know what was on your mind." Nobody in here would guess if Brother Brandham was telling us what he's thinking. They'd just walk away going, "We know what Ben's got on his mind." because it wouldn't be brother Brandham guessing your thought. He's repeating your own thought. Right? That's the second pull. But the third pull was a discerning of the heart of God. So when he said God thinks this and God thinks this, it wasn't what brother Brandham thought he was thinking. It was a discerning and a revealing of his true thought. Amen. So if you put on the thought of God, how could God reject his very thought? My goodness. Amen. What was going on? Was Esther not being born in a royal house. She's being prepared for a royal house. And you wasn't born in your theophony. But you're prepared to return. Amen. In the presence of God as the bride of Christ. Now, now get it. I I I believe the the reality here is really laying in the idea that this man was given the privilege that Esther rejected all of her own abilities. And she says, "I don't even have a thought coming. I'll take whatever you say is right." Amen. And by having that kind of attitude and spirit, she became the product of the very mind of this king. That's right. Dressed. Yeah. He's never seen her yet, but she's wearing his thoughts. He's never seen her, but she's literally his thoughts in flesh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can you imagine when this uh this porter, this uh this prophet would introduce these women to this great king? Can you imagine? He he he opens the door, says, "Here, king. This is Miss Methodist." And she walks in. My goodness, the eyeliner and the hair dyes and the high heels and the And he looks up and says, "That don't look nothing." Yeah. Still carrying trinitarian baptisms, pagan ideas, just swarmed and robed in that don't even look close. Then here she comes. He opens up the door to Miss Pentecost. You know, man, she she's right there. She real close now. She watched a lot. She was pretty close to the right one. Yeah. Wow. But you know what? She still held some doctrines. She still kept some of her ideas and she was she was wearing them. Do you I'll just Well, I'm just going to preach. Let me just let me just turn my back here. But do you know brother Brandham said there was a woman in a dream came I think it was to his mother said she was wearing them high heel shoes and said she told brother Brandham she could do what she wanted to. And brother Bam said, "I I seen I believe he said I seen her walking up three steps and she made all three steps in them high heels." He said, "But when she headed out across that razor edge of the word, there she fell off." Do you see that? You can come up them three steps even to the baptism. Yeah. But when it comes to walking that word, when it comes to living that word, that's where Eve fell off. But this bride will not fail there. Why won't she fall? Because she is the word. The prophet has created this. I am not ashamed of the message of William Brandham. It is what created my thinking. It's what created my ideas and my decisions. [Music] You may not appreciate it now, but you appreciate in his presence. And I remember I I imagine when he opens that door and and he says to Esther, "Come on in. I want you to meet the king." When she walked in, that king, he wiped his eyes, his little hearts pounding, and he can't figure out, is this woman real? Wow. Is she really for real? Is she real or is she fake? She's been in his mind so long for 6,000 years. She's been trapped in the mind. But after all of these ages, after all this time now, that what's in the mind of God has been poured into the flesh of the bride. Now, you said, "Brother Wayne, what's the bride look like? What's what what's really been on the mind of God for 6,000 years? You want me to give you a shock treatment just for a moment? Put your seat belt out on now. Take a look around this building this morning. Glory to God. Hey, you may not be impressed, but God is. You may not think she's finished, but God does. Amen. God has brought this bride to the place that the third pool has been set over her, and she is called the bride of Jesus Christ. You may not be impressed with one another, but angels are standing back looking saying, "That's the queen of heaven come walking you." Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I got a quote on it. By the way, Brother Bram said, "The very hinder parts of God's mind has now been unfolded into the flesh of this bride." Glory be to God. What is it? It's God himself becoming tangible. His mind has become tangible upon this church. Now, now it's amazing to me because what what we're really dealing with is the bride's feast and how she has learned and been taught to step into that bride authority that has been given to her. The same as Esther went through a training ground to come into her royalty once she become queen. Amen. Once she was accepted, she was crowned. She was crowned. Her spirit was crowned with headship and she was given royal apparel and she was seated as the queen of that country. You know the problem with Esther? She didn't know who she was even in that time. She still had not realized the amount of authority and the strength she had in the kingdom she was existing in. So God allowed him to have a God allowed her to have a have a enemy called Hmon, which was which was a longtime enemy. But but the beauty is that God had had hid in that little Esther, that Jew seed, but hadn't revealed yet who she was. Yeah. And Hmon decided he would kill every Jew, every Jew in the nation. I'll just kill them all. Now, here's the here's the reality to it. I imagine he went home one day and his wife said to him, "I'll tell you this. You better hope. You better hope that that Morai guy you're mad at ain't the same seed of that Abraham race because there's things that have been done with them people for years that you can't overcome them. And when you realize that the queen seed and the bride seed is the same seed. It doesn't matter how many enemies come to destroy her. She will never be destroyed. Now, it's a it's an amazing story and we don't have time for the whole story today, but because of where she was placed and under the authority that she was, Hmon actually got some laws passed that the Jewish race was going to be killed on a certain day. Yeah. And Moriah got a message to Esther and he said to her, said, "Listen now, you're going to have to speak now." Yeah. Yeah, you're going to have to open your voice now. God has done all of this to get you to this position. But you can't be quiet since you're here, right? God's done all of this to position the church. But once you get there, it's not a time to be silent. Your voice is the voice of mercy to the age you're living in. And remember, she said, "The king ain't even asked me to come in in 30 days. And if I try to go in uninvited, that I'm going to die." And remember what Mori told her. Yeah. He said, "You're not safe even in the king's house." He said, "God will deliver these Jews somehow." But how do you know it's not for such a time that you've been raised up? For such a time like this that you have been raised up. Have you ever thought that God raised you for such a time like this one? For such a time that God knew he was putting you in a position for such a time as when it needed your voice when you needed to speak up when things needed to amen to have a strength. Amen. It was such a time like this one is the reason that God has put you. This is not a time to buckle to pressure. This is not a time to lay down your convictions and and just forget what the me but God put you here for a time like this one because he has prepared you and positioned you and he knows who you are and what you're here to do. Listen, I I think it's an amazing story when you get to looking at it. Brother Bam said it like this. He said, "See what it was." Amen. as she had to go into the presence of that king. Now, she's been in his presence one time, but since the last time she's been there, something has convinced her that she's afraid to go back again. And I I just love this uh I just love this portion to think that she is pressed to go into his presence because only in his presence is life. It's the only way she's going to be able to help her people. Now, see, there are times and there are seasons that you can sit. Yeah. There there are times that you can just sit by. It's it's okay. There's times you can do that. Yeah. But there are other times to sit is to die. That's right. There are other times to stay quiet. Yeah. Is to perish. Listen, I I I was looking I was looking at this and Brother Brandham, if you ever if you ever really enjoy studying phrases, you study this phrase of Brother Brandham. And brother Bram says these words, "If I was in your place." So, it's a direct it's a direct uh uh uh advice of a prophet. if I was in your place. And he's talking to a lady who's dying on a cot and he said, "If I was in your place, if I was in your place, I would get up off of that cot this morning." Amen. He tells a man who has cancer in his body, he said, "Do you believe me to be God's prophet?" The man said, "I do." He said, "Believing that if I was you," he said, "I would get up off of that cot and take it home and testify that I'm healed. If you lay there, you're going to die. You see, there's times when you got to get gumption about you. If you lay down, you're going to die. If you lay down and you say, "This is more than I can take and I can't overcome and this this pressure in this season, and I just can't." You're going to die there. Get up. If I was you, I would get up and say, "God is my victory. God is my healer." You can get up from that place. You say, "Preacher, what are you talking about?" Brother uses this phrase, "If I was you." And he says, "If I was you, I would be like them lepers that was in Samaria." Y'all remember down in Samaria when when the Syrian army besieged them. And the Bible said there was such a famine. I'm still on my subject. There was such a famine in that day that for 80 shekels of silver, you could buy the head of a donkey. And for I think it was four shekels of silver, you could buy some dove dung. Amen. An unclean animal. They weren't eating the hams no more. They weren't eating the tenderloins no more. They wasn't only eating unclean things. They were eating the head of unclean things. They were to dove dung because there was a great famine in the land. I tell you one worse than this one. Amen. There was a woman cried out to the king and said, "Oh king, hear me." He said, "What's the matter?" She said, "Listen, there's a matter between me and my my sister. We agreed that we would eat one another's babies. We boiled my baby yesterday and ate it and today we're supposed to eat hers and she's running off. And that's just a a synopsis of the story. It's a kind of a paraphrasing, but they were eating one another's children. The famine was so bad they were devouring their own people. But there happened to be a prophet in the land. Hallelujah. And brother Ram said, Elisha, Bible records, Elisha was over there and he was setting the king come running in. The king said, "Hold yourself now." He said, "By this time tomorrow." And he began to prophesy that would be bread of plenty. There would be corn of plenty. And he began to say, I think for like a just a few sheles, you'll have plenty of corn, plenty of bread. And he starts he starts giving these great numerous abundance ideas by this time tomorrow. And the people in the room could not understand how could we go from this kind of famine to this kind of abundance. How could this happen? Famine to abundance. But that was four lepers sitting at the gate that was sitting there in the middle of the night. And the Syrian army was out there and they begin to say to themselves, "Why did we sit here till we die? Why sit here? Amen. Sure, we're going to starve here. Amen. We might die there, but at least we got a chance." So in the middle of the night, they rose up and begin to go out to the enemy's camp to take something to get some food that they would be able to eat. But lo, in the middle of the night, God took his angels and begin to rustle it. And the Syrian army, an entire army, run off and left their food and their corn and their flour. Amen. And these lepers had nothing. But because they didn't set still, they went from nothing to an abundance. They couldn't have eat all that food in years. Oh, let me tell you, this leper, this sin sick man got up one day and I said, "I don't know about this message, but I know I'm going to die in the shape I'm in." And I went into the presence of God. And I found that I went from famine of denomination. I went from the famine of sin into the abundance of the opening of seven seals where we're feeding this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why sit here till we die? Why sit there and say the seals ain't open and the word ain't been revealed? Why sit there and let the fear come on you? Don't fear. This is the third pull. [Applause] So Esther, why sit till you die? You might die in his presence, but you'll surely die if you don't go. Brother, she ran into the presence of that king and there was one law that could save her. Yeah. There was one rule that could save her is if he extended his scepter to her. Yeah. He had a golden scepter and if he just extended it to her, the curse was off. The laws was overcome. He superseded everything with that extension of grace. Oh, brother. When she broke out in that room, she was taking a chance. She was taking a chance to walk in there. But that wasn't just a king on that throne. That was her husband. Hallelujah. That wasn't just a king. That's her husband. And let me tell you, he's not just Jesus this morning. He's our lover. He's our husband. He's everything to you and I this morning. Yes, we can run to his presence. Yes, we can go in there where he's standing and he extends a golden scepter. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I tell you what, brother Brandon said, he said, don't be like those four lepers sitting there. He said, I'd take off and run. He said, but they were taking a chance by going to the enemy's camp. He said, but there is no chance for you this morning. He said, "You're running to the presence of God where you've been invited to come." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Nathan, he took that golden scepter and said, "Come and take it. Come and take it." You know what that turned into? A feast. [Applause] A feast. And in that feast with the king and with the enemy, guess what happened? Yeah. Come on. Her identity is revealed in the presence of the king. Yeah. And the enemy is overcome in the presence of the king. And they can't change the laws. So they just put in a new law that supersedes the old law. Come on, church. Amen. Y'all know y'all know that gravity is a powerful law, but aerodynamics supersedes that law. And so is it that this bride, we know law is it's powerful. Legalism is powerful, but grace supersedes it. It super abounds it. Amen. The grace of God that brought this message to you and I. Oh, the grace of God that extended a golden scepter to you and I and said, "Come and take it. Come and take it." And when she took it, it was given to her. You own half of this kingdom. This scepter says I own half of this kingdom. Come on, church. This message, this book has opened up and gave me the title deed to the kingdom and I'm joint heir to every promise of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. I was sitting in my study this morning just going so going going over these feeding on the things of mind of God and wondering Lord should I even go this way? So I started studying it a little bit and and I preached on Estra and you that's heard me preach on forgive me but Jonathan I think I took the world with it 10 years ago and we went preached it in Pawne and preached it in Tulsa and preached it we preached it everywhere. Preached it in Canada. I I ain't preached on it in a few years so some of you new people it's brand new to you I hope. But something I never really got into was the feast of Purum. And this morning I was reading on that feast and and what what let me tell you what had happened. The feast the feast with the king became where there could be a law and the law that was given was a law that they could defend themselves. Yeah. Yeah. And there was there was a day before that they would the Jews would all be killed. He made a law that they could attack Yeah. the people who were going to kill them Yeah. and take their possessions. Yeah. Yeah. So they would possess their oppressors. Yes. Come on. Now it was supposed to be the Jews would be killed and all their possessions taken, but the word changed it and took the power from the attacker and gave it to the defender. And under that scepter, she became an offense rather than a defense. So now she could kill her enemy and take their possessions and it it went through the nation. It went through the the great regions of that Persian king of what had happened. And the Bible tells us that they they actually had a feast. Now y'all know that about the feast of Passover. It commemorates Exodus and the feast of tabernacles and the feast of the trumpets and the feast of the atonements. There's all those feast. But this feast of Purum was a joyous and a victorious where they just begin to get joyous and they begin to eat and they begin to say, "We victored over Hmon." And they begin to send out gifts one to the other. And they had two days of great celebration. It was so great that when it was finished, Esther told the king said, "Let the 10 sons of Hmon be brought out here and hung on the gallows in front of the people. And from this day forward, every year we will commemorate this time." And that's why it's called the feast of Purum Purr. The feast of Pum. And they actually even still to this day, they still celebrate this feast. And what they do Yes, sir. It's pretty powerful. I I read all about it on Google this morning. And what they do, what they do is they make diamond shaped or pyramid-shaped uh pastries and eat them pyramid-shaped pastries and give gifts one to the other like they did back then. But then they read the story of Esther and whenever the name of Hmon comes up. I don't know where Ronnie is this morning, but how many seen the video he brought back from Mexico of the brother swinging the little rack ratchet? It went and anybody ever saw them? They're like a little swing thing and it it it rattles when you swing it. Man, it's just an overwhelming noise. where they pass them out among the crowd and whenever the name Hmon is spoken, they spin those things real hard that it would drown out the sound of his name among the congregation. In other words, when his name come up, they'd shout so loud that you couldn't even hear his name because they didn't want his name mentioned anymore. And and then then they would take, and this is what's really cool, they would take chalk and they would write it on the bottom of their feet and and they would when the name Hmon was mentioned, they just start stomping their feet and they would do it until the name Hmon was no longer visible on the bottom of their shoes. Well, I tell you this morning, maybe some of you have got cancer and you need to ride it on them shoes this morning. Maybe some of you been fighting with nervousness and you want to ride it on your shoe this morning. I think you could just begin to stomp on that devil. Let me say this. We are not here, amen, to just defend ourselves. But we are here as sons and daughters of God to go to the devil's camp and get back the joy that has been taken. To get back the health that has been taken to get back the joy and the peace and the love and the forgiveness we don't have to sit still and take what the devil gives. We can go and offensively take this morning. Hallelujah. I believe this morning this is the feast of the bride. Hallelujah. Stand to your feet with me this morning. Hallelujah. I believe it. We ought to practice it once in a while. Just say the name Lucifer. Amen. And just drown his name out. Come on, brother. One of these days I'm going to stand there with my Lord. Amen. And we're going to take that devil and throw him in the lake of fire where he will never come again. That's right. Oh, what a holy convocation it's going to be. What a holy convocation it's going to be. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I say it. I believe this morning we don't have to just sit and take it. If I was in your place, the prophet said, I would not lay there any longer. That's right. If I was in your place and I had a baby that's lost out here in this world, I wouldn't just sit on. I'd open my voice and I'd say, "God, I claim them in the name of Jesus Christ. I wouldn't just sit still. If I had a child this morning under some under some false doctrine somewhere trapped in a church with a famine going on. Amen. I'd say this morning aloud, God, I'll not sit here. I'll call the name. I'll ask you bring deliverance to him, Lord. In your precious name, Savior, I believe it. Amen. Amen. I don't believe we have to just sit. The book's been open. Amen. Amen. It gave us our authority. Yes. Can you imagine the transition that happened in that kingdom when they saw the queen go from this person that didn't know who she was, didn't know why she was there, just sat quiet, never said nothing till the time she realized the things that I say, they carry the weight of the king into half of my kingdom. Hallelujah. And I say this morning, brother Aiden, if I have the weight of that kind of words in my lips, I pray every young person in this building receive the Holy Ghost. If I'm granted to half of the kingdom, I pray the Holy Ghost fire would fill this church. Until every heart loves one another, until joy would sing out, till peace would return to every heart. I say we I adure that old devil of nervousness. I adure that demon of depression. I I say in the name of Jesus to half of the kingdom. In the name of Jesus, I believe it. Amen. Glory to God. Glory. Glory to God. Oh my. Right now with our hands lifted up, let's just do it. Let's say, "Father, we're not sitting still any longer, Lord. There's needs, Lord. There's needs among your people right here this morning. There's sicknesses in bodies, Lord. I pray that, Lord, they not set still this morning, but I pray they walk out into their healing. I pray, Father, that the cancer that would try to rid a body, I pray that it be broken this morning. The complexes that would hold your children, I pray they walk out of them this morning, Lord. I pray the little oddnesses and the feelings that get on us so easily, I pray, the Lord that you'd break the powers of them. Father, I pray the fear of this message would leave hearts this morning. Father, they would approach it, Lord, in a way to know that it's the food that would transform them. Oh, we believe you this morning, Lord. We believe your word, Father. In Jesus name. In Jesus name. Brother Ben. Hallelujah. In Jesus name. [Music] I've been singing we have glory since I laid [Music] my burdens down. Glory. Glory. [Music] [Applause] I've been singing [Applause] since I left my burdens down. Well, glory, glory. I've been singing. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory, glory. I've been singing. I sing. Oh, since I lay my burdens down, I'm singing hallelujah. Oh, God is aable. Hallelu, my God is faithful. Hallelu, Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing. I'm singing. Hallelujah. My God is aable. Hallelujah. Yes. My God. Hallelu. Oh Lord, I'm going to sing. I feel better. I feel better. So much better. [Music] [Applause] Since I lay. Oh, since I lay. Amen. I feel better. So much better. [Music] Oh, since I lay my burdens down, I'm singing hallelujah. Yes, Lord. My God is aable. Hallelujah. My God, my God is able. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm going to sing hallelujah. Oh, God is faithful. Hallelujah. God is. Oh Lord, I'm going to singing
