################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-08 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘A Prophet Visits New Jerusalem' - (Thurs 5152025) - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-08
Title:    Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘A Prophet Visits New Jerusalem' - (Thurs 5/15/2025)
Speaker:  Wayne Lawson
Church:   True Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cw5pKj9cBUc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
The father has a plan. Though it's hard to see it now, you feel you're walking all alone. But he is there, no doubt. When the storm around you rages and you're tossed to and fro. When you're faced with life's decisions, not sure which way to go. Stand still and let God move. Standing still is hard to do. [Applause] When you feel you have reached the end, he'll make a way for you. Stand still and let God move. Let's stand tonight. When the enemy surrounds you and the walls are closing in, when the tide is lifted rising, and you wonder where he's been, friend, there never was a moment that his arms weren't reaching out. You can rest assured and be secure. God is moving right now. Stand still. Oh yes, Lord. Let God move. Standing still. Standing still [Music] is hard to do [Music] when you feel [Music] and let God move the Father. Oh, the Father has a plan. Yes, he does. Though it's hard to see it now. You feel you're walking all alone. But he is there. No doubt. When the storm around you ra ages and you're tossed to and fro. When you're faced with life decisions, not sure which way to go. Stand still. [Music] It's hard to do. Can you feel the way you stand? [Applause] [Music] Amen. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord tonight and to see his mercy. Amen. His grace that he has given us to be here tonight. Amen. God bless each of you that is able to be here. Amen. The house is full on a Thursday night. Amen. What a what a blessing. Amen. We uh certainly appreciated the the Lord for the service on Sunday and the baptisms and what a what an absolute wonderful atmosphere. Amen. And bringing forth in those baptisms and life and Amen. It's such a blessing. Amen. To see God move so powerfully among us and Amen. And we certainly look for that same Jesus to be here tonight. Amen. to take his word to make it alive through our hearts. Amen. And uh I just wonder tonight if we could just bow our hearts in a word of prayer. Amen. Let's just speak to the father. Lord Jesus, we are certainly thankful tonight that we could be in this place, Lord. Father, we are humbled at your presence of your grace that comes upon the meetings, Lord. And Father, we ask you that your grace would be here this evening to lead us. Lord, may you break us away from our own minds and our own feelings and thoughts, Lord. And may you lead us in the paths that lead to righteousness. And Lord, that you would bring life to your people. We pray here tonight that you would speak to their needs. May you heal their bodies, Lord, the special needs that have been read tonight. May you be merciful, Lord, as you move upon them. And we just ask you tonight that you would take the word, Lord, that you would open our hearts and that you would feed us, Father. Now, Lord, we're asking you for your mercy. And Lord, we invite you into this meeting. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. And God bless you tonight. And Amen. If you have your Bibles, we just like to go into the word of the Lord. And um I would like to read in the book of Joel uh the 2 chapter. And we're going to read the 23rd verse down to the 27th verse. Joel chapter 2 verse 23 through verse 27. We also have some reading in Galatians the 4th chapter the 20th verse. Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and rejoice in the Lord God, for he hath given you the former rain modestly, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month. And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the fat shall overflow with wine and oil. and I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten and the cankerworm and the caterpillar and the palmer worm, my great army which I sit among you. Now in in in the second seal, brother Brandham identifies that those four horse riders are just exactly like these bugs here that it's all the same bug. It's just a different stage. Now he says here they shall eat plenty and be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord your God that he hath dealt wondrously with you and my people shall never be ashamed. I I love that. My people shall never be ashamed. Do you all remember the book of Peter when it said that he would lay in Zion a stone and them that believe upon that stone shall not be ashamed? And the prophet said, "What does that mean?" He said it means they have an absolute. That's right. So they don't have to be ashamed. They have thus sayaith the Lord. They have an absolute. And they shall never be ashamed. And he shall know that I am in the midst of Israel and that I am the Lord your God and none else and my people shall never be ashamed. Let's look in Galatians the 4th chapter if we can. I'm going to read the 21st verse. Amen. Uh Galatians chapter 4 21. I'm going to read 10 verses down to verse 31. Tell me, ye that desire to be under the law, do you not hear the law? For it is written that Abraham had two sons, the one by a bond man made, and the other by a free woman. But he who was of the bond woman was born after the flesh, but he of the free woman was born by promise, which things are an allegory. For these are the two covenants, the one from Mount Si, which genderth unto bondage, which is Aar. And for this Aar is Mount Si in Arabia, and answerth to Jerusalem, which now is, and is in bondage with her children. But Jerusalem, which is above, is free, which is the mother of us all. For it is written, "Rejoice thou barren that beareest not. Break forth and cry, thou that travilest not, for the desolate hath many more children than she which hath a husband. Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise. But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him. Now you see it, they persecuted him. What's that red horse? It persecuted him that was born after the spirit. So it is now. Nevertheless, what saith the scripture, cast out the bond woman and her son? For the son of the bond woman shall not be heir with the son of the free woman. So then, brethren, we are not children of the bond woman, but of the free. Amen. May God bless his word as you can be seated tonight. I want to continue as if I can on this revelations contained under the seals. Amen. And I I was just speaking to you on Sunday uh dealing with motherhood. And uh I I I pray you uh was uh catching and I felt you were very much catching what I was talking about uh is that I introduced uh two mothers in the front of the sermon and then we discussed two mothers throughout the scripture being the mother of harlots and then the mother of Zion or the free Jerusalem having children. Amen. Brother Brandham actually tells us this. He says that in God perfecting his church, he says it like this. He said, "But see people, they didn't want to have a baby because they was deprived of something." He said, "But God commissioned women to bring forth children." God has commissioned women to bring forth children. Now, we're living in an age, of course, Amen. We we probably don't need to preach so strong here in this church, but uh we're living in an age where that's kind of a a thing nobody wants to do is have children, right? They They want to they want to get away from that. And this is the age actually uh uh uh uh even in what was abortions and birth control stuff like that was introduced and brother Brandham talks about it and he says it was for the sake of night life. You know that's why they do it is the uh the women want to run and do things in the world and they want to they want to act like the world and and they can't do it being weighted down with a baby at home, you know. So they just didn't want to have children. they didn't want to sacrifice their bodies and and so brother Bram is discussing this as the age that we're living in and kind of really identifies it at the time and then shows us see that they was commissioned to do it but they didn't want to do it. So this is a concept that is entirely brought from the women all the way to the church when he starts talking about the church didn't want to bring forth children because it was going to ruin the modern form that they had created. Now in in uh Jehovah Gyiver, brother B would say this. He said see Paul took him deep enough into Christ. He says and he was a living fire on down living in the presence. Now he didn't bring him to some intellectual move or some joiner or get some note signed or some pledge that they would come to church. Take him onto the baptism of the Holy Ghost and he'll be on fire and bring forth children. Now he's discussing, you know, he's discussing Billy Graham coming and telling people that he had 30,000 converts come back in a year and couldn't find one. And he blamed it on the preachers. And brother Graham said, "But I'd like to tell Mr. Graham that Paul went into a city, had one convert, and come back and had many converts." He said, "Because Paul took them somewhere where brother Graham wasn't taking them is he took them on unto the baptism of the Holy Ghost." post. Brother man said, "If you'll do that, then he'll be on fire and he'll bring forth children." Now, how can you do it when he's sterile? Hey, He can't have children unless he's got life himself. Amen. That's powerful, isn't it? He can't do it unless he's got life himself. And that's the only way anything can pro uh pro procreate itself is by the germ. And the germ is the Holy Spirit that was in Christ that's in the believer. Amen. So you can't bring forth life if you don't have life. Amen. It's got to come forth from the church. Now in the Pergamus age, brother Bam is telling us this is the sin that was happening in that age under the teaching of Balum is that the people were were committing fornications. And brother Bam says it. He says what was going on there is it was killing the people. Now we recognize in this age it's not so much physical death as it is spiritual death. And brother Bam says, "Now, as soon as you walk out and join a church, instead of receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you're dead." Now, I'm I'm going to let that soak in. He says, "Dead." You have a name. You have like Luther or the Sardis seat, but Sardis means dead. See, you have a name that you're alive, but you're dead. That's what God said. And when they had committed fornication, spiritual fornications, and they got the church married up from the baptism of the Holy Ghost to denomination, they become dead. There you are. That's what the Bible says. He's speaking of churches. When they took away from from preaching the baptism of the Holy Ghost to preaching my denomination or my organization, then they spiritually killed the people because denomination can't bring life. It cannot bring the life because it has no life to bring. Amen. When did denomination ever raise the dead? When has denomination ever healed the sick? When has denomination ever done anything? Brother Bam said its only type in the Bible is Babylon. Amen. Now, in seed not the shuck, he said neither can the church under its secretariism. He said it takes a virgin belief in the word of God to make a promise and to bring forth children. Now, secretarianism would never bring forth a reborn church. It cannot do it. See, it'll bring forth a substitutionary something, but it can't bring something. See, he says, see, it's something. It tries to be like it, but it can't bring it. He said, but that genuine bornagain church of God believes the word in the face of anything regardless of what it is because it's unadulterated. It's by the promise of God. See, it's been brought. See when when we look at this and see if a church see if it comes to the place that it refuses to be pregnantated with the word of God he said then how can it bring forth children of this age if it would deny to bring forth and you you we can say well we received the teaching but brother Bam is very clear amen that you can take a you can take a hen and let it lay eggs all day but unless the rooster goes into the hens amen there won't never be life it'll be a nest full of rotten eggs and And and we can teach the message and we can talk about the instruments and the word and but the Bible's already clear. The spirit giveth life. Amen. But the letter kleth. Amen. It causes death because we can organize and we can and we can dot all the tees and we can get it all. This is what we believe and this is how we're going to do it. See, but God chose to bring life by the baptism of the Holy Ghost quickening the word that was preached in its age. I I believe he says it like this. It brings forth, "And we are not Lutheran, and we are not Wesleyanss, and neither are we Pentecostals. Then we are children of this age through the pregnancy of the word of God to bring forth a child of this age, the sea child." Oh my, I like that. Don't you? They become children of the word. Not children of the church, not children of the world, but children of the word of God. Amen. That's exactly what we want to be. We want to be begotten by the word of God. That's what Peter said, the incorruptible word of God that we are brought forth from. Now, now, if if if God ever does anything in the church, it'll have to go back to that original word before it can ever do it. And and let me just say plainly what brother Bam says. If it don't bring forth children, bridechild, word children, then it's a denominational child. her first love. See the world in the denomination, she's gone back to that and it can't bring a real genuine born-again Christian because there's nothing to bring forth. Amen. Look at this. A prophet is teaching us. So why why are we not a denomination? Why do we not believe in organizations? Because they are sterile and have no power to bring forth life. Amen. that you you see the Bible tells us that we must we must it's not a suggestion but we must be born again and before that we can procreate there has to be a life on the inside of the church and I I know that life is the rejected part that's the embarrassing ashamed part of the world that we're living in but we are not ashamed and and we are not embarrassed by the power of the Holy Ghost that makes life now we can't depend on our intellectuals and you'll never get born of the spirit by intellectuals. Brother Brham said, "When did God ever choose the intellectuals to bring forth life?" He never did it. When did God ever choose the higherups and the high society and the education? He never did. God never did. Amen. But he took the fisherman and the uneducated and the unlearned. Amen. And brought forth his kingdom. Amen. Out of that which was, Amen. weak. He brought perfection. That's right. spoken word, original seed. Brother Bam says, "Amen." Amen. The world today, he said, "The church." She says, "Listen, she's married to another man." Now, she hasn't got Jesus. She's got the pope. No, we haven't. The Protestant hasn't got Jesus. It's got a denomination. Right? So, it can't give a word birth to her children. Right? Because she's a hearted herself. Now, look at what the prophet is teaching us. He's saying very clearly that to have life, Amen, there has got to be a lifegiver. There's got to be a lifegiver. There's got to be something that brings forth. Amen. I I'll say this when you're watching the invisible union. Brother Bam is trying to teach there the invisible union of the bride and groom. And he starts talking about children and he says, "Now they're bringing forth members all the time." He says, "See, but what is it? It you've got to see what kind of papa they have." He said, "The first Adam or the second Adam." He said, "Now, if the church brings forth a child of the second Adam, it's going to act like the second Adam's children acted." And you say, "How did they act?" They acted on the day of Pentecost. That's exactly how God's true children act when they're born. And they like they were on the day of Pentecost. Now, I know the world has changed out the baptism of the spirit for denominational joining. You know, Amen. just come and join the church or come and put yourself and become a member of the church. But listen, you can't join this church. You've got to be born into the church. Amen. There was never a day I become a lawson. There I I just got one day said, "Well, I want to be a Lawson." I was born to Lawson. Brother said he was born to Brandham. Amen. And the church of the living God, you can't just one day say, "Hey, I want to join the church and I'm going to become a Christian." Amen. You got to be born a Christian. You got to be born by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. There's got to be a new birth on the inside. You say, "Preacher, uh, why are you there?" Because we still have some that needs the birth of the spirit of God. Amen. It's one thing to say, "I believe the message." Amen. And the devil does, too. And he fears and trembles at the idea that God sent a prophet. I believe Jesus is the son of God. The devil believes it, too. But he ain't saved. But a saving is not a church joining. It's an old-fashioned dying out and a repentance and a baptism of the Holy Spirit that burns sin out and mortifies the deeds of this body. We got too many Christians that's alive. Amen. They're alive to the world, but we need to die to the world and we can live in Christ. Let the resurrection power of the Holy Spirit get a hold of us and resurrect that life. I believe in it. I believe in no sky blue, sinkilling, holy ghost religion, sacrifice preaching. Amen. Take the polish off of the thing and preach the power of God until souls are saved, lives are delivered, hearts are changed, healing takes place. Amen. Miracles and manifestations of God moving the church of the living God. We are not a dead church. We are a living manifestation of the Elohim God and has come down in our age. The Holy Ghost is not in heaven, folks. It's in the church of the living God. And God is looking for a place. The Bible says in the last days that they have a form of godliness that they deny the power thereof, the power to give birth, the power to bring deliverance, the power of the fire of God to devour the unbelief out of the church of the living God. I I believe that there's a reality to this message. There's a reality to the things of God. Amen. I I I certainly believe that God has given this age. Amen. and and and we could look at this and talk about the harlot and we could look at her daughters, but the Bible said judgment is coming upon her. And brother Brandon says it very clearly. He said that judgment, Amen. the judgment in Revelation 17 is the judgment that he shows it. And in and if you uh if you look in Revelation 17, there's a angel here revealing, Amen. the judgment of this and its denomination. Brother Bam said, "Everything in it is cursed." Yeah. See, everything in it is cursed. Now, if you read uh let me just read from Revelations 14. And I I want you to watch uh Revelations 14 and you can look in that ninth verse is that third angel. But if you back it up to that first angel, you can look and and and and hear their sermons. Now there's many of writers here that knows uh very well that there are three angels here and many of them tie them to three great ministries in the end time. Let's see and let's look at the second verse. And I heard the voice of heaven a voice of many waters and the voice of a great thunder and heard the voice of the thunders harpening. And they sung a song and the four beasts and the elders and no man could learn. And the four 40 and 4,000 which were redeemed from the earth. Now these are which were not defiled with a woman. For they had are virgins and these are which follow the lamb wheroever he goeth. And these are redeemed from among men. And in their mouth was found no g for they without fault before the throne of God. And I saw another angel flying in the midst of heaven, having an everlasting gospel. And he preached unto them that dwell upon the earth, unto every nation, kindred, tongue, and people, saying with a loud voice, "Fear God, and give glory to him, for the hour of judgment is come, and worship him that made heaven and earth and the sea and the fountains thereof." Amen. And now watch, Brother Ram said, "Now there's your Martin Luther." So we're counting three angels. We'll just count them. There's your Martin Luther. Now that's a ministry that was coming into the earth. Now watch in this next verse and it says and there followed another angel saying Babylon is falling is falling the great because she has made the nations drank of the wine of the wrath of her fornications. Now there brother Brham says is that sanctifying message of John Wesley. But then watch this third one. He said, "And a third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, if any man worship the beast and his image, and received the mark in his forehead or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of indignation. He shall be tormented with fire and brimstone, and the presence of the holy angels in in the presence of the lamb." So, somebody says, "Well, brother Wayne, can I can I stay in denomination and worship God?" Look at this third angel's message. He says that you either have to worship God or be marked with a beast. Now, he he's very clear in that that you can't worship God and mammon at the same time. You you're not able to stay within that. Now, now if you watch that same third angel, now go to Revelations 18 and you'll watch how that in the let's just start with that first verse. Revelations 18. same same that third angel is flying at the same time that this message is coming. And these things which I saw another angel come down from heaven having great power and the earth was lighted with glory and cried mightily with a strong voice saying Babylon the great is fallen is fallen has become the habitation of devils and the hold of every foul spirit and the cage of every unclean and hateful bird. For all the nations had drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornications, and the king of the earth had committed fornications with her, and the merchants in the earth were waxed which with her abundance and her delic delicacies. And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, "Come out of her, my people, that you be not partakers of her sin, that you receive not of her plagues, for her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities." Now listen, that same voice of Revelations 14:9, that third angel, you can't do both. So what's the answer to it? Come out of it, my people. Now the Bible says, I heard a voice out of heaven. How many realizes, brother Bam talks about this area and he says this voice coming out of heaven, but really he said the voice is on earth and as it's speaking on earth, it so is recognized in heaven that it echoes back out of heaven. So heaven is saying the same thing as this angel is saying, "Come out of her my people and be not partakers of your fornications." Now, amen. You see then you you see God calling out that church out of denominations, out of systems. Now, now when you when you start looking into this, you say, "Well, well, Brother Wayne, we've come out a long time ago." And absolutely we have. Amen. But we have another generation that's on the scene today. Amen. that is that's facing the same things that our fathers faced when they come out of denominations. And there's a big push for people to say, "Well, what's the difference anyhow? And what's all the troubles about?" And Amen. And and why why do we have to worry about it? Why don't you just mingle and we could be ecumenical and we could go out and be a part of these things and and you know, after all, if we was a little more friendly, we could win those UPC's and we could win the Baptist and we could do all these things. That's exactly the teachings of Balum. And brother Mam said it very clearly. He said, "Don't go out there on their ground." Come on. He said, "You're presuming when you do it. Don't go out there on their ground. Come out of her, my people, and be not partakers of her fornications." Amen. Now you Now, now when we look at this, we say, "Well, I know it sounds a little a little rough, but let me just say this. There is no life in denomination. Denominational ages have run out. They they have run out of light. They have run out of life. Amen. And God is actually revealing this age. He reveals the book to prove to us he's not in that system any longer. Have you ever seen it in the Bible when they crucified Jesus and they put him on the cross and he's dying? The Bible said and the earth began to quake. Amen. And the veil was rent from the top to the bottom. Now, brother Ma'am said there wasn't no man could reach up there. So, we seen that it was the hand of God that rent the temple veil. And when they rent the veil, they could see inside where the veil was. Amen. And we could see that the glory had left what they had said was behind the veil. It was the opening of the word that showed the glory that the Pentecostals claimed to have had left. when they had organized. But without the word declaring it, we would have went on believing the pillar of fire was back there behind that. But mercy had moved on. And when the veil was opened up, it revealed to us not just where mercy had had been, but where it was today. Do you see the ages have run out? Amen. In other words, the denominational ages, brother Bam says it very clearly. He said the denominational ages have been carriers. They have been part of this word for it has been hid from the reformers and sealed away until the age this eagle appears. See it's been hid from the wise and the prudent. Just like in seed not air but the shuck there are three seeds. There are three women not three seeds three women. And brother Brham said each one of these womens are only carriers of the seed until it matures in Jesus Christ. See that's why you couldn't stop it with the Lutheran message. You couldn't. That's the Protestant, right? And you can't stop with a Wesleyian message. And you you can't stop with the reformation of gifts, even with the baptism of the spirit. Amen. Because each one of them was a stage of the word. Brother man makes it clear. He says, watch, Hagar was not her. He said it was not the seed. She was a carrier. Mary and and Sarah were all carriers. Many people would like to type us as as as Mary. You you listen. Pentecost was Mary. That's right. Amen. But the full word has to come into manifestation. Do you see? Then you can't stop back there. You can't do it because this is seed time. Life has left the husk and came into the seed. The life is in the seed in the age we're living in. See, it's bride time. The shucks are dead. The shucks are dried up. It's virgin word time. Amen. Now you see this old system is done and she's a dry shuck. That's that's pretty powerful, isn't it? And she's a dry shuck. Now now when you're uh studying this second seal, brother Bam will talk about this and he'll say he'll say here it's Satan's duty to pervert the word of God to wisdom's reasoning. Now then he marks his subjects by rejecting the original word. Now it's Satan's duty to take the scripture and twist it. And he marks those that are his subjects by a rejection of the original word. You you you see so somebody said, "Well, who is God's children and who is the devil's children?" He marks his subjects. You don't have to guess who's listening to the devil. Right? You get to listening to the devil. The first thing that comes is a rejection of the original word. When somebody starts reasoning out and thinking about the message and they start and they really get troubled over something, the the mark of that is the rejection of the word. Do you see? Now, I'm just going to read. Brother Bam says it's Satan's duty to mark his subjects by this. And he said, "If you'll suffer here, I want to show you this. Let me show you a type." He said, "Listen, they marked in the Old Testament. They would mark it the 40th nth year." He said they would go into Jubilee and slaves heard this. And you know the story of the Jubilee. He said, "And there's nothing that could keep them from going free if he would just throw down his hoe so long he could go back home as soon as the trumpet sounded." Now I I want you to hear the power of what he's saying. He said every every 50 years. Now now in in Israel they maybe would get uh uh they would get sired bound or they would get maybe in uh could we say it like this something would take claim of them like a church or in modern terms like a denomination or some belief system and and and they would sell out to that and they would remain there until the blowing of the trumpet. Now every 50 years the trumpet would blow. And brother Ben's saying something powerful when he says this. When the trumpet blew, nothing could keep them from returning back. See, when the trumpet blew, there was a power in it that could release them as long as they're willing to go. And brother Manam is teaching us that the blowing of that trumpet is the gospel trumpet. According to Paul, if the trumpet makes a certain sound, Amen. This this sound of the trumpet is that you could be free from the denominational thinking. See, you could be free of water baptism and trinitarian ideas. You could be free of the Armenianism idea of of that I could save and be lost and save. Amen. All these ideas that had bound down God's children the moment that the trumpet sounded, they are free to go. And there's nothing that can hold them if they're willing to go. See, if you're willing to believe, there's nothing can hold you in unbelief when you're ready to believe God's word. But Satan will mark his subjects by a denial of the original word. Brother Bam then makes it very clear. He said, "See, he marks them in their ear. He pokes something in their ear." And brother Bam said, "Don't you let the devil poke that in your ear. Don't you let unbelief get poked in your ear like, well, we don't believe in that Holy Ghost stuff no more. We we don't believe in the moving of the spirit. We don't we don't believe in the power of God released in the church and manifestations of his spirit and life and and you know they they'll take it a step further. We don't believe in that opening the word and we don't believe in that that paracia you know the presence of God. We don't let the devil poke that in your ear because see that's his job is to rob from you the virtues and the glorious power of this word. But he does it by reasoning the scriptures, twisting them to make you his prisoner. My goodness. Amen. See what he does? He marks them. He marks them. And brother Bam said God marks his by vindicating his word through them. See, vindicating his word through them. In other words, the original word flows through you. That's the mark, the identification of a child of God. The original word moves through you with life. See, Jesus said it, "The works that I do shall ye do." Also, the spirit makes the word live through you with life. I I just love how brother Bam uh uh breaks these things open to us. And and and I just wonder if it's okay with you. I I have so much here, so I'm just going to have to maybe preach it instead of read it if it's okay. Amen. But but you watch how that whenever God sounds something he vindicates it. He brings life. Now it brings light. Now if you start discussing uh when Jesus looked at his his followers he said you are the light of the world. Now Paul speaks of you he calls you the saints of light the children of light. Yeah, remember that he says that you have your inheritance in light. Now, this this this word light that we're speaking of is I think it's phosphorus or fos in the Greek. But but you you got to know that 2,000 years ago, they didn't have electric. So, light was discussing fire. It was like the the lamp that burned was the light. The light was a fire that burned. And and and so what what you what you see is that the the light would come in the age. Brother described this and he said light is not he defines it brother Kyle and he says light's not like this electric light here. He said light is when the word is vindicated. So when the when the word is brought to pass that becomes the light of that age. See watch where do you get light from? The most original light source is the word of God. See in the beginning God said let there be light. So light comes from the word of God. Then there is a light as John said if you walk in the light as he is in the light then you have fellowship. So there is a light for an age. So when you watch there was a Luther's day there was a light for that day. There was a light and that light was the scriptures. The just shall live by faith. And if you look at it in John Wesley, sanctify them through thy word. Thy word is truth. He preached the power of sanctification. And that was the light of the day. See, the word was the source of the light of his age. But look, amen. You You can't look back in that time and try to preach that same message today because what was light yesterday is darkness today. Let just take the just take the earth itself. Amen. And and and it was it it it it was light. Let's just go back over into the far east coast in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. Amen. It was real bright back there a few hours ago, but it ain't right now. See, because light is constantly moving. It It's moving. It's alive. It's not dead. You can't nail it down and say, "Well, it'll be this way tomorrow." That's why Brother Ben said, "You can't keep the Sabbath." Yeah. Right. He said, "These Sabbathke keepers, you can't keep it." He said, "It passes away. The Sabbath is never the same. It moves. It's constantly moving." And you see, then when people try to take the light of one age and make it the light of the next age, then what they do is they actually actually put out the day and the light of the day you're living. Yeah. Now, uh, when I'm when I'm reading this, I I I would like to go to the book of Shalom if I can. Um, Brother Bam will brother do something very beautiful in the in the shalom book and and uh let me see if I can get the correct place here. Um, brother Madam is is discussing something in the there's two uh messages shalom and I'm looking at the one in uh Jeffersonville and on page 16, brother Boss talk about this and he begins to go into the age that we're living and he talks about the darkness talks about the way that the children are acting the way the churches are acting. the way the people are acting and he starts talking about it and he says it's just darkness everywhere, right? And he and he goes into it and he talks about it. He says but but he says but when you see it on the people he said surely this is coming from somewhere. Yeah. Now if you if you go into the scriptures then you can discover where it actually comes from. And brother Bam then says to us, he said, "Every great event in first that's going to happen on the earth is shown in the heavens." Now, um, Brother Brand described this uh when he preaches the church ages. How many ever How many ever knew that brother Bam uh when he preached the church ages, he drew the moons? Yeah. That represent the church. Can we just bring up the picture there? Let's bring up the seven church ages picture. Just a plain picture. And brother Bam drew the moons. Now, he did this in 1960s. And look at the what what you're looking at is the moon itself and how the sun is shining on the moon. And so he's showing you the phases of the church and how it went so dark and then it looks like it comes light and then it comes back dark again. And he he's showing you the phases of the sun on that moon in the church ages. And brother Bam says, "Now watch." He says, "But God always does things in threes." And he says he brought it to me in inspiration. He said I actually drew it on a blackboard. And what you're looking at the picture, Brother Bam, drew it on a blackboard up on the platform. He said, but then the Holy Spirit came in. He said, and drew it on the back wall in a light shading back and forth. Now, I have talked to people that was sitting in the service when it happened. And they said, you know, until people started like passing out and stuff, you really didn't even know anything was happening. But people were seeing it happen on the wall and they got really excited. Brother Jim Ed Dalton and him, they there's a lot of personal eyewitnesses that was in that meeting and and they said, "Brother, of course, brother Bam then talks about it and he says he says people was talking about something back there." He said actually he was up here on the platform and he was reflecting it on the wall. A and he says watch now. First by inspiration he said secondly it happened. He said and God drew it on the wall. He said but then before every great event he puts it in the heavens. You got that next one? Amen. And in December of 1963, brother Brandham actually brings out this picture. Amen. in in Shalom's sermon in January, he brings out this picture which is you notice six pictures of the moon and brother says these six pictures watch how that last one the light is barely living there. He said because we're now in the seventh and he said these six pictures and these were events that was happening in the heavens he said before it happened on the earth. Now, this is coming out December, I think 28th in the in the Tucson paper. A and and a man, a woman gives it to brother Bham. And brother Bam said, "There it is. There's the third witness of it." Now, now it's amazing because Amen. Right there in that same January, the Pope of Rome, which is Pope Leo or Pope Paul the 6th, left Jerusalem or Rome for the first time in history. There's never been a pope leave Rome until Pope V 6, the Paul V 6, I'm going to call him Pope 6, Pope Paul V 6th, he left Rome and went to Jerusalem for the first time in the history of the church. And brother Bam said, "Watch it." Now, the Pope going to Jerusalem, God witnessed that event three different times. He said by inspiration by drawing it on the blackboard and then by in the heavens he said it pre it it it it predated it was the event of a pope going to Jerusalem. Now now it's amazing cuz somebody said what what's such a big deal about the pope going to Jerusalem. Well I've read to you in the book of Galatians the fourth chapter here and I read to you about two different Jerusalems. We read about a Jerusalem. Amen. That is a natural city of Jerusalem. And then we read about a Jerusalem that is from above. And when the Pope Paul V 6th went to Jerusalem, he went to the natural Jerusalem and brother Bam says, "Watch it." He put out their lights. Now, now the first time that a Roman Catholic church goes to Jerusalem, a pope goes, Brother Bam said, "What does it represent that Jerusalem is the oldest church in the world?" He said, 'What is it doing? He said, it's the natural church. It's church carnal. It's the system church. And the pope is coming for fellowship. And what's he doing when he comes? He's putting out the lights of the church. What's he doing? He's darkening them from real true belief. What did the pope go there for? To fellowship with them. Listen, the Roman Catholic Church didn't give up one thing when they started fellowshipping with the Protestants. There wasn't one there wasn't one thing the Roman church said, "Sorry, we were wrong on this or we we were going to back up on this." Amen. But it was the denominations, the Protestants that started calming down their rhetoric. Amen. And begin to invite the pope into their systems. Come on. in January of 1964. And it was so important. Brother Ram said, "God made it shine in the heavens to tell the church that darkness is covering the earth because the Roman Catholic Church is coming to the Protestant church. He's coming for fellowship." Now, somebody said, "Well, Wayne, that's not really a" But you watch it. You watch how that the Roman church begin to bring its creeds and fellowship with them there in 1964. Now, I don't know if any of you other uh uh folks have thought about this, but I think it's amazing that at the same time, amen, that God is visiting his church, the church spiritual, the new Jerusalem, Brother said that new Jerusalem. Now, I don't want to get so fast you don't catch my point here. That new Jerusalem, he said, watch, when Abraham was coming home, he said he met me, who was the king of Jerusalem. He said not Jerusalem natural but spiritual Jerusalem. Melchazdc meeting Abraham. Amen. What was he doing? He was on his road home and he come to meet him. Amen. To bring light to him. To bring a visitation to him. At the same time the pope is coming to denominations to put their lights out. Bring up the other picture. Amen. The same time there in Tucson just around between Tucson and Prescuit. Amen. That ringshaped cloud appears. Amen. In March of 1963, amen. And the same as there is darkness coming to denominational systems, there is light coming to the bride of Christ. Come on, church. What is light? Light is the word of God made manifest. That light is appearing to tell you Revelations 10 is going to be fulfilled. Malachi 4 is being fulfilled. Luke 17:30 is being fulfilled. You see, the light of God is coming to the church. At the same time, darkness is coming to the natural church. And both of them is represented through ministry. That's why in Isaiah 60, the Bible says, "Arise and shine." Go to Isaiah 60 and and look in the fir first two verses and watch the scripture pull it up. Amen. It it's a beautiful reading. Amen. Isaiah chapter 60 and verse one. Arise and shine for thy light is come. Can I just resay it? Come up and reflect. Arise and shine. Come up and reflect for thy light is come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. Watch the next verse. And for behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people. The Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. Now, isn't it Isaiah 60? It's so powerful to see, amen, that when the enemy comes with darkness is when God is rising with light, but he's commanding the church, Amen, don't go back to the darkness. Look, when the light starts shining, Brother Man makes a he makes some very uh rude remarks about the light. He said, "But when the light shines," he said, "the roaches run into the dark and the beetles run and all the night creatures flee to the dark." He said, "Church, don't run to the darkness." Amen. We are children of the light. Walk out into the light of the resurrection of Jesus Christ in this age. This message has brought light. And when the message starts shining, watch what happens. They turn and run back into the darkness rather than the light. Turn and go back into the system. But the darkness shall cover the earth and gross darkness the people. But I I I'm a Bible reader, brother Troy. I enjoy the Bible. And you watch Isaiah 60. There's two lights. But look in Isaiah 59 and watch the last two verses of Isaiah 59. He says, "When the enemy shall come in like a flood, that the Lord shall raise up a standard against him." Amen. When the enemy shall come like a flood. And here the pope is coming as a natural representation that the devil is putting the lights out of the church and plunging them into darkness and they'll walk into the tribulation by that darkness. At the same time, God sends a prophet of Malachi 4 to represent the light. He is a natural representation of the light that is coming in this age. And I say, amen, we are to walk in the light as he is in the light. This word of God that is coming into this age has birthed children of the light. We are not of the darkness. Amen. We are not living in the darkness. We are the children of the light of almighty God. God declares it in the heavens. I love it. I love how God does it. And he put his Life magazine. He put the pillar the the halo or the cloud. He put it in Life magazine. I thought that was pretty good. He put it in Life magazine because that's exactly what's coming out of this message is life. Life for change. Life for power. Amen. We are not a darkness. We are not of the darkness. We are of the light. Do you see? It's an event in history, amen, where Rome is now coming into, amen, the denominational systems, amen, to bring forth the old Jerusalem, to bring them under the power of the Pope in January of 1964. Folks, I I I'm I'm sorry, but these things But these things, I guess they're coincidences, you know, that the seals are opened and immediately the Pope comes to Jerusalem. The word is coming to the bride and the antichrist is coming to church natural. They're coming to a head at the same time. But you know, it'd be one thing if the pope just went to Jerusalem and put out the lights, but it's only in the same year of 1964, in October of 64, that that same pope, Pope Paul V 6th, visited America. Now folks, let me tell you now, now now Brother Brandham says in the church age book, it is no coincidence that his name is Pope Paul V 6th. He said Paul being the first messenger to the Gentiles, he said it has now returned back to Jerusalem under Pope Paul, but it's the number six because it's man visiting. Amen. Through Paul's ministry. Isn't that something? They come to put out Paul's gospel. But here, brother Brandon stands and he said, "Amen. Will I have to be judged? Amen. They said, "Yeah." He said, "Will Paul have to be judged?" He said, "Yeah." He said, "Well, then I have preached what Paul preached." And at the same time, Pope Paul V 6 is coming to destroy Paul's teachings among the church. Here comes a messenger from God to build up the New Testament church in the power of the gospel that was preached unto us by Paul. Amen. In fall, in 1964, in the fall, Amen. That same pope visits America. Now, y'all don't y'all don't don't get upset and think I'm reading too deeply. But he come to America in 1964. He come to America and landed brother Carrie at JFK airport. Do you know that there had been no Catholic presidents? But brother Bam said, "According to the vision, the women will get a vote and they'll put in the wrong man." And he said they did it when they put in John F. Kennedy. And he said, "It's not that he's not a bad man." He said, "But the Catholic system," he said, "got among the blacks and turned their vote from the Republican party of the Lincoln party, that freedom, and bought them and twisted that vote around to put in a Catholic man, John F. Kennedy." And he said, "Then he's a good man." And he said, "It won't look like very much, but he's making a way for it." He's making a way for it. Amen. And I thought it was so amazing. Amen. After Mr. Kennedy is passed away. Amen. They got a they got an airport, JFK airport, and that's the very place where this pope decides to land is on JFK. He made a way for that pope to land in America. I tell you, the symbology is amazing tonight to think, amen, that they made a way for that to return to America. And brother Ram said very clearly, he said, watch this. He said, I I want you to see it. He says, "When when when when you watch back and see this Revelations 13 appearing in the Bible, you see you see them first eight and nine verses." But then when that second beast starts showing up, do y'all realize that they that they founded this America and they founded it. Brother Bram said, of course, according to Revelations 12, he said, "The woman fled into the wilderness, a place prepared, which was Plymouth Rock." Yeah. Come to Plymouth Rock. Right. Now, now think of this. And that was done in 1492 they discovered America. But in the middle of 1500s they settled Jamestown. Do you know that is with only a few years of settling James Town that the Lutheran denomination was formed. The second part of Revelations 13 was denomination organization in America. There never was any organization anywhere in the world other than the Catholic Church. He had no daughters until Lutheran born an organization and it happened at the same time America was founded. It took them a hundred aboutund maybe 200 years 150 years before they actually made it into America. But after that watch a swarm of organizations begin to move in America. So you seen the denomination give birth and brought that in under the revelations 13. Amen. But there they were moving in light. There they were. They would they would have systems and it would rise up again and they would have life and they would rise up again. But watch the scripture tell us that when it comes to the Leodysian age that they will be a darkness that'll settle over the earth of blackness and it'll darken everything out. that it'll be a gross darkness that'll cover the earth. And the only thing that'll survive that age is them that have their names in the lamb's book of life from the foundations of the world. What is it? God witnessed it in heaven. That there would be a place for light to come in this age. And to think God has chosen you in this generation, in the middle of this age, light has be shine and we have received it. Now, as we move in the back half of Revelations 13, oh, I thank God that there's a Revelations 10 and a Luke 17. Yeah. And a Malachi 4. Brother Bram types it like this. He's in the sermon, Turn on the Light if musicians could come. He's in the sermon, Turn on the Light. And he said, "This darkness of this age," he said, "it it it it it it it reminds me of a man and his sister that went into a dark cavern over in Carlsbad, New Mexico." Has anybody ever been down in a cave? I think all the caves these days, they turn Anybody ever had the lights turned out on? Because they want to prove to you how dark it is. And I'm praying whoever's turning it out, they know how to turn it back on. cuz they get you way back there. And brother Brandham said, "When them lights went out, see what they're proving to you is how dark it would be without the light." And brother Brandham describes the age and the time. And he says, "Oh, brother Brandham," he said, "you're making it awful dark in here." He said, "But see, there's a man here that can turn on the lights. And there there is a man here that can turn on the lights. And let me say he's still here and he can still turn on the lights. Can you stand to your feet with me tonight? Two churches. There's two Jerusalems. We are the heavenly Jerusalem. Thanks be to God. I'm so glad that the light can shine on me. You know, tonight as we survey these things, I know I know we're living in a world where where people are there's people even right now, you know, making fun of us talking about this American pope and all this. But it's it's amazing to me that uh Seth actually wrote to me with me to church and we were listening to see not ever the shook and brother Bam started talking about he said the eagles of the day he said they have a seven course meal to feed on that fresh mana and he said but he said but see the hawks he said they won't receive it he said they're they're they're he said they gotten lazy and they want to just fly and sit on the high line and wait for somebody to kill a rabbit, you know, run over it or something and just fly down and get it. He said they don't want to they don't want to they don't want to get that fresh mana. They don't want to reach out into that land. And brother Ram said, "It's there. They just won't take it." And I I got to thinking, it's there if we'll take it. The scriptures are being manifested if we can if we can take it. That's right. Amen. We we got we have light shining current current revelation moving in the church. I've often told people they said, "Well, you don't have any scripture." I said, "Well, you just don't accept the scripture God give." Brother Bram said, "Why won't they take Malachi 4?" Because their denominations blacked it out. Why won't they take Luke 17? Because denomination blocked it out. Why won't they Why won't they take Revelation 10? We have tons of scriptures if you'll take them. I want to take them. How about you? Amen. I'm I'm a part of that. Amen. Brother Ben on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine. Shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Oh, shine on me. And let the light from the light shine on me. Shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from from the lighthouse shine on me. Shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light on me. Oh, shine on me. Yes, Lord. Shine. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let the light from shine [Music] shine. Sh [Applause] from the lighthouse. [Applause] Shine on me.
