################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Opening Of The Word Pt 2’ - (Sun 2232025) - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-24
Title:    Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘The Opening Of The Word Pt 2’ - (Sun 2/23/2025)
Speaker:  Wayne Lawson
Church:   True Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 12m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtWc_a3ygsM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Now today, while we're uh still standing here, maybe we could just bow our hearts for a word of prayer just before we read the word of God. Amen. Let's just ask the Lord for his mercy. Father, oh how our hearts are energized, Lord, thou son of man. Lord, how you have spoken this age in John 5 and 24. Lord, you spoke it and you said, "He that hearth my voice," God, we've heard it. And not only did we hear it, we heard our name in it, Lord. And Lord, it raised us. And we're alive today because you live, we live also. We thank you for life, the greatest gift in the Bible. And we thank you for the mercy, Lord, these wonderful saints that you have joined around this tabernacle this morning, Lord, to believe, Lord, children, you have gathered under your tent, Lord. And we ask you today that your great mercy would be upon them. And as we speak these words, Lord, may they bless them. I pray the spirit of revelation would enter this room. Father, not a cold traditional sermon or lecture or teaching, but may the teaching of your mechanics have a dynamics in it. Lord, may it energize and spark within us that great revelation, Lord. Now, Father, we're asking you today that not only would you come and unveil your word, but Lord, while you do it, would you heal the sick that's among us? Lord, would you would you beckon them that are lost this morning, Lord? Father, for those that are needing comfort, may you take your word this morning and touch them, Father. Now, we ask it in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you this morning. If you have your Bibles, we'd like to go into the word of the Lord in the book of Daniel, the 12th chapter. And I would like to read uh Daniel 12:4. Uh we'll be reading Revelations 10:4 and Revelations 10. and seven. Revelations 12 and verse 4. But thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book even till the time of the end, and many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased. Let's read Revelations 10 verse4. Do you know that brother Ram teaches us that John and Daniel saw the same thing? Revelations 10 and4. And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write. So Daniel had saw the seven thunders. And I was about to write and I heard the voice from heaven saying unto me, "Seal up the things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not." Isn't that amazing? Seal up. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as declared to his servants, the prophets. May God bless his word. You could be seated this morning. I'd like to speak to you this morning on the opening of the word. And I'm going to call it a part two. I don't know if there'll be a part three, but uh but I I just want to maybe just take this morning uh for this uh in part two of the opening of the word. Of course, I have read to you a beautiful scriptures uh that is concerning uh the book that was sealed but prophesied to be unsealed in the ministry of the seventh angel. Now, I I want to read a definitive statement. And sometimes when you read a definitive statement, it's like saying that you put up this great big algebraic uh uh math problem and then you put the answer on the end of it. So if you know where you're going before you start, then you know, amen that that we already got the problem solved. But then how does that come about? And here in visible unit of the bride in 65, brother man say this. He said now Paul separated and put the word together. Well then look if it taken that and he had to go to the desert away from his loved ones. Now remember and what time is it sir? That's what we played for you last Thursday. What time is it sir? He said you remember that he says amen. It was exactly right. Then we've got the revelation in the last days for the message of the Lord together the bride together. Now no other age has it been promised. It was promised in this age according to Malachi 4, Luke 17:30, St. John 14:12, Joel chapter 2 and verse 38. So we have the revelation. Now that's a very that's a very definitive thing. It's a very it's a solid statement. It's like saying the alpha has become the omega. See, he's he's telling you you may be wondering is the bride coming? Is she per? But when he says the alpha has become the omega, that should settle it. And then you start looking at the omega going, "Oh, wow. This is what the alpha looked like because you're thinking, imagining what the alpha looked like and then you're trying to make that fit over the omega." And people are not measuring up yet. But when a prophet says the alpha has become the omega, then now you know what the omega look like because you're looking at her. So now you can see what the alpha look like. Amen. So, amen. If you're still thinking the bride's coming, listen. Amen. You are the fulfillment of the vision. Amen. And I know you have you have fantasized of what those biblical characters were. But they were just like you. Amen. They were believers just like you. Ups and downs and ins and outs. And I know you you know you fantasize all these things. Amen. But I'll say this. If you want to know what the first church looked like, it was looked just like this church. The alpha has become the omega. Amen. So you're talking about definitive things. And I'll say this, we have the revelation. So So if we have the revelation that will gather the bride, then that revelation has already given in 1965. So So many times people are saying, "Well, we need something to come. We got to have this great event. This great thing's got to come ahead of us." And while they're doing that, they're looking for something to come when the thing they're looking for is already here. Amen. I I I'll say this in Luke chapter 15, I believe it is. Isn't that the three parables, the the the lost sheep and the lost coin and also the prodical son. Isn't that Luke 15? Every one of them ends with a rejoicing. Isn't it odd? He finds the sheep and there's rejoicing. And then they find the coin and there's rejoicing and the prodal comes home and there's rejoicing. But before they start rejoicing, there's something happens in all three parables. They quit looking. And as long as you're looking for the fulfillment, you can never rejoice because you have not yet realized what you're in possession of. But the moment you quit looking for it and start looking at it, then the revelation of it can bring joy and stimulation and you and you'll be saying, "Look at what we are in possession of." And that is where the bride's revival comes from. Amen. It comes from the re reality of what God has done in your generation. Now, Brother Brandham says, "See, these things couldn't be given until the appointed time. They were kept up in an earthn vessel." You know, he's getting that from Jeremiah. They were kept up in an earthn vessel until the time of the seventh angel. Now, what that meant is when the seventh angel comes, amen, what your possession is will be in that seventh angel. Let me just say this in Jeremiah. If you read the scripture, remember they're going to be carried into Babylon for 70 years. And before Jeremiah leaves, he sells his possession to a near kin, knowing that in 70 years when he turns and comes back to that land, that that near kin would have a right to redeem his possession. So he sells it to somebody that can redeem it. And brother Bram says, "And our inheritance," he said, "was in Christ and has been held until this earthn vessel comes. And then when the earth and vessel comes, the inheritance of the bride would be revealed. Now that's exactly what William Brandon was holding. He was holding the secret to the inheritance of the church of the living God. And at that time, see, it's going to be brought into you by revelations. And it will be brought from the hand of God by vindication. Amen. Now, how do you receive this message? By revelation. From the hand of vindication. Come and take the book, John. How do I take it? By revelation through vindication. In other words, you got to know it's the truth. Amen. Now, see, this is the thing that we find. We must determine and we know what it means and what it does. In Daniel chapter 2, when you read Daniel chapter 2, it talks about how that Nebuchadnezzar had a had a dream. And remember when he has this dream, he's a he's a great king and he has a dream of those of those uh images coming up. Amen. And he asked everybody to interpret the dream for him. And all of them has the same response. Tell me the dream and then I'll tell you the interpretation. And the king was smarter than that. He said, "Look, if I tell you the dream and then you tell me the interpretation, how do I know that you're just not making up something about my dream?" He said, "But if you really want to know what a dream means," he said, "A seer will see the dream first and then tell you your dream and the answer to it." because he can't give away something other if he gave away there might be an interpretation to it. Now, now let me just say this. When you read the seventh seal in Revelation chapter 8, did you notice in Revelation six that when every seal is broken, the first four riders, there is a there's a horse coming out and it has a symbol behind it. And all the way through the six six uh uh sixth seal, there is symbols given when the seal's broken. But when Revelation the seventh seal is broken in Revelations 8 and verse one, Amen. It actually says there was silence in the space of half an hour. So there's no symbol given away at all because there will be no impersonations or false interpretations to it because it will take a prophet to see it, tell you what it is, and then tell you what it means. Amen. Until there's somebody can tell you what it is, how can you tell them what it means? Amen. But here's a prophet coming along that says, "But it will not be made known until it's time." Now, that's that's an absolute fact. You can just write that down. Nobody understood what the seventh seal was until it was time for it to be broken. Now, what is the time of that breaking is the time that God appointed under the seventh messenger. Now, when you read about this, brother Bam says it like this. The book of Revelations, he said, was actually written for the servants of God at the last time. When time is at hand. When the book will be revealed. That's right. When the book will be revealed. You say, "Brother, brother Wayne, when is the time?" He said, "The time is when the revelation of Jesus Christ has been revealed to the body." And Christ has been revealed, not dead, but alive, living among his church, doing the same things he did. The same ministry, the same gospel, the same sign, the resurrected Christ, when he's revealed by his angel into the church, then the time is at hand. And there's never been a time since that day until this has the mystery of Christ been revealed until the last few years. The time is at hand. Now, here's a prophet telling you what time it is. Brother Bram says, "And sir, is this the end of the is this the end time, sir?" Brother Bram says, "It's like a man waking up in the middle of the night, grumbling around for a light to turn it on to see what time it is." Amen. And you find out, anybody ever do that? Amen. Not now. Not in the day of the phone. I know, but before the phones come along, but Amen. You You turn the light on to see what time it was. And Brother Brandham is telling you that's what he's doing as a prophet. He's turning on a light. So you can see the timing that you're living in in biblical principles. Now God gave this by his angel unto John. And we covered that Thursday night. I won't get into that. But the signifying angel is the angel that reveals the book of Revelations to John. Now who is John in the book of Revelations? He is the bride. Right? John represents the b bride in the book of revelations. And that that message was to be given to John. But when it was given to John, it was given to him in a symbol form to write down. But when it comes to the bride who is not the symbol, she will get it in reality. Now what we find in is that the bride herself will be able to say the same thing that God has said through the prophet. Now if you're read Bible reader in Revelation 22, the Bible actually speaks of the bride and it said the spirit, the prophet and the bride is going to say the same thing, right? And what they have said will already have been written in the Bible, but it was not known until the age we're living in because it was in a mystery form. Now, I hope I'm not moving too fast. I got a lot in here. So, amen. So, you see that this is the time for the unveiling or the revealing. Now, the mystery, of course, cannot be known until the seventh angel sounds. So, the seventh seal is an end time seal. when it starts it will be a total secret according to the Bible and remember in Revelations 10:es 1-7 and at the end of the seventh angel's message the mysteries of God would be known we're at the end time the opening of the seven seal what's he doing he's laying down to you this is where we are in scripture amen just as Joshua placed the people in their promised land this messenger is placing you specifically in scripture to show where you are in the Bible. And he's showing you, amen, the very place in Revelations 10. Now, in Christ, the mystery of God, which I would entitle it the seventh seal revealed. Amen. You could just title it seven seal revealed. It's Christ is the mystery of God revealed, right? Amen. And and it's the seven seals spoke plainly. And brother Brandham says it like this because he's speaking of the of the seven seal. He says God's great mystery of how it's a secret and how he kept it a secret. Nobody know nothing about it. Even angels didn't understand it. See that's the reason under our seventh mystery when the seventh seal was open there was silence. And when Jesus was on earth they wanted to know when he would come. And he said it's not even to the son himself. Don't know when it's going to happen. And God has all this to himself. It's a secret. And that's the reason there was silence in heaven for the space of half an hour. See, seven thunders would utter their voices. But John was even forbidden to ride it. See, it was the coming of the Lord. Yeah. Now, he's going to now tie together the opening of seven seals, seven thunders. Revelations 10 is the coming of the Lord. That's the one thing he hasn't revealed yet of how he will come and when he will come. And it's a good thing he does it. And for years I had people read me that, but they never read on. I just love to read on. I love to just read the next sentences behind when a prophet says something like that because the very next words he says, "But he has showed it or revealed it in every type that's in the Bible." So when you come under this messenger, you see now your entire Bible is a revelation of the coming of Christ because he's coming. How did he do it? He had preeminence in Abraham. He had preeminence in Rebecca. He had preeminence in Tamar. It was his life having preeminence. And that's written in every type that's in the Bible is how he would come. Amen. See, but the entire Bible then is a revelation of God's mystery in Christ. The Bible is an expression of one goal. God had one purpose he wanted to achieve. And all the acts of the believers in the Bible has been in a type and expressing a great goal that now in this last day he has revealed it and shows it. And by God's help, you'll see it right here this morning. Amen. I I know he was talking to them, but I'm talking to you. By God's help, you'll see it right there this morning. It has been expressed. And and then brother Bradom lays out the beautiful thing that God wanted to do. He wanted to express himself in his son. Right? But then the thing that he expressed in Jesus, he wanted to express it in a many member body. And then when that body had fully expressed what he had in Jesus, he wants to change that body and take them back to the garden of Eden. That was the great purpose of God. Now that purpose could not be fulfilled until the seventh angel came to under to to release what was in him into the bride of Jesus Christ. Now in feast of trumpets I just love how brother Bram says things. He said look now I want to say one more thing closely. Now don't miss this. How striking from the seventh angels messenger of the seven seal. How did he knows brother Brandon was a messenger of the seventh seal? Yeah, he was the messenger of the seventh seal. Now watch. And he's striking from the seventh angel's message, the messenger of the seventh seal. The message in Revelations 10 was the seventh seal. So you said, "Brother Wayne, we're we're See, cuz this I I face this a lot in theological discussions with people and they say, "Well, how do you prove that in the Bible?" Well, if you use the scriptures Brother Bam gave us, it's easy, right? But most people don't want to use the scripture he gave us because they have an idea. Well, that's for the millennium or that's for a different time or that. But here's a prophet just as Jesus took the Bible in Luke 4 and said, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled." And they said, "My, no way it could be that." You know why? Because they had a lot of traditions and they had a lot of ideas of what that's going to be. But now here's a prophet saying to them this day, this scripture and and I tell you, it's amazing cuz then you know what they done to Jesus? They threw him out head first, brother Mike. Amen. Because they wasn't mad at his feet, they was mad at the head. Amen. And they done the same thing in this Leodysian age. They threw their head out of the church because he's revealing things they don't want to hear because they got all these traditions. Amen. But the message of the hour is a tradition shattering revelation. It is the act that is laid to the root of the tree. It'll shatter the traditions. And if you can accept the the ideas that Brother Brandham brought us, it will not fit your Pentecostal tradition, but it most certainly will fit the Bible. And that's what I'm worried about is matching this Bible. And I've told y'all a bunch of times, and I'll say it again. I am not trying to align myself with any teachers in this message. I am not listening to teachers thinking, I got to line up with this guy or I got to line up with this guy or I got to line up with this guy. I study these messages and that's what I got to line up with is what did William Brandham say about it? Because he is the messenger of that seven seal. Then that's exactly what we need. Amen. We need to come under his revelation of what it was. He was the messenger of the seven seal. And you said, "Brother Wayne, what is the seventh seal?" Well, Revelations 10 is the seventh seal. You can just read it right out. Now the the reason we make it so uh plain to you is because brother Random said remember he said when them angels were coming to me them seven angels were coming he said I said Lord where's the interpretation of this vision and he said it was already written in the scriptures. Yeah. So Revelations 10 was those angels coming to the prophet. Yeah. Now watch what he says here. Amen. Brother Bam says it in paragraph 245 of the seven seal. I'm going to tell you my revelation of it. Amen. He'll say it like this. Go down just a little bit more. He'll say, "Now, as certain as I stand in the platform tonight," that's pretty certain, isn't it? I had the revelation revealed to me, and it's in a three-fold manner. So, did Brother Brandham have the revelation of the seventh seal? Absolutely, he did. Amen. And it was revealed in a three-fold manner. Now, when you say a three-fold manner, you you're studying the message. Go to Christ the mystery and see if there's not a three-fold purpose. What's the first one? Revealing. What's the second one? A preeminence. What's the third one? A change of the body. Okay. Now, the seven seal has a three-fold. Right. Now, when you know it's the coming of the Lord, that answers a bunch because you can also read the events of the coming of the Lord. Amen. If you go down to 1 Thessalonians chapter 4 and you read 1 Thessalonians 4, watch what he said. For we say unto you by the word of the Lord. Now Paul is telling you this is not written somewhere out in the Old Testament, but this is a gathering of what was written and what God has showed me. And I'm telling you by the word of the Lord, by vision. I'm saying that the they which were alive until the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which sleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven. Now you're Bible readers. How many knows the Bible said the Lord is that spirit? And where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. So the Lord himself is a what? Spirit. Amen. The Lord himself, the spirit would, he said, descend from heaven with a shout. And how many knows that's the message? Now, Brother Brandon wasn't the Lord himself. Now, I know there's some deity teachers out there wouldn't like that, but let's just say it by biblically. He wasn't the Lord himself. He was a son of man revealing the son of man. Amen. Do you see what he says then? That there would be a shout, a voice, and a three things. That seven seal will be what? Three things. The rapture is three things. Now, what's the three things? A revealing. The shout is the revealing of the son of man. The voice is that revelation in you. Yeah. You say, "Where are we in scripture, brother Wayne?" And you're right there. You're the voice of 1 Thessalonians chapter 4. When I can't position you as a Leodysian, I have to place you as a voice of resurrection. You said, "Preacher, what are you talking about?" Amen. Y'all know the age of ignorance is over, right? He stood up, took the book, and the age of interceding for ignorance is over. Come on. We have moved from an age of ignorance to an age of blindness. Today, people are not ignorant. They're blind because it's been revealed. Amen. We can stand right here and show it in the Bible. So, we are no longer ignorant of the things of God, but there are people blinded to the things of God, but those fit in a leodyian Pentecostal age, but that bride has been elevated by a prophet in the first Thessalonians 4. And she is now the voice of the archangel. She is the voice of God. Amen. Oh, God. Hallelujah. She is the voice of God. You know that's how that angel's with you. Don't you don't you know the angel that brought this message stays with this message. He accompanies this message always. That's why that angel is here in this building this morning. This message is still the word of God. It's not just a man's idea. It's the word of God. Amen. And there is an angel that accompanies this message. It's the coming of the Lord. Now watch in Matthew 24. He'll say the same thing. As lightning cometh out of the east and shineth unto the west, so shall the coming of the son of man be. For wheresoever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered. Isn't it amazing? If you if you place 1 Thessalonians 4 and Matthew 24 together, both of them have a coming. Both of them have a gathering. The eagles will be gathered. And in 1 Thessalonians 4, it says a shout. But brother Bam said that's the gathering of the bride under his message. So what you're looking at is let's go back to 1 Thessalonians 4 and verse 15. for them that remain until the coming of the Lord. The seventh seal is the coming of the Lord. And watch what he says. And then in Matthew 24, the coming of the son of man. Now that word, I hope I don't scare you to death, but that word is actually paracia. Now, I know there's some scarecrows around that word, but you know what brother Bram said about scarecrows, don't you? He said that's where the best fruit is. It's behind the scarecrow. Now you now somebody said, "Well, brother Wayne, what are you talking about? Let's read Feast of Trumpets." And Brother Ram says, "Look now unless you're constantly in the word." He says, "Now the foolish and unwise won't know this, but they but they shall know their God." He said, "Now people, he shall appear in the last days to bring the people back to the word. So the bride will know her husband, the revealed word." Who's your husband? The revealed word. That's why this has to happen. See, it wasn't reformers in Luther, Wesley, and the Pentecostals. Scripture says it wasn't, but it will come. That is the promise for this age. We are living in the age coming will be in. Now, he's not talking about the coming of the literal body. He's talking about the coming of the revealed word, which is your mate. I don't think anybody in here, Amen, would argue to the fact that the bride's going to meet a corporal body of Jesus Christ. Is there anybody that don't believe that? That's exactly when you preach like this. Somebody said, "Well, I don't even believe in a literal body." You know what that's called? Amen. That's that's called an art of of debate. And they they build themselves an invisible person that preaches part and this and that. And then they make anybody that says something like that, well, that's who you are. So, it's a it's it's a way to buffalo you or intimidate you away from the realities of what a rough taught. But I ain't scared. I ain't scared. God did not give me the spirit of fear, but the spirit of revelation and wisdom that we might be able to see him and know him in his presence in this age. Amen. Now, that word coming there is paracia. Amen. Now, there's a lot of people pronounce it differently, but but it's spelled the fenic spelling is paracia. And I ain't even Greek. And I that that's a southern language. Y'all know that. A southern boy, a Greek theologian. Thank God for Google. I just done a small word study on the word paracia. All right. Not in relation with with the message, just in relation with how it's used in scripture. And I just read you two. If you were reading it, it say them which were alive and remained unto the paracea of the Lord. And then in Matthew 24, it would read, "Amen. In the days of the paraca of the son of man." Yeah. So the word paraca, Amen. Now listen to this. While there is no direct Hebrew equivalent, the concept means a divine visit. A visitation, a presence that can be related to a term meaning arrival or the face or the presence. Yeah. In its usage, it means it conveys the idea of an arrival that brings significant change and fulfillment. Come on, church. Has had did did we see significant change and fulfillment? That's exactly what this message brought was change and fulfillment. Amen. Do you see I'm not done. This is amazing. This is the help words of studies. This is just somebody put together a definition of Greek to help guys like me. Amen. And it says it means to be present or to arrive into a situation. It means properly coming, especially the arrival of the owner who alone can deal with a situation. Yeah. Yeah, there's only one person could deal with this situation that we're in. There was one kinsman and his name was Jesus Christ. Parisa is not about William Brandham. It's about the unseen one on the stage with him that he was introducing because paracia also means a long side of. It's invisible, but he's alongside of. And brother Bam kept telling you, there's somebody here that you can't see. But there's a man here that can turn on the lights. I'm not the one creating squirrels. I'm not the one doing this, but he is here. And I say this this morning, he's still here. He's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he's alongside the church right now. He said, "I will never leave you, but I will be with you, alongside you, but if so, inside you until the last days." Amen. It means the arrival of the owner who alone can deal with the situation. Oh, I was so glad he came. There was situations that needed dealt with and he came. Now, now the next one says it like this. Amen. Parisa. It's a technical term with a references to the visit of a king or some other official. It means a royal visitation. Hallelujah. Amen. The one that came that could only deal with our situation happened to be the king of kings. The king has been among us. Why did brother Brandham say that was the king's sword that came into his hands? Unless the king was the one that gave it to him. Come on, church. We're talking about adoption this morning. We're talking about Esther going into the royal place and receiving the royal uh what would you call it? A royal scepter in her hand. Amen. What was it? It happened on the third day, didn't it? Amen. She was fasting and mourning and and and ashes all over her. But when she got ready to go into there, amen. She took off her robes of mourning and she took off her ashes and she restored them with a joy and put on a beautiful garment and walked into the presence of the king. I say this morning that the days of mourning is over. John, don't you weep. There's the lion. The tribe of Judah hath revealed this word to you. There's no reason for this bride to glory. I'm moaning and complaining. Lord, do something. Lord, help us do something. He has done something. He has descended into this age to break every curse, to break every spell, to destroy every devil that works against you. Oh yes, sir. Perise is the same word used in second Thessalonians when the Bible said, "He shall destroy him. The works of the devil he shall destroy by the brightness of his paracia, by the brightness of his coming." Amen. Come on, church. Amen. Y'all y'all y'all know all about this a tent vision brother banam had. You know all about it. And you know Moses had one too, didn't he? Yeah. Amen. Two great prophets. Nobody like Moses. They ain't nobody like this prophet either. God speaks lift to ear with him. Amen. Do you know Moses went on a mountain and a cloud descended and he got a tent vision? Isn't it something that this prophet Amen went on a mountain and a cloud descended and he come out with a tent vision? Amen. I tell you what, there's three phases to the tent Moses had, isn't there? And there's a light forever phase. That light on the outside was sun and moon. No, no, no consistency. Amen. Go in the next veil and it was seven candlesticks and they would get low and go out, but you go into that next room in that little room and there was the word in the pillar of fire and it was a consistent thing. It wasn't up and down and in and out. It stayed the same. Listen, when William Brandon came here, he didn't say he was bringing Pentecostal light or Baptist light or church of Christ light. He said, "I'm bringing Messiah light." There is a light. Shalom, church. There's a light that's been turned on in this little room. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Ever wondered why a prophet teaches about a about a tent? It's a gathering place, isn't it? Amen. Isn't a tent a place to gather? And where was he going to gather you if he took you out of every denomination? He brought people out of this one and this one and this one, this one, where they going to go? God showed him, I'll give you a tent. I'll give you a place to put them. I'll give you and it's a spiritual tent. Amen. But it's the place where the bride will gather, but in that tent is private room. Come on. That's your soul. Every one of you is an individual in this third pool. You might be under the umbrella of the third pool, but you got a soul and only you and God can meditate in that place. That's why brother Bam said the angel said you can't teach supernatural things to Pentecostal babies. They don't understand it. They don't know that this third pull has the power to change people and you can't explain it. Hallelujah. I hope I'm not just preaching too much. I hope I don't scatter my thought on you. Amen. But brother saw him, didn't he? He saw him go in and come out changed. Yeah. Yeah. And somebody said, "What happened?" She said, "I don't know. I don't know what happened." And some of you have not yet been able to explain what happened to your life. You can't explain it. Something happened and you don't know what happened. I tell you what happened. You got in that angel in that little room and that light came over it and there was change happened because in that room, brother Roman, that's where that Aaron's robotic and that's where the bride is really going to bud is under the teaching of this third pool. It's the revival that'll break open in the church and it'll make a dry stick into a stick that's full of life and building forth the yielding fruits of God. Hallelujah. I don't want to get too far sidetracked on that, but it literally means paracia literally means one beside you. Yeah. It means a personal presence. Yes, sir. Now, in Luke 17, I want you to watch the 30th verse. Now, brother Ray has taught on these two words. I know some of you probably familiar with it. Luke 17 and30. Now, Matthew 24, y'all know is speaking of brother Bram's ministry. Yeah. The coming of the son of man. Yeah. In Luke 17:30, it uses a different word and says, "The son of man is revealed." And that word revealed is apocalyptto. It means to uncover or to disclose. It's the Hebrew equivalent meaning to reveal. Its usage of course, amen, is given, let me just give you the short answer. It means to reveal that which is hidden or obstructed, especially in an inner makeup. See, to make plain that which is invisible. So you have the coming of the son of man, but without the revealing of the son of man, how do you know he's here? So what a prophet was doing was revealing the unseen one to the church. And he was making you believe what you couldn't see by your faith. He taught us faith is a six sense. And he said it'll make you declare things. You can't taste it, smell it, feel it, or hear it, but you'll believe it. How'd he do that? He'd say something like this. There's a lot hanging over your head. And when you were four years old, you got bit by a dog and you were wearing a checkered dress and your mom took you to the doctor and this and this happened and you're still surfing with nervousness and this. Do you believe he's here? Amen. Hallelujah. He said, "I didn't know that about you. And if I could tell you what your past was, couldn't I tell you about your future?" And he'd turn around and say, "I see you." Well, you know what brother Ram said? He said, "A lot of people didn't stay long enough for the future." He said, "They just got the they got the discernment, but they didn't stay long enough for the next vision to break. So, they stayed in the second part and they got under the inspiration of what was wrong with them, but they never stayed around for the answer." And I'll tell you this, the second pull discerned a lot of things, but the third pull is the heart of God telling you the future of this bride. Amen. That's why stay around to the end of the message. It is the future home. Don't quit reading. Amen. In 1962, keep reading on. Amen. It turns into a rapture and a future home for the church of the living God. This message means more than prayer lines. I love prayer lines. Y'all know me. It means more than that. It means more than shouting. It is the changing of our body and will take us to another dimension. And I'll say this, if you can change a body without shouting, God bless you. I don't think I can. I don't think I can. Brother Ray will be talking in tongues all the way there. I guarantee you. Look him up in the meet and air and he'll be talking in tongues. Come on. You think I'm kidding? I don't I don't really think so. And I'll be dancing. Amen. Now, that seven seal has three parts and and you can just here's the revelation. It has three parts. It's a shout, a voice, and a trump. A shout, voice, and trump. Now, there's a there's when the seven seal opens, there's a space of half an hour, right? Lots of ideas on that half hour. I don't have anything to offer you because I don't have any authority on it. But I will tell you this, the great revelation of it is it's a span of time. And if you ever catch that, the coming of the Lord is a span of time. Didn't it happen that way in his first coming? Was about 33 years of it. Yeah. Amen. It wasn't in the blink of an eye such as is what we have traditionally thought, but it's a span of So, the seven seal is a span of time. And thank God it was because there's a lot of us would have never got it had it been quicker. I wouldn't have caught it cuz I'm still catching things. The seven seal is a span of time. The the seven seal is composed of many events. Right? It's a Roman candle going off. So, there's events surrounding the seven seal. So, don't get don't get thrown away that it's just one thing. There's a lot of events accumulating around that seven seal. Amen. Now, definitive statements, we can make them. The seven seal is the king's sword, right? It's the word opened. Because when brother caught the sword, it wasn't a sword sheaved. It was a sword open. So, it's a revealed word. The seventh seal, it is the third pull. Now, that's a hard one because we know the third pull has specifically to do with William Brandham's ministry. Yes, sir. And the third pull is the seven seal. The third pull is the tent vision. Yeah. You wondered all these years, what's the tent vision? And there's people has put tradition all over that to hide it from the reality that the tent vision is the seven seal coming into the bride. A place see a place to gather you. Where was he going to take you if he took you out of all those churches? Not everybody was going to move to Jeffersonville because brother Brandham himself wasn't staying there. That's right. But he had to have something corporate that he could put over the church, a gathering under his ministry, but there would have to be a little room in every individual gathering in that tent. I I it it's there. The seventh seal, it is the coming of the Lord. The seventh seal, it's the headstone capping the pyramid. Yeah. The seventh seal, and this one I really, really, really, really like, is the fulfillment of Revelations 10. See, it's a three-fold message. Now, in the rapture, I'll read it for you. Amen. Three things happen. A shout, a voice, a trumpet, and Jesus does all three in his descending. Now, a shout is the message going forth the living bread of life, bringing forth a bride. Now, God has a way of doing things. He never changes. his unchanging way. In Amos 3:7, he says he would do nothing without revealing it to a prophet. Now, can I say it plain? Let's say it real plain. Let's read the Bible plain. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with the message of William Brandham. Now, if you still haven't got them thunders sounding, you can't read it like that because it's still a symbol called shout. But when the thunder sounded, it revealed the reality of the symbol which now lets us know what the first horse rider that white horse is an antichrist. We can say it that that fourth horse, oh that's the pale horse, that's the confusion that's coming from a conglomeration of demons, political power, religious power. We we can spout it right off. But what about that shout? Say that without the symbol. It's the message of Brother Bam. But that next one right there, but the voice, oh my goodness, that includes you. You know, you know it's harder to preach it with you in it. Right. Oh, let brother Ram do it. Now, y'all heard the story about the pastor that pushed the pushed the wheelbarrow over the log. Everybody said he walked across the log, said, "Do y'all believe I can do it?" Everybody said, "Yeah, you can do it." So he went and got a wheelbarrow, said, "Y'all believe I can push this wheelbarrow across this log." And they said, "You can do it." Two times God, Brother Bam tells this and uh humble thyself. But the third time, watch what he does. He says, "But then the pastor says, "Can I put you in the wheelbarrow and push it across the log?" See, the third pull is the one with you in it. The third pull is the thing brother Brandham is announcing. I'm leaving. He's telling you, I'm leaving. But the third pull is here. What's he done? He's introduced you to something that he can now leave and know you're still going to get in the resurrection. He knows you're still going to make it because what he has brought is not going to leave the church until she's changed. It's in Luke 24. You can read it. Jesus stayed with them an entire six-hour journey. And he didn't leave them till they got it. And he's not going to leave you till you got it. And if you start acting like you're not going to get it, he's going to call your name. I love how Brother Ram does it. Don't you? He says, and and he's preaching all of a sudden he calls somebody's name, said she was about to miss it. He don't want you to miss this. So he called your name. See, a shout is the message. Now, if said plain, it then shows you that the order of events in 1962 into the spring of 1963 was the coming of those angels to brother Brandham. When something struck his hand, it was a sword. Now, that sword was the word coming to a prophet. I'm going to let that sink in a minute. The word, let's just say it together. The word word coming to a prophet. That's the sword in the hand of brother Brandham. That is the third pull. The word coming to a prophet. Now I'll just read it. Brother Brandham says when I saw that tent, this is seven seal. When I saw that tent, he says that that pillar fire, remember it went over that and he said it went over that box and it whirled away from me like that and went over that tent and he said I'll meet you there. Right? And he said this will be the third pull I meeting you there will be. Look at that will be the next sentence. He says and in Sabino Canyon he said this is six years ago it will be in Sabino he said this is what was it? The sword coming into his hand was changing it from will be to is. It was changing it for Sunday till it is. It was moving the bride into a dispensational change that was moving her out of a Pentecostal age. Now, I'm not talking about the Acts 2 Pentecost. I'm talking about the 1906 Pentecost. Amen. I'm talking about moving you out of the shuck into the original seed word that was given upon it. I've always said this cuz anybody that's against the move of God, they always love them areas, you know. It's out of that Pentecostal stuff, you know. Well, not all of Pentecost was bad, folks. It almost looked exactly like the seed. Matter of fact, it was the same life. So everything good in Pentecost is in this bride. We didn't leave the gifts in the shuck. We didn't leave the power of God in the shock. Come on, church. The shuck had no inheritance in the life. It just passed through them. But this bride didn't just get a gift. They got the whole giver and we own the whole thing. Hallelujah. That's like saying that you could get a pack of grapes from a woman can get a pack of grapes off of her husband's grape while they're while they're dating, but when she gets married now, she can't get no grapes. [Music] Come on. We're not just getting grapes and we're not just carrying grapes out of the promised land saying, "Hey, we own the thing." [Music] The full inheritance is upon the church. It's the sword in the hand. It was a royal visit to change the situation. You know how they, you know, how they kn a knight in in the old days of kings, you know how they did it? They took their sword and they kned them. Yeah. And that's exactly what God done with William Brandom. He adopted him. Come on, church. There was a Jordan River and there's an Ohio River. And the pillar fire came down on both of them. But there's a Mount Transfiguration, but there's a Mount Sunset. And the Sunset Mountain, the same thing going on in Mount Transfiguration's going on on Mount Sunset. It's a glorification of Jesus Christ, but in the bride body. adoption, not in the son, but in the body. Hallelujah. He walked off of that mountain as an adopted son to bring many of you unto adoption. To speak with authority, to put in your hand the great revealed word that you wouldn't behind in no gift or you would be behind in nothing. The third pull is the opening of them seven seals. Now, I'm driving these definitive statements so you can catch it. The third pull is the opening of them seven seals. Somebody said, "Brother Wayne, what's the third pull?" The opening of the seven seals. That's right. There's events surrounding it. Brother Brandham tells us about the creation by spoken word. He tells us of souls that are in prison. Remember? And he tells us it's the opening of the word. Now, the first two pulls come to him in cave in 1947. Remember it was the sign in the hand. Amen. And it was the reading of the heart. But the third came to him in vision in 1955 and told him his tent vision would be like a fishing expedition. Yeah. And that he would be casting for a big fish, a trophy trout. I like to say a trophy wife. One who had all the colors. She'd wear that favorable road of Joseph and she would be identified as the favored one. It's no accident William Brandom caught the world record rainbow on a little hook. The third pull of course came to him by vision and it was called the tent vision. Five different manifestations were told to us out of look away to Jesus in 1963. And he tells us about the squirrels being created. He tells us about how he write. He tells us about the tumor that was spoken away. He tells us about the fish. And then he tells us about the storm that was spoken away. So, five different manifestations. Now, now I I'm telling you that for a reason because some people are looking for this that they can go out and speak the word every day of their life, you know, and they be gone and uh I call fire on you and I give you a car and I give you this and I give you that and I do this and Well, it's good for a service for some hype, but Come on. It's not very true [Music] when I say that is that five times in the prophet who brought it. So you got to realize that it's a very sacred thing. It's a it's an interaction. Now that third pull is the opening of the word. Now don't don't let me don't let me u make you think I'm ridiculing somebody speaking a word because I believe in that. Don't don't don't make me think that. But I've seen people misuse it to where they make it like a It's like, come on, man. Name it, claim it. You know, charismatics. Uh, the third pull is the opening of the word. And there's no higher order. Reveal that. Now, now, Brother Bam, I'm home, ain't I? Can I Can I just Can I just preach to you? Now, when Brother Bam gets caught up in this cloud, do how many knows he was literally caught up into the angels? Right? And when he's talking to you about it, he takes you back to the tent vision. He said, "Remember I was lifted up." And then there in Sabino, he said, "That sword coming would be the third pole." He said, "And when the angels came on Mount Sunset, remember what he said? I was lifted up into them." Yeah. He was lifted up to them. Now, I I don't want to um You got that picture of that cloud sunset? I don't want you to to um uh I don't want to I don't want to confuse you, but I want to show you something I think I think is very powerful. But if you watch the stature of the perfect man and you see the seven steps, right? Sure. Remember just between the capstone Yeah. and the seven step, there was a a line called the Holy Ghost. Remember, Brother Bam drew it in there and it was what connected the two together. Do you know that represents the Jordan River? Yeah. So, if you laid down the pyramid of the statue of perfect man and you were walking as a map, when you got just before the capstone, you're going to have to take a leap over the Jordan. And then you would be in the promises. You wouldn't be in the journey getting there. You would be in it. And that right there is the capping of that pyramid which is Christ. So, Brother Brandham was lifted up, y'all. I forgive me. I I got a lot to a lot of quotes to back it, but I ain't got time to preach them. But, Brother Brandham is lifted up into this consolation. Do you Do you see what he's doing? He's going into the mind of God. He's because what you're supposed to be has been hid with that book from the time of Adam and nobody knows how to tell you what to be. Yeah, but here's a prophet going up into the headship of Christ. Now, in 1963 and 1964, he only talks about the angels. That's all he's talking about. It's the angels. The angels, the angels. But in 1965, he turns a picture to the right in the rising of the sun. He said the unfolding of the revelation, it's our Lord up there. And there he is. He said, there he is, his beard, his eyes. So there was there was seven angels but they were framing the face of somebody. Now that picture is how many knows that it's the picture of Daniel the 7th chapter the ancient of days. It's also the picture of what you read in Revelation chapter 1 and his hair was white like wool. It's also a picture of Revelations the 10th chapter when you read a mighty angel comes down out of heaven. Yeah. Now, that mighty angel that comes down, now let's talk about that a minute. The mighty angel that comes down out of heaven. Now, when brother Bram talks about that, he says he comes down out of heaven, he's a mighty angel, which makes you think that he's just an angel. But when you start listening to the prophet, he says, but look, he is a covenant angel. And look, when he comes in Revelations 10, he's coming with a book open in his hand. Now, that book that he has open in his hand is the same book that was in Revelations the 5th chapter that when John saw it, he said it was sealed with seven seals. But now in Revelations 10, he sees one who has that book in his hand and there's no seals on it, right? And he's coming to give that book to somebody. It's the seventh angel is on the earth at the time of this coming. And and brother Bam takes Revelation 10. He says, "Who is it?" He said, "Only Christ." It could be. Who else could hold that book? The covenant angel, Christ. He was the only one. He's the only one that could take the book. He's the only one to hold the book. He was the only one that could give the book. Brother Bam said, "There he stands tonight with a book in his hand. It's up to him who he's going to reveal it to." Now, now, now watch this because I I found a little something and since I've been home, I'm just going to share it. And you don't like it, it's okay with me. Amen. But but you but brother Bham says and you'll remember this there's two seven seals, right? There's the one he preached on that Sunday night and then Monday morning he recorded a version and took out part of the Sunday night and in put in Monday morning's version in his place. So I'm going to read to you two different places. And on the Sunday night portion he talks about he talks about how when those angels came to him that he was actually caught up into them. And he said remember them. He says, "Now you see, we're standing like this, and I was standing there watching, and the first bunch of them little birds, see their feathers beat down. Do you remember? They flew eastward. The second bunch brighter and brighter, and they they pointed their wings and they flew eastward." That was the first pull. Then the second pull, he said, "But then it was angels." Right? See, birds represented in first two. But the third was angels coming to the prophet. Yeah. And when he picks it up, he says it like this. I was standing right there explosion and I was looking and toward the west and they come and pick me up there and I went out of my knowing and the one of them coming was the one that looked strange to me and he on my left when I entered the consolation by the counting of left to right it would have been the seventh one coming across. He looked strange to him. It was notable and he was coming across. But let me read you the another portion of this from the other part of the seventh seal describing the same thing. That angel was to my left would be really the last the seventh angel counting from left to right he was on the left looking towards the west coming towards the west he would be on the left side so that would have been the last angel's message notable see you remember how I said it kind of his head back there his great sharp wings and how he flew right to me that is the seventh seal Yeah. Well, if you've been reading it as long as I've been reading it and missed it as many times as I missed it, let me read it to you again. And that angel flew right to me. That is the seventh seal. What was it doing? It was bringing the revelation of the word. I've asked the question a hundred times. Who was that angel? only Christ. It could be. It was God in angelic form delivering the message of the the message that we read. Preacher, what are you doing? I'm trying to get to you. What you're reading in this message isn't brother Brandham's opinion. It isn't just good theology. It's the word of the Lord. It's God coming to the church for the resurrection and rapture of this bride. Somebody said, "Well, amen. I don't want Brother Bam's opinions." The other day, I got to look at that and I thought, "You know what? Amen. Some of these opinions." Amen. But opinions are formed, aren't they? Aren't opinions formed? And they're usually formed by your influences and who's around you. And I thought, "Well, Brother Bram stays with that angel all the time. I think I'll take his opinion." So, I got to reading about opinions. You know what I found out? I found out that when the Supreme Court judge, when the Supreme Court makes a ruling, they call it an opinion. Yeah. So it matters who opinion it is. If it's the opinion of the Supreme Court, it's an absolute. And if it's the opinion of a prophet, it's more than just an opinion. It's something that God has given this generation. That we would not be confused. That we would come into the presence of the voice of the resurrection. I say something this morning. Amen. Sure, they could look at them church ages and say, "Oh, can these bones live?" But I say this son of man, he prophesied over this generation. And I'll say, can if I can, if I can just just say it to you very carefully, let me say it like this. This is not something you're going to fast your way into. [Applause] Amen. You couldn't fast that seven seal open. You couldn't pray that seven seal open. The part you're to play had to be gifted to you by the word coming to a prophet. That's why it's grace. Grace under the headstone. The greatest thing that ever happened in your life was when God came to you with this message and you just simply said, "I believe it. I trust in it. I believe it." What is it? It's It's tradition shattering. It's going to knock away all of those things off of your life that you might be able to be free. That you might be able to be gathered into his realm. What did he send this message to do? To call you the bride. He sent this message to gather you. The first thing comes is a gathering of this message. That's right. It's a gathering in just like a man gathers fish into the boat. A prophet gathered you into the bride. It was the third bull that did that for you. It was God coming to a prophet that did that to you. My when I think about this, well, brother Wayne, someday something's going to happen and it's going to gather us. The inspiration is here this morning together this church into the bride of Christ to the elected of God. God is calling. He's calling you out of every unbelief. He's calling you out of every veil and every tradition and every idea of man. Oh, come on, church. For years. For years. Amen. I I I don't have the ability to do this because I'm holding a I'm holding a I'm holding a uh mic as well. Come here a minute, buddy. Come here, brother Jacob. For years, this book, amen, was being held and it was like this. And it was under a veil. For years, it was under a veil. But in 1963, God took the veil off of it. But people that didn't want to believe it, a veil come upon them. And you're looking at it and he can't see it. But it's the obscurity of a veil. I say we take the obscurity away from this message. Amen. And begin to preach it without fear or failure. I don't care what the Baptist believe. I don't care what the Pentecostals believe. What does the Bible say about the hour we're living in? I'll tell you what it says. We've had a royal visit. We've had a visit from the King. He's come among us this morning to make to make an Esther out of you in authority and in power and in reality. It's more, sister Mariah. It's more than just our Christian experience of I prayed and I did this and I studied that and I this. This is the coming of the Lord. It's the rapture of the church. Hallelujah. It's the changing of our bodies. [Applause] It's more than that. Amen. That don't mean we're cutting away with a with a with a church. And that's not what that means. It means don't you put your heart in that. Jesus said, "Well, I tell you what, if I could just be a better person, if I I" And you just work yourself up and you get so frantic and you just and and and come on, church. What was it? What was that little room about? It was about resting. It was resting. And that's exactly what Ruth was commanded to do was you rest because he won't rest because he is the one that's marrying you. This is not you marrying him. He's marrying you. Come on church. You ran and he ran you down and you tried to hide and he uncovered you and brought you to him and you can't shake loose of him. Can Can I Can I just Can I be old hillbilly and say it to you the way I see it? God went fishing with this message. And he caught you, Brother Daryl. Now, that's the beauty, ain't it? Y'all tell me this. What fish ever caught a fisherman? Right. What dead man ever raised itself? What fish ever caught a fisherman? There ain't none. But that fisherman knows how to catch that fish. And our Lord is the great fisherman. And the Bible says he's never lost one of them. And if he ever puts a hook in you, he knows how to hold you. He knows how to hold you by the power of God. He knows how to hold you in your trials, in your temptations. [Applause] I fish a little myself and I have lost a big fish or two, but the older I got, the more I learned. And we hooked into them salmon up there. I don't know where brother Mark is. Brother Mark and Brother Troy and Brother Brian. Y'all fish with them things of they're in the river and got current and and you can you can use all you can use a little bitty hook and 17lb leader that ties into it. Well, if you get to if you get to cranking hard on that fish, you'll lose it. And I think me and Zach hooked five and caught one the first time we went. And I said, "Zack, we got we got to do it different. Something ain't something ain't working." About the second time we went, we hook six and caught five. But we learned loosen that drag a little. Let that thing run and when it and when it wears out, it'll come in easier. You You got a You got a hold of it. Why get in a hurry? Why get in a hurry? You got a hold of it. And you know that's exactly what God's done to you. He hooked you with this message and he just loosened the drag and you think, "Well, I got my own free will. I'll go do this and I'll go do that." He just lets the drag off a little bit and a little bit later you'll get tired and he'll just start cranking you back. Yes, sir. Amen. He never lost you. You've never been off of the hook. You've never been off of the hook. He hooked you. And I say this morning, it's not what I did. It's what he hooked into me. And he won't let me go. And someday he's going to take us in the rapture. He's going to gather us in his home. Stand to your feet with me this morning. This is the collected body of the bride of Jesus Christ. Do you love him this morning? No, he ain't losing you. He ain't losing you. No, he hooked into you. Glory. We just use them old single hooks, you know. He got the three-pronged ones. He didn't just hook you with one point. He got three in you. Hallelujah. Do you see? You've been claimed. Amen. You've been captured. You've been collected. Yes. Right. That's why the Bible says that the rapture is a snatching. It's the actual Greek word. It means to be snatched, right? To be kidnapped, how do you kidnap your own kid? Ah, then it's not illegal. Do you see the more you look at you, there's where your revival went, where your joy went. Right. And the more you think, well, if I could do this, then I would and if I could and well, just like this, that's true. The moment you turn and look what he done, what he done, how many's here the morning I was preaching on those pardons? You remember that? And I mentioned Joe Biden. The whole church froze up. They thought, "What can he say good about this guy?" And I said, "But it was preemptive pardon, right?" Remember that? Well, our buddy, Mr. Trump, just done something this week. You know what he did? He took a lady that had been a life sentence in prison and he he he gave her a shortened sentence, but later he gave her a full pardon. And just yesterday he announced she's now our pardons zar. So a woman that used to be a prisoner is now in charge of handing out pardons. G. I thought oh Jesus. I needed one. And now I'm looking for people to give them to. Won't you receive it this morning? Yes, there's no limit on the amount of that we can give out today, friends. What an amazing God. What amazing God, brother Ben. My God is awome. He can move the mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the [Music] rain. My God is awome. Heal me when I'm broken. I [Music] am. My God is [Music] awome. Awome. Awome. Awome. My God is awesome. He's so awome. [Music] Awome. Awome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation by his stripes are healed. My God is awome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I live. Praise his holy name. My God is awome. Yes. [Music] [Applause] Oh my God is [Music] awome. He's so awome. He's awome. Awome. My God is awome. He can move [Applause] [Music] me. Hallelujah. My God, you're awesome. Hallelujah. [Music] My God is awesome. [Music] Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. My God is awome. He's [Music] [Applause] Oh, heat,
