################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-28 - Convention 2025  28 December 2025  EL Tabernacle LIVE Broadcast - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-28
Title:   Convention 2025 | 28 December 2025 | EL Tabernacle LIVE Broadcast
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  EL Tabernacle Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3329vGBswhk
========================================

Description:
Don`t forget to subscribe to the Storehouse for this and all other services.

https://storehouse.eltabernacle.co.za
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
talking. Hey Heat. Heat. Father, we shall in heaven. Although come, thy will be God as it is in heaven. Give us this name. our day. We pray. And forive us our debt as we forive our debts. and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil is the king and the Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Let me hear you shout hallelujah. Oh church, let me hear you shout hallelujah. Hosana. Hosana. Oh, let me see you give God a sh this morning. Oh, he's worthy and wonderful. Oh, he deserves the glory and the honor. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you happy this morning, saints? Are you happy this morning, saints? &gt;&gt; Oh, can we give the the Lord a Shabbat this morning? &gt;&gt; Just one more time, let's give him a Shabbat. Are you under expectation &gt;&gt; musicians? Put your hands together this morning. him. &gt;&gt; Oh, come on now church. You can do better than that. Let's put our hands together. Oh Jesus. is he has such great I know he goes on my Bum bums are running. Bum bums are running. Bum bums are running. I will sing. Why don't &gt;&gt; you join and sing it with us? I know all the prayer bombs I see the Lord of the Lord. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh church, can I hear you make a show this morning? Don't be left behind. I know you do. You do. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. We have a mer. One more. Oh yeah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah, church. Oh, hallelujah. We've come to the end of the convention. Let's give our best worship. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Can all the baptism candidates go to the foyer this morning? As we bow our heads, we close our eyes. Brother Dominic, won't you come forward and open the Lord's service this morning? Brother Dominic from Cape Town, would you kindly come forward and open the Lord's service? Are you still happy this morning, saints? Can somebody shout Jesus? &gt;&gt; Jesus. &gt;&gt; Jesus. &gt;&gt; Jesus. &gt;&gt; Ju. &gt;&gt; Just bow our hands as we close our eyes. Our heavenly father, great God, King Jehovah, it's a privilege this morning, Lord, to bow before your greatness. Speak about your goodness, Lord, for all that you have done for us, Lord. You are mighty in all your works. You are great. You are powerful, Lord. Lord, you have given us everything. Everything you have given unto us, Lord. As we look for the Lord and we see what you have done for us. Thank you. Thank you our King. Thank you our Lord. Thank you our Savior. Thank you our morning star. The one and only worthy of our worship. The one and only worthy of our praise. Lord Lord. Thank you for our apostle at Gil Rosco. There's none like him. Lord Jesus. There's none like him. Lord Jesus. We thank you for the apostle, Lord. Thank you for the holy man, Lord, of this hour. You have blessed him, Lord. You have blessed us. We're grateful towards you, Father, because there's none like you, Lord. May you bless us as we get it this morning, Father, bowing before your throne, unexpectation, Lord, full of your greatness, what you have done unto us. Thank you, Holy One. Thank you Jehovah Rosco. Thank you for blessing us for being such a great king unto us Lord. It's not like you mighty one. It's not like you Lord Jesus Christ. You have blessed us Lord. You have blessed this ministry. You have blessed with Jesus. Lord oh Lord you have blessed every seed. You have blessed every brother. You have blessed every sister. Oh Lord you have blessed my father. Lord, you have you have blessed the ministers, Father. Lord, thank you for your mighty hand. Lord, we see your hand. Blessed be your holy name, Lord. We shall forever and ever praise your name, Lord. We shall dance. We shall sing, Father, for you. You the worthy one, Lord. You the worthy one, Father. Blessed be your holy name. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you still happy this morning, saints? Why don't you do me a favor? Put a smile on your face and turn to your neighbor and give them a high five and tell them, "It's nice to be here this morning. Just go back. Give somebody a high five and tell them right on this Sunday morning of the love finally for I may see the ghost for Christ worthy. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He might see my Jesus. Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We might see Jesus. &gt;&gt; Jesus. Let me see you put your hands together. What's there? Another one. Oh, let me hear you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Let's sing it one more time. Oh my god. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just one more time. Let's put our hands together. Oh, let me see you this morning. Let's put our hands together. Let's move for the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How do you restore my ins? May our Oh my go are perfect. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yeah. Heat. Hallelujah. Jesus here. Hallelujah. Great. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we give the Lord a shout in this praise? Hallelujah. Oh, he's ready to be praised tonight. Hallelujah. Can we give him praise? Hallelujah. We are to run up and down. Hallelujah. Round and round, up and down. Hallelujah. Oh, he's worthy. He's worthy. He's worthy of our praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As we call on brother Dang from Sakunda, the psalm reading. Hallelujah. Can we give Jehovah another hand of praise? A lovely one. Hallelujah. Did we enjoy the convent? Hallelujah. I can't hear you. El tabernacle. God bless you, saints. Let's open our Bible to Psalm 113. If you have found it, it reads as follow. Praise ye the Lord. Praise all saints of all of the Lord. Praise the L the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord from this time forth and forever. More from the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same. The Lord's name is to be praised. The Lord is high above all nations and his glory above the heavens. who is like unto the Lord our God, who dwelleth on high, who humbled himself to behold the things that are in heaven and in the earth. He raised up the poor out of the dust, and lifted the needy out of the dung hill, that he may set him with princes, even with the princes of his people. He maketh the barren woman to keep house, and to be a joyful mother of children. Praise ye the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. El tabernacle. We can do better than that. Hallelujah. We can do better than that. Hallelujah. Oh, he's worthy. He's worthy. Just wave your hand. Hallelujah. While we prepare ourselves for the elder this morning. Hallelujah. There's nobody like him. Just praise him in your own special way. My way again. Oh father again. Oh father. Oh see. Oh, see again for I Just for there's nobody like you. There's nobody like this. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Just wait. Just wait. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Oh, what is this? I greet each and everyone. In the wonderful name of Jehovah Roose with me. I got some couple thankful hearts and some couple prayer requests with me. You will bear with me. It's too much. The first thankful hearts read as follows. I greet the saints in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We just want to wish brother Dandra a happy birthday as it is birthday today. May the may the Lord bless him and keep him from the autumn family. Greetings saints in the wonderful name of our Lord Savior Jesus King God. I would like to thank the Lord for save for sparing me with another year. Thank you Lord for a year filled with your grace, mercy and love. Please grant me a closer walk with you. Thank you Lord. God bless brother Dandre. God bless saints. I would like just like to thank the apostle for such a wonderful convention. My heart is full of joy. I would also like to thank sister Katy, sister be and sister Gloria for being such a great example to us woman. May the Lord bless you. We truly appreciate you and love you so much your sister in Christ. Lord Almighty God thank you father for all the blessings you provided for this year. What a what a great convention we had. Thank you Lord from sister from brother Dan. I prayed to the God of apostle for my savings to be released. After my prayers after many prayers the Lord made a way. I've received all my monies due to me tax-free. Your brother Maria Johnson from the from the R. Dear saints in Christ, I would like to thank the apostle, the priesthood, the Rosco and Augustine family, the office bearers for a bless and wonderful Christmas convention. I thank the media ben who made it possible for me to be part of the marvelous and anointed meetings to be to God to be all the honored and the glory with much thanksgiving and praise sister Joani USA. I just want to thank the Lord for using brother Claren foster to assist me financially to come to the convention. I pray and thank God for blessing him. Your sister in Christ, sister Guda from Freinda. Greetings in the wonderful name of me and I want to thank God that I came to convention with nothing but God made for me to be here. God bless brother Malvin. God bless saints. I just want to wish my son a happy birthday. It's going to be tomorrow. Douglas Williams, I am so proud that you are a son of the apostle. May God bless you more of the oil. Love and loving loving sister Leandra and sister Leen. I thank for I thank God for this ministry. We are very blessed. Thank you Jehovah Rosco for everything that you and the family has done for me. I pray the same God that bring us here, the same God that take us home. Sister Gabby from Cape Town. Greetings in the wonderful name of Jehovah Rosco. We want to thank God for safe travel and message to the convention. We have only enjoyed one the convention this far. We love and we love the Holy Ghost and all our family in Christ. Thank you our apostle for being bended knees for us. Truly grateful, humble, humbled and blessed. God bless sister Viola and family. God bless you saints. I like to thank God as is our anniversary of 18 years in our marriage. Surely the grace of God has always been faithful to us. Now we are too oiled and filled with the Holy Ghost and we moving on and on. Thank you Lord our God from brother To and sister Manani. God bless saints. Thank you Jehovah Rosco for prayers answered the thanks for safe traveling mercies from sister Gloria Mepe God bless saints we thank for this grace and mercy brother Casey is well all praise to God who cares your brother in Christ cavan thank Jehovah roseo king Jesus for making me come true to the great convention cuz the enemy sat down and done tried to obstruct my plans financially but God in our most made it possible. Brother Charles from Cape Town, the great I greet the saints in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ. Last combined service drive home at around 12 midnight, we were attacked by somebody throwing a brick from the bridge on R8 Muban. The brick damaged the headlight. Thank God it didn't damage the windscreen. No injuries. We arrived safe at home. your brother Sulie Norton. The last the last one. on dear Sat for Mang on anchor and Apostle Ros and on Jesus is Brother Patrick and sister. Let us give the god our hand praise. Now coming to the reverend part the prayer request. God bless sings. I just want to ask for a prayer request for my nephro. He has been using drugs that makes him want to hurt himself and everyone around him. Please pray that the Lord will save his soul and also for my brother Dandra as well for the Lord to save his soul. I believe when the saints pray the Lord will surely make a way. Sister present. God bless saints. I thank the God for min for this ministry. I want the saints to pray for my children for job ruben land and Sharon and may God of aposto bless you. God bless bride of Christ Jehovah Rosco. Please pray for my brothers especially for the youngest who is not feeling well from his operation as for recovering from brother Charles Cape Town. God bless you saints. Can the church kindly kindly pray for my family for the salvation of their souls and kindly pray for me as I'm looking for a permanent job. Amen. Brother Edmund, God bless, beloved bride of God of God. Please pray for my sons Lance and Fernando for permanent job and the favor and mercy of our Lord over their lives and soul. Sister Cindy, God blessings of the living God, please pray for Sister Lynx and Sister Roberts. They are both not well in the body. The enemy keeps making them to get sick in church. But we have got the greatest gift and miss us to to heal them and make them feel well and revive again. God bless from the Cape Town believers. Greetings in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I would like the saints to pray for me as I'm have been trying to apply for furthering my studies for years but always don't get space. I know when the saints pray the Lord will make space for me to study yours in Christ sister Shaun. Greetings saints in the living God. Please remember me in your prayers. I'm sick in the body since 2008. I know when the saints begin to pray, the Lord will will have his way. Your sister in Christ. God bless saints. I would like to like the church to pray for me. My wife is troubling me and she's threatening to divorce me in two weeks time. I pray for the Lord to to intervene. Brother Lea, shalom, saints. I greet you in the in the unfailing name of Jehovah Rosu. I kindly request that the elders and saints pray for me to get a permanent job. I know when the saints pray, the Lord of my apostle make a way. Brother Emilo, God bless saints, I greet you in the in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ. May you please pray for my mom in in order for her promotion to be declared. My colleagues have her colleagues have been progressed but she she she hasn't your prayers will really help. Shalom sister canel. God bless you saints. Please keep me in your prayers that Jehovah Rosco will put a right spirit within me and new heart for the renewing of my strength, zeal and purpose in the works of the Lord. The devil has been attacking my mind. Heaven, please pray for deliverance and and peace after my mind and and life. Amen. Can the elders please pray for sister Kouli from Uington. She has been a tight chest due asthma. Your sister in Christ the God bless saints of the most high. Please pray for brother Ayanda is not feeling well. May God of our apostle heal and deliver him. Your brother in Christ, brother Tabo. I greet greet one, greet everyone in the name of and powerful name of Jehovah Rosco. Please pray for the Golad family for the loss of my of my sister-in-law. Pray for peace and wonder and understanding and comfort. God bless pastor Desmond Kolad from Kuruma. Shalom bride of Jehovah Rosco. Please make a mention of my behalf to the great king, King of Kings. I'm a single male parent of five children. Everything is far apart from our schools, shops and job, even church. I really need a vehicle to get things done. May Jehovah Rosco grant me my heart's desire. Brother William, thank you. God bless saints. We want you to pray for my sister at home. Her eyesight is very weak. I believe when the elders pray, God will make a way for your sister in Christ. God bless. I want to ask the elders to pray for for me for a job. I know when the saints pray, our God will come true. those in Christ. God bless saints. I know you to pray. I want you to pray for the the Joseph family also for the Issach family and the Rosemary family that God will make a way for them from your sister in Christ, your Joseph, sister Joseph from Lordville, Ber Ralph and Ralph and family. Special prayer request for ES for Esther Funk. God bless saints. I want you to pray for me for a job. I know when the elders pray, God will make a way. Your sister in Christ, sister Ivonne from Laval. God bless you saints for the living God. I would like to ask the saints to please pray for me for me in prayer. I'll be proceeding with my studies next year. Please pray for me from brother Ambusy. Greeting in the wonderful name of Lord Jesus Christ. May the saints pray for me for a permanent job. God bless brother Malva. God bless saints. Please pray for my daughter Sharon Rose that that God of my apostle may touch her heart to serve the God of my apostle at Kosu. Brother David, God bless saints. Can can you please the saints pray for my daughter Laura as she's always have random sickness in her body. I believe when the saints begin to pray the Lord will make a way for her. God bless from mommy. This an envelope from brother Ignis. God bless saints. Can you can the elders please pray for the contents of this plastic? Your sister in Christ, sister Clarice, I greet the saints in the wonderful name of Jehovah Rosco. Please pray over the this business documents for God to open up the doors for me. I believe when the saints begin to pray, God will make a way. God bless brother your brother in Christ as you have something in your heart by raising of your hand you s need in your God wants. as we pray. Mighty conqueror, Jesus Christ, the one who does not fail, the one who's always with us, the one who died on a cross for us in order Jehovah Rosco to stand for us. Lord, we come before you because you are the eternal God. Father, we love you so much. We appreciate you so much, Lord. because you are a king of kings, the prince of peace, the lily of the valley. Father, as we come before you, we this morning with humbleness and respect from us, Lord, there's a prayerful heart, Lord, that been written by your people, Father, by your children, Father, to thank you, Father, for everything that you have done for them, Lord. As we're facing down this morning to the ground, Father Lord, the ground that we are coming from, Lord, we lift our hands unto you, so that Father, we can repent, Father Lord. We lift our hands unto you, Father, to give you our hearts, Father, this morning. We say, Father, yes, Lord, yes. Yes, Lord. Yes. Use us, Father, for your kingdom's sake, my Father. And thank you, Father, for everything that you have done for us for this convention, Lord. Lord, this is a prayer request. Father, Lord, your children, Father, has been for heartbroken. Lord, because the devil have stolen everything from them, my king, this morning, devil, you have lost the begging, Father, yesterday, because someone preached here, Father, and freed us, Father, from everything. Father Lord, we thank you, Father, that God can speak to God, my father Lord. We thank you father lord have said father lord for go desert in this house father lord apos lord who standing for everything for in this for this church my father we thank you father for him lord that he has made a way for us my king therefore for that devil you have lost for father you have freed father from yesterday and there is nothing for again took from us anymore my king father we love you so much father lord We thank you for it for everything that you have done for us. We thank you so much Lord. We thank you be with your children for that you read their prayer request my father open the door for them my king so that everything for that you have heard for that year Lord when they go home for the lord everything that you have heard today father the lord and this convention father must come to pass my king we thank you we love and appreciate you not forgetting our apostle at k roco lord the one who brought us together my father lord we bless here have him breaking we thank you so much Lord we thank you. We thank you father. We thank you. We love and appreciate you in Jesus name God. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. He's still a miracle worker. Do we believe he this morning? El tabernacle. He's still a promise keeper. Do we believe it this morning? Hallelujah. Oh, he's worthy. Can we give the Lord a marvelous hand of praise? Can we give him a shout? Hallelujah. Oh, he's worthy. I can't hear you. Just stand to your neighbor. Give him a lovely high five. Right where you are, can you just move for the Lord this morning? Let's put our hands together. She go now. Sit on your situ. sit on my situation. Oh my god. Come on this morning. But she go away. You're not going away. again. Oh, now my name God was a horse. Heat. Heat. Let's put our hands together. Morning. Morning. Oh, the glory. Oh yeah. Glory. Oh yeah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we give the Lord a job offering in this? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. We take the comfort of our seats, but don't be too comfortable. Hallelujah. While the trustees collect the tithes of offerings, I want to call on sister Mariam Abbas from Joac for testimony in song. We can give the Lord a wonderful hand of praise. It's not What they say? The atmosphere is changing. Nothing stays the same. Heaven is waiting for the mention of a name. Darkness is fleeing. Burning like a flame, healing the broken by the one we proclaim. Raise it up. Fill the sky. Chains will fall. Mountains move. We lift you high. Speak the name. The name above all other names. Speak the name. The name the wind on waves obey. All of heaven's coming down. Fill the earth with the sound of the name the name of Rosco. Gather all in wonder. Hostages of shame. Miracles unfolding at the mention of your name. Darkness is fleeing. Mercy rain down. Healing waterers flowing as our lips makes the sound. Raise it up. Fill the sky. Chains will fall. Mountains move. We lift you high. Speak the name. The name above all the names. Speak the name. The name the wind and waves obey. All of heaven's coming down. Fill the earth with the sound of the name. The name of Bras. Strongholds are broken. I've been made free. I am forgi. Fear has to leave. Strongholds are broken. I've been made free. I am forgiven. Fear has to live. Your name is healing. Your name is power. Your name is holy. My strong, strong tower, wonderful name. Glorious name, powerful name of our soul. Speak the name. The name above all other names. Speak the name. The name the wind and waves obey. All of heaven's coming down. Fill the earth with the sound of the name. The name of Roscoel. Of the name. The name of Bra. Hallelujah. Can we give this sister a beautiful hand of praise? Oh, he's worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. At this appointed time, I want to call on Sister Linda. Can we give sister Linda a wonderful land of praise this morning? Hallelujah. In the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. When I'm low in spirit, I cried, Lord, lift me up. I want to go higher with thee. But the Lord knows that I can't I can't live off a mountain. He picks out a valley for me. He leads me beside still waterers. &gt;&gt; Somewhere in the valley below. He draws me aside to be and in the valley here is sorrow my soul &gt;&gt; and it dark as a dungeon. And the sun it shall shine. And I question, Lord, why must this be? And the Lord tells, he tells me there is victory in my trials for me. He leads me beside still waterers. &gt;&gt; Somewhere in the valley below. He draws me aside to be his sister and try in the valley. He resto my soul. and sings my soul, my savior died to me. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior guide to thee. How great thou are. How great. &gt;&gt; Can we give the Lord a wonderful hand of praise? Hallelujah. Oh, he's worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. As we call on brother Ni for song testimony. Lord bless. Can we give the brother a wonderful land of praise? There's a sweet, sweet spirit in this place. And I know that it's the spirit of the Lord. There's a sweet expression on each face and I know that it's the presence of the Lord. Oh. Oh. Sweet Holy Spirit, sweet heavenly. stay there right here with us. Oh my, filling us with your love. And for each blessings we lift our hearts in praise. Without a doubt we know that we have been revived. When we shall leave this place, sweet Holy Spirit, sweet Holy Spirit, sweet heavenly love, sweet heaven, stay right here with us. Oh my stay right here with us. Filling us filling us with your love. And for each blessings is for each blessing we lift our hearts. We live our hearts embraced. Without a doubt, we know that we have been we my my my when we shall live this. And with and with our hearts we know that we have been revived when we shall live this day. Oh, don't you want to give him a beautiful hand of praise? Wherever you are, don't you want to give him a beautiful hand of praise? If you don't mind just to stand as we bless the tithes and the offerings. If you all can stand, let's bow our heads and close our eyes. Kind sir, here we are once again to say thank you. Thank you. Thank you for this greater works. Lord, we thank you for the tithes and the offerings. We thank you and pray that you undertake for those who couldn't give. Lord, bless us now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Isn't the Lord wonderful this morning? Isn't he wonderful? Amen. If you don't mind, just wherever you are, just turn to your brother. Just welcome them in the house of the Lord. For he's been good. He's been wonderful. He's been great. He's been wonderful. And we love him. this morning. We exalt him this morning. We give him praise. We give him glory. We give him honor, the love that he deserves. Surely we give it to him this morning for his greatness. We love him for his kindness. We love him. And this morning, we won't forget to lift him up. We won't forget to give him the glory and all the love that he deserves. I don't know if you feel like I feel this morning. We want to lift him up. We will not glorify him, exalt him for his goodness, for his love, for all that he's done for us. For he surely never failed us. Oh, he surely remains the same. And we love him and we love him and we exalt him and we give him praise. Oh, for his love and his greatness. We love him. We give him praise. I don't know if you feel like that this morning, but we want to say thank you, Lord. We love you. We give you praise, Lord. We give you glory. Oh, we give you honor, dominion, and praise. You deserve it. And we give it to you, Lord. We give it to you, Lord. No other God but you, Lord. But you, Lord. But you, Lord. You, Lord. You, Lord. We give it to you. We give it to you, Lord. We want to say glory, Lord. Glory. But if you feel like that this morning, we want to save. You are me, Lord. You are me, Lord. You are me, Lord. You are me, Lord. You are me, Lord. Everything that I have, I give it to you. I say Lord my heart my Lord won't. Can I get a believer that wants to sing with us this morning that I come running? I come running. I come running. I know you come on with me. Come on with me. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes. From 1979. He draw you and he draw me. No doubt. Hallelujah. Come on now. Thank you one more time. Oh, and I come running. Heat. Heat. I really is confused before the convention. We have a lot of challenges but don't understand what is going on here. Everything you can mess this convention before there's a there's a draw somewhere. What is the draw? The drawing power. The greatest drawing power from 1979. Nothing can stop you. You in this convention because you are supernatural people and we stand with a supernatural man. Satan. Satan. Look at this people here this morning. Satan is the same people that you fight Satan. Did you know we have a man, the angel, the captain of the Lord that set us free? Are you free? Indeed, we are free. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory. I'm running. Sure. You can't run unless a man throw you with a gift, a special gift. You can't run. You will stay by your house. And you touch the ultimate. You feel the attraction. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Oh my. What is your presentation on the mountain on the mountain? That's why you can't set. We build the warrior. The quicking power. Hallelujah. The oil and the wine. Show. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Satan get behind us. Some get behind us because you already behind us. Somebody greater than our problem set us free last night. And it's only a Yes sir. F police virgins the house next door. You can't rebuke the devil without you need the man of the hour and the name because the devil asked them. The devil tell them Paul I know Jesus I know. What about my day? What about your day? There must be a man. Amen. Do you know that name? Do you know the person? We found the hour and we found the place and we found the man. One man, one man standing now. That's why you excited. We don't need a greater man. We have the greatest of all. I can't hear this church. You know the devil fight you. You know the devil fight you. But What? Set Father, wake this morning before your holy throne. Father, the throne that came down the full throne that is now on the face of the earth in this ministry. Lord, Lord, my praise this morning, you know I'm nothing, Lord. Only dust. You are the worthy one. Savior, you you already give us the best. We don't need nothing more better than you already give us in this convention. Lord, I thank you for last night. Father, I thank you and I thank you and I thank you and I thank you and I thank you and I thank you and I thank you Lord and I thank you. I thank you Lord. except by the greatest message ever preached. Thank you, Lord. But in the confidence amen and amen. What can we say about the greatest message? Do you love this ministry, church? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Can you see now why you have so challenges, trials? You say, "Why me Lord? Why not my family outside? They they don't serve you. Why me? You found the greatest, the greatest of all. Hallelujah. Can we give the apostle The al tabernacle is your honor to this great man. You say if there's a a elder, he needs double honor. &gt;&gt; So you can praise him. Give him honor. We love him. We give him praises what he done for us. You don't only love your soul. He say give your soul to me &gt;&gt; and I will change your nature. But this angel here fly with two wings. He don't only care about only about your soul but even your flesh. Hallelujah. He spawns the convention with the meat that you eat. It's blessed. A fruit for more. The drunk is for me. Are you drunk this morning? as a drunk for I greet the drunk. &gt;&gt; He closed with this &gt;&gt; and he said drink. Huh? A drunk man. No drunk man stay clear. I don't because because the real Pentecostals will catch the headstone. Hallelujah. I greet the apostle, Pastor Jonathan, Pastor Jude, the leadership. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, the ministers be greeted this morning. Amen. Ministry dance because my mind we need the apostle here with this message. Amen. But it's a old ball. You can't place it. Hallelujah. That's why. Do you see how we start the convention? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Do you ever see this between the choir the cherubams? He said he's a oddball. It's a oddball ministry. You can't place him. He will put you off. But not this lady here because where he lead, we follow him. Hallelujah. Amen. What done? Hallelujah. Praise. Amen. Praise can you eat soup? We already received the the the the magic last night. What do you need this morning? There's nothing greater. Open your window. Do you hear? Do is there a minister outside that mention that words magic? Who is this man? Tell me, who is this man that preached for all for us more than 60 years? Can we give you apostle a hand of praise here this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Amen. Do me a parties. Amen. Can we read? Yeah. John 16 verse 7. Can we read? Huh? I will send you. &gt;&gt; This is Jesus. This is Jesus. God in flesh. Hallelujah. But they say no. I must go. The former rain, the word. I must go &gt;&gt; because somebody greater the letter rain. Are you with me this morning? Are you with me this morning? So this pullpit is greater than Jesus according the Bible. We believe the Bible. Don't say ear tabernacle make this angel greater than Jesus. That is what Jesus says. Hallelujah. Because Jesus the word. Hallelujah. Jesus the word. Hallelujah. But the anointing. Hallelujah. The oil. Hallelujah. The spirit. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The spirit. The comforter. The letter rain. Hallelujah. This is greater. Why? Because this angel comes with the former rain and the lettering together. Praise God. Praise the earth. Sorry. code because it may in Richmond the former marine and the letter my heart believe it. Yes. Amen. The next one. Huh? Can we read for Huh? Huh? Huh? the gospel not in. &gt;&gt; You can have the Bible. You can have the former. Hallelujah. But that is not the gospel. Hallelujah. What is the gospel? Can we read further? Is this scripture fulfilled in this church? &gt;&gt; Even the foolish virgins agree with El Tabernacle because they says, "Amen. Hallelujah. Apostle Ekil Rosco." Amen. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost man. The Holy Ghost man. Here's the flex. 40 countries. Not only with the spoken word and with the Bible, but with the Bible. With the spoken word and the oil. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. With the word and the spirit. This is the gospel. The gospel is the word. The gospel is the word. The gospel is the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. manifested not only but manifested and last night the Holy Ghost hallelujah before your eyes. Amen. I am a witness and you are the witness from 1979 we experience hallelujah. Hallelujah. The battle of the Holy Ghost but not only the battle of the Holy Ghost must change to the world because this boy will preach. Exactly. Where is that boy? We don't wait for that boy. He's a old man now. Because Jesus of yesterday, hallelujah, was a young man, a young boy. by Jesus. Today, your day 18 years 80 plus Amen. 26. Amen. Hallelujah. Give you Amen. Hallelujah. 26. Yes, &gt;&gt; the senior pastor, the captain 55 faith, faith grace, five foolish and five faith and faith 25 and of Matthew You're 25. The last one, brother, because of the last one. Revelation 6. Jesus. &gt;&gt; Okay. Can we read? &gt;&gt; No, I can't hear this church. So he the voice spoke to &gt;&gt; the challenge of this hour. &gt;&gt; Who is the challenge of this hour? &gt;&gt; What is the challenge? Trump. &gt;&gt; Can we read further? And &gt;&gt; the oil and the wine. &gt;&gt; What strike me this? What happened here last night? He started with the oil. The greatest message. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; The greatest message is the oil is the greatest gift. &gt;&gt; The oil and the end. Show me the picture. I shook away. The table is nine. We found the place and we found the hour and we found the man. God can make mistakes in one service. Combine the oil and the wine. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What is wine worship? Hallelujah. What is wine worship? And when you are full of the oil, you are full of Because the oil give you emotions. So Satan get behind this church. Come on now. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Can't hear you. So Donald Trump plum. Amen. Lucifer. Amen. Hallelujah. Antichrist demon to be himself. Don't touch the oil and the wine. Who is this man who was preaching to us last night? The oil and the wine in one service. He said before he goes, he want to end with the why. And this man, this boy, the spoken child come from a place where the wine yard Satan I know wine and my father give my name Rosco. I can't help it. Come on now. Come on. Come on. Sh. Somebody giving me a a sh back in this place. We have a reason. We have a reason to stay in this ministry. Satan. Satan. Devil and believe. Yeah. I stand this woman here. This lady. Now we can move up. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? for a title, a small title because you can't preach what I even hallelujah after last tonight. This is the climax. Amen. This is the climax. Amen. Hallelujah. So I come at a small talk here for a title. The greatest drawing power. &gt;&gt; Not only drawing but the greatest because the greatest ministry it's preaching. Somewhere somewhere I found a place where I hear the greatest message because the greatest gift is the oil is the amoa is the better of the Holy Ghost. And without doubt the whole world knows that the apostle Rosco standing for the D. That's why this ministry is dove leading the eagle Holy Ghost ministry. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But you will never you will never found the greatest message unless you found the greatest growing power. Because you and me have mind battles. We look at our mistakes. When you see yourself, you see mistakes. And God said, "Oh, I already choose you. before mistakes. To be in a servant, to be in this ministry where we preach the greatest servant ever preached. Woo! Woo! And when you when you have that mind better, when you have that mind better and suddenly, hallelujah, the greatest the greatest drawing power, Amen your nervous system, change your mind, change your mind and you say, Lucifer, Lucifer, Lucifer, with this hour. I run to a group and I will jump over. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. The greatest The greatest throwing power didn't take you didn't take you to flowering messages. Then you're wasting your time. Then you're wasting your money. But this greatest throwing power, hallelujah, pulls you, dragged you. as a magnet. Hallelujah. They send you a kind pulls you. Hallelujah. Draws you, draws you to the greatest pullpit because the greatest message is preaching on this pullpit. So we have the greatest the greatest throwing power and the greatest pullpit. What the greatest message ever preached? You're a Jesus Moses. Yes, Satan. Yes, Lucifer. Yes, police virgins. Amen. Outside this. Amen. Hallelujah. Wise, but you are wise. We don't There's no two groups here. Only this angel. This angel, this man, this God man, this Holy Ghost man didn't come from nothing. More than 60 years. Yes. the fruit Satan, the Holy Ghost on the people and in the people because the greatest pulpit have the greatest man that have the greatest gift the Holy Ghost and he give out to the people the greatest. What is this? The greatest. I feel it in my feet and I feel it in my hands. I feel it alone. This must be the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And I can't help it because it's not me, but it's the angel, the Holy Ghost. They think of my nervous system. Satan, you can't stop this people. We are wise. One wife, one body and one hand. He lost. What's up? What's up? What's up? The The color. The color potter. The color. The color. The color pot. Bring magic to every nation. Rainbow church. Yes. Satan. Bloom fontain. You can't come here. It's not by your power. Amen. Cape Town is not by your power. A manus is not by your power. Amen. Hallelujah. up is not by your power. Freedal is not by your power. Is not by your power. Amen. Is not by your power. D is not by your power. Polani is not by your power. When you didn't come by your power, not by your power, but the greatest the greatest throwing power bring you to this convention. Who can stop the power? Holy Ghost power fire upon me like the day of Pentecostal. Thank you apostle. You bring the Pentecostal experience power. Look at this Satan. I feel the power. I feel the spirit. I feel the ammo. Look at his second. Look at his sister. Come on now. Can you feel it? Yes. Yes. From 1979, we build the Holy Ghost power. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Not by my power, by this. The calorus pulls you. Pulls you. Glory you. Glory. It's the power. It's the power. Pastor Dennis, sing in the trouble. The power of the s the power power. The power. Oh, the power. The power. The power. Oh, the power. Power of the Holy Ghost. more power. Does he does the cry? Oh, the power power. Heat. Heat. Somebody give him a praise this Can you feel the power? Just just don't wait for the power. From 1979, Amen. Hallelujah. God found one man. Amen. Hallelujah. Not only didn't start on one of 1979, but 1946. Amen. Hallelujah. 1946. God see a lady mama. Do you know that the boy in you will give the power the battle of the Holy Ghost to the bride the bride? Thank you mama son. We say we have the greatest power, the the greatest drawing power. And surely this is not a normal or any move. But if the greatest message preach here, then automatically we must have the greatest. Can we read here? And The greatest pullpit. Huh? Where is the greatest pullpit? Am I in America? Can somebody show you in America? 40 flex countries. Show me now. A man in Cape Town that can show you 40 countries. Show me now a man in Congo that can give us 40 candle already. El tabernacle. They touch already our faith. They come to this angel and say come over to us. We need this power. We need this Holy Ghost. But you are special. You are special. You are special. You are special. You You say you don't have money. You are special. You are special. You say you don't have a house, you are special. You say you don't have a car, you are special. I don't care if you stay in a muku, you are special. You are special because you found the greatest pulpit preaching by the greatest gift, the oil. Because the oil is in my day a man, the comforter is a man. Hallelujah. Hey, why you should stop? Lose your sound. Your ear hears something. The greatest pullpit, the greatest, the greatest of all, the greatest pullpit. Surely El Tabernacle, you'll find favor. Don't care about your mistakes. Before your mistakes, God see your heart desire that you will stand with the greatest before you was formed in your mother's. You already chose you to be in this convention. Tell the devil, get behind me. Leave the mind battles. Amen. Hallelujah. Leave the double mind. We are one mind. Mindful of this magic man. Hallelujah. Yes. in Matthew 12. &gt;&gt; You know even the ones who are outside their eyes on this. &gt;&gt; So what we say we must have the evidence. My I know you passed this Bible. This Bible became flesh. This Bible is a man because the former Brenham tabernacle didn't come with words only. But when that prophet was in the tabernacle, that was of the former reign on two feet. When he preached the unveiling of God, he said, "Know me. What about the greatest? What about this? What about this last chocolate in the box? Because brother Brennham says hallelujah when dead man comes I will close my doors I will take my people double knock I will take brenham hallelujah amen hallelujah and show them the man so brother Benham desire was to live in distant time because when he showed the man in Maranata park he discerned that boy. This is not a normal boy because this boy this was the voice that spoke to me because brother Brandham say I didn't see the angel but 1946 for the first time for the first time for the first time for the first time the prophet see him face to face in this angel 1946 and and church born on the same date. Amen. Brother of the prophet's daughter why to show the world this man have only one lady because a woman is a church and she can't preach. You need a man that turn the cloud who believe our report only because you was in the conference with this man. That's why he blessed you in your room by your work. He blessed you in present. He blessed you. You are an a lot of level. We can't come down. Heat. Heat. What we preach is in the Bible. What is the Bible says? When the oil came down on the house, Amen. and God can. Amen. Then God must reveal himself and the Holy Ghost. The oil came down 1979. How can the devil tell this church we don't see God? Who can he say? We see God behind the bullpin. Not only behind the spool pit, but when he sit there, when he walk there, we see the behavior, the character of is the oil for the countries. 40 countries. 40 countries. Then God take the mass off face to face. Now we're getting excited here. I jumped the car even. Sorry, brother. Can you give me the code? We have the scripture. Can you give me the code? The code? Yes. Can you read this code? No. No. The devil can't hear you because he he fight you. You must read to the devil because we have God's journalist. And what does Jesus says when the devil come and attack him? He says Satan there is written ask a scraver. So we tell some former and unbelief spirit the foolish virgins. We show you the Bible that is written. Amen. Because we follow and we found God's journalists preaching in the desert. Hallelujah. Preaches in the desert. Amen. Hallelujah. In the desert because in the desert there's nothing but in nothing. There is something because you need the deep to call you because a pullpit pull you out of your pit. What is the pit? Unbelief. You are in the pit. Baptist Church mind is changed. When you see him, you see God. Face to face. Face to face. Face to face. Face to face. I hear the devil outside. I hear the the police virgins. They tell me now. Do you hear? Do you hear? Yes. You on on on on the on the broadcast. They make him go. They make him go. That's why I'm not in that convention because they worship a man. When Raldinho flesh Raldinho was playing for for Barcelona, the player of Brazil was playing the ball and when he plays the people worship him and they made him go. He was God to the world and now Ronaldo Lionel Messi is God for the world. What about this church? What about the supernatural? Who healed you? Who healed you? God. Who saved you? God. Who answer your prayer? Wow. Heat. Satan. Listen here. Listen here. Listen here. Listen here. Church, I hear the police virgins. They said this church make too much noise. That's why I never Amen. Hallelujah. I never joined this church. You can't join this church. You never join this church. Chosen people. Chosen Paul. Before there was a devil, before there was a song, before there was a jealous prophet, he he to worship in this church because he preached to God. God preached to God and God. What is worship? Worship is God. Sir, sir, no. No, no, brother Osco. They make too much noise. Didn't you know? Didn't you know, sister? is as I kil it near I say balm he brings a sound and I hear the dove came down the greatest gift by a sound because God hate a dead church. God hate a dead church. That's why he divorced the five foolish virgin. He divorced them because they love a dead church. Amen. My the amen. The wise virgin, he married to them. Why? Because the bapt of the Holy Ghost is the seal of God. So who married you? that border and my banister. Listen here. Can we read that? Good. So, &gt;&gt; I can't hear this. N. &gt;&gt; Huh? This is the prophet. This is your prophet outside. That's why it's only this church that accept all what the prophet brought. When you look that to this man, do you see a man? Do you see the grandfather? &gt;&gt; Do you see somebody's son? You will endure your own debt level. That's why you for more than 20 years you struggle with with a job with the money of the sickness because you see a man and a man can't help you. But God in a man behind skins the blood was only the blood was the mask of the bottom of the Holy Ghost. So the blood covers the greatest gift. Now the flesh covers the wrapping covers. But when you see his flesh because job says in my flesh I I only know I I didn't know only my redeemer but job said in my flesh I shall because God is the oil. God is the Holy Ghost. Amen. Hallelujah. The Amen. I love Jehovah of the Old Testament is Jesus of the New Testament. &gt;&gt; What is God's witness now? Witness now for this age, for your age, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So Jehovah is the Holy Ghost. So who's the token bearer? The token bearer is Jehovah, the fivestar general. Remember he preached it in bloom fontain. So bloom fontain bloom where you planted. He planned us he us amen corner. No, let's start with and is &gt;&gt; brea huh? Hallelujah. That's why he answered the questions. &gt;&gt; Did he preach questions and answer Can we give you the second code here? The greatest drawing and so he's drawing he's drawing the flesh didn't come with that power. We are weak mind battles. But he draw men for &gt;&gt; to serve him. So the man draws you not you draw the man. Don't make the man your charming. Okay. And &gt;&gt; empower Can the church say amen this morning? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Is there a witness? The devil fight you before there is convention. You have many challenges. Your car. Amen. Hallelujah. Money, your work. Amen. But greater than your problems. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Draws you. The greatest drawing power draw you to this convention. Can you worship the god? God. Amen. Hallelujah. Of this age. But the shabat and the blood. Give him a thorn. Amen. Halle. Can you give him an amen here? Amen. on the on the behind. Amen. Hallelujah. Can you give him a amen there? Amen. Hallelujah. Can you give him Hallelujah bloated temped? Hallelujah. Because we found grace. Nothing can stop us. Even your mother didn't give you money. Even your father didn't give you money. Even your boss didn't give you bonus. Whatever they can't stop you because the greatest drawing power me Lord. You love me Lord. Draw me Lord. Draw me Lord. Draw me Lord. Are you draw sister? Are you draw sister? Yes. You're drawing. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Drawing to the greatest. Draw me to the greatest pullpit. Hallelujah. Draw me with the greatest power that the world can't give us. That's why we stick for all these years in this ministry. Sickness can't stop you. Trials cannot stop you. Because the greatest hallelujah power, the bum of the Holy Ghost, the greatest gift, the angel bring you to this church. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So in other words, so in other words, how can you tell this greatest &gt;&gt; drawing power magnet that you give people money &gt;&gt; to come to church. &gt;&gt; Is it what the prophet says? &gt;&gt; This boy will preach exactly. Hallelujah. So he will stick. Hallelujah. He will stick with that prophet. And that prophet says, "Hallelujah." Amen. Hallelujah. You need the greatest drawing power to bring the people to the house of the Lord. And for all this years, the baptism of the Holy Ghost bring you from Cape Town. Amen. From Bloomain, from Venda, from all the different places because this is greater than Salom. Are you with me? In the time of Salom, only one woman. But look here, Satan. Look here, Satan. I see vendor. I see mama. I see. I see. I see the eye. I see bloom. Hallelujah. I see. I see perception. Hallelujah. Why? Because it's the power. Holy Ghost power. Amen. The angel, are you with me this morning? I can't hear this church. Who believe our report? Not everybody. Yes. Not the foolish church. Not the five foolish virgins. They can't believe. Amen. Hallelujah. This greatest gift. Why? Because this greatest gift didn't know then. Amen. Hallelujah. didn't know them. Why? Because the foolish virgins when this angel go around this world and give out the greatest gift, hallelujah, they reject him. Hallelujah. They reject him. How do you know, brother Rosco? Go to the churches around the world. Then you see the people sleep. There's no young people there. There's no joy. There's no speaking in tonesues. Amen. Hallelujah. There's no speaking in tonesues. There's no worship. There's no Amen. Even the choir here is bigger than that church. There's no people in this convention. Hallelujah. How do you know it, brother Rosco? How you know it? There's no people there. If there's people in this churches, then he will then that that pastor will take that service and put it live on the broadcast. Not only on the preacher but so inside on the communion how many people you have but this angel hallelujah they didn't pay hallelujah people with money but the power what is in him pulls you he showed the whole world what is inside and outside do you see the cars do you see the buses amen he didn't call freedal and say freel come to the convention no freel is with a 65 seat. What is this? Is the power that draws to the convention. Surely he didn't know the foolish church, but he know the wise virgins. Why? Hallelujah. Because your eyes were every spot. God didn't trust you and me. God trust himself. And because when God see you, he didn't see you. Hallelujah. Himself. Because I know the Holy Ghost in you is God in you. And if you have the Holy Ghost, automatically you have the fruits of the Holy Ghost, the garment, God's pyramid, himself, God's house, God dwelling place after skin. Nothing can stop you. Without you is not God. That's why he could hate you. Amen. beyond the cherubams. The cherubams can't worship like this church. I see last night even the chorus leader is out. They say they can't go on because this ladies worship your out man. This lady is very dangerous. She can worship man. Lucifer, can you hear this church worship? Why? Why? Why? Because Mary Mary Mary Mary act like a drunk person. Mary didn't only receive the Holy Ghost. She act like a drunk person. She act like a drunk person. And a drunk person worship 24 hours. A drunk person never get tired. A drunk person don't look Amen. Hallelujah about his weak points. When he have the alcohol, when they have the beer inside, happy the joy unspeakable. And this church is full of the wine, full of the Holy Ghost. So this church will never get tired because this man put you on the higher level. We can't come down. We living on a higher plane. What plane? Not just plain but the plane of the complete headship. Because dust is the mind. The Holy Ghost H. Dust is the last chocolate in the box. The battle of the Holy Ghost. The oil and the wine. The meal and the oil. The meal and the oil. The word and the spirit. The former rain and the letter together in this church. So you never get tired. Tell your sickness. Get behind me. I can't pick one. Tell the devil I'm born to worship the king of kings Jehovah Gyra. Lion of Judah, we worship you. We praise you. We adore you. Sick of no sick, money of no money, house of no house, we worship you. Because when you worship him, he do something. He brings the miracle. Your time create a miracle. and this convention create America. Satan 2026, we're coming for you because we have the greatest, the oil and the wine. Oh. I hear they tell me and I tell you you can worship on any places God's only only place of worship God's only provided place of worship can you give can you read there the place huh I can't stay in Freedom. I can stay in Upington. I can stay in Cape Town. I can stay Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. In Babu Pani. I can stay in Victoria. I can stay in Venda. I can stay of every convention. Amen. Hallelujah. Here in Job without this convention because God have only one place of worship because he give only one place. The oil the greatest gift is only in one place. So if the gift is there automatically the worship is only here. I don't care what the other minister says, but what this minister says, there's only one chief here and one place here. Do you find the place of worship? Can't hear you. Can't hear you. Can't hear you. Can't hear you. It's not It's not you. It's not you that worship. is the supernatural in you make you worship the super the supernatural man. The supernatural man that move inside the body and outside the body give you a supernatural. What is this? That is the greatest. This is the This Holy Ghost is the greatest Christmas gift. How can we how can we have not a joy when somebody give you a present you and automatically the people have a joy when somebody give him a car of money of clothes. But this church didn't only receive a car. But we have the greatest gift. And the greatest gift is God's greatest Christmas gift. And when you receive that Christmas gift, you can't help it because unto the Jews, a son is born. But unto El tabernacle, a son. So let me hear you. Joy. You don't only You don't only have a joy, but you have a joy unspeakable power. Can't explain it. Can't explain it. Can't explain my worship. It's not me. It's not me. Is a angel that tickle my nervous system. is the greatest present gift that make me worship. That make me shout, that make me jump, that make me jump, that make me jump, that make me jump, that make me jump. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Sorry to stop you, church. Sorry. Next. This is the greatest. This is the climax. Can you read here? And I said this afternoon. Did the apostle preach in the morning when he was preaching? &gt;&gt; Let's start the scope. And I What did he say last night? This pullpit give you &gt;&gt; I can't hear this church. &gt;&gt; No, man. The devil can't hear you. can welcome and brother says this is the greatest thing that God can give you in the so where we can We found the greatest message, eternal life because we found the man that have the greatest gift, the bapt of the Holy Ghost and give it out to this church and if the man give it out then you receive eternal life. So without the man you can't fulfill the scope but this lady help the man have the pulpit and have Now, now you say where where life is, there is and everybody outside says when you put your radio on then the the preachers say no I will I can give you eternal life. No, God can't make mistakes. &gt;&gt; God give a mark. &gt;&gt; Life give you. &gt;&gt; So how can you say you are in the church of in the ministry and you don't see the people dancing, worshiping, speaking in tongues? But who can now automatically you have joy. Not only joy but joy unspeakable. And last night he says pullpot give you eternal life. Can you I can't hear you. Now, now, now, now after he says, "Does Bulba give you eternal life?" Are you with me? He said before he goes from this pulpit, he give us this not Now there's something special. &gt;&gt; You can have wine, but we spoke here in the greatest pullpit in the greatest message. He brings some pana. Are you with me? There's something special about some pana. I know wine. Please. Cape Town out of Elaban please Salam boss keep your peace. Friendal supply wine to you because friend is the big city the biggest city where the wine yard is. &gt;&gt; Not because of me. Because of this man, &gt;&gt; because my mother said ah nothing but this man say yes, &gt;&gt; you can receive what what you need. &gt;&gt; You will have a son. And the same man, the same man comes around and he preached now the greatest service, the greatest message ever be preached, the bapt of the same man. And the angel anointed my father and say no this boy you give him his name Rosco because this area here I was going to Sultan but it's not only for the people that's for a reason I see around Sultan I see here a city hallelujah called freed because here. I walk with God. Can we read Huh? Don't be the heart. Satan. Go back brother. Don't be hard. Sa have a joyful. &gt;&gt; Not only some pa but there's something in sana. There's a joy not half because this is Pentecostal. This is a this is the ministry of David. David said my cup run over. Not half. He said full of bubbles. Listen here. This is the first part. when you make sa because they says there must be there's a time you don't be in a hurry if you come be we want the climax of the saya no amen hallelujah you must be the cushit amen hallelujah that bound first before the king before he run and the other men that don't have the message amen he's not god's journalist he bypass pass. He run. Amen. Hallelujah. But without the message, he bypassed the cushit. The cushit. Hallelujah. But the cushit have patience. Amen. Don't be fast. Don't Don't say I'm 80. Don't look to my flesh. I'm an old man. No, you will bypass me. Hallelujah. Because inside is not 80. Inside him is a supernatural being. If you see his flesh, you will miss him. Hallelujah. Why? Because he have the message. Not every message, but the greatest message. He runs God's channel. Hallelujah. But they says the second they says, can we read here? after after after not in the time of Mo Moses not in the time of former reign not of the time of Brenham because this is the second coming of Christ of Christ of Christ so brother Brandham Brham tabernacle don't have can't give out the joy full bubbles to Brandham Tabernel. Why? Because brother Brandham said, he said, "You wish Brenham tabernacle was a beehive." But this church &gt;&gt; is a beehive. Why? Because the honey is here. Where do you find honey in the land? Moses no joy, stress, scorps here, but promised land. That's why he preached the joy of the land. The joy of the land. Why? Because once you receive the wine, the grapes, because the land is the Holy Ghost, the land is the man. Play and Moses egg and yellow. The land is the man. And many of them pry and say brother Rosco please aposttor we go around the world we can't find this please anoint me I want to take to my church. You're a praise. You're a Jesus. You can't take this worship to your church unless you put on your church unless you in accept this man the wine maker. Let's go back to the second one. I walk with God. Okay. Can we read after? Huh? to say I'm afraid. &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; No, I can't hear this. Please be a second. Dear Jesus, in the second coming you will find the joy, the sana, That's why he bring the sana in part two of his sermon because this is the second part when you find amen the bubbles in the sana and this is the second coming of Christ. This is the amen. Hallelujah. Praise the he two wings the former and the letter and together he comes with the oil and the wine. Amen. Hallelu and have two sons that preach in this ministry. Pastor Jonathan and Pastor J. Two sons, not only two sons, but two grandchildren preach in. Get drunk. Get drunk. Get drunk. Get drunk. Get drunk. Get drunk. Get crazy. Get crazy. Get crazy. Get crazy. Are you drinking? Are you drinking? Are you drinking? Drink. Drink. Drink. The wine maker is here. The wine maker is here. Let me see the purpose. Let me see the purpose. God hear you. God hear you. God. Are you drinking? Are you drinking or are you sleeping? We don't sleep realling of a realling of a realling of the Baptist. Satan, look at the young people here. Look at the sisters here. Look at the brothers and brothers here. Look at here. Can you see Satan? Wait, we weren rain on me. Let it rain because I feel the spirit of the Lord. I feel the oil here. Can you feel the SP? Can you feel the SP? The Holy Ghost is here. Yes. Yes. Yes. That in the SP. Come on now. Come on now. Can you feel it, sister? This is the battle of the Holy Ghost. We have the white maker here, the the apostle of God. I feel his angel here. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Can you feel it? This must be the token. This must be the battle of the Holy Ghost. Can you feel it there? Let's have a move. Let's move. Let's move. Let's move. Let's move. Let's move. Get into the Come on now. Come on now. We walk with God. We walk with God. Yes. Yes. Yes. No doubt. We have the wife. We have the wife. We have to worship. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. You shall not die, but you shall love because you found God's wine maker. Come on now. Is this the Holy Ghost here? Yes, Satan. This is the Holy Ghost. Look at that. Look at that. Baptized with water now. baptized with the SP because this is the ministry of Joshua promised land. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Get drunk. Get drunk. Get crazy. Get crazy. Worship him. Get mad. Yes. The Holy Ghost make you act crazy. Come on now. Let me see you act here. Sh. This must be the Holy Sister. This is the Holy Ghost. Receive the Holy Ghost in the name of the Lord. Sh. Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Yes. Yes. That's why. That's why. That's why. That's why. This is the token. Receive. Receive. Receive. Jehovah. I will never leave this angel until he bless me. Wrestle with him. Yes. Wrestle with you. Yes. That's right. That's right. That's right. Satan, Satan, the fire is in this ministry. So the serpent the serpent the serpent Satan sang can't stay in this place because God impressed God servant God in perception perception something. God loves Jesus. Can you feel it? Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on. Come on. Come on. What are you waiting? You know he is here. Come here. out of the left. Yes, sister. Receive the Holy Ghost in the name of the Lord. Yes. Yes. Come on now. It's Yes. Yes. that needs holding up that need stop say Jesus receive it. Receive it. You come for your blessing. Receive it. Come on now. Come on now. Where is the young people? Where is my young sister? Where is my young brother? You know you need the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost is everything. The good news. God is here. the Holy Spirit. Receive him. Receive it. What are you waiting? That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. You already lose you last night from the devil. So now receive it because God spoken. on we believe it and that sat it that you are free. Come on now. Receive it in the name of the Lord. That's right. So can you feel it? That's his cover. God walk in spirit for God with you. Receive Jesus. Jesus. and my for Jesus. You're my fors in Jesus name. That's right, brother. Receive the Holy Ghost. Receive your blessing. That's right. That's right. Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost, Holy Ghost is me, Lord. Touch me. Touch me. Touch me. Touch me. Touch me. May he bless you. May he touch you. I need the fresh anointing. Yes. Yes. The token bear is here. God's apostle is here. The token be is here. So the Holy Ghost must fall for. I believe it for you. I believe it. Come now. Come now, sister. Can you believe this that you feel now? Is it? Is it? Is it? He can deliver you. He can restore. Yes. Can you feel it? Is the power. Yes. Shout the Lord. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You know you need God. Don't pull back. Open your heart. Open your heart. You know you have a problem. You know it. Greater and your problem is here. The baptism of the Holy Spirit. Come on. This is the Holy Ghost power. That is the spirit of the Lord. He touch you. The angel touch you. The apostate angel is here from 1979. He touching Let go. Come now. Come now. Come now. Shout the devil. And who side to stand the stone? Is there a witness? God do it for my mother. What about you? God do it for my mother. What about you? What about you? My miracle. You are our miracle. You are our miracle. Come on now. Stop. That's right. Sister. Touch you restore. Bless restore. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Look at them, Satan. Look at them. Look at them. Satan act like blind people. Pentecost. Pentecost in America. The wine maker. We found him. Is there a woman? Come on, brother. Come on, my sister. Come on now. I will never leave this angel. I'm waiting for you. You wait for God. God waits for you. Yes. Yes. Yes. Satan Pentecostal. We found the apostle. The apostle of war because apostle bring the Holy Ghost. Now is their witness. Can you feel him? Can you feel him? Can you feel him? Can you feel him? That's right. That's right. You can feel it. That's right. This is the Holy Ghost. You know it. That's right. And then we know what we know. We stand on this promise, the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Cuz it's the last days, so the Holy Ghost must be here. God bless you all. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. All right, guys. Look at me. We know the Holy Ghost. Come on now. Plunk in the SP. Thank you. Bless you. Thank you. I didn't come for nothing to just convince you. &gt;&gt; Come to see God. Come and see a man. Come. Hallelujah. What about you? &gt;&gt; What about you? That's right. That's right, sister. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Woo. Oh God. Oh God. I feel God. I feel the SP of the Lord. Yes. Yes. Yes. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jehovah Lord. Hallelujah. Walk. &gt;&gt; You know it. That's you. You know it. You know it. Jesus. Hallelujah. Come on now. Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Can you feel it? You know you need him. You know you need him. He's here now. Must be the angel. Must be that same angel. I said oh oh my s Shout I feel you. Yes, that's right. Is the witness is the is the can feel the ador. Receive. Receive. Receive. Receive what is on your mind now. Receive your need in the name in the name of the Lord. Pastor Jonathan spirit people. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. Get in the spirit. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And like the Pentecost. Yes. Is the power. Come on now. Yes. Heat. Heat. N. Downing down. Heat. Heat. Goodbye. Heat. Heat. Christmas. Hello. Okay. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Hello. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. It's always very very sad when you come to this time of a convention. You know when you start the convention and it looks So long, but before you know it's over, that's just the way time is. Time is not counted by milestones. Time is counted by split seconds. In the moment, in the twinkling of an eye, that's when time gets counted. And before we know, the time has slipped into history. These meetings we're going to sit in again when we get to the other side. &gt;&gt; God is going to switch on his tape recorders. And I'm sure as I stand here, as we walk into that conference after the rapture, each one of you will see your face &gt;&gt; as you walk in. He's the one that takes the photos. An angel of God was with us over this weekend and he took your photo. I just hope that you were in your point of duty where he placed you. And I'm sure you were there and a perfect picture was taken. And that picture has got no faults in &gt;&gt; that picture don't have your old history. It's only your good things that's going to be in that &gt;&gt; photo. So when we think about a thing like that then we going to hear him say you didn't come to the convention. View yourself something in here. &gt;&gt; Accepted an invitation from him. He invited you and he says where two or three are gathered there'll be in your midst and you accepted the invitation. You are here by invitation and you're going to be there by invitation. So we we just come to say as the family, thank you for the weekend of fellowship. Thank you for the weekend spent with him. &gt;&gt; Thank you for the weekend. musicians. David was very glad this weekend when he looked at you and he says, "Surely I didn't write Psalm 150 for nothing." Elizabeth Aome. We thank all the ministers, elders, deacons. We used to in the old days used to sing that song. We together again. Surely we were together again. We do not know what's going to take place next year. And um just want to say this before New Year's Day. They call 2025 the year of the courts trials and a year of nation turn against nation. It was a year of indictment and in spiritual it was the year where he said I know you're not to the other group. We um we had tried to preach the message and it's not finished. The greatest message ever preached. We do not know why God gave us that message about 25 years ago or more. Brother Sunonny Bernades said, "I would like to see you, brother Rosco." So I step aside. I said, um, what would you like to tell me, brother Sunny? He says, "No, I just want to tell you this about 25, 30 years ago." He says, "You know what you done?" I says, "What?" He says, "You took the best part of the message to yourself. And I asked him, I said, "Uh, what is the best part?" He said, "That dove that's flying with you." &gt;&gt; And little did I know then that that was the greatest thing. in heaven, in the Bible, in the spoken word, in the worship, in my prayer, in my singing, in my dancing, because the Holy Ghost is everything. And little did I know I'll have people that feels the same way I feel. And little did I know I'm going to meet some people that don't only is message believers but oil receivers. It was worth it all. All the fights I had to go through, &gt;&gt; but they couldn't get me away from the oil. Therefore, at the late hour like this, he could give us a message like that. I'm so glad that I didn't follow like somebody said. If you have a man that feed your garbage, if you have a pastor that feeds your garbage, then you just hired yourself. You just got yourself a hired killer, a serial killer. Cuz a pastor that don't have the dynamics and mechanics is a serial killer. He kills the whole church. Don't kill his soul only and his family's soul. He kills the whole church. And I'm going to jump my gun from the part two. The greatest word in Matthew 25, the seventh seal. Is this the thing that separated them? Is this give us of your oil? No, we can't. No. Separate them because God says no before he says yes. &gt;&gt; Thou shalt not eat of the tree. No. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thou shalt no murder. Thou shalt know commit adultery. Thou shalt know 10 nos before he says yes. So what separated them? &gt;&gt; I don't hear you. That's why if anybody want to get you away from El Tabernacle, what must you say? I just want to conclude. Brother Brandham says God couldn't trust his own son without the Holy Ghost. And Jude just turned it around for me. Says, "God, brother, uh, Dad, when you turn it around, that means God couldn't trust the word, the Bible, &gt;&gt; without the Holy Ghost. So that shows you that the Holy Ghost is greater. I don't hear you. Have you got the greatest thing? And then The message love Corinthians 13. They compromise and they call it Corinthians 13. They call it love. They love everybody. I'm dumping some of my friends because of the friends they have. Cuz their friends cannot be my friend. Why? &gt;&gt; Because that word became real to me. No, &gt;&gt; I'm going to lay down with the next and they like this love story, but I just like to read Corinthians 13 verse 13. and our abided faith, hope and charity. These three now he comes. But the greatest of these is And brother Abraham asked God, he says, u when the angel stood in front of him, he says, "What is perfect love?" And the angel says, "You didn't preach it all the time." He says, "What's it?" He says, "The baptism of the Holy Ghost. Then I just want to turn the thing a little bit. Now abideth faith, hope, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And the greatest of them all is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not the baptism of the Holy Ghost, I have become as a sounding bride or tinkling symbol a foolish virgin. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all the mysteries and all the knowledge, and though I have all faith, seven thunder faith, so that I could remove mountains and have not the baptism of the Holy Ghost, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it profit me nothing. The Holy Ghost sufferth long virtue. The Holy Ghost is kind brotherly kindness. The Holy Ghost don't envy. &gt;&gt; The Holy Ghost don't vaunt itself, don't puff up virtues. So where does the virtues come from? Does the Bible say so? Galatians 5 says the fruit of the spirit is love. Love is only a fruit of Corinthians 13. The baptism of the Holy Ghost. The baptism of the Holy Ghost do not behave itself unseemingly. It doesn't seek its own. &gt;&gt; It's not easily provoked. &gt;&gt; The baptism of the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; it thinks no evil. Amen. &gt;&gt; It rejoiceth not in iniquity. &gt;&gt; When somebody sins and he falls with four women, it doesn't compromise. It says no, you can't do it. But the baptism of the Holy Ghost, charity, rejoice in the truth. &gt;&gt; Why is there rejoicing here in El Tabernacle? Why is there rejoicing in El Tabernacle? &gt;&gt; The truth is preached. It bears all things. It believes all things. It hopes all things and endure at all things. The baptism of the Holy Ghost never fails. It started without an end &gt;&gt; and it's still here today after 1979 and it will never end. We know in part and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect has come, then that which is in part shall be done away with. When I was a child, a foolish virgin, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child. But when I become a man, &gt;&gt; I put childish things away. Receiving the Holy Ghost without emotional. I put it away. &gt;&gt; For the greatest of them all is the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Greatest thing in heaven. And that's why I think Romans 5:5 says the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by so you can't have love. You ministers in the message, you can't have love unless the Holy Ghost put it in there. So as you go on your way, go tell this over the mountains, over the hills, and everywhere that Jesus Christ is born in hearts. &gt;&gt; God bless you, Jesus. As you go to your respective homes, may the angel of God go with you, gave you safe, traveling mercies. And may God help us to meet again. I know I'm going to see a lot of views maybe April month in Durban, but surely we'll see one another for the next convention. And then I want to see if you told somebody across the mountains, &gt;&gt; over the valleys, &gt;&gt; on the hilltops that Jesus Christ is in Eel Tabernacle. As a Rosco family, we greet you shalom. As a choir sings, go and tell it on the mountain. I wonder if you can just turn around, give one another hug. That will last maybe for one year. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Over the hills and everywhere. Tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is born. While shephers kept their watching or silent flocks by night, behold throughout the heaven there shone a holy Sh where upon the earth. &gt;&gt; I hope I see you next year again. Even if you don't have money, we'll make a plan for you to be here. &gt;&gt; God bless you. music everywhere. Tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is born. Don't you love and appreciate our apostle? Oh, let's put our hands together. Down in a lonely manger, our humble bride was born and brought us all salvation. That blessed Christmas morning. Go and tell it &gt;&gt; on the mountain. over the hills and every itus is on the mountain. of singus. Oh, &gt;&gt; let me see you. Put your hands together. Oh, I cannot see you. Put your hands together. Just one more time. Going on the mountains and everywhere it Jesus Christ is on the mountain over the hills and everywhere on the ground. That Jesus Christ is Lord. That Jesus Christ is Lord. That Jesus Christ is Lord. Let Jesus Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, just before we close the service, I just want to see you jump this afternoon. Can we jump for the Lord? Can we jump for the Lord? Can we jump for the Lord? Can we jump for the Lord? All glory and yours. Just give somebody a high five. Wonderful sing. Just give somebody a high five. Hallelujah. Are you still happy church? Can I hear you shout that beautiful name? Edgahil. &gt;&gt; Edgahil. &gt;&gt; Edgahil. &gt;&gt; Edgahil. &gt;&gt; Edgahil. &gt;&gt; Let's give the Lord a beautiful Shabbat. I cannot hear you. Why don't you join and sing it together? I cannot hear you church. might say mighty name might go to come Oh my &gt;&gt; go say I see you the idol. They said the morning I need to be happy. You know his name goes for a day to me and do it for me. I think I think I see. Oh, let's give the Lord a shank in this house. Oh, let's keep the Lord a shank in this house. As Lord Clive comes forward just to close the Lord's service, Clive Precious Elder, can we all just bow our heads as we close our eyes? Let us pray. Kind one, lovely one. Father, we heard the blessing from the man of God as he send us in our different directions. And Lord, we will ride on that. Oh God, we thank you for this time. We thank you for this weekend, Lord. And we are riding on the blessing of the apostle as we go in our different separate directions in the name of Jesus, King God. Amen. And amen. May we see that as the deacons comes forward. Amen. We just have a few announcements. First of all, the there's a lot of items that's been found that people has lost. It's cell phones and charges, there's irons, there's clothing, there's extension cords. All these items, if you have lost them, it's in the coffee shop. You can get it from the deacons. Amen. And we would like to show you the baptism candidates. And I can tell you this that nowhere nowhere in this message world do they baptize at a convention. Amen. Amen. We have a courtship to announce brother Larato from Port Elizabeth, brother Laru and sister Koutlano Male from Johannesburg. Amen. Hallelujah. If you can just Amen. So uh Hallelujah. Amen. Please, as we always say, keep it clean and do as requested from the leadership. Amen. Then, uh, New Year's Eve service, that's this Wednesday, will start at half 7. A New Year's Eve service will start at half 7 this on Wednesday. Then there's a request for the brothers, not the sisters, the brothers to remain seated after the service because we want you to help us with the mattresses in the classrooms here. So the brothers, if you can remain seated to help us with these Amen. with these addresses and then we also request all the believers that has to be taken to the park station today you can also remain seated if we can get you in that corner please and then we also want all the ministers just to remain seated. We just would like to play you a recap, a recap video of the convention, what has transpired over the weekend. Just remain seated. Amen. Oh, tell it on a mountain. This is the only time that our tabernacle is not drawn, oh my &gt;&gt; to a Christmas tree, but they chased to the tree of life. Go tell it on the mountain, over the hills. And I say I say everywhere One day, one day you will recognize that God is in you that it will be caught with God. Let me not fall into the hands of men. Let me fall into the hands of God. You tried many times to come out of that temptation. You tried many times to come out of that strike. Prayer after prayer, this after that. But one day you walk into an atmosphere. You didn't have to think. You didn't have to do anything. Your fingers went to the right places. Hallelujah. He saw people that can be delivered. He saw free people. He saw people hallelujah. Praise the Lord. That wants to go home. And my brother, I'm not looking to Pharaoh's window this morning, but I'm looking to the window of Moses. I'm looking to the window of an apostle that said doesn't look to your mistakes. Don't look to your problems. You are God, children of the most high God. Don't look to nothing else. I'm looking to his window this morning. You are God's sons and daughters of the most high God. And that settles it. is so great and so powerful that not even God in the flesh when he was here could preach it. said, "The comforter didn't come yet, so I can't give you the comforter, but there's some coming with the greatest message ever preached. Cuz the greatest pullpit had the greatest man that have the greatest gift, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And he give out to the people the greatest. What is this? The greatest. I feel it in my feet and I feel it in my hands. I feel it aloud. This must be the bapt of the Holy Ghost. And I can't help it because it's not me, but it's the angel, the Holy Ghost that think of my love, but sustainable. The Lord bless you, saints. The apostle just asked that before we dismiss, if we can all stand and we say the scripture all together before we dismiss. Numbers 6 verse 24. The Lord bless thee. &gt;&gt; The Lord &gt;&gt; and keep thee &gt;&gt; and keep thee. &gt;&gt; The Lord make his face shine upon thee. &gt;&gt; The Lord make his face shine upon &gt;&gt; and be gracious unto thee. &gt;&gt; and be gracious unto thee. The Lord lift up his countenance &gt;&gt; The Lord lift up his countenance &gt;&gt; upon thee &gt;&gt; upon thee. &gt;&gt; And give thee peace. &gt;&gt; And give &gt;&gt; Can we say one more time? The Lord bless thee. &gt;&gt; The Lord bless thee &gt;&gt; and keep thee. &gt;&gt; and keep &gt;&gt; The Lord make his face shine upon thee. &gt;&gt; The Lord make his face shine upon thee &gt;&gt; and be gracious unto thee. &gt;&gt; and be gracious unto thee. &gt;&gt; The Lord lift up his countenance. &gt;&gt; The Lord lift up his countenance &gt;&gt; upon thee. &gt;&gt; Upon thee &gt;&gt; and give thee peace. Let's give the Lord a shak. Amen. You are dismissed. Safe travel. Those that needs to remain, please remain. The brothers, please help us. God bless you. Amen. Happy birthday. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Y la. Heat. Heat. Okay. Can we have all the brothers just to help us on top here and at the bottom with the mattresses? Please help us, brothers. Please. the ones that supposed to be at the station remaining longer. We just need to there at the back. Thank you. The the rest of the church is ready. You can go straight to the Woohoo! Woo!
