################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-16 - Will Los Angeles Go This Year - Apostle Edgar H. Roscoe 16 Jan 2026 - Edgar Roscoe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-16
Title:    Will Los Angeles Go This Year? - Apostle Edgar H. Roscoe || 16 Jan 2026
Speaker:  Edgar Roscoe
Church:   EL Tabernacle Ministries
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 23m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytIIkByUyQU
========================================

Description:
Join us as Apostle Edgar H. Roscoe asks the question:
“Will Los Angeles go this year — 2026?”

In this address, Apostle Roscoe expounds on his feeling about Los Angeles and the year ahead, staying true to the Word of God and The Message of William Branham, substantiating his words with quotes and Scripture. 

Anyone with a desire for Christ and a yearning for His return is called to watch.

May God Bless You.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
He's coming back. &gt;&gt; On a silver cloud of glory. &gt;&gt; He's going to take me away. Take me right away. &gt;&gt; I'm looking now at the sign of his returning. Won't be long. It may just be today. Jesus has gone to prepare for me a mansion way up on Glory Avenue. I'm standing firm on the promise that he made. Where I am, you can be there, too. He's coming back on a silver glory. He's going to take me away right away. &gt;&gt; I'm looking now at the sign of his returning. Won't be long. He may just be there. How many times have I dreamed of disappearing when he will take his bride away? I'm making plans to attend that marriage supper on that great eternal wedding day. He's coming back. Coming back. He's going to take me away. I'm looking back. Won't be long. He's coming back. He's going to take me away. I sound return today. He's coming back soon. He's going to take me away. I'm looking now. Won't be long today. Well, he's coming back soon. He's going to take me away. I'm looking at the sign of his return. Won't be long. I greet you again and again and again in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, our savior, our king, and our god. I um really didn't think I'll be on stream and uh busy again uh so soon this year. But uh things happens and then you just have to fall in. And this is one of those things that just happened. And uh it caused a question and what I said on New Year's Eve, a message, I never had it on my notes. I never thought about it. I never felt inspired to go this way. But I just found myself saying, I pray that Los Angeles should go down this year, 2026. And that made some ears pop up in the church. So some brothers ask about it. And now I'm telling you what happened there. It just it just came up while I was speaking and or preaching and then even brother Gus picked it up and uh we had uh a lengthy confident conversation on it and we were shocked what came out of it because he on the other side went back check up a few things and some of the things I'm going to mention Yeah. And it um really blew our minds. Um and that's the reason I thought I'll just come and speak to the church. And I want to make it pretty clear this is for my church. So um I am responsible not for the outside world but outside of my church I'm responsible for my church. So if something happens I need to tell them because Paul says I didn't shun to declare all and that is actually what I want to do. whatever is in my heart and whatever comes up I need to let uh the church know about it. I think that is scriptural and it's also ethic and um I know that uh this heading that we put up is quite shocking. Could Los Angeles go down this year? Uh now I know that um uh it causes ripples uh a title or a heading like this and uh I know there's many ministers that would never do a thing like this. And um I I'm not different. I'm just a human being. So, um, if you really check the heading, and I want you to please note what I'm saying. could. Not God said could or I said on the tape or I pray that Los Angeles should go down this year. I don't think that is rational for anybody to even say a thing like that. But uh I think Paul felt the same way the rapture will take place and he will change and brother Brandham also and that's why brother Brandham says and says this is the time there is nothing wrong in probing checking up things God wants us to check up things search he says and that's what we are doing and I'd like to saying you look at a message you preach on coming storms of judgment it's not that judgment is here I can see it comes on at the same time he preach on flashing red light of his coming not that he has come this is what's going to happen before he comes and u you find the guys every day have weather predictions It's not that the weather is like that when they start the predictions. They said tomorrow it will be rainy. So rain is coming tomorrow. So it's a prediction. It's a feeling. It's something that's coming. And uh brother Banab speaks about when a boat goes down or when a earthquake comes that animals all runs and stands once in a group they know. And brother B says now if animals knows oncoming storms of judgment how much more us. So now that on that premises I I want to speak to you that I feel like those animals like the predictions that this thing is coming and um I um would like to go into it and you can make up your mind how you feel about it. But uh this is the way I feel and that's why I said uh I know it's not a rational thing. Uh it is really controversial in a sense. Now I would like to say point number one we know she has to go down. It's been prophesied been prophesied by Nradamus, Ed Galaci, William Mariam Brandon. The scientist says even up till today she can go down in 5 minutes or in 5 years. So it has already been predicted and it's already said she's going down and the Bible also said she's going down in Revelation 16:18. So the fact of those angels was going down is inevitable. Everybody knows she's going down. There's been films made also that she's going down. So are we in that environment or in that space now that it is logical for her to go down? I like to talk about that environment to you El Tabernacle. have we come into that sphere that you could go down. Um so it's prophesied already. Now it's only time and season. The prophecy is done already. It's only is it time or is it season? Now we need to realize that it is already determined. Time is already there. The scientist says in 5 minutes was any time or within 5 years. It's anybody's guess. The season is the problem that's left to anybody's speculations. Is this the season? We know the time is ripe for it to go like Paul, everybody was shaken because it it didn't happen. But it only didn't happen because it's not season. It's the right time. She's cracked up already. Even the scientist says they don't know what is keeping her up. So the time I haven't got any problems but did we enter the season for her to go down? We know how perfect God is even with brother Brennan. You know, if a head is out of place, it could be time. But if it's not season for that thing to be that had to be on the right place and that human's got to sit in the right chair, nothing will happen. So we have everything just have we work out is this the real season for her to go. So um uh so my speculations and feeling and pray and dream is could you go 2026? I hope I'm wrong. I hope I'm wrong. I hope my feeling is wrong. I hope my season is wrong. But if it isn't, then we are in great great problems. Is because is there enough desperation like Daniel when he saw there was two years left, he went straight into desperation. And the same thing should occur to us. And therefore when I spoke on that, you can go listen to the tape. I also said um the handwriting is on the wall for it to go. I mentioned it on there. And I said, if you don't feel that way, there's something wrong with you because you still want to mess around in this vomit of this life. Brother already preached the world is falling apart anyhow. So all those things comes up and builds up the season. You see they asked Jesus what will the end be and then he gave them steps before it's going to happen. Matthew 25, before the door shut, there's steps. Certain things needs to be fulfilled step by step before the door could close up. So that's what we want to get to. So let's go straight into 1956. The handwriting on the wall preach by the prophet William Marian Brham. Now listen, it's 56 when he preached and this is what he says. And 2 years ago in California, he says, "Two years ago, he made this statement." Now, if you remember, I preached the 70th Jubilee. And I said, "There's two years to it right here." And we didn't realize how quick that two years has went. And the chronologist says it won't go past 2026 from the time we preach this. We said two years. Watch the two years. Daniel, two years left. Now two years. And brother Brandham comes with handwriting on the wall and it says two years ago in California which is Los Angeles when we was at the cow palace where the in California in a meeting. Why? I happen to think that Pentecost is 50 years old. 1956, it's been 15 years old this year. Now, he done calculations and there was a reason he done it. Now, watch what he says. This year in America. This year in America. Look. Revelations 13. And writing on the wall. America 1956. This is what he says. This is 50 year Pentecost. 50 years ago. The Holy Spirit fell the first time ever since Pentecost. 1956 for the first time 50 years ago the Holy Spirit fell first at Yuzuza which is Los Angeles. So Los Angeles is hooked in with the Holy Ghost the oil. The Holy Spirit fell first at Yuza Street and the old Yuza Street mission in California. So here's points here and I want to draw your whole attention to this quote. Two years ago, we spoke about it here 2026 and he preaches the handwriting is on the wall. That means what is on the wall is Pentecost and the Holy Spirit in California if you are spiritual. So the first time the Holy Ghost fell at Pentecost started 1906. There was the first time it fell. But it was in Los Angeles. The Holy Ghost fell and it's Los Angeles that gets the earthquake. A black brother started it. The Holy Ghost to fall in Los Angeles. And right now in 2026, we have a colored guy. Every second word out of his mouth is the greater works, the Holy Ghost, receive and give. Nobody ever underline it as he did. Psalm We have Trump says nobody can make war against the USA. I want to get into something. But the United States proved once again that we have the most powerful, most lethal, most sophisticated, and most fearsome. It's a fearsome military on planet Earth. And it's not even close. And I've been saying it for a long time. Nobody can take us. Nobody. We don't want to have it. We don't have a discussion. But you read all and you see everything else. Nobody could have done that. Nobody has our weapons. Nobody has the quality of our weapons. The problem is we don't produce them fast enough. We're going to start producing them much faster. We're going to be very tough on the companies. We have the best weapons in the world, but it takes too long to get them, including allies. When allies want to buy them, they have to wait four years for a plane, 5 years for a helicopter. We're not letting that happen anymore. We're telling our defense contractors, you're going to start building faster. Pharaoh says, "No army will dare to make war against Egypt." Babylon felt the same. Rome felt the same. On the battlefield, no nation can touch them. Trump says that inequivocally no nation will dare to come against us. We're too powerful. So I notice the minute they say a thing like that, then God steps in and he destroys that nation with natural disasters, plagues. They can't fight it with swords and shield. America, Los Angeles, they can't keep up with all the technology. Yellowstone will erupt and they can't stop the blast. Will that bring her on her knees? Now, why do you go to America? Because it first fell in America. Revelations 13. All this builds up that atmosphere that God wants to destroy you. Now I want to say again, will Los Angeles be down at the bottom of the ocean and Yellowstone erupts and the atomic bomb finishes up this year. So now the Mets is scary on that quote as brother Brandham does the calculation 50 years he calculated. Now, if we do the maths on that thing, the first time the Holy Ghost fell was 1906, which was when Pentecost broke out in America, 1906. We're in the year 2026. This is this year. Now, watch. Let's do the maths. 1906 and 2026 will give you 120 years. Now thing starts happening. 120 years. The message preached 1956 handwriting on a wall. If you minus it by 50, you come out to 1906 Yiza Street. Now from 1906 to 2026 120 years scary calculations that the Holy Ghost is now here for 120 years. And here comes a guy after 120 years and he says the oil is gone. And now after the oil is gone, the door is shut. So he brings in Noah because Noah preached 120 years and the door was shut. Are we in that environment for Los Angeles to go 120 years this year? Says the Holy Ghost fell. Luke 17:28. As it was in the days of Noah, so will it be when he comes, the doors get shut. I didn't know why I preached that. I didn't know it's going to fall in like this. I didn't know the 120 years is up and here it caught us with our pins down. And that made me so scary that I could jump in and come and tell you. You've been in these series of meetings. Go check this book up and all the dates here to 2026. And here we back here in 2026 referring us back. There is now 120 years. So 2026 the Holy Ghost is here. Then the Holy Ghost oil is taken away like in Genesis 6. My spirit will not strive. And immediately after that 120 years is given and God destroys the earth after he preach 120 years is the door shut my brothers and the Holy Ghost is taken away this year 2026 he takes his spirit in Genesis 6 and lock the war. We said two years ago that there's two years left. Now we found out with the street and the earthquake. So is it possible according to this calculation that this could be the year? I don't know. I hope I'm wrong. I'm only human. I also have feelings. I believe Paul and them had feelings. I have feelings too. All right. Check out is this the season? It's so much look like it with a calculated years. Now at 120th this book at 120th Jubilee the prophet and the chronologist says the rapture must go. And they said it can't go further than 2026. I didn't say so. That's what brother Brandham says in Daniel 70s. That's what the chronologist all of them say. The 120 years is up this year. And the 70th week actually goes right in to Daniel 70 weeks with the 70th jubilee. It all ends this year. So that's the reason I said we have to come into the season. These are the things that makes me think this is the season. So because 120 jubilees from creation the creation was 44 to 2026 is 120 jubilees exactly. song is that why it just came in to me to say it without knowing this. We only found out this when we went back and good search. That's why I said it's it's it's my feeling that the season is right for her to go. And 120 jubilees, if you times it 50 by 50, 50 is jubilee. So if you multiply 120 * 50, you get 6,000. And we're now 6,000 years on the earth. And men was made on the 6th,000th year, the sixth day, which is 120 jubilees. So how could it be so perfect? So man is on the earth for 6,000 years. 6,000 years of sinning this year. And God on the sixth day made man. Is God going to make a new man, the statue of a perfect man for the seventh day which is millennium? The meek shall inherit the earth. So anything after this speak about the Sabbath, but it must be Los Angeles to open up. Now we went through all this in Matthew when the earthquake came, the graves open and the dead raised. So we know what this mean. Is the wise version going to be called to enter the door? It's scary times. Maybe they know what I preach. Enter the door with an earthquake. Noah's day the fountains open. In Genesis 7:11, the founders of the deep was open up. What was that? The earth can't just open up. It had to open up with the earthquake for the water to come, the underneath rivers to come up and then also the atomic explosion or waiting for America. So could it be that at the 120th year of the Holy Ghost and at it's funny at the end of the 120 years here's a man crying and shouting and preaching about the Holy Ghost the atomic bomb in Noah's day too. So it looks pretty. So Jesus said it, nobody ever speak such a lot about peace like Trump. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go now uh to Mara Lago where President Trump is ringing in the new year tonight with festivities at his Palm Beach uh mansion. It is a star-studded crowd tonight at that event. our own Libby Dean. Uh she is there as well. And just a short while ago, she had a question for the president about his resolution uh for the new year ahead. Take a listen. &gt;&gt; Do you have a New Year's resolution? &gt;&gt; I have peace. Peace on earth. Peace on earth. &gt;&gt; Peace on earth. Before uh the celebrations began and Trump wished uh for world peace, there there was work to be done. It was &gt;&gt; every time he says and talks, he talks about peace. And the Bible says they'll speak about peace, peace, and sudden destruction will heed them. In 2026, America will be 250 years old this year. 1786 * 250 is 2026. Trump is already planning a big party. &gt;&gt; My campaign for president, I pledged to give America the most spectacular birthday party the world has ever seen for America's 250th anniversary on July 4th next year. Already, we've had big celebrations to commemorate the 250th birthdays of the Army, the Navy, and the United States Marines. But there is much, much more to come. We're going to have a good time. As we ring in 2026, Americans across the nation will see the iconic Washington Monument illuminated with festive birthday lights to honor the start of this historic anniversary year. Then from June 25th to July 10th of next year, we will host the Great American State Fair on the National Mall, featuring pavilions from all 50 states, highlighting breathtaking innovations and celebrating America's exceptional history and culture. Frankly, you'll never see anything like it, and you'll never see anything like it again. In the fall, we will host the first ever Patriot Games, an unprecedented 4-day athletic event featuring the greatest high school athletes. one young man and one young woman from each state and territory. But I promise there will be no men playing in women's sports. You're not going to see that. You'll see everything but that. As I first announced in 2020, we will build the National Garden of American Heroes featuring statues of alltime greatest Americans. And we will build a triumphal ark as we celebrate 250 years of American freedom. We are the only major city. We are the only major capital. We are the only major place without a triumphal arc. A beautiful triumphal arc. One like in Paris where they have the uh great a beautiful ark in Paris. They call it the arc the triumph. And we're going to have one in Washington DC very soon. Construction will start in the very near future. And next spring, we will host a major prayer event on the National Mall to rededicate our country as one nation under God. We're not changing that. There are a lot of people would like to see it. It'll never happen. And on Flag Day, we will have a one-of-a-kind UFC event here at the White House. It'll be the greatest champion fighters in the world, all fighting that same night. The great Dana White is hosting and it's going to be something special. But all of this is just the beginning. 2026 will be a celebration of America like no other, honoring our nation and all of its glory. To help carry out these exciting plans, we have created a new public private partnership. It's called Freedom 250. Working with states, companies, and organizations across the country, we will renew the patriotism, pride, and pioneering spirit of America and lay the groundwork for the next 250 years of independence and freedom. This will be a time like you've never had in your lives. America 250. Thank you. I love you all. Just like bel you back to handwriting on the wall. They had a big big party that night. And what was it all about? They were the greatest. The walls were so thick nobody can penetrate it. They didn't worry about using security on anything because they felt so secure. And here the handwriting on the wall was that there's another nation that's busy going to take over. And now he puts handwriting on the wall. What is the handwriting on the wall now? What do you read? What's on the wall now? Only thing that's on the wall is modern events. America, America, America. That's all that you read about. And he's going to give a big bash. And while they were drinking and going on, the enemy struck. Could it be while the big party is going on this year for a celebration of 250 years of America? Can that thing happen while the party is on? The FIFA World Cup Soccer Tournament look like one of the best spectacles world the world will ever witness. All the world will be represented there and all that I said let the coliseums of America open and the games begins and sudden destruction hit them. What a season for it to go down. What a time while they were partnering for it to go down. While the whole world is watching, I don't know how many billions is watching. She shakes and she sings a tenth part of the earth right at her party. Then we have the king of England is already planning a trip to the USA. Another special occasion. The whole thing this year is a celebration. Will God then use this celebration like he does it right through in the Bible to shake Los Angeles. I feel that the atmosphere and the season is so right right now for it to happen. Is this opportune time for the earth will give way and a tenth part will lay beyond the ocean. you in this message as you listen to your listen to me it's supposed to shape you if it is like that where am I standing how can I keep my peace but preach Matthew 25:10 and the doors were shut and the earthquake is going to rock the world and the graves will open and the dead in Christ will rise and we that's alive will be changed by the oil the quickening power to meet the Lord in the air. Now Rome the Pope has closed the doors of Jubilee for 2026. Also, &gt;&gt; this is the final stage marking the end of the Catholic Church's Jubilee 2025. On Tuesday, Pope Leo I 14th closed the holy door of St. Peter's Basilica. Before bringing the celebrations to a close, the pontiff recited the prayer of thanksgiving for the holy year. This holy door is closed but the door of your clemency is not closed was the formula provided by the right. The actual walling of the door will take place privately later in about 10 days. This will bring to a close the jubilee of hope inaugurated by Pope Francis in December 2024 marking the first time in history that a jubilee year was presided over by two popes. &gt;&gt; I didn't know that. I just walked in and preach and the door is shut and closed the door too. And the world sees the pope or whoever it is closing the jubilee jubilee pentecost door 120 years up now how can't I say these things when I see these things how many things did I mention now that actually points to one and one thing only that she's got to rock down to the bottom of the ocean. She must. The sixth vision of William Brham, a woman will rise in the USA. And then he says, well, it might be Rome. Two women and I told you two years ago, the other woman Rome. And I said, "Will Trump spiritually be that other woman Rome?" I ask you if Trump will portray that woman that William Brandham saw the Roman Catholic Church. And I just want to go through this and I can close. Revelations 13:3. Revelations. We know that's America. I don't have to go in there. You heard me preach on it. And you in the message know it's America. Now, in Revelation 13:3, it speaks about the dragon and the beast. Two of them. The dragon and the beast. The dragon roam. Revelation 17, the beast. America, Revelations 13, two of them, America and Rome, or Rome and America. That is already fulfilled. The two of them, it's fulfilled before eyes. Revelation 13:4 it says, "Who is like unto the beast?" Trump says, "Who in the world can compare with America?" You heard it. How many times did you know Revelation 13 verse 4 was fulfilled? Right there out of his own mouth is fulfilled. So now we have Revelation 13:3 is fulfilled. We have Revelation 13:4 is fulfilled. Especially now when he went in there to Venezuela, he says it just took us so long. We didn't lose anything. &gt;&gt; Late last night and early today at my direction, the United States armed forces conducted an extraordinary military operation in the capital of Venezuela. Overwhelming American military power. Air, land, and sea was used to launch a spectacular assault. And it was a an assault like people have not seen since World War II. It was a force against a heavily fortified military fortress in the heart of Caracus to bring outlaw dictator Nicholas Maduro to justice. This was one of the most stunning, effective, and powerful displays of American military might and competence in American history. Not a single American service member was killed and not a single piece of American equipment was lost. We had many helicopters, many planes, many, many people involved in that fight. But think of that. Not one piece of military equipment was lost. Not one service member was more importantly killed. The United States military is the strongest and most fearsome military on the planet by far with capabilities and skills. Our enemies can scarcely begin to imagine we have the best equipment anywhere in the world. All Venezuelan military capacities were rendered perilous as the men and women of our military working with US law enforcement successfully captured Maduro in the dead of night. It was dark. The uh lights of Caracus were largely turned off due to a certain expertise that we have. It was dark. and it was deadly and everybody is shaking. The second thing of Revelation 13:4 is who can make war against her now? Is that what he says? There's nobody, no army in the world can compare to America. They too advance. When they went in there, they switch off the lights of the whole country. Nobody know how they done it. But is that Bible? That's Bible. Nobody can can fight her. She stops wars and she causes wars. She make law and she break the law and nobody says anything. I do not know if you listen to the news last night, yesterday when Macron and uh the council of Germany and uh uh that English guy spoke. They asked him straightforward questions. Was America right to go into another country and take over? None of them. None of them actually owned up that it's wrong. They all dived away. Why? Because who can make war against her? Brothers, there is somebody that's watching these things. There's nobody in the message that preaches these things and look at these things in L tabernacle. We don't only preach evangelistical stuff and so forth. We want to know what's happening now. What is modern events now? And nobody says anything. But now you'll know that Revelation 13:4 is fulfilled. Trump's fulfilled it. Then we got Revelation 13:5. He's given a mouth. The Bible says he's given a mouth. Who's got a bigger mouth than Trump? Everybody speaks about his mouth. Hey Who is more braggadocious than that mouth? Don't you know that that scripture he's given that mouth? And I don't have to say nothing here about that mouth. They say it every day over the radio and over the TV. He likes to yap and he goes over time when he speaks about anything else that mouth just goes like that and you sit there and you don't know that scripture that is Bible and that is also fulfilled. This scripture is also fulfilled. Verse six and seven will come to pass. This is his first term. In his second term, now verse seven, it says power was given him. He's got so much power, not even the UN can stop him. He ignores the world courts and justice courts. He doesn't get taken up. Putin go into a country, he takes it over. He is now a war criminal. He goes in, nobody touches him. &gt;&gt; The foreign minister of Greenland, she said a while ago in a press conference in the embassy of Denmark that she made very clear in the meeting that happened here in the White House, what are their limits? She also said that it was a very respectful meeting. Um, are those limits going to be respected? Well, we're going to see what happens with Greenland. We need Greenland for national security. So, we're going to see what happens. Uh they're going to brief me on the meeting right after this conference. &gt;&gt; In fact, the sooner I get you out, the faster I'm going to know exactly what happened. But we have a very good relationship with Denmark, as you know. We'll see. But, uh you know, we're doing the Golden Dome. We're doing a lot of things and we really need it. Uh if we don't go in, Russia's going to go in and China's going to go in and there's not a thing that Denmark can do about it. But we can do everything about it. &gt;&gt; There's no more than what they can do that. &gt;&gt; Well, we're going to see. I mean, look, we're going to see what happens. Uh, but we need it. You know, I'm not the first one. This was talked about in by President Truman and 40 years before President Truman, they were talking about it. They've been talking about this for 100 years. This is not anything so new. A lot of people don't realize that, but this was a hot subject. Probably not as hot as it is now, but it was a hot subject for a long time. We need it for national security and that includes for Europe and I spoke with as you know Mark the head of NATO and he really wants to see something happen on NATO right now it sounds like you are saying that you would potentially acquire Greenland by force that would be a NATO country united are are you saying that would you do that &gt;&gt; you're saying that &gt;&gt; would you acquire them by force you're telling me that that's what I'm going to do you don't know what I'm going to So what are the options? Your network doesn't know either. The the Danish foreign minister said that there's still fundamental differences after the meeting with Rubio and with the vice president. Are you willing to uh leave the NATO alliance in order to get what you want with Greenland? What are the options right now? &gt;&gt; I won't be telling you what I'm willing to do. Certainly. I'm not going to give up options, but it's very important. Greenland's very important for the national security, including of Denmark. And the problem is there's not a thing that Denmark can do about it if Russia or China wants to occupy Greenland. But there's everything we can do. You found that out last week with Venezuela. There's everything we can do about things such as that. Not going to happen. Uh we're not, you know, I can't rely on Denmark being able to fend themselves off. You know, they were talking about they put an extra dog and they were serious about this. They put an extra dog sled there last uh month. They added a second dog sled. That's not going to do the trick. &gt;&gt; Denmark fought alongside the United States in both Afghanistan. &gt;&gt; Thank you for coming. I appreciate it. I have a living relationship and we'll see how it all works out. I think something will work out. &gt;&gt; What power is that? &gt;&gt; The G20 shake under him. They say we can't do anything until Trump comes. That scripture fulfilled. Never was there a man that had so much power and power was given him. So right behind him there stands the dragon. This is also fulfilled. Revelation 38. Look at all the world trembling before him. presidents run after him. It's only the bride William Brennham had called out. The wise virgin will not fall for the beast and the dragon. Revelations 13, Revelation 17. We can play you the clips that all the presidents shake before him. This scripture also fulfilled. Thank you, Prophet William Brennham. Revelation 13:11 got two homes like a lamb Christianity. He gives Israel back Jerusalem. Nice. A lamb Christianity religious horn adhorn political play with politics like a cat plays with a mouse. They can't catch him on politics. He walks over them. Is that your two? But you see exactly no politician stands against him. So, Revelations 13 verse 11 also fulfilled. Revelations 13:12 and the all the world saw future saw exercise all the power of the first beast before him. He will lead everybody back to the dragon. Most of his cabin is Roman Catholic. We gave you that already. Kennedy is the biggest one. His wife is a Catholic. His children is Catholic. And here's a pig that he looks like the Pope. Catholic. deadly womb which the Protestants afflicted is healed now. How is it healed? She's got American pope. So that healed the wound. America heal the horn. Now you got an American pope which is the dragon. And you got an American president who is the beast. The wound is healed. There's nothing against her. Revelation 13:13, he does great wonders. He makes fire come down from heaven. Is that fulfilled? He makes fire come down from heaven. Did we see how he took over with playing the clip? How the fire came down from heaven when he took Venezuela? How the fire came down and took the boats out? Fire came down in Yemen. Fire came down out of heaven and finish off Iran. And everybody is shaking. Every other president is shaking. He can come in any time and take over and there's nothing you can do. Here is the fire that comes down from heaven fulfilled. Revelation 13:16 and 17. Receive the mark of the beast. Oil gone. Seal of God gone. But now mark of the beast. Not out of Rome. the dragon revelation 17 by the mark of the beast come out of revelations 13 America comes the mark of the beast now what is the mark of the beast so that you can't buy or sell who brings the boycott who says you're not going to sell oil to that place you're not going to do this unless we say it who does that the buying and the selling now not Revelation 13. Unless you carry his mark, unless you agree with him, you can't make business anywhere in the world. He says we put a boycott on China, Russia, South America, Africa. She takes them all. And isn't that exercising the power of the first beast? Who takes them in a time of Jesus? Rome. Who is this fulfilled? Revelations 13. We will give you page 218 of this book. It must be 120 jubilees to 2026. And on page 162, birth of Jesus, 3 and 4 AD, 4,000 years from creation. From that another 2,000 years to 2026, 70 jubilees all together 120 jubilees. The 6,000 years is over. We need a Sabbath. Then he brings in the fig tree 1948 2028. And if we should go to Matthew 24:32 as I close. the fig tree when his branches is yet tender when she's still young and put forth leaves when it's still young. You know summer is nigh. So likewise when you see all these things the tenderness know it is near then he comes back even at the door. This was angelless even at the door. Not it's near, it's even at the door. When the door open, it's finished. Truly I say unto you, that generation shall not pass till all these things be fulfilled. If we take 1946 when the angel told William Marian Brham, Israel is a nation and we do the maths of it. 1946 to 19206 is 80 years. 80 years this year, that's two generations. And Jesus says one generation. This is not tender branches. She's not attended little nation anymore. She's a world power. So already we in the second generation. Could this be the time for Los Angeles to go down? I leave it up to you and each one of us has a feeling and this is my feeling that she without doubt is in the right season to go. I pray that there's such a lot of people that don't have the Holy Ghost and I don't know where they're going to get the Holy Ghost from. And the door is shut. How they going to make? Now not only outside there right here in our church al tabernacle if you have missed it while sitting in tabernacle there's not much we can do for you. We have run after the backsliders all these years and uh they didn't come. We can't run after them anymore. We can only help them that wants to be helped. So I want to ask the deacons to check out which of them wants to go into the door. God bless you. Thank you. The Bible says there were 120 gathered in the upper room according to Acts 1:15. And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples and said, "The number of names together were about 120." Now we are 120 years down the line after the Holy Ghost came at Isuza Street, Los Angeles, California, 1906 to 2026 equals 120 years. Watch that 120. Could it be this year? An exposition of the seven church ages. Nine. The Leodysian church age. The name Leodysia which means people's rights was very common and was given to several cities in honor of royal ladies so named. This city was one of the most politically important and financially flourishing cities in Asia Minor. Enormous amounts of property were bequeathed to the city by prominent citizens. It was the seat of a great medical school. Its people were distinguished in the arts and sciences. It was often called the metropolis as it was the county seat for 25 other cities. The pagan god worshiped there was Zeus. In fact, this city was once called Diopoulos, city of Zeus, in honor of their god. In the 4th century, an important church council was held there. Frequent earthquakes finally caused its complete abandonment. How fitting were the characteristics of this last age to represent the age in which we now live. &gt;&gt; That's solemn warning. We don't know what time and you don't know what time that this city one day is going to be laying out here at the bottom of this ocean. Oh, Capernium said Jesus, thou who exalted into heaven will be brought down into hell. FOR IF THE MIGHTY WORKS HAD BEEN DONE IN SODOM AND GOMORRAH, it had been standing to this day. And Sodom Gomorrah lays at THE BOTTOM OF THE DEAD SEA, and Capernium's in the bottom of the sea. Thou city who claims to be the city of the angels, WHO'S EXALTED YOURSELF INTO HEAVEN, AND SENT ALL THE DIRTY, FILTHY THINGS OF FASHIONS AND THINGS TO EVEN THE FOREIGN COUNTRIES COME HERE TO PICK UP OUR filth and send it away. THROUGH YOUR FINE CHURCHES AND STEEPLES AND SO FORTH THE WAY YOU DO. REMEMBER, ONE day you will be laying in the bottom of this sea. You're a great honeycomb under you right now. THE WRATH OF GOD IS BELCHING RIGHT BENEATH YOU. HOW MUCH LONGER YOU'LL HOLD THIS SANDBAR HANGING OVER that when that ocean I enter a MILD DEEP WILL SLIDE IN THERE, PUMP BACK TO THE SALT AND SEA. &gt;&gt; IT'LL BE WORSE THAN THE LAST DAY OF POMPEI. REPENT, LOS ANGELES. REPENT THE REST OF YOU AND TURN TO GOD. THE HOUR OF HIS WRATH IS UPON THE EARTH. FLEE WHILE THERE'S TIME TO FLEE AND COME INTO CHRIST. &gt;&gt; The ancient Roman city of Pompei was a wealthy tourist city that sat on the coast near the Bay of Naples. In AD62, an earthquake of 7.5 magnitude demolished the city of 20,000 people, killing more than 2,000. The damage extended to the city of Herculanium, and the destruction was as extensive as the tsunamis in Japan and Indonesia in the 2000s. Due to an inability to communicate immediately, Rome was unaware of the earthquake. And on that same day, February 5th, the port of Austia in Rome was hit by a tidal wave caused by the Pompei quake, destroying three ships containing a year's supply of grain for Rome. The city of Pompei experienced extensive damage. On August 24th, AD79, Mount Vuvius, directly outside of Pompei, erupted for 24 hours, creating a bigger disaster than Pompei had already seen more than 16 years earlier. The eruption was accompanied by two different phases. The first was that of pummus fallout in which a rain of lightweight pellets of pummus and ash fell from the sky burying the city in 2.5 m of debris. Plenny described seeing the plume of ash that rose from the mountain as an umbrella pine that gradually fell over the surrounding areas. The second phase was the pyrolastic surge, a 100 mph cloud of poison gas and pulverized rock that poured down the mountain, engulfing everything in its path. The first part of the eruption produced total darkness, filled with some electric charges, and engulfed everything in Pompei and Herculanium. This killed numerous people. The Roman city of Pompei, 1st century AD, an affluent, vibrant, and progressive hub near Naples. With Mount Vuvius towering over the city, inactive for centuries, the people of Pompei had no fear of the great volcano. But deep inside Vubuvius, molten rock had been leaking from the Earth's crust, a thick plug of rock in the volcano blocked its exit, and explosive pressure slowly grew inside. On the morning of August 24th, 79 AD, Pompei was about to meet its fate. The volcano finally erupted, sending molten rock 15 km into the sky. The day turned black as the hot rock mixed with the air over Pompei, blocking the sun, cooling and falling on the city as pmis rock, ash, and rain. 4 billion tons of material would fall on Pompei within 24 hours. Ash and magma collided in the air, triggering volcanic lightning. As the eruption continued, the magma chamber eventually emptied and collapsed. The first pyrolastic surge towards Pompei begins. These are groundhogging avalanches of hot ash, pummus, and volcanic gas that rush towards Pompei at 100 km per hour. The first surge falls just short of the city, but asphyxiation from toxic gas and ash killed many. 16 hours after the first eruption, the volcano column completely gave way. &gt;&gt; Pyrolastic waves smashed through houses, leaving victims instantaneously encased in blankets of ash and pummus. The city and its people were frozen in time. Mount Vuvius buried Pompei in 25 m of volcanic rock and ash. Pompei was rediscovered by accident over 1500 years later in 1594. Amen. Good evening everybody. We greet you in that beautiful name of our Jesus, King God. As we've listened to this clip and we realize the lateness of the hour, where we are standing, where we've come to, what time it is, we would like to extend this invitation. If there's anybody, anyone, any backslider, anybody that feels touched by this broadcast that has come, we would ask that you make a way back to God in this last call. If there's anybody that's convicted out there, there's anybody that feels they want to come in in this late hour, we will contact you or you contact us and we will look into trying to get you in the last call, the last plea in the lateness of this hour. So take this opportunity, take this time, take what God is giving you cuz it's already too late to even make up your mind to make it in. But from the ministry, from El Tabernacle to anyone, please contact us. We will try our level best. Give your heart to the Lord. get yourself back to God before and if it is already too late, we will go this extra mile with you. It's in the context that we make this clip and this plea the days of Elijah when he said he was the only one left. God told Elijah opposite on the other side of this mountain, I've got 7,000 that didn't bow. they need to bow. Maybe you one that God is calling for. And in that context, we extend this invitation. Maybe you that one that God is waiting for. Be that one. Take the opportunity. You'll never get it again. May God undertake for us all. And may God richly bless you. But take this plea, take this call, give your heart to the Lord and make way, make make a way back to God in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
