################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-09-12 - Secret Meat - Coleman.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2015-09-12
Title:   Secret Meat
Speaker: Coleman
Church:  Coleman Family Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri9R4GiVvVc
========================================

Description:
Bro. Coleman
Forest Hills, NY
May 19, 1974
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I'm reading from St. John 4 the 4th chapter verse 31-38 in 2 Kings 19th chapter uh 29th verse St. John the 4th chapter verse 31. In the meanwhile, while his disciples prayed him, saying, "Master, eat." But he said unto them, "I have meat to eat that ye know not [Music] of." Therefore said the disciples one to another, "Hath any man uh brought him ought to eat?" Jesus saith unto them, my need is to do the will of him that sent me and to finish his work. Say not ye, uh, they are yet four months, and then cometh harvest. Behold, I say unto you, lift up your eyes, and look on the fields, for they are white already to harvest. And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gatherth fruit unto life eternal, that both he that sweth, and he that reapeth may rejoice together. And herein is that saying true, one sweth, another reapeth. I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labor. Other men labored, and ye are entered into their labors. And uh 2 Kings the 19th chapter verse 29. And this shall be a sign unto thee. Ye shall eat this year such thing as grow of themselves. And into the and in the second year that which springeth of the same and in the third year sow ye and reap and plant vineyards and eat the fruits thereof. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. Let us have a word of prayer. Father, we can only read the holy rip, the scriptures. But Father, uh uh you must come upon them and breathe upon them and and bring life and spirit out of the scriptures, Father. For the flesh profited nothing, but the spirit quickenth. Now, Father, may you quicken the word of the Lord to the predestinated seeds of God that have gathered here this morning. and may uh uh their hearts uh receive a basket full of goodies this morning. And they'll they'll be able to go forth from the gates uh uh uh praising you, thanking you, and saying, "Then our hearts burn within us as you speak to us by the wayside." Father, breathe upon the word now and give it life. We pray and we ask that in Jesus name we say, "Amen." You may be seated. I'd like to take a a thought out of here, a a secret meat. But Jesus said that I have meat that you know nothing of. And so I like to call that meat the the secret meat. Amen. Now um before I bring in a few thoughts on the word of the Lord this morning, you don't mind if I take off my jacket. Amen. I don't believe that the Lord's looking at my jacket. Look at my heart this morning. Amen. So we thank the Lord for that. Now, um, so I'd like to give a little testimony, uh, concerning Trinidad and and Venezuela. And as you know, I told you some time back, I believe it was February or somewhere around here, uh, January, February, that was February, that the Lord uh, I was seeking the Lord uh, about where I would go. I have so many invitations to go all over the this country and around and I didn't I want to be in God's will. And I realized that it wasn't in the thus saith the Lord season. And then some people, you know, they said, "Well, what are you going out for?" Cuz you you said that when you go out, you have thus sayeth the Lord. Well, see, they don't understand. See, I I have to do the will of God, the one that sent me. See, and finish his work. And so many people, they don't they haven't even understood what's been going on here for 8 years. Much less could they understand that, you see? So see the whole thing I even spoke to you that it's a CIA work. Remember see I'm doing a secret work. You see I said it I hope I thought that they would catch it you know. So and I'm still doing that. Amen. See it's secret meet secret work. You see and God is down on the earth now. And the world don't even know it. He's doing secret work. We're doing secret work. We secret angels in this world. We're from another world, another kingdom. Amen. just finding out the thing here for the lost elected ones. So I'm I'm on a mission. And when I go down to Puerto Rico and Trinidad, I'm on a mission. Amen. Looking for the elected one that'll that'll come to that perfect sacrifice. No add mixture, nothing added, nothing taken away the way she presented as Malachi 4 said it. Amen. That's the mission I was on. I told him I told the whole church. So therefore, I never said I had thus sayeth the Lord. But I did explain to you what happened in Tucson when the Holy Spirit revealed to me what I was doing out there. He said, "You are sewing the seed for the dynamics." And that's I came to the whole church. I'm sewing for the dynamics. Amen. So, cuz the revelation, the end time late seeds that's laid in the spoken word tapes, they have got to be sold just before the resurrection to bring up that ministry of Jesus Christ upon the earth. That'll raise the dead. When the power of the Forest Hill Church rises, it'll bring the brethren. And the power of the other churches around the world rise, it'll bring the brethren. Well, how you going to get the power? The people not looking for the power. So you got to sew the seed for that power of the resurrection. Some is looking for watermelons and some looking for a great man and a pope and a great church. But who's looking for the dynamics of God, the charity, divine love, the ministry of Jesus Christ? The works that I do shall you do also. That's what I'm looking for. And I got to sew it down the right way. See? And you can cuz you can't have the the mechanics without the dynamic. Got to be together. See? And that's what it was all about. And so realizing that uh in prayer, the Holy Spirit spoke to my heart uh thinking about Georgia and Ohio and Indiana, different places. And the Holy Spirit spoke three words. It says Puerto Rico, Trinidad, Venezuela over and over. So as you know, I went down to Puerto Rico and the Lord did bless and then I went to Trinidad and Venezuela. So I cannot say myself what happened there, but uh it'd be hard for me. You understand? How can I stand up and talk about what I was doing? It was the Lord. See, so it'd be kind of hard for me to do that, you know. But uh but the Lord interceded and soft was God. And uh a a friend to Sister Leone from Trinidad wrote her a letter already. And I feel a four-page letter is a testimony of what actually happened down there in Trinidad. So, Brother Hunt, he's going to read it to you. Brother Hunt. Amen. Say amen. That's the testimony from Trinidad and truly it uh really was a a real blessing being there and seeing the brothers and realizing that uh in Trinidad, many other places, many uh uh people from America go down with their interpretations and God knowing that there would be a little confusion. I I just come down to try to help and straighten it out. Amen. And so as always, people sometimes they don't uh really zero in on the word and give respect to the man of God until he's finished speaking. You see, and so as the brother testified of he came in with a critical spirit and he got nothing. And that's how many years they tell you, you come, you know, all shook up about what happened last night and this morning, you can't get nothing. You know, that's what that's the spirit you're in. You see? And so it was a real blessing being there. And what it was uh uh the brothers there seemed to be the latine doctrine and church order seemed to be uh the prevalent thing down there. I didn't know what it was until I got there because I wouldn't go to brother Ojars for that purpose so that they wouldn't think I was with him. So I just went and stayed by myself. See and then I and he didn't tell me anything. And this the Lord I'm glad he did. The Lord just showed me. See, and I had to speak on the letter rain all about three nights running. And then Friday night, I felt it was kind of rough at first cuz uh they was standing down on level ground in the schoolhouse and there was no microphone and I had to a scream out over top of the people's heads and whatnot and that was kind of rough. And the next night they had a microphone and you had to hold it in one hand. See? And so, but then finally the third night they had it all set up and I just felt I said, "Well, I feel tonight that God's going to break this thing open in here tonight." Amen. And so he sure did. And the Holy Spirit fell upon the people and you should have been wonderful to seeing them reaching over two and three rows uh crying and weeping and grabbing one another and making amends for the different things. I didn't know what was in those people's hearts. And then uh Thursday mo Friday morning the three ministers that was mentioned Walter and Shanei and Sanki and Sham they come to see me and one of the brothers said uh what do you think about this here? I said about what you know they want me to explain something there. I said well brother one time when God walked the earth in the days of his flesh some Pharisees came up to question him. Do you have a question for me? Ask it. I'll answer it if I can. And that just set everything up just nice to you know when you have a question we'll ask the man the question that's all. See they come to trap Jesus the word. See and so just be open and God bless you. Amen. Don't come you know like this. You know what I mean? Just come straight say brother Cole brother H so and so and so this happened. Say it. You know what I mean? Don't try to you know the Holy Spirit pick you right out. See. Amen. So that was wonderful. And we had a wonderful conversation and the Lord showed me what it was. Uh these brothers was believing that the latter rain is coming over here and it's going to shape the world. Cuz I know the brother who taught that down there and we all know him from here in this area. He brought that doctrine down there and nobody got the Holy Ghost saying this is going to happen over here. The latter rain outpouring over here. See? And then brother Ojar and I call them the Orthodox group. They are saying that the latter rain has come and it has come. was gone and we're right in the sun. So then this group is fussing at this other group here because they ain't looking for this, you see. But meanwhile, brother Oj's looking for a manifestation of God at the end of at the end here, but he never called it anything. You see? So then I just said, "Well, I see where I saw where it was at." So I came right down the middle. Amen. See, so I said, "Well, this group here know that the Latin has come, but they're not sure about what this is. And this group over here is looking for the latter rain over here and saying here the latter rain hasn't come here yet. So both is wrong. So I just come down the middle cuz the latter and the former rain has come. And what shook them up was the Wednesday night when I uh uh presented the wave sheet and prove that the former rain was formed from 33 to 63. That threw everybody off. They never heard that one before at all. thing. Then I prove that the former rain was added, added, added, added in Malachi 4. For 30 years, the seed of God had grown from a little seed in June 1933 on the banks of the Ohio River. And when the telephone rang, William Brown picked the telephone up and nobody else, they heard the ring, but they didn't hear the words. Malachi 4 heard the words. Amen. And then his faith in the words that he heard to him watered the seed in his heart. And so it is the day with the bride. The telephone rang around the world. Church woke up. Go out and meet the bridegroom. But the bride picked the telephone up. And she heard beautiful words from God. Child of mine, I called you. I have redeemed you from the foundation of the world. I sprinkle the blood of Jesus Christ over you. And here we are sitting here today. So our faith in the words that we heard has warned the seed of God in us. Now we're about 9 months pregnant ready to bring forth a spiritual manifestation of Jesus Christ. That's all it is. Very simple. So I explained that Wednesday night and they they were shook up. And then I said the former and the latter come over through 63 through 65. So brother old joy indeed was right cuz the latter rain did come. And over here they I said, "Brothers, you better put the ladder rain over here." I said, "What you looking for over here is the reaping, but you better sew it over here. You never get it over there." So other way, brother Graham said on the rising of the sun, he says, "If you don't have the mechanics here, you sure your dynamics there, it's not going to mean nothing." That's right. The Holy Spirit will fall. But if you if you didn't receive every word in the latter rain here sold in your heart here, don't look for anything over there. You see? So I just sort of brought him back to the middle, you know, and so therefore everybody was happy. Amen. But uh be as it may was wonderful to sit down with the brothers and meet with them and see all the things that happened. People came up to my to my wife and I and said they hadn't been sleeping and uh all kind of things were going on. And so I find that um what it is with people around the world uh they don't have a real revelation of the uh the the holiness of God. And many different brothers came to me and said I say what's on my mind. I said wow brother I don't want to say what's on my mind. I said Lord God take my thoughts away from me. So I find they get in trouble like that you know and they don't know it. They think that's being honest and out. No, that's being foolish. You see? And so they if they get a little idea about something all people all around all over America, everywhere now, not just uh I'm not speaking about one place now, but I'm saying that uh soon as they get something, they come right to the person. They blast the person. You see, without I mean uh you know, angels uh fear the tread. You know, some people walk with hobnail shoes on. You know what I mean? Angels fear the tread. Even the the angels himself wouldn't even curse Satan. Said the Lord God rebuke you, Satan. You see, so if we would be more conscious of the fear of God, then we'll find we won't be in so many binds, you know. And I see so many people say that um well uh uh I know this is right, you see, but until God convicts me, I'm not going to do it. Well, they don't understand. God saw the attitude in their heart. He'll never convict them. He'll let them sit right in the church and they go right on and and and feeling the Holy Spirit being in the church. They go, but they'll left God. They're not going to convict them. But I find that attitude all around. When he convicts me, they now they know it's in the word. Satan, but they won't come to it. They're waiting for the Holy Spirit to do a private work for them. And he's doing the work through the word. They missed it. He's on the earth now in the word doing this work. And they're waiting for some kind of a manifestation on the outside to do the same work he's doing in the form of the word. See, so praise God. So then brother Ojar he certainly was wonderful. He said how brother Coleman said the aisle just set on fire and brother Furlong his brother-in-law it was his college there. They were just so happy. And brother Furlong he followed me over to Venezuela and we had some more fellowship. He wanted some more. Amen. So I said, "Well, okay, brother." And he came over there the following Friday and then but he he brought over a report that some of the brothers come right back to brother Ojar fighting again you know and so he prayed for brother Ojar and the brothers down there that uh they would just wait see and don't be with accusations and so it it sort of grieved me to hear that after the outpouring of the love and the unity of God and all the ministers met me at the airport and they gave me a gift on behalf of all the miners at the airport See, and so that really made my heart glad that I know what God told me in January in Tucson, January 12th, the unity of the faith. So, I know what I'm doing. And so, therefore, when I saw the the counter attack going this way, then I said, "Well, I don't know what's happening here, so I'll explain it to you this morning, but it's in the word of the Lord." So then when I saw the reaction from Puerto Rico coming straight down the line with the wave sheet and then all the things that I'm hearing now, I said, "Well, what is going on?" But it's in the word, say, "Amen." So we're here now. So therefore, it was certainly wonderful being there in Trinidad and I told the brothers if I like to get a chance to come back down and maybe visit down into Guyana also. Now um so therefore we also had a ministers conference on a Saturday and all the the wives came with the ministers and uh it was a wonderful meeting. I was caught there. I didn't understand. They says relax. So I came with a sports shirt on and slacks and they had on white shirt and ties and suits. So it's kind of odd to have anything with me but the Lord blessed anyway. And so we thank God. And so now, um, I want to say this morning, but when we I saw the brothers walk up to me that morning and repenting and I was upstairs eating and a little waiter up there and he says, "Uh, uh, Reverend Coleman, the saints is downstairs." I said, "The saints, you wow, some saints is downstairs." And I saw the brothers standing there about eight of them there and he says, "Brother Coleman, we have judged you wrong and we've come to repent." I said, "Wow, I never seen that before." You know, so then each one said what he had in his heart and they all got it out and then we just the Holy Spirit come down and people all over was watching the whole thing. We stood right in one spot. See? And so then was able to help some other people that was um kind of mixed up, you know, and that Sunday morning, the Lord blessed and just laid out some things down there. And so, Brother Ojo, I said, "I got me licks, too, man." Amen. So, everybody got the licks and all got lick me down as they say down there, you know. So, they all got some licks, not from me, from the word. Amen. See, so, but that was the attitude. They were happy to to get their licks, you know. Amen. So, brother Oj, he just said it, we getting our licks. Amen. So, say praise God for praise God for the licks. Amen. Amen. See, so in other words, God only uh otherwise as we say in the south, uh uh he doesn't uh peck nobody else's bitties, you know, pecks his own bitties, you know, so that God take care of his own children. He just lets down the whip a little bit and when they get out of line. Amen. So that's all it is. See that we might understand. Now we we went on over to uh Venezuela and wow went on the battlefield and brother uh brother Galon had met me and I had felt led to call on April the 30th before I left. He said brother Coleman he says we had an explosion down here. I said what? I waited 8 years to come to Venezuela. Every brother hunt told me how they sing. How the all the ministers told me in America here, oh, go down there. Go down there. They sing in the people. That's one little word they scream and shout. The church seat over a thousand people in there, you know. I said, "Well, I can't wait to get down there." I go down there. Why? It was a battle. Amen. That's a lot to go into the battle zone, you know. And so he told me that there was all torn up. Some strange doctrine had come from Puerto Rico and William Marian Brown and they are praying his name and Marian is supposed to be the name in the thunders and all kind of stuff. See? So I said, "How this get started then?" And and I was supposed to be coming down to bust up brother God's denomination. I'm the great bishop from America, New York, coming down to break this thing up down here. I said, "Are you kidding me or what?" I said, "I better stay home." He said, "So, I said,"Well, will those ministers be there?" Cuz they had the pastor's conference every first Tuesday in each month. He said, "They definitely will be there cuz they're waiting for you to vindicate them." They said that you're on their side and you going to straighten me out and the rest of us. I said, "I'm going to do that to them." Wow. So I had spoke to brother George Smith here Rebecca's husband and told him he couldn't believe because nobody could believe that was the last place where they had a oneness a unity all these years everywhere else and the message is torn up you know that with all strange ideas and whatnot but they held it there so I knew why cuz only one man spoke English that's why that was Galon and so the others didn't understand English I said brother if you had about four brothers speaking English down here it would have been ripped apart a long time ago cuz each man got his own his own idea But you kept it because you had your idea, you see. But now they've been fed from the mouth of their mother and they want to they feel strong. They want to go on their own, you know. So you can't hold that back. That's just nature, you know. Have to let them go. So I try to explain that. But you know in your own each person they don't, you know, that hurts them, you know, it hurt, you know. So you have that also the hurt feelings you know of this beautiful fellowship and the the glass is broken a beautiful vase and trying to put it back together you can't it's broke have another one amen see so then um I was the bishop coming down to straight down brother Galon and Venezuela one faction said I was going to confirm them and the other faction brother gone they were puzzled see and so then all right I went in Tuesday morning and for 3 hours or so before I left laying in the bed about 5 in the morning, the Holy Spirit said, "Take the bruised serpent with you." And I took it and then that was the word of the Lord. I read three pages from the bruised serpent that Brother Bram left the field. When the bruis the serpent come out of Canada and uh it went down to Georgia and you who follow the message, you know what I'm talking about. They come out of Canada uh that that that deity spirit that William Ram is God. See, and then they went to Georgia and on on your bruis serpent, Brother Brandham was so torn up, he left the field. He said, "And every soul that that he cannot bring to the Lord will be laid at their charge on the day of judgment." And he was so shook up and torn up. You read it there and you see, he'll leave the field. He said, "Oh, that is a horrible thing. That's an error. That is of the devil. That's thus saith the Lord." So, I read all that to them and it just sort of straightened it out. But what it was, he had a vision and he started to hit the serpent on on the head and somebody said don't do that there. Hit him here and he hit him in the middle. So um Canada North and Georgia is in the south and Indiana was in the middle and he chopped the serpent in half in the middle and bruised them and just wiggle on into the a little puff of water. That was 19 in the 50s already. And my heart broke to see that same spirit going to Puerto Rico years later. Here it's like it's something new. It's been here all the time. That's right. Been here in America all the time. We go and we live with it right in the message here. And it goes down like it's some revelation under the white stone or something. See? And that's what's there. And so I had to face it. I had to call down to Puerto Rico a Thursday to Rain and David Lloyd and Carmen. That's what they got down there. And I spoke to the pastor in my sister Iris downstairs. Father, Sister Iris, I know she's down there. The pastor in my way thought that she caught the revelation. They was current and brother Eddie was in service down there and he come over to her, you know, he said, "Ah." He says, "See, you're more spiritual than Brother Coleman for you know that the name." See, and you go back. She's down in the basement. God bless you. Amen. So he said you're more spiritual than brother Coleman cuz you know something he don't know. The name of William Brandham is the name of the thunders. You see so there you are. So therefore brother Eddie and Irish they saw firsthand what happened down there. So it happened that the pastor was in brother David's house when I called Thursday. I says put him on the phone. I said brother Lord bless you. I said but I come down there and love and I says told my own people to go into your church and pay their tax. I says, "Now I hear this, brother. That's the Antichrist spirit. I'm releasing David Re from your charge as of now." I said, "I'm telling them to get away from that filthy table. That's vomit. I don't want those children eating vomit from your table there." I said, "Brother, that's Antichrist. And I'll face you in the day of judgment. That is thus sayith William Mary Brown, the prophet of God." So he said, "Well, when when you coming down to Puerto Rico?" I said, "I don't know." I said, "But I'm just telling you now." I said I'll tell brother account whoever else is involved whoever's involved in it if our sheep got anything to do with it. See I didn't do anybody else. See but I understand I can't prove it but he said it to sister Iris and Eddie and therefore I can say it to him. See and brother David told me. So I got that straight out already. So we thank God. So with that is many other things. See so what is it? Brother Brham said that if he uh if the spirit didn't come that said that he was the Christ then he would have to repent of the Elijah ministry for they said John are you the Christ are you that prophet therefore the spirit of Elijah is the spirit of Christ and the spirit of of Elijah is to make people think that that man is the Christ and if that's uh if that if that spirit of Christ or Malachi before you ran him didn't produce the same thing it was in the spirit of Elijah. You understand? See, it's it's the reverse. The spiritual ones catch it on the other side. See, but the other ones, oh, I'm all shook up. Why? Why? What do you mean? Why? It says that thou are you in Christ? Therefore, the Bible said so. That's right. So, you just move on. Amen. Amen. See, and so, but then, of course, Brother Bram's a human being. He felt bad. So, he explained it. So, therefore, that was down there. And then the Lord just went off about 3 hours. the soul to break that out of there and then at night uh preached the wave sheet and presented the wave sheet and the fire fell. Amen. And one of the brothers who was the main one that was uh uh uh projecting these things. He came up in the pulpit in the view of a thousand people and he hugged brother Galdon. See, and then all the pastors went together crying, weeping. And so I thought maybe it was broke, but it really wasn't. See, and when I got down there, Brother George Smith was there and God sent him down there for us. Amen. And so, cuz I wouldn't have known the other side. I only known one side and I might have said something for this side and it might have hurt some sheep on that side, you see. So, whereas might be 15 passes involved, might be only three or four hard-nosed ones, you know, and the others just like confused, you see. So, I had to think of that on both sides and come down the middle. So the other brother asked brother George if I would sit with him and a little fellowship and I did and I got his views. I got his views and these views and I just come right down the middle brother. But when you come down the middle each each side is not going to go all out for you. Telling you right now and I tell you I know but I know that. And so I couldn't get nothing from this side nor that side cuz I stayed in the middle and that was the battle that I that we was in. Sister Cole and I and John and brother. It was rough. it don't be for George Smith. I was ready to pack up and leave that place. You see, that's the way my human heart. That's where I felt because uh I said, "What? I come down here to be a blessing and here I'm at like I'm a devil or something." See, and so I'm only saying what's right and you know the people don't want to take the word. See, they want to drown in their own sorrow. You know, why and what and think back and whatnot. See, so I really I was weary, exhausted, and Jonathan got sick. I just had no desire to go on. I said, "Man, I I'd go over to Caracus and get a hotel and find a a beach somewhere away a secluded spot and just sit down there and look out across the sea to New York." Say, "I salute you." Amen. Praise the Lord. Cuz I I was disgusted, you know. See? So, but uh nevertheless, that's the way the Lord takes you. See, you just don't know. See, so Wednesday night, I had a message. If you see me go dead, it was flat. Brother come over from Bolivia and he got into the situation. Should never have done that. He was a visitor. He got budded into the business in Venezuela and he spoke all emotional everything and just fan the fires and it was already calmed down Tuesday night and he fans it Wednesday night before I preached. Can you imagine what I walked into? Brother G, don't don't you judge yourself. This is the hand of the Lord. and walks out the pulpit and we walk in. Oh my brother gather said shall we stand which late a romantic woman has to preach now and there and therefore I walk into the atmosphere the congregation wondering what is he talking about nobody said nothing and there I was standing there like that nothing dead I preached and preached and preached just pound just like I said just to get it out that's all I even mentioned the raising of the dead here in New York City now you mention anywhere there's a shout goes up back. Then I knew when I stuck that in there, I said, "Well, there's something wrong here." So I just went on out. That's all. And then um but a real blessing come. Brother George says after the first night, he says, "Well, brother Co says, I always told Brother Billy that there was something more to these tapes, something deeper than just quotes." So that was real blessing. Amen. So he picked that up saying, "So I said, "Well, praise God. I'm sure you know what I'm talking about." Amen. See, that's a repercussion from there coming back here and then you know, see, so how do we know the steps of the righteous order of the Lord? Don't ever question God, why you doing something? Amen. Go down there and lay down a wave sheet. You don't know where it's going to go at. You understand? You don't know where it's going. See? But I couldn't know until I got there. And then uh uh that happened. Then uh felt better. Then brother Furlong calls me Thursday night. He comes over and says, "All the brothers are coming against brother O. I can hardly sleep that night." And I know what happened from Puerto Rico. And here I'm in Venezuela. And now here's uh um Trinidad and kind of upset me. And I says, "Boy, I said I know the Lord told me to come here and I laid down the word and all the blessings in both places and now this place here." And so I still didn't get it. I just went on like that. And then Thursday night I just had a heart. Well, Thursday afternoon they asked me to pray for a baby in a in a house somewhere and brother George took us there. We prayed for this sick baby. It had a fever inside and it wasn't nothing on the outside and had been sick for days, you know, and the mother was crying and everything. So we laid hands upon the baby. I saw that baby's healed. I said, "We had a little baby over here, a normal baby." And the eye was crossed there and just uh picked the baby up in dedication and God healed the baby. I said, "That baby's healed now." That's it. I said, "Mother, he's healed now." Spoke those words and went on, forgot about it. And then this brother called me and then uh so after so Thursday night told brother Galdon was up on my heart. I said, "Brother Galdon, I've been around a long time." I said, "Brother, I know when I'm being jobed, you know what I mean now? And I'm being joged in this place here. I says, "You got a faction here." I said, "Look, there's 15 pastors here, man, involved. You got a thousand people there that's supposed to be on your side. And you think they cannot overpower the 15?" I said, "Something is wrong somewhere." I said, "Last night, 15 people. What are they going to do against a thousand people that's waiting for Herman Co to come and preach the word?" What happened, brother? I I've been around a long time. I said, "No, there was somebody among them thousand out there that's coming against me also." You know, he said, "No." I said, "Yeah." Oh, yeah. See, so then that night I I told the people, I said, "I would be a hypocrite if I don't confess to you that I felt that you that you treated me rough last night." I said, "I'm only here as a visiting a guest here. I don't know what's I'm not anything in here. I I'm here to preach the word to be a blessing to you." And then uh use a platform to uh break among the congregation that William Brandon is God broke right into it. See and they they threw up their hands with a shout. I don't know what was going on. See then we had a wonderful service. The Holy Spirit come down and we was indeed blessed. That was the battlefield say. Then I just didn't feel nothing. And then Thursday morning um I mean Sunday morning rather Saturday night I was praying and God give me something stay there and uh uh sew the seed. So I had one more thought left the ministry of Jesus Christ and sold the seed and then um give me a thought on the adoption and whatnot. But Saturday night Holy Spirit spoke to me and said the supernatural is coming down. Supernatural is coming down. Supernatural is coming down. That was Saturday night. I said, "Well, pray therefore that encourage me." And Sunday morning, the same thing. Supernatural is coming down. Three times it spoke Sunday morning. So, I went on into the vault. I know it was getting ready to happen. And I preached the word of the Lord. And the place went up with a shout. I only got about one quarter of my nose out. I had to bring the whole thing back Sunday night cuz it didn't even get into it. They was open Sunday morning. That's I know when they open. See, you just say one thing, it opens right up. See? And it opened Sunday morning. And they were shouting and praising God. And we had a wonderful time. And then after the service, the husband of the of the little baby that was praying for the mother and father walked up to me and I in the vestibule and they were crying. The father speaking broken English. She says, "Brother Coleman, we thank God for healing our baby. The baby had spinal menitis. God heal." Amen. So I said, "Well, praise God." Amen. See? So therefore, I was, the Lord saved that for Sunday to encourage me. You understand? And therefore, I knew that I was in God's will. And then um the Lord dropped some barley to Sister Coleman's heart. And she could hardly wait to tell me when we we got back to the hotel room and God gave her a beautiful scripture uh Psalm 126. And there I knew because what what it was all about. And when I read that psalm and then I could see just what was happening. And then um Monday morning uh and getting ready to uh leave, little Jonathan got up. He said, "Daddy," he says, "Um, I saw a light yesterday in front of you." I said, "You did?" And I forgot about the supernatural coming down. See? He says, "Yeah." I said, "Well, somebody took a picture cuz it flashed in front of me." He says, "No, that was a light light. This was a yellow light. I said, "Oh, a yellow light." Oh, yeah. Now, in Brother Galadon's church, brother, he knows there's seven sections going down on the wall. And each one is the is a phase of the moon, you know, with the uh the little uh the little crescent over the uh earth there. And he has seven of them. And the last corner is Learia. And in this corner over here down that wall is the the seven stars. And on the east star is the man sing Brandon Wesley Luther right down the line. See said that he said you shall not sow and then he who regards the cloud shall not reap. And there I knew that I couldn't have it all sweet and nice. I'm waiting for for the like to observe the wind. You see? And so but that was the lot and I had to sew the seed in those conditions in spite of the unbelief and whatnot. Now St. John 4:31 to strike the word here for a few minutes. Uh I'm going to come back to the the testimony. Uh Christ had been sewing seed to a woman at the well and Jesus Christ uh uh uh followed his father. He says, "I must have needs to go by Samaria." And his disciples not understanding it and they were are not they said, "Why go over there?" But he had to go. He was obeying the father's will. And he had just finished sewing a seed to a predestinated elected seed of God, a prostitute, the woman at the well. And his disciples were against this, you see, for uh uh the woman at the well was a Samaritan. That's Ham's people and a mixture of Jew and also Ham's people. And they thought it was just to the Jew and they didn't want him to to go to her. She was a prostitute yet. But nevertheless, he has must have needs to go by Samaria. It's our father's will that we are interested in. No matter what our flesh says or whatever any else says, we must do the father's will. Now Christ had swn the seed in a woman and had already received wages of gratification of saving that soul. He had sown and reaped until life eternal. The same day he sowed the seed in her heart and he reaped it. And she left that water pot and she charged into the city brother and said, "Come see a man who told me everything." Amen. Amen. So he had received that gratification in one day. Amen. So the ser and the reaper was Christ and he was the one in the same person and he rejoiced over the harvest of that one day. And just about this time when Christ was rejoicing over the harvest of this one prostitute changed from a hog to a lamb. Amen. What a miracle of God that changes from hogs to lambs. nature of a dirty hog on the street walling around the pollution out in the world out there and change us to little lambs feeding on the green pasture. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise God. God giving us the garment of praise instead of a heavier spirit around. Amen. He's dropping the garment of praise up on you right now. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. So, at this junction, St. John 4:31. And meanwhile, when he was doing the will of God, they were thinking about get something to eat. You know what I mean? They went on to town to get some bills. And here he was rejoicing in the spiritual food, the secret food that the car ones know nothing about. Amen. And here they come back with all their fiddle all ready to eat now. See? And then they said, "Master, eat." You know, and meanwhile, the disciples prayed him to eat. And he says, "Now they were minding natural things." You see, they were they were regarding which way the wind was blowing before sewing. See, they had to take if the wind says, "Well, you're hungry." Well, they would get something to eat. Before they sold the seed. You understand me? See? So, therefore, so he told them, he said, "I have meat." Amen. Right here, I believe it's in the verse here. He said to them, "I have meat to eat that you know not of." That's right. He has a secret meat. You don't know anything about it. Amen. He says uh uh then he says, "Therefore said the disciple unto him to one another rather, haveath any manuh bought him ought to eat?" And Jesus saith unto them, "My need is to do the will of him that sent me and to finish his work." Amen. Therefore, there is our secret meat this morning. Praise God. Jesus was saying here, I have food. I have nourishment. I have refreshment. I have soul satisfaction that to eat that you don't even know anything of. Amen. And then they asked him the question. He said, "My meat is my nourishment, my refreshment is to do the will of him that sent me and to finish his work." And that's a great principle of life. The great sustaining forth in life is to do God's will. Amen. And to accomplish the purpose that we are here for. Amen. We're not just here uh I mean like uh watching a parade. We're here to for a purpose. God has predestined the sons and daughters of God for a purpose on the earth. We're not here just marking time and sitting here taking up a pew. We're here for the will of God. Amen. And even in the natural life, nothing stimulates. Amen. stimulates and keeps you alive. It maintains uh courage more than something that you set out to do. And when you want to do it in your heart and you see it accomplished that and and you're dedicated to bring that thing about when you see that happen, you are you have joy. Is that right? That's in the natural realm. But what about God on his father's will to go by Samaria and a prostitute? Amen. and then seeing it. But that elected predestinated seed of God, a prostitute. Amen. Wise. She was black as a tar, black tar in front of God. But in heaven, she was white as snow. Amen. She had an attribute up there. Amen. And as the word approached that black heart, then she became brighter and brighter as he spoke the word of God. There was a Pharisees who was white in their own hearts, but they approached the word, it got blacker and blacker and blacker. Amen. For he that think he is something, take heed. That's your call. For we are nothing. Praise God. We're only what God makes us and what his blood has cleansed us to be. Then we are something. We are children of God through the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank God for brother Tony and these brothers here. They are not regarding the wives or the young ones in helping these young people. They are dedicated to the will of God and to finish the work. Amen. And if they have that attitude, God will bless them in everything. What are you dedicated to? Regardless of your wife, she's saved and and the young ones. But these are the ones that's the devil is trying to kill them. He's trying to get them, brother. Yes, sir. When I see these men dedicated to that, oh, praise God as Jesus Christ said in Psalm 40, I delight to do thy will, oh God. And so we have the same thing in our hearts, doing his will, sowing seeds of righteousness, reaping in mercy, sewing the seeds, reaping the fruit, finishing the work to complete and bring to an end. Now Jesus Christ speaking here of the field is white to harvest. He says, don't you begin to think in yourself that there's four months to harvest. This was in the month of December here because the harvest in in in Israel come in April. So he was saying don't think that there's four months off. Don't put it off. He said the field is already wiped to harvest. What field? Why that woman at the well had gone into the city and sold the seed. She had said come see a man. Here come the harvest field coming out to Christ. He saw him coming down the roads coming down the mountains coming up to him. Said the field is already wiped the harvest. I want you to wait till April. Here he come right now. Praise God. And they even asked him to stay and he held a two-day revival right there. That's right. And he only sowed the seed. And about eight or nine years later, he wasn't worried about the seed was sold. If the seed is sold, there will come a reaping time. Oh, praise God. And Philip, a deacon went on down to Samaria to the woman at the well. The same people come out that town. devil in trouble with the true apostolic gospel. Amen. Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of the sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost and Christ in the real life and the Samaritan and they had great joy in the city in the book of Acts the 8th chapter. Is that right? and they had joy, healing, salvation, mercy, but they didn't have the Holy Ghost yet. Down come Peter and John and perceive that they have been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and they laid hands upon receive the Holy Ghost. Oh brother, the same Christ has swed a seed in your hearts and the Hers are just about up. Just about time for apostolic ministry to come. Praise God. and reap those souls in this day. The seed is sown and it's going to be a reaping time. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The Samaritans were coming out of the city after the woman's testimony to hear him and they said, "Now we know for ourselves. We we heard him speak to us. Oh, how wonderful it is to receive testimonies and tapes and books and whatnot, but how much more wonderful when he comes to you." Amen. Praise God. And you hear him for yourself. He's promised to do it. He said, "I'll write this trail once more. I'll come to you myself. You receive my testimony through Valentine's 4. This brother, that brother, this spoken word book, that tape, but I'm coming to you personally and I'm going to have a personal identification with you." And will your hearts rejoice. Oh, praise. God's going to overflow with the goodness of God when he comes himself in person. So you hold that seed in your heart that he has planted. I the Lord have planted and he has ordained you will bring forth fruit and your fruit shall remain. So therefore he said don't you sit around here for 4 months waiting for a spiritual harvest. Get on out there. Amen. We can we can have a an immediate harvest of the seed sown. Other words don't be minding dates. Don't be waiting for a 3 and 1/2 year of 1977 and all these things here. Amen. Get on out there. I preached to you December the 30th. I told you on December the 30 is a seed yet in the barn. Read this very scripture. Then the next day the Holy Spirit told me to go to Tucson. Oh, sow the seed in Tucson and saw the harvest of people come with tears streaming down their faces and saying your ministries from heaven and all kind of things happened. Why? There was a rejoicing. There was immediate harvest of the seed sown on the very day speaking the words of God going on down into Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico, Trinidad, Venezuela, down to Puerto Rico. There was a harvest. There was glory and calming around the altar. Praise God. Pass coming in. The people rejoicing from the seed being sown. Not regarding the winds, nor looking at the clouds, not just in the man's mind what they think. I don't care what you think. I only want to do the will of my father who sent me and finished the work. Praise God. Whether they don't believe whether they believe it or not, I'm going to do the work. I thought you had thus said for I do have it on. You just don't know the season, brother. There's a time to pray. There's a time to look up. There's a time to sleep. A time to do everything. This is a time to sew down that seed. And God, if you don't regard the winds and man's ideas and their interpretation, if you'll sow that seed, don't wait for favorable conditions. For the world is cursed. The world is gone. It'll never be favorable. Brother, he come to cause division. They ain't never going to be favorable. But preach the word in season, out of season. Amen. And I just assure you that word has gone forth. I the Lord, my word shall not return to me void. is going to accomplish the purpose that I sent it for. Amen. So, he was saying here, don't be minding dates and natural things and food and whatnot and date setting and so forth. He says, uh, get on out there. The field is already white to harvest and I obeyed my father's will in January this year. So, that seed I went on. Amen. Praise God. Here's the seed in the morning. By faith, I move forward. Amen. not to observe the winds blowing waiting for favorable conditions according to St. John 4:34, do the will of him that sent me. Now, and now we find in today uh the Holy Spirit uh spoke to my heart when I went to Tucson says unity of the faith and brother the the opposition that was there that morning cuz you all know what happened there. You heard the tape and was not the that was the winds blowing. You understand? What are you going to do? You're facing the whole entire message like you know and all those winds was blowing all through that place. I walked out there in the unity of the faith. Brother, I said, "Who can I say the lion has spoken?" Amen. The lion has roared. Who can but prophesy and spoke the word of God. I don't care what they think. It's what he said. Amen. Running through the city, find me a man who will say what he said. Praise God. So there was some secret meat that the father dropped down into my heart in January. He says, "Sow for the dynamics." They won't even know what you doing, but you do, my good. That's my secret meat. Amen. And I've been sewing that. And what a soul satisfaction. What a nourishment. What a refreshment. Sister Cole, I went to Puerto Rico. What a refreshment. Oh, to see the souls rejoicing from the sewing there. We come back here. You know what happened? Boom. Down you went. See, and go back again and see. And down in Trinidad to see those people crying and shouting under the power of God down there and repenting and coming back to God down in Trinidad, what a refreshment. Oh, what a nourishment for our souls. That's the food I eat. That's the sacred food that we was feeding us down there. Wasn't the natural food cuz they to eat their food cold down there. I like it hot so that Amen. to eat cold food. It sits there for a long time. I like to eat my food hot out out of the pot. Amen. Praise the Lord. So it was that spiritual food. It wasn't anything for my we had to dip hot water out of a pot for 6 days down in Trinidad and take a bath that way. It wasn't that. It was a nourishment. Spiritual food. Praise the Lord. Amen. See, that's what it is, brother. It's that spiritual nourishment for your souls. Therefore, don't regard the winds. The Holy Spirit spoke in my heart and told me that I was to go down to these places here. I was a secret agent sewing that seed down. Amen. I went on I heard I did what he told me to do. See, therefore, so my meat was to finish his work. Now, and I'm going to say something now. You just you catch it. In 1963, Malachi 4 went into intercession and he was Rick Addis and Ricky and he didn't know whether he had to get that had a complex. See, and went up here and God showed him seven mountains up there. remember that there standing in the gap and so forth and he said God got to change me that's that change that adoption change in the heart and when God says uh don't wait for the vision just go on out so therefore he had to move forward he's a prophet now he had to move by faith he couldn't regard the wounds he couldn't wait for the vision saying thus say Lord he had to step forward you got so I'm not going to wait around here with the rest of the world I'm stepping forward The prophet is gone. In the minutes everybody sitting around looking for something and look wait for some strange interpretation but I'm taking the word of God of the Lord. Like Gideon the sword of the Lord. The sword of the Lord. Sword of the Lord. Amen. Praise God. Malachi 4 had to step forward and then he said he preached his own message. Why? Cry speak and move forward. And then he had to move forward by faith. He had to preach the token. The token was the life that was in the seventh seal which is Christ. But he had to say it first before that come down. That's what he did in 63. He said the token is my greatest message of inspiration outside of a direct commission of seven seals. That was the one. And any man will know that when he steps forward by faith against all the winds out there regarding them winds out there and no regard and that fire comes down all the satisfaction, the nourishment, the refreshment comes that spiritual one. Amen. And then God and then he posted the church souls in prison and there it was hell being created on the earth. And now we look out and see the devils from hell on earth and God's just holding on back and then he says go on down to Sodom and on the way to Sodom which is New York City to Mark auditorium he stops off with Abraham down in jail. Amen. And they called them to the altar and they went into intercession according to Genesis 18. Abraham was praying for a venture to be 50 40 30 20 they were praying in jail at the souls of prison. Oh God save my family, my husband, my wife, my children for a venture 50 40 30 you can find 10 of spirit. And then he come on down the side and he come walking into New York City. Amen. And here he identified himself Malachi for a prophet according to Malachi. I don't care if they don't see them things over there. Brother George told me he said, "Brother Coleman, they told lies on you down here and they tell lies on you over in America." So what's he said? God has just hid them away from New York to keep them away from there. And he's blessing you there. Praise God. Amen. Let your lions and the lions keep them away from you. Wonderful. Let then God can do his work. his secret work. Amen. Praise the Lord. We know what we're talking about here in New York City. This message this morning is to this church and this church alone. This is not for Trinidad now. No. Don't send these tapes down there. This is not for Puerto Rico. This is for New York City. So, if you have a tape this morning, don't send nothing from here this morning down there. This is not for them. I preached down here already. They got terrorists down there. She cares way up the road, brother. I have a message on my heart this morning to bring us to strength here this morning. Oh, praise God. You ready? Amen. Praise the Lord. See, therefore, here we are. And then in 1963, look away to Jesus, the five manifestations of God. The the fish. Amen. The resurrection, the squirrels were spoken. Sister had it right. Salvation. And then he said, "Son, come out and shine 4 days in 63 out there in Colorado." Amen. at the wind sea swim go over there and then he spoke and his wife was laying in Tucson. He was in jail said before the doctor's hand touches that tumor. Amen. It'll be gone. And I'm persuaded this morning. We have a sister sitting here in Mac Murray. She has accepted it by faith. I asked her this morning, "Do you want me to lay hands on?" She says, "No, it's already done for your faith. to your God has taken that from you all my sister and taking that away. She don't even want hands on and that is a prophecy. Brother Ram spoke these words. He said, "Oh, one glorious morning." Amen. And he said the Holy Spirit will fall and and God will take the church a divine love without hands being laid on a sick will be healed. The hillies of the curtain will see I'm feeling that that's coming up on us now this morning. Wednesday Sunday Wednesday Sunday we're in that season. The sewing is finished as far as I'm concerned and I'm looking for the reaping. Praise God. Don't you catch what I'm telling you this morning? Sold the seed in Tucson. Sold the seed of Puerto Rico. So in Trinidad and so in Venezuela he is finished. Yeah. I'm looking for some rec. Blessed be the Lord. Oh, I feel like God just reap of healing here this morning. I feel that God's going to heal little mama's eyes. It's brother is here for you everything. When he walked the earth, blind eyes open up. The grave threw open. When he walked the earth, he didn't call one man's name. They all went from the grave. Devil's cried out. When the word woke to earth, that word is here this morning. He's walking the earth. The entire church here this morning. We have a power. We have a kingdom of God in us this morning. And is turning around the world. Oh, you can have anything you want in your seat. All you have to do is to ask for it and believe it. Brother, you got it this morning. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And then he went through intercession. And then he says the five manifestations. Don't you know what they were? That was the hand of the Lord and his servant way back in Elijah. First Kings 19, he said, "There's a hand like a man's hand." Oh, that was the supernatural hand of God. Elijah knew there was no man's hand. That was God's hand. And that same hand, Jehovah's hand from Elijah and tight came back to Malachi 4 on this side. And five manifestations for the supernatural hand of Jehovah. Listen, saints of God this morning. Listen. What was that hand for? That hand was for the third exodus. Oh my. The first Exodus was of Israel out of Egypt. The second one from a spiritual condition with John and them over into Christ. This is the third one. Now Malachi had preached the third exodus. Then Jehovah come down and manifested up the hand of God for the third exodus. When Moses was going down for the first Exodus, he said, "Who shall I tell sent me?" You tell them I am sent you. Well, I am what I am. Whatever they they need down there. That's who I am. Then that same I am. Oh, he's come back for the third exodus. We're on our way to the resurrection. We're on our way to the raptures for the wedding supper for everything we need for the journey. We need creation for the new bodies. We need resurrection. We need healing, salvation, and power on earth. And we have it. We have the manifestation of the hand of God. We have everything on the journey. If we need food, we speak words. If we need we speak, we have it. Praise God. I want you to realize that that's on right now. We are being raptured away from this world and we on our way. We need healing, we have healing this morning. We need salvation, we have it this morning. Praise God. See our little children being raptured away from the world. As the word comes into their souls, they're being sold down with the word of the Lord. Amen. And then in January 1964, he went and he put Christ on trial. From listen, I'm say from January 64 through April, he put Christ on trial. And then the Pentecostal denomination as a denominational shook pulled away from the word in those four months. In those four months, Amen. They pulled away from the word. Amen. And then uh March Alaska almost sunk. William Brown said Jesus Christ the word officially turned down by Lear Sea. And in all June 14 come to the unveiling of the mighty God. Come children. The sacrifice is here for you now. Everything is ready for the journey. The power over the the resurrection. Creation. Creation means you can have clothes, food, or shoes or whatever you need. It's here for the dirty. Amen. You got it. Creation is all your your material physical needs is here. Don't ever fret. Don't ever worry one bit. If the heavenly father takes care of his flowers and his animals, how much more it take? Oh, honey clothe the liies of the valley. And we are his liies. And he needs us on his table this morning. Main table is set. And he needs some more liies there. Oh liies. Press liies. Press. Press all the way up. Keep pressing. And listen. When you press past the world, you want to break out into the dynamics to the fresh air of God into heavenly places. And want to break out into resurrection, creation, healing, and salvation. What beautiful it is. and he'll sweep down and take those village for his wedding table. So keep pressing this morning. Amen. And then the Pentecostal ship pull away 1965 in November Streetport. The in the independent ship, you know who I'm talking about, shreport, don't you? I don't want to say his name. Well, this that shook open up and pulled away. And in Malachi 4, invisible union of the bride said, "The move is on for the bride. Thus saith the Lord." Amen. And the sh just pulled away. Now what happened here? That was 6465. I ask you what happened in January 74 through May 74. What happened when the wage sheep was presented? I ask you again, what happened when the sacrifice pure undefiled revelation Jacob grace Joseph affection was presented in his purity? I ask you what happened. What pulls away from that? individual shorter. The hour is here. The seed, the barley has been sold. It's time for end gathering of the wheat harvesters. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. The sewing season is just about over. Our weed is finished. I'm waiting for the reaping. I don't know what's going to happen from here on out. It either'll be sewing or reaping. It doesn't matter. It's God's will. That's his will to finish the work. It'll be one or the other. But we know where we at. Amen. Oh, praise God. Did you hear what I said? Amen. The earthquake was a sign. He said the the uh uh Jesus Christ officially turned down. Well, what happened down there in March 24th in Puerto Rico and the Lord would come and people come to the altar 70* 7. What kind of sign is that? Revelation 22:17. What a sign that was my but it's his. Amen. They'll never see it. Only the elected ones will see it. Praise God. So the Pentecostal sh pulled away in 64 and the independent pulled away in 65. Now I ask you what happened this year as the individual shark pulled away from the sea. Oh my, what a season we in now. Praise God. Away from the sacrifice. Is this the year a sign that the weed is mature and that shock individuals ready to completely pull away from the word itself? The pure sacrifice has been presented. Is that what these four chips is all about? I don't know. I asked you. Is that what it's all about? Praise God. Tucson tapes going across America. Open to Europe and up into Canada. All around. Sold out. Sold out in Spanish countries all around. Sold out. Amen. Secret meat. Do the will of my father. Praise whether they understand or don't understand. You just do the will of your father. Amen. Is the sewing season over? In closing, 2 Kings 19:29. Amen. Well, I remember therefore out the the thing that came to New York City, do you all remember that there that that happened to New York uh the the commanded blessing? Remember that there six years the seventh year 8th and 9th year is a commanded blessing. You don't eat you don't plant nothing in the seventh year. Amen. You don't you don't do anything in the eighth year and or until the ninth year crops come in. Where is the season? This is that third year and God gives a three-year revival. This is a word revival here. Now, now Leviticus 25:22. And you shall sow the eighth year and eat yet of the old fruit until the ninth year. Until her fruits come in, you shall eat of the old store. In other words, until the crops of the ninth year come in, you'll keep eating the tapes and so forth and so on. See? Now, but listen, before you can have a crop for the ninth year, don't you have to sow? Huh? Well, then why should I mean we don't only here in New York City here. We've been sewing here for years. I mean, why go out to Tucson and uh Puerto Rico and Trinidad and Venezuela? Why? I ask you why after all these years, but you got to have a crop now for your reap. You got to have the seed sold just right. Everywhere around the message, so why go out from here? Can't say no other way to you catch it yourself. Amen. See, he never spoke of the eighth year crop fruits. See only the ninth year. This is the ninth year. This is the third year. In order to reap a ninth year crop, you must sew the seed first. All saints of God this morning. I wonder is the seed sold? The message for the dynamics. Is it sold down this morning? That what we are waiting for. Amen. Well, we sure going to find out, aren't we? 2 Kings 19:29. And then this shall be a sign to you. You shall eat this year. such thing as grow of themselves. And in the second year, uh that spring of the same, in the third year, sew ye and reap and plant venues and eat the fruits thereof. This is that ninth year, that third year when you to sew and reap and plant vineyards, and eat the fruits thereof. Sew and reap and plant vineyards. I wonder if that is what has been going on for 5 months now. sewing and getting ready to read. Don't you wonder friends? Oh, if it is friends, this the resurrection is at hand. Just think now want to start a little bit. The mechanics is the sewing and the reaping is the dynamics. So if the mechanics have been sold, the right mechanics, then you have got to reap the dynamics. And that is the case that's just before the resurrection. Now that is that this secret meat I'll meet is the do the will of our father of him that sent me and finish his work and what is this uh what is this this uh work that he wants done here in secret agent oh bring a unity of the faith bring a perfect man bring the measure of the fullness of the statute of Jesus Christ well how you going to get the measure of the fullness that of Jesus Christ if you don't preach that measure in mechanics how you going to get it if you don't sew it down Praise and is that that secret work? Amen. To and it's got to be finished. How you going to finish it? Reap it. You'll finish it. Amen. Praise God. Now, is he fixing to send us forth as reapers to reap the work that he sowed through Malachi 4? He himself down to Malachi 4 sold in you a work. Is he going to let us allow us to go forth as reapers into another man's labors? And he told him, hey, he says, you enter into another man's place as reapers. You went to all the prophets and John the Baptist, even my labor, and I sent you in there on earth, and you reap from our labors. Amen. Are we to enter in as a Bible and God's people to enter as reapers into Malachi for his labors? Is this the hour? You know, you know that God is here. This is the end. Finish is up on us now. Is always finished. Oh my. Praise God. The finishing touch to the ground. Bring a unity of the faith. Amen. That was a seed that was sewed in two. I'm under pressure. Brother Barker walked up and says, "I see you're chopping up the promises for your church and yourself." Brother Khan's father had the the dream of the sh completely dry. That was January. I told you all the way to you now. You know I was told to you not even know I told you come. Didn't know anything about Puerto Rico, Trinidad, none of these things. That was in January. Amen. Now where we at now, brothers. What was happening in those three countries sowing for the dynamics taking the seed of unity and not regarding the winds of doctrine, the ideas, interpretations, but sewing that seed. Oh my. Now we see that we are in this hour here, church. What hour is upon us now? Amen. See, the coming of the Lord is at hand. If the sewing is over, I said if the sewing is over, you hear what I said? If the sewing is over, the reaping is at hand. And that third is sow and reap. Amen. I'm going to read something to you. Close out here. Got right in front of me here. You can give out these books, brother Frank. I believe you have them. The brother been bringing them in. You said second coming of the Lord. Short books. They just come spoken word books. But I'm read something to you this morning. I pick this book up. Read this to them this morning. So I'm going to read it to you. You got a little time. 10 minutes. Amen. Now page 11. You can read it as you go home as brother Frank gives it to you. Jesus Christ, God's son, likening this. He said to a woman, and our subject tonight, we find this woman, her husband had gone. Well, let me read you the scripture. You get to understand what he's talking about here. Uh St. Luke 15, where he took this text from the 8th verse. I'll read it to you. Just write it down. Even what woman having 10 pieces of silver, if she lose one piece, do not light a candle and sweep the house and seek diligently till she find it? And when she had found it, she called her friends and her neighbors together, saying, "Rejoice with me, for I have found the peace which I have lost. Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repented." Now, that's where he took a text from. See, excuse me. Now he said in our subject because tonight we find this woman her husband had gone and she had lost one of the coins out of her tablet. Now I want to try to explain that today if a woman is married she should wear a wedding ring as a sign that she's married. That's to keep other men from having anything to do with her. They look and they see she's a married woman. In those days, uh, cuz they didn't have wedding rings, uh, cuz they had a tablet. They put it on their head. It had 10 coins and went around their head. And that was a sign that they were married woman. And no man was to fool with them. No boys was to flirt with them. They were married. Each one of these coins, and we only had time, but I haven't. I could tell you what each one of these coins meant. It was placed in there. And each coin meant a certain virtue of that woman. The first meaning her love to her husband. Second, her pledge of virtue to live clean for him. And the third and fourth and fifth and so on, ninth and 10th. If you want to look it up, look in Galatians 5. You'll find out that that woman represents the church. And the church is a spouse wife to Christ. And a tablet that the church is is supposed to wear is found in Galatians 5, which is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience, and so forth. This that is the tablet that's supposedly worn in the church, brotherly love, kindness, fellowship. And this woman, it must have been along about dark that she realized that she had lost one of those coins. Oh, if there ever was a time that the church ought to take inventory to find out if they got all the coins on. It should be now. It's getting dark. The very horns and clouds of destroying civilizations hang over the earth. Sin and debauchery on every hand. We're living in a tremendous time when there's wickedness. People who go to church just for sham. People who go to church to uh to try to hide from their meanness. People who go to church and profess Christianity and live like the rest of the world, drinking, smoking, gambling, women immorally dressed, wearing clothes because they ought to wear in their own dressing room out on the streets before public. And brotherly love is a thing passing almost. We have not lost one coin, but we've lost practically every one of them. And we and was getting nights and remember her husband would return and he found her with one of these coins out. It showed she had been marked a harlot. And if she had and if she had defiled or defiled herself in any way, and it was seen by the people, they brought her before the priest and brought witness as she had been found such. And the priest, seeing as she was a married woman, took the coin out of her tablet, as she had been doing wrong by if she had married her virtue, they took that out. If she had been flirting, showing that she wasn't true to her husband, they took that one out. Whatever it was, they they took it out. And when her husband when he returned, he found that she had been marked. And that would then he would divorce her immediately and have nothing to do with such a woman. He did not want such a woman. So it was getting dark. It was getting along towards dark when she realized that she found that she had lost something. Time for her husband to come. It is getting late. The church better be examining their self by the word of God. our purity, our loyalty, our devotion. We've come tattlers, tailbears, cigarette smokers, backbiters, paid up Jezebels, everything in the cabin that the rest of the world does. The Christian church is associated in those things today. So, you can't hardly tell one from the other. It's time we took inventory. It's getting late now. In order, it was so late. So, she had to have a light, a candle, and she got a candle. Not only did she get a candle, but she got a broom and she went the house cleaning. Oh, brother, if there was ever a need of a time of the lighting of a candle, the sending forth of the gospel light, the Holy Ghost back into the church, not so much for emotion, not for some fantastics, not for some emotional worker, not for a jump for joy, but for a heart searching experience when men and women get right with God rightly at the end time. And she lit a candle to give her light. Oh brother, every little candle in here ought to be lit tonight. Not only that, but she got the broom and the neighbors could see the dust flying. She had a real house cleaning time for her husband was about to come and he caught her with that one coin out. She was a harlot. Brother, we the church of the living God in these great hours that we're living in now, it behooves us to check up. So that's what I'm saying this morning. Is the sewing over? Is it reaping time? It's time to check up, brothers, sisters. Amen. See, we're at the end time. The coming of the Christ is at hand. There's not another hope in the world for the church. And look, the church is lolly. The church has no conscience no more. You can hardly wake them up. The Bible say they will come in that condition when they say, "Lo, our Lord delays is coming." And they'll be devouring and biting one another and so forth and fighting around. It's just exactly that hour. Everything's ready. The pages is turned and is it as it was like that and it's ready the coming of the Lord. The Lutheran church lost her light. The Methodist lost her light. The Baptist lost her light. The Pentecostal lost her light. Every light seems to be gone. The Pentecostal people. The holistic is acting like exactly like the Methodist. The Methodist acting exactly like the Baptist. The Baptist acting like the Lutheran. The Lutheran is acting like the Catholic. And it's all gone back to one great big conglomeration of sin. That's right. We're in the end times, the coming of the Lord. Now hear these words right here. Here it is right here. Now she had a house cleaning time. She scrubbed the floors. She swept the walls. She took down the cobweb. She kept on until she found what she had lost. And when she did, she called her little sister churches to come. Oh my. You know what I'm saying? Amen. Oh, let me read on. I hope you're getting it. I don't care if you're a Methodist, Baptist, Pentecost, Presbyterian. Come, let us rejoice together. When that time come when the church finds it brotherly love, when the church finds it holy decency, when the church finds its place in Christ, here it is. When it finds its place in Christ, it'll call the other members of the body. Come and rejoice with us. Oh, praise God. I want to ask a question. What is this revelation? In New York City, Jacob grace perfection. What is the light of the message? There was a man over in Norway with the map of the entire United in darkness. But oh, praise God. right in New York City to find that lost coin. That lost coin is a peril of the resurrection. And God has given a light, a revelation of the message in New York City. There's something about New York City. You watch, you just remember that about New York City. You watch, you'll see. There's something about it. Oh, I'm persuaded this morning. I'm not bragging. This is to New York City. is not for Trinidad, not for Puerto Rico, not for Venezuela. It's not for Indiana or Tucson, Georgia. It's for you this morning. God has given you a light to understand how to find that coin through the word of the Lord. Amen. Oh, and the dust been flying for 8 years now. What I first came to the word of God is sweeping out the dust, sweeping out the trash in looking for the coin. She has swept the house clean. And I'm persuaded, oh, praise God, if the sewing is over, we have just about found the coin. The reaping is coming and God is going to reveal the coin. And when we find that coin here, then it says here, she'll call the other sister tree. My come and rejoice with us. And it says in St. Luke 15:9, she calls her friends and her neighbors, "Come, come, oh, I'm persuaded." Revelation 22:17, the spirit that was found, the Lord, Amen. And the bride says, "Come and rejoice for the signs, wonders, and miracles here. The Holy Spirit is being poured out. God is in his people. Blessed be the name of the Lord." Do you think that friend? Oh my, what a house cleaning time. Luther found his place. Wesley found his place. The Pentecostals found their place. But we have a bride today. They're groping in dark trying to find all kind of interpretation. But God has given you the light. Lit up the whole house. Lit up the whole map of the Amen. You see how to find that boy is back to the word of God. brother. Then she'll call the sister churches said, "Here it is. This is it." She sold down for the dynamics. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Now, we don't have the ring. We can't produce the ring. But according to Christ's revealed, the mystery of God is revealed. He's got the ring. I'll read it to you. Amen. All the devils holling about this. the manifested truth of the promise of the word in her alone. They don't have the answer. When Jesus come, why did those Pharisees, he said, if I cast out devils by the thing of God, who do you cast him out by? He stood alone and his church stands alone. She's not hooked with anything. But he was identified by God being a body that God dwelt in. And the church is identified by his body doing the same thing. She is his body, the manifest truth of his promised word for the last days. And she and she alone stands by it. That's why the devil's hollering these great organizations to set up something to close her up. They'll never do it. She'll be taken up, not closed up. I like that one. They're worried about being closed down. Will be going up, brother. Ain't going to be closed down. No, sir. At that right moment, you going to take a look. She is now risen by the power of the vindicated word promised to her. Amen. How Abri holds that promise and how you are looking for that coin. You understand? Dedicated to find it and sweeping out the house with a broom of the word. Amen. How that bride hole I said I promise the the the adopted baby. You got it. How you hold that little adopted baby to the real one. Amen. Amen. You got it now. Praise God. He told me he would return after me. I believe you. See? Yes, sir. To meet her headship, her redeemer, her husband, her king, her lord, her lover, her savior, and a provided meeting place. He's got a place to meet him. You know, the bridegroom don't leave nothing out. He's got the ring. The lost heaven. Amen. He's got it. And when he comes down with the dynamics, he gives it to you. Amen. But he wants you looking for it. Amen. Amen. They lost it in Rome and in thy tyrant church. It was lost. Amen. And Luther Wesley Pentecost. And now the light come to sweep the thing out and look for it. And Malachi 4's message has given us the light to look for that lost hand. And they're looking for white horses and tents, but I'm looking for the coin. The power of the resurrection, brother. But when that happens, then call the rest of the little sisters. Come on, little sister. There is a man that's turned on the light. Amen. Praise the Lord. The revelation on what he's talking about. Amen. He He's got the ring, the identification. He's got the robe that she wears for her clothing scene. He's got the the provided place to meet her that's in the air. Everything has been all provided. Got the wedding supper already set. Guests already invited, already chosen. All the angels standing around in service and attention. They are all waiting for you. You and I, the Malachi 4 and all the old heroes of faith are waiting for this very hour here that's upon us now. We are in a spouse bride and we've been looking for that coin. Are you looking for it, friends? Are you really dedicated to look for that coin? And taking the broom of the word and sweeping out the house to see as she lights a candle. And then when she finds it, she has such joy. She calls her friends and her neighbors to see and to rejoice with her. She found it. Oh, what a time it's going to be when the dynamics strike these mechanics. And then they'll come and the other little sister churches around, but God has done something here in New York City, brother. You know that. See, I'm not bragging. I'm not talking about myself. I'm about the Holy Ghost. I ain't talking about myself. But therefore, I want to call my friends, the young people. Amen. You understand me now? the husbands, the wives, the families, praise the Lord, call and rejoice. Come, come. Amen. The spirit of God say, "Come." And God wants his church to love him. I believe the candle is a message of the hour, the revelation of it lights up everywhere. Amen. And when they see the revelation of the message, which is the candle and wherever it goes at, it causes a spontaneous commotion. You understand? and you get back the uh the phrases about it. I hope y'all got to you know got to say it to you understand when the the revelation of the message come which is the light you understand then they say praise God that's what that means you see otherwise they're going around in the darkness see you understand what I mean now I believe that the secret meetings been the revelation of Malachi 4 he's been given New York City gospel light in order to find the lost coin I believe that was that thing he had about New York City there's something about New York City I believe I'm going to say it this I mean, it'd be silly for me to buy my food in the AMP and go over there and and become pay more. Amen. I going to do that. I'm talking about here. I ain't talking about Alaska. I'm talking about New York City. This is where we right here and we getting the food here. If I'm going back right here and say it right here. Amen. Praise God. We don't have a counterfeit bill. We got a real dollar bill. Amen. Dollar bill, William. Amen. And when we get to the resurrection point, it'll cash in. That's counterfeit. Amen. So, we're getting ourselves ready. And when New York City finds the lost coin, the coin is the power of the early church. And when she did, she called her little sister churches to come. Now, when she finds her position in Christ, it'll call the other member of the body, come and rejoice with us. I don't know about you, see, but I'm not going to regard the clouds. He said, "He that regardeth the clouds shall not reap." So I look across a man and down into Trinidad and Puerto Venezuel and that all kind of opposition. I'm not even thinking about it. I'm going to reap for I know I went to sew and be blessed. Amen. Praise God. So I'm not going to regard it. I'm going to press forward as of this morning to read. And as I went forward to sew by faith, I'm going to move out to reap by faith. Amen. So, we going to move out this morning and pray for that baby back there to reap back something that was sold. Amen. Praise God. Brother Joey and his wife sold in their hearts, these signs shall follow them. But therefore, let's go forward this morning with full assurance, full faith to reap that seed that was sown in our hearts. Amen. Now after the morning service, praise God, the mother and father came back and spoke to me. I told you the baby was completely healed of spinal menitis. Amen. And then sister Coleman, God gave her this uh song which was a blessing to me. And so therefore um I wanted to read it to you. Psalm uh 126. I have it here and I'm close out now. Sorry to get you got here too soon. Amen. that when I was coming up, I'll just read the fifth and sixth verse. They that sow in tears shall reap in joy. He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheep with him. Oh my, what a confirmation to why Puerto Rico the adverse after. I was weeping at Puerto Rico and I my heart was broken over Canada after heard from brother Furlong after I was weeping and I was weeping in Venezuela and didn't know why and then Sunday morning after I finished preaching and finished my course then he told my wife gave her the scripture here I had to weep in order to bring forth coming again and bringing sheav together. Uh there's a word that's that's completely out of your mind. You couldn't even imagine that. You don't know what you're doing. You're in the thing. You don't know what's going on. No, it wasn't no vacation, but it was warfare. Now, this fifth and sixth verse here, that's what it means. Um it's expressed here rather. These verses expressing the great truth of sewing reaping. The figure is a discouraged man who has had crop failures to the point of despair. See, and like I just told you the three things that happen and you know even here I get kind of despondent and the word goes forth and you see this no change you know that you get despondent. You see to preach the word, the revelation comes here in New York City and no change. Just the same old thing over you're weeping. You're sowing the seed weeping. You understand? And that's what it happened here for over 8 years. It happened there and you know where you going then when this uh scripture come oh praise God. Amen. That's you don't know what that means to me. You understand? So here this discouraged man here. He's discouraged and he he's had crop failures and so forth and he goes out over here and it still seems to be fail. Don't seem to be bringing unity. See, there's a season of time for everything. Time to sow a time to reap, brother. When the reaping time comes, you're going to see it happen. Amen. But then this man, though he was discouraged anyway, he couldn't help it. He had to sew that seed. So it says here, "And who sows again in tears and prayer." Oh yes, in prayer for no more fear. Oh God, I know you sent me here, Lord. And I know there's all kind of funny things going on. So Lord, help us here. Give us the victory here. Tears and prayer. So I know this message is right. And I know it's the right revelation. I don't know what you're doing or why they mad and what's going on here. So in tears and weeping, you're sowing this precious seed. Amen. Amen. He sws the only seed that he has. He cares so his interpretation his ideas and God hears him according to the sixth verse and fifth verse here and gives him an an abundant increase. Oh praise. So when the word of God is sown in the hearts, it will produce results as he intended it. Amen. It'll do it. It'll give bread to the eater and seed to the swer. Amen. And God's promised word shall not return to him. Boy, I want everybody to see it, to see what I'm talking about. And it it's very discouraging when they don't see it. That's you scream, you holler. Don't you see it? And right now, uh I I've told you already. The coming of the Lord is at hand. And I hope you can see it for I have to sew this in tears that you see. And if you really see it, then you'll shake away from those odd little funny things that's going on. See, and it's the same old thing. the same old things you didn't know, but it's coming forth a reaping. So, it's time to just stop those things. Quit it and leave it alone. You live in sin, get out of sin. You're not fooling nobody. People in here wasn't even to pay their tithes in here. I was shocked. I could understand it. See that now? Then some people waste what God has to convict me of that. Why the faces pay your ti do the word of God. What even paying the tithes here in all this layover? See, you know, so therefore, but thank God cuz they see a miracle or whatever it is. See, do the thing of God. Whether you understand it or whether you don't understand it, you do it. So it's it's righteousness. So it you want to get it back. Amen. See, so therefore, is the sewing season over with, friends? I want to know. I I want to know. Is it over with? Well, praise God. I feel it's just about over. And if it is over with, it's time for the in gathering of the wheat. God has finally found that little woman somewhere that found that lost coin. Oh, don't you want to be one? That little woman that has swept the house clean, the filth in the house and all these things here and has taken this revelation in New York City and didn't let it go to not just didn't sit there and let it go top your head. You took it to heart. Now, I hope you read it to your lungs now. He gave it to you in New York. He ain't giving nowhere else. There's something about New York City. Now, don't be one of those who just sat here and let it go over top of your head. You understand? Like the man down there in Trinidad said, he said, "Oh, God could have struck him dead for coming against God's servant." You understand? So, it's not the man. It's the message to Christ. Oh, praise God. His house feeding time. Jesus breaks every f Jesus [Music] Christ. Yeah. Heat. [Music]
