################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-06-26 - Walking In The Light - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2015-06-26
Title:   Walking In The Light
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Coleman Family Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upGjsHQeB58
========================================

Description:
Description
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Simon Peter. a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Savior Jesus Christ. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue. whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge, temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. Upon brother Co, we also lay our hands. Hallelujah. As witnesses, Lord, to give sanction to his call that we, this church, this group of people believe in him as a servant of Christ. And we ask that you bless him and give him a great mighty ministry that he will win souls to the Lord and deliver the captives and break the powers of Satan down the lives of the people that he associates with. Give to him a fruitful life. And two, when he comes to the end of the road, God grant that he can look down a long trail and see where by the grace of Jesus Christ, he's been able to break every letter of the enemy to honor God. He wants gallant man won't pay no attention to nothing what the Lord says. That's the kind he has to move with. If he said seven thunders, well, say it. Don't be a coward. the whole world. So what God said so my word shall not return to me void. [Music] I tell you one thing, brother. And brother Brandham stood for brother Hunt N after the third exodus. And some of you old times remember how the country was in ' 63 with Martin Luther King. And that prophet stood up there and ordained Brother Hunt N. And I turned around and he said, "Turn around, face the people." I had to put my head down. I said, "My God, if the prophet would do this here against the current thinking and I didn't know that he had just preached the third exodus and things he said there cuz the tape it was a week later." Amen. And there was such a hatred and I don't know what they I couldn't even look. Amen. And I vowed in my heart if that prophet would ordain brother Hunt and I in front of all these people here, Lord, give me the opportunity. Give me the chance to face him right in their face to tell them thus sayeth the Lord what that prophet said. He stood for me and I'm standing for him today with his message. I don't care who they are. God said so. gracious. Good afternoon to one and all the certainly good to be back up once again to see all the sweet people of God. And uh as we were coming up in the car, I was just sitting there thinking how we are blessed by God today to be called into this end time message. Amen. Through no goodness of ours, God has called us his election. We cannot do anything about it at all. We have been elected by God to come into this message. And through this message, we come into the bride. Amen. But there's only one thing that we have to do. We have to believe this is faith. Amen. Because faith is a substance of things hoped for. So therefore, the substance is something that you have that is tangible. You already have it. Amen. Well, therefore, all the promises of God which you because because what you're hoping for, you already have them if thou can't believe. Amen. Amen. And also is the evidence of things not seen. So therefore, you don't have to see it cuz you already have it. Amen. And that's what we have to believe in this message otherwise. But this message is faith, deliverance, and healing. That's the message which God's prophet William Brandon is bringing to us in this end time. Faith, deliverance, and healing. And it really is a blessed privilege to be able to be in this message and walking in this life. Amen. And I like to give my personal little testimony to the Lord. I love the Lord with all my heart, soul, mind, and body. And I thank the Lord how in the short space of time what he has done through my life in my life. And I thank him how he brought me out of what we what we call Pentecost and brought me into this marvelous light. And I believe as we were talking in the car that he that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet's reward. Thank you. I didn't question anything. I didn't doubt it. I didn't reason. Brother Hunt and I, Sister, we believed it. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today. Hallelujah. I don't believe that, but I do. I don't know what it was. It's something in me. It was the gift of God. Amen. Cuz every good and perfect gift come from above. So therefore, everything, every grace comes from God. It's uh something that is already in you. You cannot reach out and grab it and stick it in. It comes from the inside out. And that is the essence of my message this morning. And I like to thank the Lord how he led us by his spirit and took us down to Indiana cuz there we met God's prophet and he spoke to us. He took us into his home into his den and he also there he prayed for us and he prayed that we would have the dictates of our heart. Now I claimed it right then and there. I have not been the same sex. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Our Lord is all over me. Then at a specified time, he breaks the seventh seal. The anointing comes down. It runs down all over his body all over. That is the Catholic stone. Amen. Amen. It caps the pyramid. Amen. And how or when Christ with that same anointing went to heaven and told his disciple, I'll send it back to you. Is that right? Amen. And then one day in the upper room came a sound like a rushing mighty the pillar of fire, the dove, the anointing came into that room and I and ped itself in tong. Then then he did it then. He said at Malachi 4, I will restore, sayeth the Lord. And I'll do the very same thing again yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, I'll do the same thing again. Therefore, I'll send my prophet. He'll be according to Malachi 4 and5. I'll send the anointing. It'll pour all over him, all over you, every all over everybody. It'll be the fire, the dove, the anointing, the burning bush. It'll be Jesus Christ himself. Amen. That's what it'll be. Amen. What is it? Alpha and Omega. The same in the beginning and in the end. Same thing. Same thing. Can you see it? Well, then that is Malachi 4 being made manifest. Amen. to the bride of Jesus Christ. That is perfection. Amen. Amen. See, force comes from man's spirit. See, man's force is man's human spirit putting forth its little energies. Amen. Amen. Here's man's spirit right here. It puts forth its own attributes, little energies such as mental, verbal, physical. You understand it now? To attain its own end, what it thinks. See now meekness is God's spirit reigning in the man. Amen. See, now this man, if meekness is in you, the man first dies to self. Amen. to verbal, mental, physical. He dies to that. You're already a Christian. The cross. Amen. You've been to the cross. You say you're a Christian. You say that you have ally meekness in you. Amen. Well, then you have died to self. Amen. Amen. Either Christ is reigning on the throne of your heart or he's not. Amen. Who's reigning there? Amen. I know it's kind of cutting, but it's supposed to be. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Then we must die to self and self's attitude. Amen. Amen. How's your attitude in here? Thy word, oh Lord, is settled forever in heaven. Thy word shall not return void. While this is a great hour, though we have sorrow now, it shall be turned into joy. I believe now Lord that scene even now great is the shout of the king and the king. Do you believe that? Amen. That's going on now. Thank you Lord. So now I like to title this the shout of the king. It's going to be a shout and we want to and we notice here that that three things are here that is said here that there's a shout that there's a voice of the archangel and there's a trump of God. That right? So then a great power came and changed Abraham and Sarah's body and they went back. They were resurrected back to the way they were young people and Abraham lived on also have because he had more children. Amen. Way after that. All right. Amen. Amen. So we find then that if we ought to see the Abraham, we look for the same promise. We ought to look for God appear in human skin. We ought to look for a great power that shall descend from heaven with a shout to change our minds, transform our bodies, everything. quicken us, make us alive, make us seeds of God that will live on the earth as a witness out here that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Bless, glory, power be unto him that sitth on the throne. I say the same thing. I got something to sh about. For the lamb opened the book. Amen. My name was in there. Amen. So therefore uh he preached there and now uh brother K West I'm saying her name he happened to because go to Phoenix and there he met a brother who was at the meetings and he gave the bombs. Amen. So this is what he said. He said three things to happen before the Lord appears. See now go back to go back to Abraham now. Certain things had to happen before Isaac appeared. Amen. God of human flesh. Is that right? But a power had to come and change their dead bodies back. Is that right? Okay. And now let's turn to first Thessalonians 4:14 so we can see a scripture. I'm tired. Amen. Praise God. The 16th verse. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God. and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Now, I'm going to say what brother Brandham said is on the tape. And this was this brother's notes and this was given to me. So, I'm going to give it to you. And I didn't say this. Now, Brother Brandham said it. He said, he said, "Now, there's three things that must happen here. It's the shout, the voice of the archangel, and the trump of God." He said, "Now, the shout, the shout, the first thing that happened is the shout." Now, hear what the shout is. That's the message through Malachi 4. What are you shouting about? You have anything to shout about? Great is the Holy One of Israel in your midst. Is that something to shout about? The word of God. First Peter 4, for as much then as Christ has suffered for us in the flesh, see in the flesh. Arm yourselves likewise with the same mind. For he that has suffered in the flesh has ceased from sin. Amen. That he no longer should live in the rest of his time in the flesh to the lust of men but to the will of God. So here Peter tells to arm ourselves. See put on the armor that Christ had. His armor was forgiveness, meekness, gentleness, complete self-control that Christ had. That's what he had. See, he mortified the flesh. Paul tell us to mortify, kill all the day long the deeds of this body. Kill it by the word on your cross. Exactly right. You see? So then we find then that this is a hard way. Oh boy. Nobody wants this way, but many can run down in the air in the flesh, see to look for a man to raise up. I would love to see William Brown raise up. If he raised up, what would that mean to them? For for Paul said, "The spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead. If that spirit be in you, it shall also quicken your mortal body." Amen. Well, then let let us make sure that the spirit as in brother Bram is in us. Amen. Before we go run anywhere, make sure that the spirit is in you. See, man, they don't understand that. But, however, that's God's way. Here's the trouble tonight in this message all over the world. There's Goliath walking up and down 40 days with a test. There's the ministry. Saul tied down. There's uh David's seven brothers running up and down. They passed seven years, eighth year now. Praise God. But David was number eight in the eighth year. He come on the scene then, brother. Number eight. Amen. Are you listening what I'm saying now? Praise. And I'm talking about not one person, please. I'm talking about the real true prophetic bride. Oh, there's there's apostles and prophets, pastors, evangelists, and teachers yet. God's going to show them. He's going to manifest them through the dynamics. Amen. David walked out there, took one little stone, and he wound it up. And Goliath looked at him and laughed him to scorn. Yes, they'll laugh us to scorn, but that stone is being wound tonight. While they're laughing, I'm winding a stone up. Praise God. They're still laughing. I'm whining. They're laughing. I'm whining. You keep laughing, I keep whining, cuz I know what I got, but you don't know what you got. Praise God. What I got has been tested and proven by Jesus Christ himself. Praise God. Not one time, many times. Praise the Lord. So, I'm ready to take this revelation and wound it up. Wind it up. Praise God. Now, watch what it happened. Goliath stood up there. Where did that rock go at? You know where it went? and went straight to the forehead. What is that? Intellectual powers. David's ministry is finally going to come on the scene and slay Goliath in the forehead. The re when the revelation of Jesus Christ goes to Connecticut, Indiana, and Tucson, and Georgia, and South America, and all the different places, it'll slay Goliath, lay him out flat, and you see the sheep of God come screaming forth. Praise God. When the real David take that stone or that rock of the revelation of Jesus Christ, when that David stand out there with that confession of what the seventh seal is and what the power of God is so we can prove it on the spot and and smash it into Goliath's forehead and all the intellectual horses, tents, white horses, intellectual powers of the message will be scattered and the true message shall go forth. There'll be one more ride. Oh, praise God. I feel good tonight. Praise. It's going to happen. Starting right here in New York tonight. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So now we are exalting one another to good works and provoking unto love. And I'm here to exhort you. Praise God. the people to enjoy their bloodwash redeemed rights unto love and unity of the faith. But now watch here. There are many weak ones and those who don't understand God's will. And so therefore, there's a scripture here and of some have compassion. Oh, what a revelation, brothers. There are weak ones. They're ignorant ones who don't don't have the same revelation that you have. And here is now we're in the word now. back to the word. Every word man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth forth from the mouth of God. Therefore, I'm not interested in what that brother believes. Does he believe in Malachi 4? That's the be the beginning there. Does he believe that? Well, it may be all uh this way and that way. That's all right. See, uh temperance. Amen. Longsuffering. Longsuffering. Stretching way out. Amen. Praise God. See, and I'm persuaded God's able to take care of his own now. See, therefore, the I feel that there's coming forth a true revelation on brotherly kindness that'll just sweep the sweep over us and something will happen to us. Brother Ram said on the throne of mercy and judgment. Oh, what Jeffersonville, Indiana needs tonight, what the world needs tonight is thousands of lived voices. Amen. Did you hear what I said? A lived voice. Then the voice of God come down through Malachi 4 as a shout and we were we just supposed to walk around Jericho as it was. He and he said when I bid you to shout shout. Maybe tonight we can begin to shout. Amen. The Holy Spirit anoint our mouths to shout the real message out. Not some interpretation for what he said. Shout it out. But it takes a live voice first. You must live the word first. Add add. Oh my. And the devil's getting madder and matter as you add. And when you hit that brotherly kindness, oh brother, I see him go out the door tonight. He said, "Don't let them add that." Please, Philistines. Please, demons, don't let them add brotherly kinds for we are gone. We are finished. If they ever get the revelation to forgive their brothers, we are finished. Praise God. So they they're getting close. They're getting close. They're laying word. They're going to find the secret is laying forgiveness. Amen. That's a condition that man's sins are forgiven on. Forgiveness of man. Praise God. When you stand praying before you can receive the spoken word promises, forgive your brother. Oh my. If you don't forgive him, if you have an ought, you got a grievance. If you were right, he did something to you, you forgive him. Amen. Otherwise, your heavenly father cannot forgive you in the bride age, in the word age. And the devil want to keep that away from you now. So he won't let because nobody preached that now. Screw all around it. But I feel maybe tonight the secret is out. God, you talking about healings, the faith bank will sweep all over this place here. It'll blow up the camp up there. Amen. Praise God. What a revelation. And of some have compassion. But you don't understand, brother. He did the terriblest thing to me. Talked about me in a dirty way. Told lies on me. And of some have compassion. But you understand. I mean, he uh did this, he did that. Shimm kicked dirt on David. Should I cut that dog's head off? Let him alone. God has bid him to do it. Amen. Amen. I wonder this morning is that mechanic body temple tabernacle uh spiritually manifested in here this morning. Amen. I wonder if it is he will show himself alive. [Music] He'll speak things pertaining to the kingdom of God. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we can from this day enter into a little ministry like this here for about 30 40 days maybe it would just cap off everything I have preached from the pulpit. Oh I said Lord if I could just enter into a vindication of the thing that has been preached. My my purpose for the next month or so, I'm trying to bring to you the reality of the presence of Christ that you might see him that you might know that it is him by his identified promise for this day. Identified promise word. Well, he promised Malachi 4, Revelation 10:7, and St. Luke 17:30, Hebrews 4:12, Hebrews 13:8, and William, Mary, and Brandon identified that that brought the the presence from the throne on the earth. Then as he gave us a promise, St. Mark 16, the true church in action, the spirit and the life of it. 2 Peter 1 5-7. Now, if the light is here, seven adds the spirit's got to follow it. St. Mark 16. If that is so, then the presence, the reality of it is here. And then we are set in the temple. And in Jesus the capstone spirit, Holy Spirit rapture in faith, rapture in grace can come suddenly to his temple. I mean if the people are sanctified, [Music] consecrated temples under expectation. Amen. Oh, praise God. We're here. Now the promises, the truth that we have experienced from Malachi 4 are to become part of our nature. We all experience Malachi 4 himself. We went into that. We know, we believe it, we handle it. But what he said, have we added? Amen. Oh, what did he say? What did he come for? He come to restore back. Restore back what? Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness. And when they find the world's coin, I'll come suddenly to my temple. [Music] Amen. Now, in his promised word, he he won't have to uh you won't have to interpret it. He will interpret it through you. What you are doing, what he promised to do, the church that follows him, here it is, will be so much like him until the people will know. You won't have to say nothing. There goes a Christian. Wow. Amen. Dripping a Christian with charity. Amen. See, Peter and John, they were crushing after healing a man at the gate called beautiful. They said that they perceive the priesthood that they were both ignorant, unlearned man. But they take notice that they had been with Jesus getting them seven steps because what? They were doing the things he did. And we're only divine with our seven steps. Amen. Without him, we can do nothing without charity. Amen. Amen. Peter has so much virtue they will heal in his shadow. How you going to get temperance without virtue? If you got virtue, stand up and let somebody be healed in your shadow. Oh, now let's come to get some faith in this morning. Amen. Before we go way over there up the ladder somewhere. Amen. Let's get the faith first. Amen. Cuz you say you got uh temperance or patience. Where's the virtue? Virtue is dynamics. Healing power. The woman touched Jesus clothes and virtue. He turned. Virtue went out of him. Healing power. Dynamics went out. [Music] What a revelation. And he and he had a sign to prove it was him in there, too. He told the sickness of the heart and prophesied things to happen and healed the sick and uh spoke and created even created a jawbone and sent the lost his jaw so we in New York City would know that he was creating and not to look for something way down the road. He was already doing it in New York. What a sign came to brother Hunt and I so in 65 they could go west, east, south, north. I didn't care. I knew he was here. What a sign. He waved up and waved goodbye in New York. But I've already created a blood cell and hit the lost jawbone. So don't look for all these funny things. They're flying everywhere. Amen. I even give you a picture that Malachi 4 is going up in in with three horses. He's leaving. There's a mantle to fall behind. Catch the mantle. The mantle is faith, uh, virtue, knowledge, or temperance. Amen. Patience. God of his brotherly kind. That's the mantle. Then wrap it around you. Come on down to the Jordan. Stand there. Where is the live God of Elijah? With your virtue and faith, you judge whether the word is right or wrong. There you are. Other words, I don't think I'm going to get the Holy Ghost. Can God lie the word? Amen. Is the word wrong? Then if you said you cannot get the Holy Ghost or you can't be healed, you saying God's a liar. Then you don't have any knowledge of God at all. Amen. If you say that God cannot do anything in your life, I don't care what it is. God is a liar. You have no knowledge of God at all. You don't even know who God is. Amen. For he that cometh to God must believe that God is. And he is a rewarder of them that seek him diligently. Not 15 minutes, but diligently. There you are. Brother, we getting some knowledge tonight, aren't we? And if you lay aside all your creeds and all your unbelief, everything that you claim you have done, then you have knowledge to believe that God cannot lie. Boy, that early church was something, wasn't they? They knew where they were standing, didn't they? Let every man's word be a lie, but mine be true. See, now you get knowledge. That's supreme knowledge. You don't have to have four degrees in some college or something like that to have it because all these virtues are are given to you by God to place upon the foundation of your faith. That you might come to the full stature of the real living man of God. Yes sir. But now after we got our first three steps which come from God, God gave the faith, God gave, he heals and he gives spiritual knowledge. Now what are we going to do with it? We know he's here and and he give us these things to a special group and we got it vindicated by the miraculous. Now, but what are we going to do with it? Well, here we are this morning. We're going to find out. Now these next four things is what we do with what we got. If other words now temperance, patience, godliness, and brotherly kindness are what we can do now. There you are. That's what we can do in appreciation back. Oh my God, you did this for me. That Lord, I I'm coming out of the world. That that's it. I'm going to live for you. I'm going to breathe for you. I want to walk for you, talk for you. Amen. I want to sleep and die for you. Amen. Now, we understand what is self-control. And we need it, don't we? See, now it's not just the mere external restraint. I don't drink no more. I don't smoke. No, it's past that. I got a long dress and I stop cutting my hair. No, it's past that. Uh-uh. Wait. on the inside. See, that's only on the outside. Amen. See, and I fast and I pray. No, past that, too. See, way on the inside. Amen. That's illegal. It's there. See? So, we ain't talking about any legalism now. See, now, but we talking about the cultivation of the inward history of the soul day by day. Governing ourselves, keeping ourselves in order. And know this here, if we cannot keep ourselves in order, we cannot keep anyone else in order. temperance that quiet a gravity of gravity of spirit that is uh equal in every circumstance. See like Christ was never upset by any trial or anything that provokes. You see now temperance is active is self-control. Temperance will keep me from saying or doing a thing that will wound you. Patience is endurance. Don't faint and say, "I'm tired and fall down." No. See, let endurance patience have full play and do a thorough work so that you may be perfectly and fully developed with no defects, lacking in nothing. You know I'm talking about that statue of a perfect man, don't you? My the fruit of of the trial is patience. Third pull lacking nothing in the statue of a perfect man. Amen. Oh my. Sure. You're getting it now. See, therefore the test see trials test faith and the man who stands true in them proves his faith genuine. Yes, sir. Test work patience. Patient works perfection. Perfect patience is a virtue of the third pull. Personal perfection in the knowledge of the gospel and the will of God and personal completeness in all gifts and graces in them seven steps. Amen. See patience with what? What kind of patience? First thing is have patience with God. If you got real genuine faith, you have real genuine patience. There you are. See, because faith workketh patience. When God says anything, you believe it. That's all. You got patience. understand Joshua commission was a two-fold commission. Take them over and then divide the land, the inheritance years later. So, William Brandham took us in, gave us the message, put it on tapes and book, and God took them away. And now we're in the land. Amen. And that's why there's nobody here in front of me. Oh, what wonderful odds. What odds? I looked around this entire country in 1965. The prophet was gone. I said, "Well, there's nobody tell me because what I can do and I'm going to take the land for myself." Brother, get out of my way. You can't tell me. I said, I know what it is. Yes, sir. Every place where the soul of your foot, my soul of my foot stepped down into virtue, he said, you can have it. Soul of my foot stepped down into knowledge. She said, "You can have it." Yes, sir. The soul of my foot went down into temperance. You can have it. Into patience, you can have it. Amen. Into God, you can have it. Have you been having a house cleaning time? Now you begin to know what happened in Georgia for the people settled down in this message for nine years, got all puffed up and know everything. The only interpretation is this, is that, and whatnot. And then God come around through Georgia and thundered out to them. Said, "You better get busy. Have a bring back the holy decency." Oh yes, sir. Bring back the tenderness. And that's why those ministers down there in Georgia, they knew what that meant. Brother Lee Bell and all, they all testified. They wept and they confessed to one another. Georgia Saturday night, that never happened before in this message since Brother Brandham left. Ask the ministers. They know what happened. They testified all around God. A brother from North Carolina said, "Brother Coleman, I don't know you." He said, "But that was God." He now I'm not I'm bragging on Jesus now. I'm talking I need the same thing myself. See? So therefore, he said, "Brother Coleman, that's that's fair." He said, "All these years, he says, God permitted us to chop up one another in the message with our own interpretations, then come back around here in Georgia and reveal to us the lost coin." He said, "That's that's God. That's fear. Now, we must go and humble ourselves to one another and say, "I'm sorry." And that happened June 29th in Georgia. Amen. When the power of this church rises, it'll bring its brethren, lift them up into the capstone of the seven thunders. It'll bring you, raise you up in the power of God into them seven angels. Oh yes, sir. When the power of Jeffville rises, it'll bring lift them up. Connecticut and Georgia and all around the world, it'll lift them up. When they find the lost coin, I said when they find the lost coin. But if they're not looking for the lost coin before the resurrection, [Applause] Praise God. Somebody's got to preach the lost coin before. Somebody must preach adoption before the resurrection. [Applause] Praise God. Amen. I feel like I'm in Georgia this morning. I feel like I'm in Trinidad and Puerto Rico. I feel a faith I've never felt before in here. The revelation of the seven thunders as mechanics adds to our faith to bring down the capstone as dynamics to seal up the bride and vindicator. Oh, how do we know? Yes, sat of a perfect man. How do we know that? They without us are not made perfect. Who is they? Hebrews 11. All of these people, Wesley, all the way down way down to Adam, all back down through there, they without us are not made perfect. Even the 1906 to 1946 Pentecostals, even those in the first pull, second pull, even in the third pull are not made perfect without you and me. What a revelation. You know why? Because they we have not seen the brotherly kindness manifested yet which is the seventh step. So they only have six steps. So they cannot come forth in the resurrection with six steps. They cannot be made perfect complete without you and me. Oh my. When the capstone comes down, it'll complete us. It'll pour the honey in. We'll have our testimony. These signs shall follow them that believe. And we shall go forth conquerors. Amen. Oh my. Yes, si. We're the stones. Yes, s. I say by the faith in the word of God, there's some new skin sitting here this morning. Amen. There's some being delivered every day by the word by this seventh thunder revelation. You are redeemed now. Praise God. Amen. [Applause] We're sitting in heavenly places. Oh my. Those new skins with new wine, new life begin to expand. There wasn't enough room in the upper room to hold them. Too tight. They needed some room. Out. They come down the steps out into the street of Jerusalem. They expanded. They give. They stretched out. Oh, praise God. until all Jerusalem begin to wonder. What meanth this? And then Peter stood up there with a seven thunder revelation. This is that that the prophet Joel Speaker of I pour out my new wife to into some new skins. And this morning I'm persuaded that I can stand. He said this is that the prophet Malachi for spake up. The new wine is coming into you now. If you want the Holy Ghost, you can have it now. Just say, "Lord God, give me the Holy Ghost." If you want a healing, you can have the healing right now. The new wine is here now. He's pouring the new wine up on you. [Music] [Applause] We're here. the dynamics and the mechanics is going forth together. Oh, praise God. Praise our God. Praise our God. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. He come down to take us out. Thank God. Thank God. I'm going to leave here. You young children, if you got a year left or a few months left, you have nothing. And oh, how you going to answer for this message if you over 12 years old? I'm talking about you and you and you and the rest of you. Don't you think you're smart to sneak around here in this church here, be all tithe, and go back outside and put on your minis, run around with boys, and your little hypocrites. Don't you do that. You think God ain't watching you? Repent. Repent. Get out of the world. Come back to God. Who you think you're fooling? There's a eye watching you. That eye is on the earth in the capstone. You don't believe me? Take out your dollar bill. Look on your dollar bill. You'll see a eye in the cap. That eye is here now. He is a word quicker, more powerful, sharper than a two-edged sword. He knows what's in your heart, brother. You better get back to God before he cut you off. Praise God. Praise God. Everyone, I'm up in the family too. All of you over 12 years old, this day the Lord thy God speaks to you today. Repent, children. Get back to pot. God's speaking to pour out a devastation upon America. And don't be for your mommy and your father laying there day and night for you with kids crying out for you. Glory to God. Praise God. Praise God. Children want you to know God is speaking this morning the same God that spoke in church. That same God is making intercession for you here this morning. That's not me. God speaking. Serve God, children. Serve God. Serve God. Serve God. He loves you. Give your heart to God today, children. Brother Bam on my guy. He prophesied now the coming of those seals. He said at the finishing of the seventh seal, then we would know God's the great mystery of God. at the finishing of the seventh seal and there's seven thunders to it. Then we would know who God is, his nature, his being, how he lives, it be a bride washed in the blood of Jesus Christ. She'll be way up there at that time. She will have added to her fame gratuitous temperance of brotherly kindness. Do you remember blasphemous names? Said the shepherd's dream up on a pyramid mountain. There was a rock box up there, a great big workman. He had a bucket of clear blue water. He said that was the Holy Spirit. It was pouring into the rocks. He was boiling out roaches, rocks and sticks and dirt. That's the seven seal message. That's Ephesians 5:26. The washing of the sacrifice, the washing of the water by the word. Can old church hold that? Can no man hold all those quotes? can't hold all the words. You'll bust open. You can't hold the Holy Spirit. That's a ball of trash out of you. Amen. That's for perfection. That's the word to ripen you and the sunshine. But then the word comes back again. And he dumps in a bucket of honey. But you can't hold the honey. brotherly kindness. You can get up on your seventh step. You We can forgive our brothers. We can forgive our sisters. We can manifest our requirement tonight. Amen. Perfect faith. Page four. Faith is based on forgiveness. Seven tongues gives faith. brotherly kindness and a revelation that we are nothing. Amen. Amen. When you stand praying, if you have ought forgive, if you cannot forgive, heavenly father cannot forgive you. If you cannot forgive, you cannot have the seventh thunders. For the seventh is faith, but it's based on forgiveness. No condemnation. All the blood of Jesus Christ. The entire Bible in you. Your faith anointed as to who Jesus Christ is today. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Then your faith is anointed. Amen. Amen. Malachi 4's message gave us a word in season. Amen. The seventh thunder revelation was wilt thou be made whole. That was a question or wilt thou be made whole if you please. If you would be perfect. Amen. It was a revelation straight from the invisible Jesus. He was standing at the pool of Beth of of Betha, excuse me. He was standing there making himself visible. All the important people laid around in the message for nine years. The the water had moved in 1963 and through 65. I Jesus the angel stirred the water for this season through the prophet the seventh angel. The water was moving and and important folk blind spiritually physically halt spiritually with her. They would turn to get in the water. But there was a predestinated lame man standing there. All those people, fine people, wonderful people here in America, nicel looking people. But he come to one person, a lame man. Amen. Jesus about 1974. The seven thunders came to the lame man. Amen. Since 1965, he had purpose in his heart. One day I'll get to that pool. He was walking. One day, next year, one day, 1968, one day, 1969, one day, 1971 day, the Holy Spirit was watching him. God knew down in his subconscious. He had a desire for God. One day I'll make it. One day I'll be healed. One day I'll be sealed. One day, Hallelujah. Amen. 1974. 1975. Here come Jesus. Here I am. The seven thunders. Glory to God. Amen. What's the attraction on the mountain? Page 19, paragraph 114. But it shall be like when she grows past denomination, when she gets past organization and blooms out again, she'll put forth oranges like she was when she went into the ground. And then when when she puts forth oranges and then it shall be light. And they don't know what the power what Malachi 4 is yet. But when we grow past these 16 years, all these false Christ interpretations and man-made creeds and I did when we grow past all this here, like that lily down in the muck in the m press his way up. Praise God. And then there shall be light. And then we shall walk in the light. Walking in the light. People sing the song, but but walking in the light mean that the life of the Lord Jesus in his season, in his time is being manifested in your flesh. That's what it means to walk in the light. It's being manifested. And then you can sing, "All you saints of light, proclaim, Jesus, the light of the world." It'll emanate out of you. Not only will they hear the thunders of God, but they'll see the very expression of inward parts of you manifesting Jesus Christ. You'll see God on two feet. You'll hear God speaking the thunder of God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. You'll sing the amens. Do you love them? Amen. Will you serve them? Amen. Will you believe them? Amen. Amen. Amen. God created Lucifer in the beginning, but you was before the beginning. Amen. You was a thought in his mind. The angels, they all were created and you was in his mind and you was pride. If you ever going to be pride, you were bride then. He was bride then not male. He was bride then he called. He love he called. Then he call he justified. Then he justified. He already glorified. So when you step out and say seven thunders, you're saying Lord give me the glory I had with you before the foundation. Amen. That's your glory. Can't nobody take it away. God give it to you. God said so. God said so. Give me my mountain. Praise God. Each church age produced a mystery. Well, the seventh church age produced a mystery. Charity Jesus Christ. And now charity has come down on top of the seven thunders. And these seven thunders, the seventh thunder has all the other thunders in it is scooped up into it. And charity sits with a flaming sword over your head. Praise God. And the seventh seal is Christ who we preach warning every man to be perfect in Christ Jesus. The seven thunders was the mystery hid under the seventh seal. And the seventh thunder is the thunder of love. Glory. The seven spirits of seven thunders brings back Christ to the church. He's here. Oh my cherry. The seventh thunder of love. What is the seventh thunder? The great eternal thunder of God's love poured out into his adopted sons. My my brother Ben, there's something within me. Who's the rain? Nothing can separate you from the love of God. Don't you see the authority of the living God in the living church? The bride, the cripples walk, the dead are raised up, the blinds see. The gospel goes forth in his power for the message and the messenger is one. Amen. The message. Amen. The message, the purifier is the message and you are the messenger. And when charity come, you become one. The sick is healed with a spoken word. Rise up and take up your bed and walk. The word is in the church. Then comes forgiveness. Then true brotherly kindness. And if some have compassion, how many times shall I forgive? 70* 7. Beloved, the end of all things is here. When you stand praying, if you have art trumpet, if you do not drop your heart, your heavenly father cannot forgive you. That's a thunder of love. When that happens in the church, amen, in New York and Trinidad and all around the world, rest of the places, the devil is trying to get the people not to forgive one another. But the charity is the seventh thunder love that will thunder forgiveness, thunder down through. So therefore, beloved, tonight above all things, have fervent charity among yourselves. And it is here tonight by God's grace. [Music] They know all the seven thunder boys. Paul, I know William Brandham, I know you. I know the demons know who you are because you kicked them out of heaven and they're mad at you. They will use physical bodies today to curse you, to revile you, to spit on you. But praise God, so what? What a weak here. Hallelujah. We have salvation. It means nothing if they spit on my Lord. How much more me? Praise God. Amen. You never seen me. Shalom. Page one. Brother Bram said, "You only see the body. You do not see me tonight. The only way you can see me is to understand who I am and who you are. Otherwise, you'll never see me. You see some flesh. Praise God. But we're going to get into the flesh down in PE. Get plumbing to that book of life. Amen. The father of the flesh is not your real father. [Music] God only chose to put that attribute in some white skins, some black skins, some yellow skin, some colored skin. You don't know me. I come from God and I go back to God. [Music] And if God made me a colored man, I'm a happy colored man. [Music] I'm not ashamed of what I am. God made me this way. I'm happy this way. Don't you ever be ashamed of who you are. It's not you. It's God in you. [Music] Praise God. Amen. You the word of God. This is only a worldly system that shall be done away with. It's finished. The prophet uncursed it. The kingdom of God is coming into view. [Music] Amen. Glory adios. Brother Bram said, "I can't brag on Charlie and Ella Brandom, gunfighters and bootleggers and so forth. But whose son am I now? Then whosoever son I am now, that's who I'm going to brag on. [Music] And I'm a son of Elohim. So I'm bragging on Elohim. And Elohim is a seven thunders. That's why I brag on the seven thunders. That's my father. My father in heaven reveal to me who I am. Now speak it, express it, say it. I'm not afraid to say it. I never have been and never will be afraid to say one word in this Bible or here. Who is man that we should be mindful of flesh? Who is man? He's nothing. God can blow him away. Amen. Praise God. Well, this might help somebody here tonight. So, I say shalom to you. Peace. shouting for joy. Praise God. When they seen that someday there was a tabernacle here on earth and King Mel Melzdc would come in righteousness of God. That's why you were shouting you my Amen. Hallelujah. That's why you shout now. Amen. You was in Melzdc and Melzdic told you in the logos that he was going to go down and take on flesh and die for you because you had to bypass that the glory to God. Amen. And there's not enough devils in hell to stop you from going back to God. You come from God and you're going back to God. Gloriosia. Praise God. They were shouting. They were dancing. They were singing. Glory. Praise God. Amen. When they had a revelation that King Mechazedc would come in the righteousness of God and give his life to redeem us took God back again in that challenge forever and ever. Where was you when I laid the foundation of the world? Tell me what you stand upon. Praise God. Amen. Yes, sir. Job fell down on his face. That's what we are supposed to do. When the revelations break like this, we should lay prostrate and people sit around. That was a nice sermon. Heat. Heat. Fire. You can't stop this fire. The fire is here. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Fire Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. This is that. Hallelujah. Praise God. Glory. This is that spoken by the prophet Malachi 4. Receive the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Uh we have this is this particular service is the first service to be on videotape. Amen. So the back of your heads is being taped. [Applause] Amen. So I'll be able I believe I know all of you. Y'all be able to look at the tapes and see who's praised and who's not. Amen. Praise God. Amen. We got a chance to see all the stiff spirits. Chance to see all the fakers. Amen. He waited. He made you aspire something within you to press on. 66 67 with a promise. Thunders thunders thunders. Come over here. Shut up. Thunders come over there. Shut up. 10th white horse. Shut up. Thunders. The thunders of the bride revival. It'll gather her together. Hallelujah. It'll give a faint. It'll show how to prepare. Shut up. Thunders. 67 68 9 70 1 2 3 4 Praise God. The seven thunders of the seven voices of the seven church ages. But what has happened by 1974? You have added virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience. God is brotherly kindness. Going down to Georgia full of the virtues, full of the thunders that went out like a thunder. And here you stand. It thundered in New York City right under your nose. Oh my glory. Just remember the seventh seal. The reason it was not open, the reason he did not reveal it, no one should know about it. But I want you to know before I even knew any word about it, that vision come here. It goes now. That vision come years ago. You remember that? the vision of the tent. And here it is. Just as this other has slides straight into the word, the prophet slid it in there, the tent vision with the thunders, and gave us the open part. Gave us the seven thunders. We'll give him the open part. We'll let him preach the seven thunders, but when he hits that middle part, don't worry, brother. Amen. We'll be there. Oh my, what a faith to know you have the right revelation. You can call down Elohim this morning. Where is the Lord God of Elijah? Where is Jehovah Elohim? Let the God that wrote the word come forth and prove to these people. Glory. Let that God come forth. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Here he is. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. He swore God himself swore. He come down in 1963 and he swore time no longer. [Applause] He was only waiting for you to call you out. 19 years are finished already. Here you are. Don't you know what this tent means? Don't you know what it means? It symbolizes It's a symbol he [Applause] [Music] praise God. Time shall be no more. Listen what I'm going to tell you now. Amen. No wonder the mountains jumped and shouted on that thing. The mountains jumped and shouted. No wonder the sun hit his face and screamed for joy. The sun hit his face and screamed for joy. No wonder all nature broke loose. The wind shook the trees. The wind shook the trees until they shook and was full of joy and the trees jumped. I'm reading. Praise God. Wow. Nature. They knew the redeemer had come. The trees knew going back and we know [Applause] glory. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory. They seen the prophet shepherd on the mountain redeem every name on the book of life. And they seemed that their own nature was redeemed. We saw our own nature was redeemed. Praise God. They screamed and they jumped and the world went into an earthquake and the mountains ran and the rocks fell out and the sun went down and everything taking place. Listen what he's saying. The mountains, the trees, the sun was having a meeting. Glory. They was having a meeting. They recognized the Pharisees way back. They were black. They couldn't recognize the son of God. The mountains recognize shouted, jump, scream. [Applause] Amen. Praise. Glory to God. They screamed and choked and the world went into earthquake and the mountains ran and the rocks fell out and the sun went down and everything took place like any meeting. [Music] [Applause] Glory to God [Music] is finished. Glory. Like any meeting when the shepherd reveals to you that it is finished, that's why we are shouting now. We know it's finished. Time shall be no more. [Music] [Applause] Time shall be no more. But we're here. It is finished. You shall be filled. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Thank you. [Music] Amen. This is profit. I've seen jumping spells. enjoy spells like right now. And there was nobody hurt. There was nobody hurt last night. We was doing no [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Glory. Amen. Amen. Come on. Glory. I've seen jumping spells. Joy spells in New York City. Look at him. Look at him. Praise God. Look at him. New York. Hey. Hallelujah. My my my [Applause] glory to God. Amen. My my my [Applause] Amen. Glory my Amen. Thank you. That's for New York City. Some of them couldn't understand no more. You understand now? New York. Glorio. Amen. Li, liate li. Amen. Praise God. Amen. My my my amen. [Applause] Amen. I've seen jumping spells, joy spell, but there was nobody hurt. The mountains rung out. The sun went down. Everything took place. But there was nobody hurt. I've seen meetings where the power of God was revealed to the people that they were free from the world and the things of the world. And the joy of the Lord filled the congregation. And they stood and screamed and cried and shout at the top of their voice glory. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. He's here. Elohim is here. Elohim. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Here he is. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Elohim is here pouring out the Holy Ghost. Thank you, Jesus. Oh Lord, fill my brother, Lord. Fill brother Jose. Fill his family. Fill my children. Oh, fill the people. Refill. Fill. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh my. Worship, praise. Thank him. He's here. He's here. Oh my. Shout, sing, dance, cry. Let him come in and fill your hearts tonight. Christ in you, the hope of glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Glory. This is that spoken by the prophet Malach in the last days. I poured my spirit upon all the dynamics to your mechanics. Elohim the life. come into the life in the logo. In the logo. Praise God. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Let me speak to these young people in a minute here. You young people here are special something to you. Amen. The proof of this truth is that the fact that the Lord Jesus was tempted in all things as we are. But he was without sin. Sin is what? Unbelief. Even if you don't have the Holy Ghost, you're a seed of God. So be without sin. Don't feel that you have committed that mortal sin that you're finished. Uh-uh. That's the devil trying to make you finish. Think you're finished, but you hang in there. Oh, you hold the C's unchanging hand. Don't you stop. You keep moving on. You keep walking up God C's Hill. Glory to God. Don't look to the left and don't look to the right. God's going to seal you. God's going to use you. God's going to fill you. Glory. Come on, you young people. Praise God. Oh, hallelujah. Satan, he comes after the young people and strikes at them because they have experienced temptation. And he know that they don't know how to handle the temptation. And notice he suggests to the young people that because they have found themselves in a situation or because these thoughts and ideas have come to their minds that they are guilty by association. See the devil, we're not ignorant Satan's devices. That's a Greek word thoughts. So you young people, the devil will think his thoughts that you're filthy, you're dirty, you had lustful thoughts in your mind, sexual thoughts. That's a lie from the pit of hell. Glory. You are God's children. You hold on to God. Change your hand. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Your mom and your daddies are praying for you. Your pastor's praying for you. Come on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Praise God. God's going to seal you, young people. Oh, hallelujah. So I say to young people, take the word of God. You tell that devil when he tell you you thought this here, you had a dirty thought, young lady, young man, you say, "I'm a seed of God." Talk back to that devil. Praise God. Look ahead, Satan. Let me give you my testimony. Way back before the foundation of the world, God loved me. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen for his spot. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. [Applause] You young people tell Satan, "Satan, take your filthy thoughts off of my battlefield." [Applause] Praise God. Hallelujah. Fight those devils off. Pull your sword out. [Applause] Shout your devils to hell. this stuff. I'm a child of the king. My mommy and my daddy are praying for me. I know who I am. I know where I come from. I know where I'm going. [Applause] God. Hallelujah. Glory. You young people overcome by recognizing Satan and every one of his dirty tricks. Hallelujah. You must realize that this message has overcome every devil. And you can overcome by knowing greater is he that is in you than he the devil that's trying to stop. The whole thing of it is the devil is jealous because you're sons and daughters of God. Amen. What a revelation. He jealous demons. Greed poison eye jealousy. Glory. See there. He knows who you are. That's why he comes to you. Get out of here, Satan. Get back, Satan. Glory to God. Hallelujah. So I say young people, old people, grandpa, grandma, press to the top. Praise. Press on Lily. Press, press, press, press. Hallelujah. Christ stands here tonight. The mighty, omnipotent conqueror, ready to take dominion through his bride. will be the ones who truly manifest the Lord and be his body and be his voice and perform his works. Hallelujah. Do you see it? God raised up others. And so it has gone on through the years until in this last day. There is again another people in the land who under their messenger will be the final voice to the final aid. Is that where you're coming from, brother Coleman? I sure am. This is the final voice to the final aid. Amen. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. [Applause] Glory. I know where I'm standing at now. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. I know what happened just now. You don't know, but I know. Hallelujah. It's never been a day like this. I waited 23 years. Heat [Applause] up here. [Applause] Oh, hallelujah. Here we are. Glory to God. Then I'm finished then. That's my burden to get that to you. So these demons with two capstones, they are busted. Busted. That David is here tonight. Take the sword of the word. Shut the heads off. It's finished. You are redeemed. You are redeemed. Ruth, you are now going to be rewarded by receiving Boaz, the person of Jesus. My God. Good thing you stayed with it, Ruth. Good thing you stayed with Naomi in the Old Testament. Good thing you told Naomi everywhere. Your God is my God. Where you where you going, I'm going. You're not I'm not going to leave it. I want both wings. down Boaz's hair. Ruth rewarded the person, Christ, his spirit, his life, his ministry, minister, his person. And let the redeemed say so. We are redeemed, the coming of the headstone, a turn cornerstone, a precious cornerstone, a living stone. What does redeem mean in the dictionary? Redeem means to buy back means to repurchase to liberate by payment. Ransom to free by force to send the Holy Ghost itself. Pharaoh let my people go. Hallelujah. They are my people, Pharaoh. They are redeemed. I come down myself. I don't trust no man, no minister. This will be my minister. My people, they'll know it's me. The same one that was in the prophet, they'll recognize. Glory to God. My God. What's going on? What's going on? Another manifestation. Another manifestation of the Holy Ghost. The devil couldn't stop it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This is a manifestation. The devil or demon can stop this manifestation. You can be sealed. You can be healed. Glorify God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Glory. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. The Holy Ghost is here. You can tell the world about this. You can tell the nation about you tell them that the covetail has come. He's brought healing, joy, faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, holiness, brotherly kindness. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord God is becoming to the breath to fulfill all righteousness. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Thank you. How can I wind up my message this morning? What can I say to what has already been said before I go out of here? Cuz I know the Holy Ghost is here. I know you can be sealed. No devil tell me you cannot be sealed today. Praise God. You're free to be sealed and healed and delivered and restored. Oh, glory to God. What can I say? Church, let me finish up on this here. A deceived church at page 81. The church, here's the only hope I have for this morning to wind up my message is this. While Samson was bound, A a new shock of hair grow out. Bound bound bound and the latter rain comes in the spring to make that new crop. Glory to God. God sends another church just before the end time that the power of the Holy Ghost can come into her and the demonstration of the spirit. And St. Mark 16, follow the church. Acts 2:4, Acts 2:38. All of it will be following right along with the church. Signs, wonders accompanying his apostles. Great signs of his resurrection accompany them. While we're in prison, surely, surely, while we're in the famine, surely God's got a crop somewhere. While the world is dead, surely there's a place that will start in January, February, March, April, May, June, July. She's in the harvest. Then the world can come and see the harvest. Oh, surely the Lord God has got a crop somewhere. He's got a people somewhere that can receive seed. Surely God's growing a crop somewhere for the last great kill. Surely he's got a place before the time before the door shuts. [Music] It cannot fail. Okay. The children of the kingdom is to become the seed maybe seated seed of God for their age. Then they must be the word of God manifested in the age that they are living in and the manifestation just like Luther had his, Wesley had theirs, the Pentecostal had theirs with the Holy Ghost and the birth and the gifts and so forth. And we ought to go right into the perfection of the son of man when we will be the same self person. That's the manifestation I'm looking for. That will be manifested reality, whole voice, word, abiding glory. Yes sir. Amen. Glory. You may be seated. In order to be the promised seed of that age, we have lived through three stages. Luther, Westy, Pentecostals. Now, we come down to a reflection of Jesus Christ on this earth. And we have to be a reflection. I'll prove it to you this morning. There's no other way out. We lived it out in order to have a church age. Brother Bram said, you had to have age and history, a word, the message. We come down then all the other ages lived out. Come down to our age and the seven seals brought it on 1963 through 65 and brother Brown said that our age is coming on now. He said our age the seven seal opens up. There's nothing there. It'll be a prophetic gift that will reveal what's to be in the bride age. Are you hearing me? and all who will be under the seventh seal. May be seated. Amen. Prophetic gift. Now, now remember, there was no history of the bride age yet in 1963, four and five. Now in 1966, the shadow of the king coming to camp. The history is on. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Do you understand? How many understand what I'm talking about? You are living out the bride age now. Now are you the sons of God. It does not appear what you shall be. But when he shall appear the shakina, you shall be like him. He'll dip down in the bucket of love and smear you all over to make sure to make sure that you'll be like him. Praise God. is going to be. There's not enough devils in in the universe that can stop it. 200,000,000 devils is not enough. There's going to be a bride. There's going to be a rapture. There's going to be a resurrection. It's a vindicated voice word. It's already vindicated. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Do you get it? Hallelujah. A history, a age. The seven seal message is going on now. Our age now. Page 32 and 33. Christ is the mis of God revealed. All the all the the bride types in the B in the Bible. They were Christ was being revealed in them. All the prophets, Joseph and Daniel and David, he was bringing out something. His first coming was being revealed through the prophets and all the characters in Hebrews. They were coming into his first coming. Then he came. Oh hallelujah. Now the seven church ages was bringing out something coming on. Then Luther, he began to reveal something. Justification and then Wesley sanctification. Then the Pentecostals the open door. No man can shut the door. No man can open it. I the Lord have set that door. Catch that door. The resurrection is at hand. Hallelujah. Praise God. Coming on to something. Then if Luther Wesley the Pentecostals was revealing their age page 33 took them thunders threw them in the sky to let the whole world know there's a bride being called out and they are going to reveal the bride age. Hallelujah. You are revealing the bride age and God has brought you together to pour out the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Here he brought you together today. Hallelujah. From Connecticut, Long Island, Jersey, Baltimore. Praise Scott. Fort Wayne, Indiana, Tulsa, Europe is being poured out. South Africa is being poured out. It's here. You are the bride. You are revealing Christ. There's nobody else. The denominations is revealing the world council. Rome is revealing Rome. But praise God, you are the word. You are revealing the word. Here's a Bible. It has seven straps on it. Can you see it? I just read a quote. Seven straps. There's the seven straps. Now, the lamb. Hallelujah. He came forth. He took that first seal and ripped it open. Did he do it? Can I say, can you say amen? Hallelujah. He took that second seal and ripped it open. The third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth. There they are today in the message preaching six seals. The book is closed of them. Isaiah 28, it's closed. Six seals. That's all they can preach. But to you, all seven seals, praise God, is open. Jubilee time. Where was thou when the sons of God shouted for joy and the morning stars sang together, preached them seven seals. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Do you see it now? Do you see what they're doing to you? You ministers the Did the lamb break it? Did the lamb open it? Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Everybody heard that. John, jump, shout, rejoice. Glory. and reveal the three-fold mystery of God to take the bride by and by a third exodus back to Eden again. You're going home, but you have to be in the same condition. You can't go in the resurrection without the Eden condition. the spoken word. That's why he brought it out. Oh, praise God. Amen. Amen. Glorio. Amen. Oh my. We'll ever get through here. Amen. May be seated. The seven seal title book of redemption for the bride. Reveal the three-fold mystery of God to take the bride by an third exodus back to Eden again. The revelation of the seven seals, seven thunder mysteries are your redemptive rights. And there's no minister, no bishop potentate, no minister in this message or any message is going to take my seven se redemptive rights. That's mine. I come from God and I go back to God. I'm traveling like a thought. Get a good look at me cuz I won't be here long. I'll see you in the resurrection, brother. I'll see you in the rapture. Hallelujah. We're going out of here on the rapture express. Glory to God. Amen. David Sha. Amen. Brother Baduka, don't let no minister, anybody take your redemptive rights. They're God-given. God, He died for you. He saved you. No man got anything to do with you. You're God's bride and you're free. Free at last. Free at last. Thank God Almighty. Free at last. Free from sin, lust, filth, the world, everything. We're going out of here. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh hallelujah. Did you get it? The revelation of the seventh seal, seventh un revelation, seventh on the mysteries are your redemptive rights. And you now have the authority to take back from Satan what is rightfully yours. Satan, give it back. That's mine. Get your dirty hands off of my title D. You filthy devil. You get out of hell. Praise God. Back up, devil. Back those devils up. Praise God. Don't you be afraid. Amen, Elizabeth. Praise God. Hallelujah. Oh man. Take me to the water. Take me to the water. Take me to the water to be baptized. There's power in the water. Oh, hallelujah. I feel good tonight. I feel like I'm going to be healed tonight. Hallelujah. The devil can't Satan, get out of here, you diabetic devil. The prophet done prayed for me. I have my strength, my health. My wife blind eye come open. Sh. You're healed. You can receive the Holy Ghost here because that's where he told me to go take the book from the angel's hand. And when I asked the angel for the book in prayer, he said, "I'll give you specially designed messages between September 8th and November 17th to bring down the power of God in your church." So what has happened for 24 years? The foundation was laid. The age was identified. Brotherly kindness went to the angel, asked for the book, eat the book, sweet in the mouth. I didn't know, but there was coming forth a revelation that was going to be sweet in the mouth, but bitter in the belly. And November 11th, he said, "Now, you can't you can't stay here. You have to go out." I said, "Go out there and preach this." And he told me, "Just call them builders, caretakers, and dignitaries. That's all. and preach the word for 24 years. And that's what I've done. What was I doing? Building the body work on top of the foundation. What am I doing? October 18, 1998. laying in the capstone on top of the bodywork on top of the foundation. Hallelujah. This day these scriptures are fulfilled in your sight. Hallelujah. Praise God. Where is the Lord God of Elijah? Let the God that wrote the word, praise God, come forth and prove the word from here on out. Hallelujah. as Elisha. Follow Elijah. That's He said you follow me and he give you the same thing and the same power to rest on him. Rest on Elisha. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. The capstone of love is here to seal you up. Seal up the pyramids of your lives. This here is already in you already in mechanics. All we waiting for now is the dynamics. Hallelujah. Are you ready? Glory. Do you understand the revelation now? Joseph perfection. Here's the body work. The seven thunders are the seven voices. Here they are of the seven church ages. And now and brotherly kindness had to be identified and it was. And today I have identified capstone, headstone, chief cornerstone, cornerstone for what? for the manifestation of the sons of God right here. Did the others come to pass? Well, so shall this come to pass. Well, hallelujah. But when your joy becomes the Lord, everything else finished God finish with the world finish with this finish with that. It doesn't satisfy God satisfied. Then he becomes your joy because you was his joy. Hebrews 12 for the joy that set before me. He saw you on that cross and for the joy of having you with him, he died for us. Can't you die in your flesh? Praise God. Know that God has commissioned New York City to come forward sanctified. Praise God. And bring on this mighty explosion. Praise God. Back to the Bible. Back to the principles laid down on the day of Pentecost. Hallelujah. There's going to be somebody that'll come out of here. Hallelujah. Praise God. God be praised. God be praised. You know he dropped down here just now. You know it's not a man speaking. Praise God. You know that for the joy. Praise God. Despise the shame. For the joy of the Lord, I go on my job and despise the shame. The critics and the rest on my job, among my friends, among my family. Praise God. Hallelujah. Worrying about Uncle Tutu and daddy, this one and that one. Praise God. Forget about it. Praise God. Uncle Tutu can't save you. He wouldn't give you a dime if he had it. Brother, I feel strange. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise. Somebody in here is going to come out of here. Somebody's going to come out of here. Praise God. Somebody going to serve God. Somebody. Amen, brothers. God bless you. Hallelujah. Praise God. God heal me. Praise Lord heal me. Hallelujah. Can preach the word of God again. Glory. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory to God. He's here and we're getting ready to start it. And that can only be done by the dynamics because he said at the finishing of the seventh seal, you should be way up there to know who God is, how he lives, who he is. Huh? And the only way you can know be way up there is faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, kindness, brother, kindness, charity. Then you be way up there to know who he is, where it comes from, what what is he doing? Praise God. Amen. That's the finishing of the seven seal. God is so anxious to to uh uh uh put you out to the to this uh uh uh professing church age. That's right. In this message, he wants to unveil you out here. He wants to finish you up though. Put the finishing touches on you. Fresh you up in a rainbow coat. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Oh my. Amen. Okay, you may be seated. It will be Christ finishing up the seventh seal, doing the final work of redemption. The word is doing the work of redemption in you now. But he wants to come forth as a dynamics to do the final work. Finishing touch. Huh? You be dressed with the right coat on. Yes sir. By the Holy Spirit itself even the dynamic to your mechanics. Jesus said be one as the father and I are one. Then how will it be? The word in us would be the anointed word. That is the oneness of God. See the oneness of God is the word anointed in you. See, and then you become a son, a messiah for the age of messenger of the resurrection. How do I become a messenger? Show you though the the the resurrection is in you. So you know where you going. You know you're going to the resurrection cuz you adopted. You get on the seven color rainbow coat, signs and wonders and miracles. You're speaking the word of God. You're creating. Huh? So then you become a messenger of the oncoming resurrection. Great power, lightning and thunderbolts of lightning flashing here, flashing there, and you become a direct witness. Amen. Can't you live for that? Now watch. When the mysteries that's been hid since the foundation of the world is to be made known by the manifested sons of God. Now hardly anybody in this message even understand that. Why? According to Malachi 4, now watch. According to Malachi 4 5 and 6, the faith has been restored back. Can we say amen? Number two, according to St. Luke 17:30, the Messiah has been introduced. Can we say amen? Three, according to Revelation 10:1-7, all of the hidden mysteries in the Bible, including the thunders, has been revealed. Can we say amen? Well, there's your three scriptures. It's all done. I'm trying to give you a little parable not to fall into these four groups. You know, everybody, somebody, anybody, nobody. But don't be ashamed of, you know, of the gospel. Step out there. So, everybody and somebody and anybody and nobody. There was an important job to do and a service to be done. And Malachi 4 left and we had about give us about the space of a half an hour. Now number one now it was there right? Seven thunders gathers the bride together gives faith show you how to prepare. It's there. Amen. Anybody could pick it up. It's just there for everybody. Didn't matter any race, any creed, color. It doesn't matter. The prophet left anybody in Africa or Europe or anywhere could pick it up. That's what it's for. It's for the seeds of God from heaven, not from this earth. So therefore, he left the job to be done. Number one, and everybody was asked to do it. Everybody was included, all races and kinds. Number two, everybody was sure somebody would do it. Number three, anybody could have done it. Amen. Anybody, any minister, any person, any brother could have uh said what the prophet said. Anybody could have said it. Huh? Number four, but nobody did it. My somebody got angry about that because it was everybody's job. Everybody thought anybody could do it, but nobody realized that everybody would not do it. Oh, hallelujah. Thine the glory. I started singing that. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, sir. Praise God. And now the climax. It ended up that everybody blamed somebody. Don't you worry when the dynamic strikes the churches in the message then everybody is going to blame somebody when actually nobody asked anybody. So there we are. So Lord don't let me be everybody somebody anybody nobody. I thank God for an elected predestinated bride. Praise God. way back in Elohim's mind. That's not a shame of the gospel. That's not a shame of what the prophet declared. Why? Because you come from the back part of Elohim's mind. They didn't know what he was talking about. They didn't have a clue. He spoke to you. You become part of the logos. Lo, I come in the volume of the book. Praise God. So, we are not everybody, somebody, nobody, anybody. Brother, we're part of Elohim. We We rotated off of the mind of God. We can't help it. We have to speak. And my word should not return to me void. Hallelujah. Praise God. Well, praise the Lord. God bless you. [Music] And the great shepherd was smitten. The great sheep prophet when he is smitten back there. said, "It is finished." And that minute, as soon as this shepherd was smitten, sin is settled. There was no more sin. They were clean. The penalty was paid. The believers whose names were written in the book of life, predestinated from the foundation of the world, it was finished. That very minute that Jesus said it was finished, he the great shepherd had come for his sheep. It was finished. God's right hand was pulled from his bosom, smitten. Then on Easter, he returned it. Amen. Raised it up again to his bosom and extended it down to you and I in the form of his word to redeem us back to the original garden from which from the hidden secret of his great heart was revealed by a prophet shepherd. It was revealed by a shepherd, prophet shepherd. No wonder the mountain jumped and shouted on that day. No wonder the sun hit his face and screamed for joy. No wonder all nature broke loose. The wind shook the trees until they shook and shook and joyed and jumped. They seen the prophet shepherd on the mountain redeem every name on the book of life. happened. They seen that their own nature was redeemed. They screamed and jumped and the world went into an earthquake and the mountains rent and the rocks fell out and the sun went down and and everything taking place like any meeting when the shepherd reveals to you that it's finished. They're asking jumping spells and joy spells, but there was nobody hurt. The mountains rung out and the the sun went down and everything took place, but there was nobody hurt. Now, I've seen meetings where the power of God was revealed to the people that they were free from the world and the things of the world. And the joy of the Lord killed the congregation. They stood and screamed and cried and shouted to the top of their voice for the glory of God. I never did see anything disorderly. It was always right and order. because they had recognized that their name that had been written on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world, the great prophet shepherd had brought them the message and they were delivered. The prophet shepherd, no matter what the other ecclesiastical rim said about it, they knew what had happened just as them shepherds did back there. They knew what took place. No man has a right to enter the sacred desk to preach the word until he has did as Moses did. meet God himself upon ground where that there's no theologian can explain it away. [Music]
