################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-02-28 - The Way of the Cross - Coleman.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-02-28
Title:   The Way of the Cross
Speaker: Coleman
Church:  Coleman Family Ministries
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tt1gq4F_Rg8
========================================

Description:
Bro. Coleman
March 9, 1969
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So now um we know that we're going through trials and tribulations and adversities but by the help of God we want to show you that these are actually good but we got to do it in the word. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now the message is in found in Philippians the 3rd chapter the 7th verse through the 15th verse and Hebrews the 12th chapter verses 1 and 2 reading from Philippians first the third chapter. Seventh verse. But what things were gained to me? Those I counted loss for Christ. Yay. Doubtless. And I count all things but loss for the excellency see of the knowledge of Jesus of Christ Jesus my Lord. For whom I have suffered the loss of all things. and do count them but dong, that I may win Christ, and be found in him, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ. See, the righteousness which is of God by faith, that I may know him, this is one thing that we want to strike. and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death, if by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead. We understand this to mean out from the dead in the first resurrection the bride. Not as though I have I had already attained, either were already perfect, but I follow after, if that I may apprehend, that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, this means as many as be mature, grown up, full grown, be thus minded, have this mind. And if in anything you be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you. If you have any other purpose for following Jesus Christ and not the purpose of being perfected, God, he'll reveal to you that this is the message. Wherefore, seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses those gone on before us, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which not so easy beset us. And let us run with patience the race that is set before us. looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. May God a blessing to reading of his word. Um, I like to title this the way of the cross. And, uh, it may be in two parts. I don't know. I have some things that the Lord's saying this morning. It'll just be one. Uh to me I like to get another part out of this fellowship of his sufferings. But you can't say everything at once. See? So I want to show is my purpose this morning to show you what you're doing now. See? And then let you know what you're getting ready to do. See? And then when you know the will of God, then you got faith in what you're doing. But if you're all jangled up, then you don't know where you're going. Then you add his mercy, Satan's mercy. Then he got you. See you. And he sort of buffing you around then. Okay. But we want to know the word of God. Now, um um the message, the way of the cross. Now, um Paul is saying here in in the book of Hebrews, get a little drink of water. Thank you. He says, "Looking unto Jesus." Now, that's the starting point. Excuse me. Right there. Looking unto Jesus. One of the the message that that brother Brandon preached when he was about to go away in ' 63. Look away to Jesus. Make sure of what you're looking for. What is your aim in life? What is your desire? See, is it Jesus or is it mixed? Part of the world and part of Jesus. See, do you want to live at the source of all things? See, because things that are made was made by that which is unseen, which is the word. So some people can only live a Christians out on the circumference where they can see things. But the real source is at the core. Other words, if you have gold out here, see? Well, you don't have to go out there and pay for it out there. Go to the source where it come from because he made it. Amen. Is that right? and he's able to make anything else. Amen. Amen. So then when you can get to the core from where it come from, see then you can live by faith and ask God by faith. Now so therefore we are looking unto Jesus. He is the author and the finisher. He is the perfector of our faith. He is the author being he is the leader and the source sir of our faith it is only by him given the first incentive amen for our belief if he don't come and put it there you can't believe he must put it there and so he begins with a little seed and that little seed comes into light strikes it it comes alive unto God. Amen. But he is also the finisher. Yes, sir. He's the one, nobody else, that can bring that seed of faith, Amen. into maturity, into perfection. Amen. See, now Christ has already conquered and he lives in us as a conqueror. Yes, sir. So, we can put it straight. We want Satan to know that we know this. Amen. So we know where we're standing at. Amen. Now Christ lives in us and works by his promises for us. Amen. Get it? Now he lives in us. See? Then when he goes to work, he can't go through our flesh works. He can only go through the promise lay out in the Bible. Then if we can believe these promises, see, like in prayer, you come together in prayer, you begin to meditate and and find the will of God and then you check out what you're asking for to see if it's in the Bible to see if your situation happened to somebody back there in the Bible. It's four types examples. When you see your child cuz it's in the Bible, you say, "Well, Lord, God is there." Amen. Now I come in prayer for it and I ask in faith because it's there in the Bible. Amen. See, it's a Bible prayer there and you ask for it and he'll do it. It's in the word. Amen. Praise the Lord. So now God's purpose today. God is trying to find someone, an individual, anybody that he can confirm himself through. Hallelujah. See, that others might see that he lives. The resurrected corn of wheat is living somewhere. See, and he can only live by resurrection power for in weakness because he was crucified. See, and then Christ, now think of it, is only living by the power of God. Mhm. See, the only way he can live exists today, Jesus Christ, is to live by God's power. See, and that's the power that he wants to pour through you. But it can't come in until you die. That's the law of the spiritual harvest. Something must die for you to live. See, it's got to be that way. So, you got to die to yourself here. Then you can live by the power of his resurrection. Hallelujah. No, that is the only way. So now the trouble today that there is a lack of authority of faith. There's a lack of God's people to step out boldly and say Christ is in me. Get back Satan. They're afraid to say that for some reason. They believe that they are joined by one spirit. They say so is in the Bible. A God's prophet has come and preached a mighty message, spiritual union of the bride. Amen. And yet they still don't because appropriate that for themselves. See? Amen. Because the devil has told them that by a strong illusion that you're separated from him in a state of separation. Yes. Uh uh you are in heavenly places sometime in church. Or maybe when you get a spirit of prayer. Amen. See amen. He tells you, "Oh, sure. You're in heavenly places there." But not when you're outside walking up down. Because in the carnal you're not there no more. He separated. He's alive. For Christ is in you. Amen. Paul said it is not I but Christ liveth in me. Hallelujah. So does he stop living when you go out in the world for a while? Does he go away somewhere? No. He abides right there. Amen. See, God has a way he works. He don't change. The father thinks the thoughts. The son speaks the thoughts by faith. Jesus. And the Holy Spirit brings it to pass. Amen. Amen. Jesus Christ could walk. The father thought it. And whatever it was, blindness or death or whatever it was, the son know it's got to be done. So he gives thanks to the father. I thank you, heavenly father. Then he speaks the word by faith. Amen. Amen. That same Jesus Christ is abiding in you right now. Amen. He is the one Joshua. Amen. That that steps forward. That's the faith. When you see a person moving forward, it's not is Joshua in him moving forward. Amen. Cuz the son is the one who speaks the word. He said, "Let there be." Amen. The son says, "Let there be." Amen. Amen. Holy Spirit bring it to pass. So therefore we see then that our spiritual vitality is sapped at the roots through failure to boldly grasp this fact this truth. Christ is in you when now we look back to his atoning work. We say well yes because we were saved in 19 so and so and so see and we know I'll be caught up to meet him. That's at the end. But what is he doing now? That's it. You see amen now. But right now, you just fall down then. But you got faith enough to look back and faith to look forward. But what about right now? See, he want now. Are you the sons of God? Not going to be, but now. Now possess the possessions in the land. Jesus, do it now. Right now. He has a spiritual law. Your feet must stand on the spot. Amen. The souls of your feet must stand there. Well, then you got to do something. Not your own works, but he must be leading. He is the one who leads the victory. Is that right? Now, he's here now. Joshua and them were there. And when they get ready to move forward, there was somebody standing there, the unseen captain. Right. Of the host. Nay, are you for us or you against us? Nay, I'm the captain of the host. I'm right here with you, but you won't see me. Amen. Amen. It's the Holy Spirit. He's right there. He's here now. But for this time and season where you must have faith, you don't see him right now, but he's doing something mighty and powerful. Amen. He is the son. Now, the prophet said, "So, lay in the sun." Therefore, he's got to be here. He's here. Amen. So, now our spiritual vitality is sapped at the root. See, through failure to grasp that he's in us now. Amen. Now we drive that home. See, we have this spiritual union now. See, because it was uh snapped way back there because through Adam. See, because Adam died in the spirit to God. See, and then he was resurrected in the flesh to Satan. Is that right? Somebody has has got to come forth and he did Christ to die in the flesh and Satan and be resurrected back to God. Amen. And we do the same thing. Praise the Lord. See, now now watch. Now, um, here is the era, the era. Satan makes it appear by a strong delusion that we are separated right now. So, we say we are sitting in heavenly places up there. That right? See, but he keeps us in a state of separation from Christ here on the earth. But if we up there, he's also down here. He's in us right now. Amen. See, therefore, if we listen to Satan, we are at Satan's mercy. Amen. See, then when a crisis he's come, we are weak because we think he's up there, but he's in you. Amen. And the devil got you. He smiles then. He got you running around. Amen. Because Elder pray for me. Help me. Uh, see, he's right in you. Amen. See, call it upon the name of the Lord. I'm a help, a present help in the time of need. Look to him from which cometh your strength. He's in you. Christ is in you. So when a decision is to be made, you waver because we waver. See, but not realizing. But see, it's through knowledge that we get to know him. Then we know where we're standing at. That's why the word had to come. The Pentecost was all shook up. When a prophet brought that word and brought faith down to us, we know where we're standing at now. Amen. See, so we see our weaknesses and we cry. See, we ask for help from the outside. Now, he says he is the author on the inside, not outside. He's on the inside, not outside. All the power that he has is in you now. Yeah, he said so. That's right. All the power in God's throne is in you now. Right now, but all you have to do is to realize that. See amen now. So now, so therefore, we cast aside our faith. We listen to Satan's suggestions. See, he said, "Well, you know, see, and strong delusion." He said, "Well, because look how you feel." He said, "Well, yeah, that's right, big. I don't feel good, tired." Yeah. See, that's right. See, and he tell you all these things and then you look at the flesh, you look at the uh because your own carnal state. See, so therefore, in a time like this when these strong leaders move in, we are to draw the sword of the spirit and step out boldly and possess our possessions. See, the word is here, the promise, and we come into it. But once we get in there, you got to move forward and take every promise by faith. Joshua and them the type had to take every battle. Now you will fail because they fail and type. You fall down. Satan, he will assault you a thousand times. Yes, sir. Just just remember that now, brother. He's going to come against you. He's not going to believe it cuz he know because you don't believe it yet. So he going to bluff you. Amen. He going to make you prove every every inch of ground you stand on. You won't have to prove it. Yes sir. Praise God. See, so then when we can catch the revelation, we can say we are one with God. Hallelujah. He is divine. I am the branch. His life is flowing through me and I'm strong by faith because he has given me his strength, virtue. Amen. He's given me knowledge and through knowledge, Satan, I know where you at now. The prophet has taught me. Amen. Through knowledge, I know where I'm standing at. Satan, I know that God has called me, has elected me, to come to that place, to get to where I can stand there and know that God is going to add to my faith, virtue, and knowledge and temperance and patience, and godliness, and brotherly kindness, and then the love of God. God said so, Satan. Amen. And he's going to do it. Yes, sir. But Satan said, "Well, you don't feel anything now." That's all right. I also have knowledge that uh the faith is to grow. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. That's all right, Satan. Therefore, I'm strong by faith. And Satan, I'm wise because I have his wisdom. Amen. I'm redeemed. I have his redemption. I'm sanctified. I have his sanctification. Get back, Satan. You see him back up. I have love. I have peace. I have joy. I have meekness. Humility. The seed is in me, Satan. I have it now. All I got to do, Sat, is to go forward and put the sword of of the spirit out there. As right now, having now and possessing now. Yes, sir. Amen. Is that right, friends? Yes, sir. Amen. Then when we do that right now now see in the faith works in the spiritual realm. So when faith Christ in you says let that be a minute now in the spiritual realm it begins to happen. Keep on doing it. Keep on doing it. Keep on doing it. Pretty soon it begins to manifest itself out here in the senses. Praise God. Pretty soon love begins to take over emotion. Amen. take over affection. Praise God. Faith begins to take over reason. Amen. The the characters of God take over your own character. Hallelujah. Takes it completely over. Brings every thought, every high thought that exalt against God. Bring it to captivity to the word. Bring all those crazy doctrines, bring it into the word of God. Overpower the thing and choke it to death. Amen. Praise God. That's right. Amen. Cast down all imagination. Amen. Through the word. Who does it? Christ the author, the finisher of our faith. Praise God. Whether it be power, love, joy, knowledge, we possess it. We say, "I got it now." Amen. See, then when we begin to act on it, Christ the head becomes manifest in and through the body. Hallelujah. Then you see him living. I didn't say so. The people have come here and said so. I hope he got there. You maybe you don't see it. They see it. And the Lord knows that you don't see it yet, but he sent a witness. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Satan is a liar. Amen. And the father of it. Amen. Christ has conquered. Amen. For he said he is the author and the finisher of the faith. Amen. But faith must possess its possessions. My possessions is to be love, peace, and joy and all these things. I have to possess it. See now he says a strong delusion through unbelief. He says that we are carnal right now. He said you're carnal. Satan says so. Now either I can believe through unbelief in the power of evil or I can believe by faith and the power of God. See the power evil then he's stronger than Christ cuz Christ is a strong man that's supposed to come into the house and bind him up. So which power is working? Which which has the strength? Excuse me. So thus Satan say you're carnal. Thus, in actual experience, we feel and we see carnality until we turn our unbelief around. See, and begin to say boldly, be it unto me according to thy word. Amen. Be it unto me according to thy word. Amen. Think of Mary. Now, Gabriel, stand there so that you, Mary, are highly favored. me among all women you Mary Satan said you must be crazy Mary right at the same time see at the same time there's Gabriel speaking a prophetic message you're going to bring forth the Christ his name shall be called wonderful counselor mighty God everlasting father Amen she knew of the scripture she'd read it many times but I'm going to appropriate it to myself I'm going to because apply it to my life seed. Amen. Can I apply it here? Gabbel says yes. Satan says no. So somebody had to move forward. That was the hour. Amen. That was the predestinated second of God that that seed Mary had to speak boldly. Amen. And she said, "Be it unto me according to thy word, God." Amen. When she said that, something unseen be to happen. Amen. Amen. Unseen. God created a blood cell in her womb. At the moment she said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Holy Spirit, a captain of the host, unseen, begin to brew. Hallelujah. Over in her body, begin to add cell on cell. Amen. Cell to cell, cell until it begin to grow and formed into Jesus Christ. Mary has spoke it boldly by faith. And the bride stands in the same spot. A prophetic message by an angel says, "You are the one. Come out, little eagles. God has called you to bring forth Jesus Christ." Me? Yes. You out of all the Pentecostals. Yes. Baptic message. Yes. God's called you. But my mother was a Pentecost. That's all. He's called you. Amen. Call you as an individual called you up. Amen. So you've got to say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Sometime before the Holy Spirit can't do one thing until you speak it out. Amen. Be it unto me. Amen. So then we say, "Well, then we are dead." Amen. And our lives is hid with Christ in God. You got to say it now. Yes, sir. See this? Now, this is the dying out on the cross. Of course, this is the law of new life. death, life, death, life. Now you go through your sufferings now, the trials and purges and so forth. See, but now we believe that we are now, now Moses is a type, you know, of this here because one type all believers say God is almighty. God can do this, God can do that, God can do so and so. But how many say God is almighty in me? How many say God can do so and so, God can do this and God can do that in me? How many can say that? How many can say such as I have, I give unto thee, rise up in the name of Jesus Christ? How many can say it? See? Amen. See, there lies the essence of Moses controversy with God at the burning bush. God was saying, "Come now. I will send you down to deliver my people. See, Moses was replying, I believe that you can and that you will do it, but me, I can't do that. Amen. That was Moses. See, now God's power was not in question. For Moses knew that God could do it. But what was in question was whether God would do it through him. Amen. So it is today. What is in question? We know that God can do it because he did it through his prophet. Amen. We seen him do it through his prophet. He believed it. Amen. He had the faith to believe that. You know, many people say, "Well, brother has visions." So for that man had more faith and all was put together. Do you realize in 1962 that he had to go and tell everybody that he was going to open the seven seals? That's exactly right. didn't even have that vision yet because December by faith he said that I'm going to preach on the seven seals way 62 that right by faith he said so then in December he had that great visitation to go out west but by faith he said that there's the key note by faith amen see now it was Moses appropriation and his obedience see of faith that hung in the balance So it is today obedience and whether we will because appropriate what God has said. See? Amen. Now when Moses did go forth. Amen. The scripture says his obituary by faith. Moses crossed the Red Sea. Amen. He did it by faith. By faith. Rahab. By faith. Noah. Everybody did it by faith. Then we must do it by faith. Amen. Because if they would write a little bit longer longer then it would say you was called out by faith. By faith you recognize Christ in his prophet. Amen. By faith you moved out in 63 and four back there cuz the prophet spoke it. You said that is the will of God. I don't know how it going to be. It's going to be amen. The prophet spoke many things. You by faith believed it. Amen. By faith you moved under that anointing. That anointing struck the seed. Deceased. I don't understand it, but I'll stand with him. Be unto me according to thy word, Lord. Amen. You have already moved out. Don't even know it. Anointing come down. Pull thee out of there. Says, "Come on. Come along with me. I'm the unseen captain. You just moving along." Amen. All kind of things happen. You're moving along anyway. and by faith. If they were to add to Hebrews 11, it would say the bride in the end time by faith in the word of God delivered to the prophet move out by faith received a man like because Rebecca back there didn't even know the man but they heard his words. Amen. And they said I will go without even questioning it. Amen. Told her pastor and the church lay banning them. Say, "I will go." Is that right? That's what she did by faith. She did it. See? Amen. So Moses by faith went on down to Israel. He was baptized into the burning bush first, of course, and he met the word of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. So therefore, Moses had all the qualities in him, and then God anointed those qualities at the burning bush. He knew he was supposed to do it. You know, he tried to do it before in the flesh. We've done many flesh works. I'm trying to do it, Lord. That's all right, son. Go ahead. I'm trying to do it, Lord. Go ahead. Amen. See, but one day that anointing strikes it. Then it just falls back. Amen. It knows who it is. I was back there when the sons of God shouted for joy. Praise God. It's being how it's being revealed to you. Wisdom comes to you. See, and wisdom brings understanding. Amen. See, understanding brings you knowledge. And then uh cuz first thing come to your faith is virtue, strength. The next one is knowledge. See, then through knowledge, you say, "Well, all this is for me. You call me God." See, he says, "Yes." And you say, "Well, for the joy." Amen. That's set before me. He's the prophet said that this the future home of the bride, the bride, all these that's joy. That's it. It's set right before you. Amen. Amen. by vision. Amen. It gives you understanding. Then no matter what happens to you, sufferings, trials, persecutions, for the joy that was set before me by the seven seals, I got a vision. Get back, Satan. Get back. Amen. Getting the breath stroke. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You have to swim this breast stroke for a while. Float for a while. We floating right now. Amen. He will quicken the pace soon and you begin to swim. Move on out. Amen. That's now he has anointed your eyes. Eyes is the faith of the under of the understanding. Understanding is the heart. That right. When he brings you through all of these trials like Shadrach and them and Daniel, the first thing you get is wisdom. Understanding. Is that right? See, gives you wisdom first. Wisdom is a revelation of God. And Paul said, "How beat I speak wisdom unto mature people." Is that right? Not to babes. Mature people. Cuz babes take the wisdom and get in the house and get all puffed up. Amen. But mature people sit right there and say, "Glory to God." Just drink it in. Amen. They're growing. They're adding. You add by knowledge. That's why Paul said that I may know him. To know him is eternal life. St. John 17:3. To know him is eternal life. Amen. And then when you know him, you begin to know. You begin to partake of his divine nature. So say Peter. That right? And how? By adding him in. He's the word coming in now. So you don't see it. But Mary didn't see nobody stand there either. But it it was growing. Amen. So therefore from the time by faith Moses spoke the word of God with authority and was unconquerable. Couldn't conquer him. He knew. Amen. So therefore Mary did the same thing. And what about the bride today? We say by faith we do it. See, now remember, okay, I want to hurry up because I want to keep it too long. I want to drive that thought home to you. Now remember, faith, so you understand right now. See, faith begins by being a laborer. Let me get the scripture for that. Hebrews 4:11. I want to give you the word for that. Let us labor therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief. So now labor, let us be eager to know this rest to know him. See, he is the rest. See, let us make every effort to enter in. Excuse me. Let us be zealous and exert ourselves to strive. See amen now. It's also is also called a fight. See, 1 Timothy 6:12, he calls it a fight. Fight the good fight of faith. Lay hold. Put your hands on it. Amen. It's substance, you know. Lay hold on it. See, you got to lay hold of it. See, lay hold on eternal life where to thou art called and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses. So now our faith, the author Christ begins seed form as a labor, as a fight. Now everybody in the in the Old Testament, they fought and never received the promise. That's right. But think of you. Oh, you have been ordained to fight and receive the promise in the flesh in the last days. The sons of God shall be made manifest. He shall reveal unto the sons of God the glories of God now. That's our charge. We're called for that. That's right. You You're fighting now. Right now. You're laboring now. But you're coming into something that caps don't you cease. See, but so therefore you'll be happy when it actually happens. You said, "Thank God. I labored and I fought through 62, three, four, five. I was assaulted by the enemy, but I got up. I pressed forward. I persisted." Like all the other heroes back there in the Bible, they fought on. Barack and all of them back because Gideon, all of them, Samson, all of them. Amen. Amen. They never received the promise. It's for the end time for you, the bride. Is that something friends? Amen. Think on it now. Amen. And it is consummated in a rest. Philippians 2:16. Praise our God. Holding forth the word of life that I may rejoice when in the day, hey, capstone day, in the day of Christ that I have not run in vain, neither labored in vain. Amen. See, and now watch. Then this is to say that our I call it the first stage from say 63 up to now. It's the first stage of your faith. See there's a finisher also. The there's because because beginning and a finish and you going to partake of both of them. Amen. That's right. These signs shall follow them that believe. The joy of the harvest shall be with you. Oh, that's coming. That's the power of God is coming. The fruit ripens in the top of the tree is going to be in you. Praise God. See now the faith the first stage of your faith is always the battle. It's a battle always through your Bible is a battle. See of taking hold by the will by the heart and the knowledge of God's promise. Now brother Brham brought us knowledge of the promises of God. And we see it first wisdom because comes down because revelation wisdom wisdom strikes the heart and gets understanding. The wise shall know their God. That's why it's called the wise virgins. The wise shall know know that God, he's the word. Amen. And do mighty exploits when they know who he is first. But they want do the exploit because without knowing him first. You got to know his will, how he works first. See now. So the battle is taking hold now. See of God's promises right now. Now watch. See, which is not listen to these very words. The uh the promise is not real to you now in experience. It's not real. That's the whole idea. And that's where Satan traps you at. He said, "Well, you don't have this love." Now, you heard that before, right? Right around here. You ain't got it. Where's your power at? You ain't got nothing. They don't even know the will of God. They don't even know that they are to uh uh apprehend this. see that they are to move on and show this fight this faith first, not expect God soon as the the prophet go up to seem to be in the flesh and pour out his holy spirit upon top of it. No sir, you got a fight. Now, he didn't say that there. He said him that endureth to the end. Amen. That right him that presses on. So people they don't want to press on. They ain't got nothing. Ain't nobody got nothing. There's that unbelieving devil right there. Get away from me, Satan. I don't want to even see him nowhere. Amen. Amen. Because God has given us faith to press on. He's given us an understanding heart to know the knowledge of God to know who we are and and what we're doing. They don't know what they're doing. Therefore, they want power to do. Hallelujah. Glory to God. No, sir. Power's in you. See, it's a seed. It's growing. They don't know that. See, but we moved on anyway now. Okay. So therefore, this this truth promise is not real to us now in experience. See, but we declare it to be ours in spite of all appearances. That's right. Is that right? All right. The former farmer says that he's got a wheat field. He sees a blade. He said, "I don't care what you say. I have a wheat field. In spite of all appearances, he's got a wheat field." Is that right? Next thing you know, he's got a little tsle. He said, "In spite of all appearances, in spite of this carnal state, I have a wheat field ahead coming up." Amen. Then the shock comes. He said, "That's not it there. It's on the inside." Amen. It's still coming. Then when it finally gets to that stage after the latter rain pour up on top of it, it's green yet. It's milky. Needs to be dried out. But in spite of that green appearance in 65 and so forth 66 in spite of that green appearance being sticky and milky. See that was still a wheat field. God says touch not my anointed. Do my prophets no harm. My anointed ones the little ones out there. That is my wheat there. And if anybody comes against it there be like touching because 10 million votes. That's right. See that's his wheat. His little one. See? So now the author of the faith by faith planted a seed in your hearts for the foundation of the world. He knows where they are. He throws a water upon it and he's going to bring that seed to maturity at the end. So it grows right on down. See, but while it's growing is growing through something experiences. It has many adventures. Let's call them because adventures. That right? Adventures. That's what it has. plenty of them experiences and so forth. Now, so therefore, we do not appear to be dead, but see, but and because unto sin and alive unto God, but we are because we don't appear, but we are told to believe it. The prophet said, "Believe it." He said, "In order for you to get the the token, you it must be total because obedience to every word, right? In order for you to receive the token." Now, so therefore, when we dare to believe it, and you got to because uh declare it like Mary did. She said, "Be unto me." You got to say it. See, they think you're nuts. Like right now, I hope you got that. Right now, we have the audacity to declare that we have the Holy Ghost in us and all around us that say, "You have got nothing." Amen. Do you hope you see it now? Amen. You see an unbelieving devil that rather believe that you have in God than than believe because you have it. Now, where's the faith at? See what you're facing now? That's unbelief that comes into your midst. Ain't nobody got this. Ain't nobody got this overhead. That's unbelief. When he has come and quickened every word through the Bible, he's poured his blood into every word. And if you break one word, you don't see it then, but you're dead while you're living. You because you'll be judged later on. But you're already dead. You have judge your own self right there. For you broke one word. You broke the prophet's message. See what I mean? Now you break it there. Nothing happens to you. Go on. You get blessed in in his permissive will. Sure. Because you feel the Holy Spirit. Sure. It's all right. But when that seed that does believe it comes out into maturity, then when you begin to look for that over there, that's judgment over there. See, believe it now. Amen. See, praise the Lord. So therefore, Satan, like he's doing now, will assault you. Oh, he'll assault your faith. And sometimes you fall down cuz Joshua did. See, cuz aching, unbelief in the camp. That's right. Don't believe it. Don't believe the promises of God. God said it. It belongs to me. They don't believe it. They got to see with their eyes. They got to be in a whole lot of hallelujah and got to feel it and see it when they're not realizing that it is by faith. You get it because Hebrews 11 by faith because you're apprehended because appropriated to yourself you're standing on that ground each piece of ground by faith they don't understand that now. See there's another spirit spirit of the church Eve spirit looking for new life. See now unbelief will say it is not so. Mhm. And belief will say, "Shut up, unbelief. It is so." And do you know, they don't get mad at you. Oh, sure they will. They will actually get mad at you for saying because it is so. Because they don't believe it is so. And they'll they will exert employ. And then you come right back and employ and exert and strive every effort to prove that it is so. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. By the sword of the spirit. Amen. Amen. Do you see you in a death struggle? See, right now, spiritual wickedness right here on the earth here. See? Amen. So, therefore, Joshua and Israel, they got uh he says, "Don't pray, Joshua. Get up. Sin in the camp. Get up from there. Don't pray." Might as well stop right there and get the s out. See, when you get the s out, then you can see something happen then. See now as we follow in the footsteps of those who by faith and patience waited because to inherit the promise. See something begins to happen within. You don't see it. See but it begins to happen within. Now right now the son his presence is doing something within. First is inward then it's outward. I I hope you can see that first the baby grows in the mother. You don't see but you see the form of it. That's what the prophet's son and wife sees the form of it inside. I hope you got that. Paul said, "I labor and travail that Christ be formed in you." A prophet brings on labor pains. He labors travails with the bride to and that until Christ is formed. And when a seed is taken hold, profit goes off the scene. And let that seed begin to fight the good fight of faith. Begin to labor. Amen. Labor to bring forth that job. Jesus Christ. I hope you get it, friends. Amen. Is it getting through to you? Amen. Amen. Praise God. See, therefore, the spirit will cooperate. He's waiting to do it. The son said, "It is so." And down it comes. A refreshing breeze comes down. Amen. And begins to cooperate with the word. The word said it. The Holy Spirit brings it to pass. His presence is doing it right now. shaping and molding a bride through trials and also adversities and persecutions. See now then to our faith is added because assurance blessed assurance and assurance is when you have it and then you it begins to add to your faith and uh because knowledge and so forth all is added. See now then as it's being added as you're laboring as you're fighting in the first stage of your faith. See as you're doing these things here it comes on you unconsciously is an unconscious growth. You're just going every day but you're fighting a good fight of faith and you're laboring the good fight of faith. See and you're laboring and fighting every day. See now then before you know it the consummation comes the capstone before you even know it. The consummation the finisher. He's the author and the finisher, the perfector. Amen. He comes down. I'mma prove it to you because uh by Apollo 9, he comes down, see, and comes in love and says, "Here is the finished product." And out it goes. See, but first he did a work on the inside that nobody else knew what he was doing. Amen. See, then the consummation of faith has been reached. this summit, the thing because you're because looking for you got there at top the mountain and the prophet said when you climb up the mountain and get to the top by faith then you break into powers, visions, glories of God up at the top of the mountain. You're up on the top then. Amen. But you you know you got up there by experience. Now when he's there with you, oh brother, Satan has got to get back mountain be thou removed. Go into the sea like Adam. Go over there. Go over there. So for a spoken word of God see but when you get there you'll know that you stayed with that word no matter how many devils said that it is not so you say it is so amen see then the love the capstone is the flesh and he comes down now then what once 63 4 5 6 7 8 and 9 was a effort to maintain also labor for now comes easy as breathing just walking the prophet said so there goes is a statue of a perfect man. Love is in him. Faith, joy is all in him. Yes, father. What would you have me to do? Go on that corner over stand over thus sayith the Lord. He goes stands right there. See, he's be because obedience and there he stands. He has all of the faith, the rapturing faith is just in him now. All he needs is a a trumpet blast because it's the word. Amen. He hears that dead in Christ raised up and so forth and then and whatever it has to be happens and away you go. But the thing is he's got to have perfect love and love is a capstone. Amen. So therefore that is the law. See there's a faith. There's a law of faith. It's got to be fought labored out then finished off. And the finishing touch is Jesus Christ himself. The love of God is the finishing touch. Then he shows you the product. Yeah. Dresses it all up nice. Here it is. See? And it is what it says it is too. Not in a false box. You know what I mean? See, all dress up become on the outside of me. See, now all of the equalities is in the second stage right now. And they must be in there. See when he anoints it. Now quickly the way of the cross there's because three aspects of the way of the cross. the the atoning work which we have which we have all been through the identification with Jesus Christ the word which is right now see dying on the cross we are now identifying oursel with the word he has come and said here's my word and we say that's the word and we do it see and in doing so we're dying on the cross on the cross see okay because quickly then when we realize through knowledge that we are because crucified with him then you can start adding something to that Then the token is added then when you go on the cross and die daily. See? And then the token is added. The life of Christ comes in as you die out be like your own life. Then his life comes in. See now there's there's another stage. See the dying of the old man. This is the same second stage. And the rising by power of God of the new man is an actual permanent inward experience that you never forget because God did it. See me now it's got to be done on the inside first because the third stage see is more trials but that's for the outside and the third stage is to die out for others that was Jesus Christ that was the early church the corn of wheat that was Paul that was William Brandham he told his son Paul it's not for me it's for you is that right see because Paul said that death workketh in me but life for you I die in this body every day for you. See, if Paul died, then the people could feed on the resurrected life of Christ in Paul. Amen. See, we fed on the resurrected life in brother Brandham. As he died daily, well, God has ordained a few, a bride to come forth soon and to die daily and to go out and that life might be seen out there. The life of Jesus Christ. Therefore, that is what we are believing here and that is what we are coming to now. That's why Paul said, "As many as are perfect, mature and have this understanding, let us walk by the same rule here." See? Amen. See now, so now because in closing, the first and second stage is for us as individuals. The third stage is for others. See, he's preparing you for something. He's going to show himself through you. But right now in the second stage now we identify ourself with every word. Then every word can come down and identify itself with you and work right for you. Amen. See which is the anointing. See now um well I'll skip this here. Maybe I can because pick it up later. I want to get to something here now. Um yes. Now we want to all overcome. Are you tired? No. Oh my god. With 10 minutes more. Amen. Amen. Go ahead. I want to strike this here. Amen. I see some getting tired there. So now watch uh to overcome. We all want to overcome, but we've got to have knowledge. Paul said to know him. See, therefore the early disciples before they even become received the Holy Ghost, he opened the scriptures to them. Is that right? In St. Luke 24:45, he opened up the entire word to them. He spoke things pertaining to the kingdom of God to them. All they need now was anointing and striking. That's all. See, so Christ has slipped down now and opened the scriptures to us through the seven seals. Is that right? And we add we or we appropriate this because to ourselves. See amen now. Now we have to have the mind that was in Christ. See the early disciples had it. Paul had it. Brother Brandham had it because many others had it. See, now we want the same mind. See, now watch. Well, that mind we read, "Count it joy when you fall into diver temptations, but can we do it?" See, rejoice in your tribulation because can we do it? See, but they did. We say, "Well, how could they rejoice?" It's a revelation. It's a revelation. Now, you got to have revelation. When the early church got a revelation to sell their goods, get it now? Somebody else didn't get that revelation. Yeah. Therefore, they only sold part of it because they were handing part the money. But those who sold it turned all the money. It was a revelation. Amen. Hiccup and safer. So what they did imitating is what we because we'll keep back part of it. No, no revelation. Trying to do it. See, and what happened? The Holy Spirit called right out. I hope you're reading me. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So it's a revelation. So can it joy and these things is a revelation. They had this revelation and that's what God is bringing us up to now. You right here, he's bringing you to a revelation that you counted joy to fall into diamonds temptations for we show you because by the word this morning. Amen. Now see, we want to know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his suffering. Now, do you want to know those things? Amen. Then if you really want to know it, then it's a joyful thing to know. Amen. Cuz it's a joy. Amen. The fellowship of his sufferings is a joy. Amen. That's exactly right. See, but we got to come to that. Our our minds got to understand that there. We have to get over these little petty things here. Amen. See, so now we got to know the true method of facing, handling, and using for good. See, all forms of adversity. Let's sink in now. We got to know the true method. how to handle, how to face, and how to use every evil thing. My God. Amen. Hope you get it this morning, friends. Then you can enter into another realm. Yes. They was in that realm. And so was your brother Brandon. They they walk in in a spirit of faith. I mean, is uh up higher. But God said, "You're going to come up there through the word of God." He gonna show it to you. See? And watch what I'm saying. We got to know the true method of facing, handling, and using for good. Now, it says on the word Romans 8:28, all things that right, evil or good works together for good. To them that love God. Amen. I'm trying to see if you get it. See? Amen. Praise the Lord. See now okay all experiences of what we call evil like you know shocks suffering difficulty disaster unjust treatments if you were to get a shock at the service this morning see me now you would know if you're spiritual that it works together for goodmen if somebody was to shock you with some bad news or something like that you say well praise God just heard the because preachers say that it works together for goodmen Amen. So it'll happen to you this morning. See? Amen. Now the key, see our evils, watch this. Now our evils are never happenings happenings in themselves. See, but the effect that we allow them to have on us, there is the trouble. Amen. The thing in itself can't harm you. But the fear that we get against it, it tears you to pieces. Can't sleep, can't eat, can't praise God, can't sing, can't sit down, can't read the Bible, can't pray. The effect on you of evil. Amen. Sink it in. Now I'm I'm driving it home now. So you get the idea here. See me? Now like when you start out, we have unity here. Unity itself is delubricated because of the machine. The machine is the word of God. You got to have that because to begin with and unity become lubricates it. And having unity you got to die. People have all kind of odd habits, strange behaviors, you know, things like that there. and because of joy in the beginning. See, but you got to look at what little stature of Christ is in them and say, "Well, praise God for that little bit I see there." And don't look at the moat that is a beam in your own eye. You got to think that Christ in his love takes care of yours. Glory to God. So therefore, Lord, let me love him like you love me. Amen. See, see me now. No matter how fleshy it looks, no matter if it if it's old or whatever it is, see me now. No matter what it is, he brings us all together. Different tongues and dialects and so forth, different strange mannerisms. I myself used to be a person used to watch every little thing because you do. Before I was saved, I had I couldn't understand certain things. See amen now. So there God had to beat all it out of me. I watch everything. I got to have it with me. I got to see what's in there. What's over there? What's over there? See, I watch everything. But now he uses that. Praise the Lord. See, but that's the way I was. I used to drive my poor wife crazy. What's his head? What's this over there? So forth so see. See? Amen. See, but now see, but see God use that. It's that's in the nature. Amen. See, but then you begin to overcome. No matter what he does or what he does, what about what I'm doing? It's because I because because and offense also. But God in his love takes away mine in his own time. Amen. Amen. In his own time. See, when he wants to, so we got to say, well, Lord God, let thy will be done. See, so therefore, in a place like that, there he begin to mold you together. And you said, but there so I can't understand this person keep on doing this thing. Great sin, grace does more abound. Amen. When he said there a whole lot of unbelief in here, there's more grace in praise God. It'll take care of it. It'll mold it and shape it into a unit, lubricate it by unity, and they'll come and see it. Amen. There'll still be those who are raised up. It's all right. Love them. Right? They can't do nothing cuz it's established. God has set the thing there. He put the oil in there, right? Delubricating oil. The unity is moving all through every part of the machine, every part of the word. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. See, so now um therefore, see, we allow the effect to tear us to pieces. This person speaks this way or has a fleshy behavior or whatever it is. See, because it kills you. See, now that's for purpose. It is to kill you to die on the cross. That's what it's for. Amen. Amen. See, that's what it's for. And then after a while, it keep on coming. It keep on coming. Why don't they stop doing that? Why' they stop saying that there? See, he will keep sending it until you say, "Lord, I love my brother and my sister." He'll keep on till you say that. Keep on doing it. I love you. Praise God. It's all right. Then he does it. You don't even see it. All you see is Jesus on the cross. Amen. Now you're being perfected. Now you're growing up. Christ saw all kind of things. Father him. Brother Brandham, what did he say? brother. See, but he went on. Amen. Praise the Lord. See, now see the the evil in itself because the happenings that's not the trouble is what we allow it to because the effect on us. See, now every experience is good or evil. See, that's right. See, now fear and doubt makes it evil, but trust says it's good because you trust in God. That's all right. Cuz Rom 8:28 says, "It'll work together for me, for my good." Therefore, if it's evil, it's going to be for my good. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. One example, Calvary. Let it sink in. There was Jesus Christ, the savior. He faced the most evil thing that could be done. That right? It was an outward experience. That right? It was Satan's scheme. It was an evil thing. But Christ, did he waver? No. Uhuh. Uhuh. See, he had an inward attitude of faith. Amen. Praise God. See, which declared that that evil was good. See, he rejected the temptation to call that evil evil. Said it's good. He said because he said it's not my will. It's his will. Then if it's God's will, everything God does is good. Amen. Amen. Is that right for us? Amen. So therefore, now watch Christ then when if you read through St. John 12:13, 144 all through there, he don't even mention Satan hardly. In St. John 14 30, he says, "The prince of this world cometh has nothing in me." Amen. Oh, praise God. He has no claim on me, no power over me. That right? He has nothing to do with me. Amen. Nothing in me. Is that right? The prince of this world cometh here. So he spoke to his disciples with joy, with love, and told them all these wonderful promises. That right? And knowing he going to face this evil. But he turned the evil around for good. Who's good? Our good. For it saved us. Let us sing. Amen. That evil was good because it brought us salvation. Right? So that trial, suffering for Christ, adversity was to our good that evil. Hope you get it. Do you understand that friends? Amen. Praise God. Well, then there's no evil that God can't turn around and make it good. That right? Satan made a fierce attack on his body outside. See, but faith, his faith made it impossible for Satan to touch inside. God was in there. Amen. The body had to go through those things there. See, Peter come along and said that it was God's determined counsel beforehand, his fornowledge that this had to be. See me now. Now, adversities and sufferings, see, are instruments of Satan. But now watch today, right now we are we understand that. But if by faith we can turn it around, Amen. turn into blessings. Amen. I'm trying to show you the early church. I'm trying to show you, brother Brandham. And we have, I believe, come to that point. Now, we're facing something. And we're going to have to and that what is that's that's what it means to be fully matured and grown up, to have the mind of Jesus Christ, to know him, to know that nothing cuz God said it was good. Amen. Everything is good. See, so therefore, because God because God create evil to turn it back around to work for you. That's his way. So when you know him through knowledge, then you understand then you don't have any qualms. Then see you know you understand God. You you because you know him right now. Then we see that we turn it around is something to be used in in faith to turn it against Satan. See now then if we have the understanding then this revelation that evil is good because of our benefit then we count it joy. To fall into diverse temptation we rejoice in our tribulations. Amen. Amen. Amen. This sure got be revelation. Praise the Lord. Amen. We use them as special opportunities to see the manifestation of God's power. It's only when you can become weak that he's strong. Amen. It's only you have to you have to become weak. Christ has to become weak then the strength come the power of God. So when we become in our weakening condition can't do nothing then he shows forth his power. Amen. and his disciples and went out. Trials, adversities, the power of God rested upon them. Amen. See, we are facing that now. See now, so therefore, if we understand this here, we face it not to merely because endure it as a judgment or trial. Then it's like weary, another trial. Oh Lord, help me Lord. Pray for me, brother. I'm going through. I'm going through. I'm going through. See me now. Another one. The early church boy that says, "Thank God we were beaten." Amen. This is the word now. You want the word? They rejoiced cuz they was whipped. Amen. They was bowed. Amen. And think of it. Rejoiced in being beaten for the Lord. Counted it worthy. I'm trying to show you there's ordained elected few who walks on that third stage. Oh yeah. Many say I am identified with you on the cross Lord. Then the next day something happened. Then the next day I'm identified you on the cross Lord. But this stage died daily every day. I live in you dying. The brother Brand died every day. Paul every day. Those early disciples. You know why? There's a reason for that. There's a spiritual law of harvest. A corn and wheat must die and it brings forth 100fold fruit. That's why see now the early church which was a corn and wheat had to die to bring forth us. Therefore, you see it now. They had to die every day. And then people outside saw the life of Christ and they come to Christ. See it now. See? So therefore, that's what is going on now. Now then knowledge, the truth will change a weak spot in our armor, our fear to face trials and sufferings. When the truth comes, it'll turn that around. And you said, "Wait a minute. You mean that to know him, this is the mind of Christ, that this is the will of God?" The witness says, "Yes. Yes, this is the will of God." You say, "Well, wait a minute. Get back, Satan. I'll rejoice in every trial. I'll rejoice because every judgment, every test from this day on cuz I have received the knowledge of God this morning that I can turn this around. See, by faith turn it back up on Satan and swallow him up just like Moses because stick did. Amen. Moses because he threw out his stick as a serpent. He threw out his because Jambre's serpent also but Moses he didn't run. Amen. And he stood there and he waited by faith cuz he know God sent him. He is something going to happen cuz God sent me here. Then pretty soon it begin to swallow him up. Amen. And you swallow every trial. Amen. Amen. But think what happens to you. Some more weight come off. Amen. Lay aside every weight. Some more weight comes off. It comes off here. God knows it's on there. So he prunes it off. Amen. Through a trial which works out. I hope you see you the light affliction works for far more exceeding great way of glory for you. Is that right friends? Then the when I get the uh because truth of it then it becomes an adventure of adversity. What's the next one? Lord got the sword of the spirit drawn out the helmet on breastplate the armor feet shower with the gospel preparation of peace. Now ready. Amen. ready for the next battle. Yes, sir. So, put the sword out there. It's a an adventure with the Lord. He's already conquered everything out there. Every trial, he's conquered it already. He wants you to go into it. Possess it. Amen. Praise God. See, it's the adverse condition that ripens the wheat. Come on. Amen. Therefore, if you don't cuz you ain't no wheat, then the wheat just lays in it. Just lays in the in the hot sun. Don't say back a word. Just lay right on in. See? Goes on into his trials. Now, don't don't go because don't utter nothing. Amen. Now, we going to see a powerful church here, brother. After this morning. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Satan going to move back some more. Yes, sir. Praise God. Why? We are following in his steps. We're turning the trials into victory. Amen. We turn the suffering into victory. Victory. Victory shall be mine. Yes, sir. That's why. Why? How? Through knowledge of the son of the living God. He's dropped down and brought some wisdom in there. Revelation, understanding comes into the heart. Hallelujah. Lord, now I see. I once was blind. Now I understand. Lord, yes, sir. I'm filled with the spirit of God. And away you go. A trial of suffering that's working to my good. Amen. Praise be to our God. God turned Satan's scheme evil into our good. What if he did it for Jesus? He'll do it for you. Praise God. Amen. Through the knowledge of God, we see the glorious purpose of God. I hope you see it this morning. The apostles saw it. Brother Brandham saw it. Paul saw it is a revelation. Then you can say uh to know him account everything lost and the power of his resurrection and also the fellowship of his sufferings is revelation friends. It's got to come to you. God must reveal it to your heart. See then the acceptance. All right. Now watch. See the acceptance and the endurance of every thing becomes your victory. Amen. Now watch. If God's gifts are are our blessings and the devil's assaults are also our blessings, that right? Think on it now. Then what remains? Amen. To harm us or to because depress nothing else left. Amen. His gifts is blessings. Satan's a source. He turns them around by faith. Amen. Into victory. Amen. Praise God. Then what can happen? What can separate me from the love of God? Trials, persecutions, atonements, evil speaking. They talk against me. Nothing. I'm more than a conqueror through all these things here. Amen. Praise God. Is that right, friends? So therefore, we rejoice always. We give thanks always. Amen. When the trial comes, I thank thee, oh heavenly father, for turning this into a victory, into my good. Then go on through it then. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. See now, all right, then if good is good. Amen. And if if eagle if if evil is equally good to the enlightened to those whose eyes has been anointed. Well, I said have to see this. Understand this here. See, then there's a realm of life that I must live in. Now, another one then that's the one that Christ lived in, that the early apostles lived in, that the one all the heroes of faith live that faith up there. that brother Brandham live it himself. See amen now. See, hope you get it. It's another realm of life. Then if this is being spoken to me this morning, this must be soon ready to come to pass cuz God will tell you what you're getting ready to do. Amen. I hope you get down the spirit. You want to pick that up now. See that now? He's showing you that no matter what's going to happen now is yours. The evil, no matter what Satan can do, is going to work to your good. Good is good and evil is good. Yes, sir. Amen. Praise the Lord. To the enlightened. Amen. Now, the babes, I'm going through. I'm going through. See, man. Now, they going to still stagger down there. But then with love, you reach down to the weak ones. Come on up, brother. Build them up in love. Edify them. Say something good to them. See, now that's all right. Stay with it. Praise God. Amen. I because because I pray for you, brother. Amen. See, give them a word of exhortation. Build them up in the faith. There are weak ones. Amen. See now, therefore, we uh rejoice always. Give thanks all the time. Thank God. Thank God. Amen. When you say thank God, the devil gets so mad. Because he can't bring in his delusion. See, bring those spirits around and make you all weary and depressed looking. That's the devil. See me now. But if you are rejoicing always for every trial, I don't mean to go around laughing now. You know what I mean? See amen. See, but see to me it means that we are just about ready for Christ to move us up the the the ordained ones into another sphere. See, and to me uh that is the way of the cross. I just tried to bring to you what has been going on now to bring you up to the point the third stage where you die daily live for others bring forth 100fold fruit right then possession of you got it right there see amen now because the early disciples excuse me they enjoy the fruit of Christ's death and the fellowship of his sufferings that right yes sir Now in closing, then death workketh in me. See, but life in you. Paul said so. See all the things are hidden in the Bible. If therefore as many as be perfect, you see because full grown now have this mind. Understand this here and move forward from here. Look, every trial that we have had to be. God knew before the foundation of the world that somebody would be could lie against you, talk against you. He knew it. But he want to see if you could take it and still love that person. See, he want to see that if you can hear something that will shock you that you won't see the good in it. Say amen now. So now uh uh if you can understand these things we've come to another realm and he's showing you in the natural the wheat he shows you because because by the wheat he shows you by the astronauts all these things there that we're coming we've come now to another place he said when the bride brother said when the bride can get to that place oh what he said when she can finally laboring and fighting to get there and you're here you're here by the grace of God you're here. When she can get there, he said, "Then watch her go." Yes, sir. Then watch her go. Then watch something come among her. The power of the living God. He said, "While there'll be such a baptism of the Holy Ghost, it'll take her into the clouds." That's right. But now, is she is all her parts working? Amen. Is the love, the faith, the knowledge, the patience, the temperance, the godliness of brotherly, is it working? Is it in working order like because Apollo 9 here? See, it's been because they even took Apollo 9 this and shook it all around. Shook it five three times and to make sure. But it held she hell. Amen. She's been through a whole lot. But she's there. Amen. I believe with all within me the bride is at the door for Christ the capstone in his dynamics. Cuz he had already slipped in already with the word capstone for his dynamics. the fruit in the top of the tree having faith in the beginning as having and possessing finally realizing it the reality of it and when that happens it comes as natural as breathing it's walking around a living temple of God amen that's what you've come to friend that's what I'm trying to show you this morning you have a little trial a little suffering whatever it is somebody speak against you speak that doesn't mean nothing at all what means do I know him Oh, amen. Shall we stand? Praise God. I hate to take up so much time, but I just want because I'm heart to get this to you so that you have faith to look for it now. It's coming. See, brother Brand said that stay in the word, the right word, the right thing is to be done. It's going to happen. We don't know how it going to happen, but it's going to happen. Somebody God is preparing somewhere in this world. There is some vessels that's been prepared by the word to receive something. Amen. I'm believing this right here. That's why I'm here. That's why I'm laboring and fighting along with here. I'm believing that it is you. There's others, of course. Sure. But I got because to believe here because this is where I'm at. See? Amen. And so therefore, these little letters and things are tokens is God's tokens to you to let you know that he went and and got his prophet's son and and wife and family and sent them here for a sign. I hope you understand that. See, they just wouldn't come here now cuz Billy Paul told me that the there's many places that could sit brand because she hadn't gone nowhere to come here. See, the Lord sent them here cuz they wouldn't come otherwise. Now, people, they don't want to hear me say this, but I can't help that. I have to say that. See that now? So therefore, the thing to do now is to no matter what you hear, no matter what shocks you hear, don't question anything. Grow up and say, "Well, okay, fine." No matter what they tell you, whatever it what you hear or whatever it is, see, be mature now. Paul says, see, and receive all these things like Jesus Christ did it because brother Bram did it didn't phase them at all. They had an inward faith. See, and our inward faith has come through these six years here now. See, and brother Brandham Elijah brought on the countdown. The countdown is here now. Zero hour. We're now ready to enter in April, the seventh year of the zero hour. Is this the year after laboring six years? Amen. That we can walk into that rest and then just stop laboring and fighting and just walk. Amen. I don't know. I don't say it is, but I'm saying is this the the seventh year coming up? I don't know. See, but it's been since 63. See, but I'm praying to God with all might in me that because it is cuz we're tired. We're weary. Amen. But nevertheless, if we have to go to 77, whatever it is, we'll still march on by the grace of God. But I just believe firmly in my heart that something is fixing to happen. I believe it's going to happen right in this assembly with people right in here. I believe that according to thy faith, according to the word being unto you. Yes, sir. Friends, I believe that otherwise I would not stand up here and sweat and preach. Yes, sir. And I've seen I thank God for the I thank the Lord for every trial, every suffering that I had to go through. I thank him down at the end. He come and give me the revelation why it is because he because you're called to it. See, everybody is not called to that, you know. So therefore, if you are called to it, thank God for it. See, it's a it's a very high calling. So then you realize it is a high calling. Then you press see toward the mark, the goal of it. See now, and we come right down to the goal. The capstone is the goal. See? And and he lines it up by the cross. So stay at that cross. Stay there. So the capstone come right in there. See now the prophet's message because tonight the restoration of the bridey I will restore saith the Lord. There's nobody going to stop me. And I'm even going to show it out here in the natural. The fruit is going to live in the top of that tree. The fourth stage is going to live. Amen. Do you love them? Praise be to God. Let's bow our heads. Brother Kirk.
