################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-02-07 - Faith Worketh By Love - Joseph Coleman.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-02-07
Title:   Faith Worketh By Love
Speaker: Joseph Coleman
Church:  Coleman Family Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXLmmigE2JA
========================================

Description:
Bro. Joseph Coleman
March 2, 1969
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Let us turn to the word this morning as we settle down. Um St. John the 14th chapter and 16th verse through the 26th verse. Ephesians the 3r chapter 16th verse through the 19th and Galatians the 5th chapter fifth and sixth verse. Now, I'm going to take my time this morning cuz I am unfamiliar with the pulpit. Haven't been here in quite a while, but the Holy Spirit, he knows. So, I'll just take my time. So, I like to teach this morning. Sometimes he like to come back and teach the word to the people. That's what we're here for Sunday school this morning. So, um people might uh know which way to grow up in. I'm reading from St. John the 14th chapter. the 16th verse. And I pray the father he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever. Even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive because it seeth him not. Neither knoweth him but ye know him. For he dwelleth with you and shall be in you. I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you yet a little while and the world seeth me no more but ye see me because I live ye shall live also at that day ye shall know that I am in my father and ye in me and I in you. He that hath my commandments and keepeth them. He it is that loveth me. He that loveth me shall be loved of my father and I will love him and will manifest myself to him. Judas saith unto him, not his car, Lord, how is it that thou will manifest thyself unto us, and not unto the world? Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words, and my father will love him, and we will come unto him and make our abode with him. He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings. And the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father which sent me. These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. Ephesians the 3rd chapter 16th verse that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith that ye being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and length and depth and height and to know the love of Christ, which passes all knowledge, that you might be filled with all the fullness of God. Galatians 5 5:6. [Music] For we through the spirit wait for the hope of righteousness by faith. For in Christ Jesus, neither circumcision avaleth anything, nor uncircumcision, but faith which workketh by love. May God a blessing the reading of this word. Take a title from this. Faith workketh by love. Yeah. Um, Paul here in this great book of Ephesians, the book that I was reading in the seventh church age book there the other day, the the chapter about the Ephesians said that was a holy people. Ephesians was the spiritual church. Now, naturally, the message from the angel went to the Ephesians church and the Corinthians was in the Ephesians church 8. There's all types in that church age. But this particular Ephesians church itself, Paul could teach all the great doctrines to them. See, and he could tell them being Gentiles, most of them because after those original ones that uh explain to them the workings of the nature. He explained to them by nature because you you're Gentiles and war and strife and all these things that was what you did when you was before you were saved. But he could explain to them that you're washed by the water of the word. He could tell them that they was uh predestinated unto adoption and all of the great doctrines there. And here to me, this is one of the greatest prayers in the Bible for is a prayer for inner fullness and knowledge. See, and and the thing that strikes me here, the 16th verse, that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. So, we see that there's a supposed to be another person, a new man, a different one, a new spiritual self that's supposed to be inside. And this only way that this person can can get in there is through a baptism of the Holy Ghost. And then that's a seed. See, God is love. But he comes. So he's the word, but he starts out with a seed. Plants the seed. Then it's the seed of love and it's a spirit in spirit. And then it is to produce at the end love, joy, peace, temperance, longsuffering, meekness, gentleness, and all of the fruits of the spirit. Amen. And so then we see then that uh Paul here was praying that for the Ephesians church that they would be strengthened in the inner man that though the inner man would be in there in seed form that he was to be strengthened by the word. See the early church they just didn't come to Sunday uh because come on Sunday because they hear a sermon on Wednesday. They were spiritfilled every day. Word fed. Wordfilled every day. They had powers, visions, all kind of signs following wherever they were. But when they come together, it was an explosion. The prophets could get up and prophesy by the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. One by one. Amen. There was no written Bible for them. They they had a few scrolls if they had them because money because they to buy them. The ministers had them because no doubt of the Old Testament. But the Holy Spirit was there to take the Old Testament and reveal it out through sermons prophesies what the Old Testament meant in the New Testament. Amen. The Bible was written till years later. Are you beginning to follow me now, friends? They were spiritfilled. uh because more baptisms. That's right. They were be baptized again. Once again, they all come together and they were filled with the Holy Ghost again. Not just once, again. They were filled with the word of God. See, so to really see God working, you must have all the word and you must have the fullness of the spirit. And here was Paul praying that they would have be filled with the fullness. And we know that he was saying that if you're grounded and rooted in love, love is the soil. Amen. See, if that soil, that ground is love, then you can grow out of that love to be able to comprehend the breadth, the height, the depth of God. That you may be able to do that. But you got to be rooted and grounded in love. And love is Jesus. He was a great big bundle of love that God so loved the world, he sent him to us. That's what so now we may understand it. And uh his breath was boundless. The breath of him the length was endless. Amen. Endless. No way to measure that. The depth was because fathomless, exhaustless. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. The height measureless can't measure it. Praise God. I'm talking about my Lord. Amen. When you begin to talk about how great God is, the devil's got to leave. He's got to leave. Amen. It compasses the universe, time and eternity. The love of God. Amen. I heard one story that a man went insane on the uh wall of the crazy house trying to talk about the love of God. can't the minor snap to be able to measure God's love. Hallelujah. Cannot do it. Praise our God. How he loves us today. If we can only get a revelation that we've got a God that loves his bride. Amen. And you wouldn't fear. Peace be still. He can still all the fears, calm all the waves. Amen. Jesus, he can stop all the worries that build up pressure cuz pressure explodes. Amen. Just come into him, the word. Come in there and sit in there and stay in there. Don't want to go outside. Don't want something else. No other desires. Amen. Just hit the desire of Jesus, Christ on the inside seed form, pulsating in there. Amen. Inside. I feel him all the time. Does a mother to be feel a seat on the inside? A mother to be. I got the seat of God filled inside of me. And more is coming in all the time. Praying for the fullness of God. Somebody ask, do you feel anything? Sure, I feel something. It's pulsating. But it better compare with the word of God. I better dot every word with amen. Amen. The spirit that is feeling me the seed seed in there. I'm going to prove it this morning by the word of God. Amen. Praise our God. It reaches the love of God. It reaches down to the depth of sin. Amen. And filth and debauchery of whatever else he reached down to because to come down and get us. Amen. That's the love of God. Reach condescend himself to come down here. Amen. To pluck us out of the miry clay. He didn't have to do it, but he loved us. So loved the world. Praise God. I'm trying to build you up to a point. I'm trying to let the Holy Spirit take hold of the word and let you see why we should serve God. Why we should walk through fires, why we should obey every word, why we should love the brethren, not talk about them and slander them, but love them. Because he wouldn't do that. Amen. Praise the Lord. It passes all knowledge. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The Pharisees were smart with knowledge and wisdom. But love come on the scene. Pass them. Their knowledge passed away. The fullness of love was standing there. He wasn't much to look at. Praise God. No beauty in him to be desired. But it was God's love. The arm of God being revealed. The love of God. But somebody saw it. And they caught hold of it. Peter, James, and John, the woman at the well, different one. Mary Magdalene, hallelujah. They saw Jesus Christ. They saw the love of God. Reaching down for them, and they took hold of it. They walked with him. Praise God. The word, keep my commandments. If you love me, then the father and I will come in and make our boat with you. We will manifest oursel to you. You'll know in that day. Somebody said, "Well, do you feel anything?" They felt something, brother. Well, they like tore off the roof up there. Away they went. Filled with the sperm of God. Sure they felt something. They was pulsating, screaming and holling like drunken people. But watch what they had in them came to. This is that word. This spirit that is pulsating is that word that the prophet Joel speak of. In the last days, I'll pour out my spirit for my sons and daughters. These are still the last days. He's still calling. Why? For his He hasn't left in judgment yet. His mercy here. There was a living testimony that was in the ark in heaven. The the emergency went over that testimony in there. The two tablets of stone, but it was living. A life was in there. That life came down here in a shout message. The capstone slipped on the earth. the cornerstone come down with strength, virtue, patience, the word. Praise God. Boy, I tell you, it just fills me up when I think about it. Amen. It passes all knowledge and wisdom. God's gift to man is the measure of his love. Think on it now. God's gift to man is the measure of his love. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever, anyone, Jew, Gentile, black, white, yellow, red, whosoever will let him come. Praise God. He'll not, he won't turn your way. Man will. You can't come in here because you can't be saved. But God so loved the world. Amen. Put some seeds down there. Amen. Amen. Just like in the beginning, the earth was seated, but it was darkness. The earth was void. Spirit of God moved up on the earth. Just moved. It couldn't do nothing because the word wasn't spoken yet. Amen. Come back to the word. But then the word said, "Let there be light." Then the spirit of the living God, love moved over the face of the earth and there was light. Now in light, then you can have some growth. Praise the Lord. Got to have light first. Amen. You going to have any growth at all throughout the life. Another time it moved. Seeds of God was laying down there. Peter and all them, John and them laying in old the old dark Jewish church void. Amen. And then the spirit of God move once again. The word came dove come down. Amen. And move once again and pull out those seeds. The third time today Leysian church dark boy void nothing. Pull out Christ. Amen. Amen. darkness pop because he blacked it out. Nothing down there, but he remembered. Amen. He had some seeds down there that he planted before the foundation of the world. He They were the ones who shouted and sang for joy before the foundation of the world. They were the ones bound and shackled and fettered in some church somewhere that something on their heart was beating. God, there's got to be something else other than this filth down here. Amen. Amen. Then that eagle comes screaming down there. Come on out of here. I've come down to get my elected ones. Amen. Praise our God. You talking about a love feast. Those elected ones who know where they come from. They were com because the the last day ones were compelled to come in. That word compel in the Greek means that conditions will be so terrible that they'll run in. Thank you, Lord. Hold on to the horns of the altar there and scream for mercy in there. Crying sigh against the abomination done in the city in there. The love of God. Hallelujah. Praise our God. God's gift to man is the measure of his love. The death of Christ is the measure of his love. Now think about the measure of God's love. Almighty God who didn't have to do it come down and took on another form. Man, he paid the price. God himself. There's the love of God. Think about it friends. God himself paying the price. then condescending to send the Holy Spirit himself to transform us into nothing into sons and daughters of God. Amen. And to work in our lives the measure of the spirit of the love of the spirit to man. Working in our lives justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost to clean out Satan. Amen. I let it sink into you. Satan, he's unbelief. Baptism purges him with fire, burns him out. That little seed lays out there on the floor at the altar like he said. Amen. He knows ain't enough devils in hell to tell him he wasn't born again. By another spirit, there's something in him beating in there. The seat of God is in there. Hallelujah. Hitting that sh But it ain't the full seed life yet. That's to come in the fourth stage. So sayeth the prophet, the message which Doug tells with the word. Amen. Bring the word and the message together. And then man today would go around teaching, taking away the third step, bring you back to a second step. I'm preaching this morning when the love of God, the seed of me, boils over to think man would take his filthy hands and put it on the word of God in the end time after the prophet's gone. Sneaky. Wait till he's gone and then come out try to begile the sheep begotten to God. What is he going to do to them? Then people go into that presence in there. It's all right. Well, they looking for the fullness. They are. Huh? Devils anointed with a wrong teaching. So sly, so slick. Eve got on that ground. That's it. Don't you get on the ground. Don't even fellowship with them. Amen. Telling you the word of God. Avoid them, said Paul. Amen. Yet they go and let them in their homes and fellowship with them. Go there, come back. What spirit is doing it in you? The love of God. Do you love God for the word? What he did for you? you a fellowship with the serpent. That's what it says. That's the word of God. Praise our God. Amen. We who are called to be his bride have experienced the measure of the love of God. They don't know what it is, but we know what it is. God is working in our lives. Not because we are circumcised or uncircumcised. Because he loves us. Not because we could do or or have faith to move all mountains, know all prophecies, have all No. Because he so loved the world. He sent his only begotten son. Praise our God. Yes, sir. So, he's working in our lives because he loves us. May that sink onto you. The creator, the almighty God through almighty meekness condensing sin to come down to these filthy cucker birds. Clean us up. Wash us by the water of the word. The blood, the bleeding word. Hallelujah. Dripping bleeding word. Wash our sins away. Amen. Thank we are justified now. We are blameless now. Right now, we can come boldly to the throne of grace. Oh, praise God. And when we get there, God is willing. He is more willing than what we think he is. The scripture saith Ephesians 3:20 that God is able to do abundantly above all that we can even think of. Hallelujah. That we can even dream up. Amen. Amen. He'll do it by his love above that. All that you can ask for. All that you can ask for. He will do super abundantly for a super church with super love with the super word. With super faith. Praise our God. He knows what you need. Amen. David had understanding of it. He desired a drink of water. Praise God. Amen. His type of Christ, his servants cut their way through 15 miles of Philistines to get him some water. When he got back, he wasn't worthy. Poured it on the ground, drink off into God. We are not worthy for nothing. Amen. We are not worthy. My desire, God, your desire. Your will be done, not my will. I had a will here to take a vacation. God, he put up a roadblock. I remembered the word. So, I took heed to the roadblock because soon he would have a jackass speak to me. Lord, praise God. I caught it the first time by his grace. So, I stayed put to and I know it was a love of God. That's what he wanted and that's where I wanted to be at in his will. Amen. Praise God. I could be in his permissive will and get blessed. Sure. Bum was and the rest of them were. But he wants somebody who was in that perfect will. That that his uh uh desire is their command. Amen. Command. He said, "If you love me, keep my commandments. Keep my sayings. Keep my word." Amen. Amen. Then when you've done it for a while, we'll take up our bone and manifest ourel to you. The seed that's in you that you have the the love in in minor form, but you know it's there. You get mad sometime. See, you confess, but something in you makes you go back and repent. I'm sorry, brother. Sorry, sister. That's God in there. The seed form. But there's coming a day when that love will blanket you. The outer god bind it all together. Like you saw the prophet, you saw love walking. Amen. Amen. You saw love walking on two feet. Charity come down. He put it on. We're growing into it. Amen. Praise our God. God is working in our lives. If I stop preaching now because he loves us, not because he's supposed to, not because we were good or we were righteous, there was none righteous. All had on filthy rags. All like sheep had gone astray. Amen. But with tender love, with his rod, the word, he brings you back into the way. You are already sheep. You just didn't become a sheep now. You were sheep before the foundation of the world. To prove it, you heard the shepherd's voice and you came into the fold. Praise our God. He said, "If you love me," say, "If you love me, keep my word, keep my commandments, then all that we could ever do for God must come by love." That's what I'm trying to get you to see this morning. Then if it's obedience, it won't be because I told you to obey. Is that because you can't wait to obey for the love of God? You're just pulsating. Yes, father. This morning, what is your worry? What shall I do? What is your com? What is your desire? Is my command? That's the bride. She's waiting this morning to hear the word of God. To obey full obedience. She don't have to be herded into like goats. See, she just loving in her heart welled up in there to obey the word of God. Amen. Praise God. Then all that we can do for God, it must not be because brother Hun and I asked you to do it. Hope you get that. Don't sit here now because you say because we your pastor. Sit here I mean be righteous. sit here because you believe we preaching the truth and you love the brethren, the sisters. That's why you sit here. But don't sit here because there's because no place to go. There's plenty of places to go. Faith workketh by love. On the token message, it says full obedience to the whole word of God will entitle you to the token. Full obedience, not part of it as far as your denomination goes, but all of it. Full obedience to the word, which is Christ, brings you into Christ. He's love. So, you walk right into the love of God in the end time here. We're walking right into it. We're in it. The ark come down. And in the ark was a testimony. Inside was the the person of the son of man. He was in the ark standing outside Leosa. Come out. Come out. Come out. When you got in there, it was love. Cuz you realize you see the these people out here going insane. Is that right? Insane in the natural. In the church, their spirits are going insane also. The mind, their conscience is sealed with a hot iron. The Pentecostals and so forth don't even know because right from wrong. That right type see natural spiritual then you realize that he clothe you in your right mind by putting on the new man. Amen. Put on the new man. Put on the garment. Put it on. That's another person. Amen. Paul told us that everything we'll do outside of this love will fail. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let us take care now. Can I read it to you? What he said? Everything you could do. Praise our God. Outside of the love in your heart for God, it means nothing. For he said, "Though I speak with the tongues of men and angels and have not charity, I am become sounding brass." Amen. Or a tingling symbol. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all seven seal mysteries, come on now. Though I understand all mysteries. Well, who unveiled the mysteries? The prophet of God. And there's those in the message now understand all the mysteries. Know all about the pope and all these things here. The future home and the brine serpent. All the mysteries. Amen. That don't mean nothing. They can have 1,033 tapes because I think it's supposed to be about that memory. That still doesn't mean anything without charity, without being rooted, grounded in the love of God. Hallelujah. Paul Peter said, "Loving one another fervently." Perfectly. Amen. Being born again by not by corruptible, incorruptible seed. What is the seed word of God? When is it in you? In the third stage, the shock stage, not the fourth, the fourth, the whole thing is is the word. Amen. Watch it. The outside body becomes the word because the word lives in the flesh. Amen. Amen. Don't let it pass over your head now. Amen. In the shock stage, the seed is way a little small like way in the heart. That's now. But see, it's growing out. The the word is taking over the whole body. The body, the flesh is becoming the word. Walking in love. The bells around the outer garment playing a sweet melody in love. Amen. Are bathed down with perfume of the rose of Sharon and lily of the valley. Yes, my lord. Walking in love and the bells of flame. Praise God. The German thumb is lit up all over. The devil flies against it. Cuts out. He sees it sparkling there. where on your breast, the breast is beating out the love of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. So he says, "And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and though I have all faith, see all faith, so that I could remove mountains and have not charity, I am nothing. Though I give my goods to the poor, though I give my body to be burned and have not charity, it profits me nothing." Now watch faith. faith. There's a gift of faith. Amen. And then there's faith through receive. Amen. Amen. Let it sink into you. We see a lot of bulldozers out there. Glory to God. Jesus name with faith out there doing all kind of things out there. It's a gift of faith, gifts, and calling of God's will and repentance. So right now, there's plenty of people right now say, "Well, ain't nobody got nothing now because I don't see no signs of wonders and miracles. I don't see the powers of God moving. I don't see that faith. Well, you could have that and still be lost. But if he planted because of love a seed in your heart a seed of love in there, that seed of love is right now growing, ripening, maturing into uh Galatians 5:22. And in the fruit of the spirit is faith. So the little person sitting down here will know and they want to have faith too cuz it's a fruit of the spirit. The man may stand up there with a gift of faith to preach to you on like but you got a seed growing in you that's going to produce faith and that'll be your rapture faith. You going to have it and can't nobody take it away from you. It can't no false devil come up to you with some kind of crazy doctrine. Look at here brother. Get away from me cuz you serpent you. See, that's right. Cuz you will you'll know. He which is perfect has come. You'll know all things. You know now. See, and you're going right on into it. Knowledge is coming in every day. You see? But there's still some thunders hanging out there that he's going to reveal to you. He's going to do it. Amen. See, so now we see then that faith cometh by hearing. Luther, Wesley, they heard faith come by hearing. They were saved. Amen. See, and faith is also planted though. But now you cannot get this rapturing faith unless that is planted there by a seed. Holy Spirit is seed. And the spirit of God must bring that fruit of the spirit. The faith of the spirit. The spirit of God must do it in se must be in seed form to do it with. You can have a gift and don't have it in there. That'll pass away. Amen. See, Paul said so. You can have such a faith because could it could move a mountain but if they ain't grounded in love amen pass away don't mean a thing. Amen. So we see then that love is the soil which we must grow in speaking the truth in love. In love grow up unto him in love. Speaking the truth living the truth because one to another. For God is able. I think here can Ephesians over here it says 3:20. Now unto him that's able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the power that workketh in us. Now he can only do all these things according to what's in you. The power that is working in you. But many would come in the last days denying the power from such turn away the power the revelation in you as to who Jesus Christ is who is the prophet and all these things that power is there that power strengthens you when the revelation comes but they don't have the revelation there it is so if they don't have it you down there you surely can't have it if I haven't got it we heard that before you get what I mean now if me with all my great ministry and all these things if I don't understand it how in the world can you understand? I'm the one that's called and also ordained with a great ministry. You know what I'm talking about? How can they understand anything there? Well, and God's able of these stones to raise children under Abraham. Is that right? Amen. He told the church today, he said, "The South is mixed up on the seed of the serpent." They thought about it. They didn't know what he said. He ain't talking about the South Natural down there cuz they're not even saved. Who listened to his message? You find out who he talking to. So they all waiting. Where his message at? Who got the notes? So we can see. Praise the Lord. Now, what is this power that Paul says is working in us? That's God's love in seed form. And the word is a seed. And the word is part of God. Therefore, there's a part of God in you in seed form. Amen. That right. Well, that that word in there is power. All it needs is some water. Amen. Amen. It'll begin to work. It'll begin to bring forth what he said it'll do. He planted it. I the Lord planted. I the Lord shall water it. It'll bring forth. Praise God. Now, a couple of scriptures you want if you want to write it down. Ephesians 4:24. I just want to lay a background here and then finish up. and that you put on the new man, if you want to write it down, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. So if you want to see a person who's doing righteousness and also holiness, well, there's a new creation in them. See that is because uh because created after holiness and so forth and righteousness also Colossians 3:10 if you want to write it down and have put on the new man which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him. So this new man the seed in your little seed like this here is renewed day by day. And so Paul said, "I travail in birth again because in labor that Christ might be formed in you." So God's prophet brings on birth pains. Amen. That's what he said. A prophet brings on birth pains. So therefore, he's laboring that Christ will be formed in you, bringing forth the seed word coming into your spiritual wounds. And then Christ is being formed. That seed is growing through the shock body. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise God. So this new man is another nature, another person, a new man, a new creation. Peter says, being born again by the word of God, the seed of God. Amen. Then our faith will work by the love of God that he shed abroad in our hearts. He put a love in there for the word. You follow me now? By the Holy Spirit. And the Holy Spirit in your heart loves God, the word. And it it wants to do all that it can for the love of God is in the heart. So therefore, it has faith because it loves the word. It has faith because it loves his loves the tapes. Love it. It don't want to break nothing. Don't want to be seen nowhere with anybody who's funny there to pray for them. And if they have to run into them, well, praise the Lord. Stay talk around long enough and then just move away. See, but you don't want to stand around there cuz unbelief and unbelief kills you. You go home, you feel funny the next day. You know what I'm talking about. If you ever been in somebody unbelief and you fellowship there, the next day you got a headache and everything else. Praise the Lord. Abraham uh uh uh uh James wrote that uh works without faith is dead. So therefore, Abraham worked his faith by his love for God because Abraham loved God more than Isaac. Is that right? Because he loved God, he gave up Isaac, but he had a revelation. Didn't matter if he killed him coming back again anyway. It's all right. So no matter what we do, we go to death. That's why Peter wanted to be because med upside down. He raised in the last days. Wanted to identify himself with Jesus on the cross. Paul and all of them. Paul was bound to it. Couldn't keep him away from it. Amen. My course is finished. He says, "Crown's laid up for me. He's on his way to it." So he knew. See, there's something in the heart that's pulsating in there and can't nobody stop him. So therefore, Abraham's faith worked by the by the love of God in his heart. He loved God. See? So therefore, what about us and also our desires? What should it be? We don't have to come here because we're supposed to come here, but we come here because we love God. Amen. We love the brethren. We want to be together. And we can't make nobody do anything for anybody. I'm so happy to see these people in here to to see y'all going around to the sick, the old ones, and so forth. that makes us feel wonderful because we know that we swed that seed and many before say well so and so don't visit me and but we can't do anything about it we got to wait on God until the love of God gets in that person's heart amen for that they themselves will go out for the love of God in their heart for the brethren sisters then is it's not brother hunt brother Coleman tell them you get over to so and so's house and you can you go over there and you go over there and somebody come well they didn't come to see Well, okay. Just call up a minute and we get because they're going to see you. See amen now. The people here, there's people in here. God sees that. Amen. God sees that. Going to these ones here. God sees everything. Your labor of love. That's what Paul said. Ain't that right? Work of faith and a labor of love. And God's writing it all down in a book. Amen. What is it? Gold, silver, precious stone laying on the foundation of love. Hallelujah. building up to the statue of a perfect man the love of God. It's your love for these people here one for the other. Paul appears said do that. Paul said put on that love. Put it on. So now work of live. That was living faith that they had there. And a living faith is fruit. You see it. Amen. Praise God. You love him. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. How are we strengthened? by his spirit in the inner man. See with me now the spirit of truth, the Holy Spirit. People that can't understand that many are confused about the message. Well, Ephesians 3:20, according to the power working in us, according to the power us, God is able to mold sons and daughters into God. Now, how does he do it? God does it by the spirit of his word. He plants his seed, throws his spirit upon it, and brings forth the product. Brings it forth. See, his holy spirit transforms the seed word to be vindicated of its kind. Now whatever kind of seed is in the heart the Holy Spirit was to come later rain and throw upon it in the same field weeds and tears and chaff and wheat and whatever's in the heart that's the only thing that can come out on the outside. So therefore the life in the seed meets the life of the spirit. But if the life in the seed is love in seed form and when it meets this full token, amen, full token life that has come down here now to apply it, you apply that to what's in the heart, then it'll transform it into a son and daughter of God. You won't have to ask a sister to accept you because stop cutting the hair and all these things here. The love of God, brother. Amen. It'll be the inner man in her heart is beating in there. She want to please her Lord. Amen. You won't have to ask them to lower their addresses down. Anything like I said, they'll do it for the love of God. You won't have to ask the brethren to be real brothers one another. They'll do it for the love of God. That's a real church. That's what a God's prophet wife said she that because she sees up here has the best spirit. She says in the whole message what she said prophet one. What she said. See, and so we praise God, but because not us, but I'm happy to be associated with you. I'm happy to unite faith with faith and stand in this rot gut city here as a testimony. Amen. I stood here for the love of God in my heart. I wouldn't move nowhere. They can go to the east, they can go to the west, they can go to the south, go to the north, but the love of God constrains me to hold on. He says, "I got to work for you a little while longer there. Hold still down there." Amen. Praise the Lord. So we'll hold still. The Philistines is ravaging the people up and down the byways. Amen. But we got faith. Amen. We got our ox code. Amen. And by faith, we have beat them off of the byways and the highways. Amen. Calling Jesus on the scene. Amen. He's there. Remember, he was right there in the boat. They had to ask for him, though. Amen. Ask for Jesus and he'll come on the scene. Amen. He was back there taking a nap. He's right here right now. Amen. His presence is over us right now. Is in us, moving through, brooding up over us, bringing us forth. Why? His love for his people. So the Holy Spirit transforms the life in your heart into a seed of God. Seed itself. See, they can only get that there. The seed word grain itself. We were shocked when we come out of Leodysa. But now the grains opening up and you begin to see that it's the whole grain. That grain itself is you. The grain itself. Amen. Praise God. I'mma prove it to you. Have a little something right here in closing. Praise the Lord. So now, Holy Spirit transforms a seed that's on the inside of it. No matter what kind, he will transform it. So God threw a seed or attribute of his word. There's only one thing that can quicken the word that is the Holy Spirit. Nothing else won't do it. See now it is the lifegiver to the word. And when the life in the sea meets the life in the word then you see something happen spontaneous because combustion. Amen. Now the spirit rain gives life to the weed to tear to shuck all of it. See? So God took before he could get the real green life out into the harvest, he took it through three steps, three stages, three processes. The world passed through three same steps. A woman passes through three, bringeth forth life. The wheat goes through three. And we going to come through three. But yet there are men around this area and across the country who says no, you're not going to come through three because you're in the second one right now. They took you out of the third one and put you back in the second one because you got sanctification now and you have the spirit in the measure and you're waiting for the fullness. That ain't what God's prophet said. Sure ain't. So therefore, I have something here to read for you. Uh future home and the bride. This is after 63. So I said, "Well, that was before, you know, because you don't understand it's the word now." Well, we say we have we'll see what he said about the word now. After 63, let me see page 17. Do you love them? Prove all things. Amen. By the message dovetailing with the word. See, uh this is I'm reading from page 17 now. Uh well, uh I pick it up here. He says um um and now and notice just exactly how that comes. No, a man can repent of sin. He's still thinking of well maybe he's a because immoral man every immoral looking woman he finds is still there. Maybe he's a drunken every time he smells a drink is still there. See, but then he gets sanctified that cleanses that desire out of him. See, it takes the want of it away. He can still be tempted, but it takes the want of it away. Still, he's not right yet. Then he is baptized with the Holy Ghost and fire. This was in 64. Cleansed, burnt out, cleaned up, and then put into service of God. Sanctification only sets aside for service. And notice just exactly how that comes. The message is coming. Luther justification, westerly sanctification, Pentecostals, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The messages. That's so where there can't be no more ages of it. See, we at the end time, three stages. Baptism cleanses the heart with the Holy Ghost. How striking. Now he takes the place where we are to dwell in through the same process. He's called the church through justification. Called it through sanctification. Then filled it with the Holy Ghost and fire. And he took himself through a process. He himself the Holy Spirit. They can't get that. He himself is the Holy Spirit, the love. But he baptized your heart with his spirit to burn it out that he could come down. was in seed form in there. Then he comes down with the word. Then that seed in there takes on the word. Takes on the word. He as himself. A man's word. He is as good as his word. So what is G? He sends his word down by only one person. A prophet. He says, "I want you." And the prophet speaks it out. That's his word. Then he himself comes down and manifests himself to you personally. He said he would do it. Well, he said here. Amen. Praise the Lord. his own very life, self, signs, wonders, powers, he'll do it himself in season. Amen. See, so now um page 23 um yes, Satan was will be taken from the earth just exactly like Satan was taken from you now. Amen. Let it sink in now. Satan will be taken from the earth just exactly like Satan was taken from you. Satan cannot bother. He can tempt but he cannot get a born again Christian for God from the foundation of the world foresaw and sent Jesus to redeem him. And the blood speaks for him. How can he sin when he can't even be seen by God? And today they'll come and tell you that you don't have that. They've said it. Brother told me on the phone you haven't got that. Well, maybe he hasn't got it. But uh I know what I have. Praise the Lord. I'm persuaded. Ain't nobody going to take it away from me either. Amen. Against that day. That's right. And but you see now here is again I just want to say to you saints so you understand it. The baptism of fire watch now on it only is to cleanse it. I hope you're getting that now. He sends a baptism of fire to cleanse out the heart to take Satan out. Because sanctification, Satan's still in there. Now, he told you that. But when he says the fire, the dove comes in and a little seed in the third stage. This is what the prophet taught. See, the baptism of fire on it only is to cleanse it and make it a fit place for his meek to live in. See? Oh, like he did us. So therefore, he takes Satan off of the the new millennium kingdom. Takes him away, binds him up, then the meat can live there. As long as he's there because to influence them, but he takes him away. And then everything is righteousness. So then therefore a Christian stumble around, he the elected one, he takes him out of your heart. He can't get in there. He's out. Burned out. Amen. Amen. Praise God. See, before he could could come in, he had to give us the baptism of fire. Then the Holy Ghost come in and live, dwells in there. Let Christ dwell in your heart by faith. Amen. Praise the Lord. Do you love him? Amen. Well, one more. Resurrection of the brat 876. The fourth light is to come that will bring forth the same signs. person told me, "Well, right now, if you have the Holy Ghost, why don't you have the signs?" Well, I'm in the third stage, and I'm growing into the fourth stage. But he said, "The fourth stage is to bring that the fourth stage." Cuz see, the Pentecost with the baptism was the leaves wasn't the fruit yet. And the fruit up on the top of the tree. And it shall be light about the evening time to ripen the top of the tree with the fruit in the top. It's four stages. And they all gummed up. They're trying to figure the early church with this church and they can't they can't get it. And they want signs and wonders America. I'm going to show you by this here why you cannot have it right now. It's against God's nature to have it right now. How can you have it when the full life is not there yet? The full nature is not there yet. How you going to have it? But they want anyway and they blast anybody who's saved because they got the Holy Ghost. See? Okay. Watch. Justification brought back the pop. Sanctification brought back the bar. Doctrine of holiness. What brought back the leaf? Pentecostal. What is the Pentecostal leaves? Because clap the hands. Joy, rejoicing. Pentecostal. What? The fourth was the word itself. The word made flesh. Fruits of the fruits of the resurrection sign that Christ has finally after justification been planted, sanctification been planted, baptism of Holy Ghost, organizations died out. See Galatosa Christ has again centered himself like the cap on the earth. The capstone has come down love. I hope you get that. And you walking into the baptism of the Holy Ghost and in there is all the mechanics of what he really is. Take a car because take it apart. While the prophet has taken apart the word for you to let you see every part of the Holy Ghost. It'll do this. Amen. It'll do that. It just won't shout and speak in tongue. It'll do everything else. Amen. Love and peace and joy, everything from Genesis all the way through Revelation. So, the master mechanic, the prophet has taken apart the Holy Ghost to show you what it really is. That's what he's done. The mechanics of it, that's all you're seeing right now. You follow me, friends? First line, justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost, then coming of the camp. What is it? That holy ghost bunch, prophet's words, don't don't take away from it now. Holy Ghost bunch being honed out by what? Virtue, patience, honing it out. Temperance. Who is it? Stones is being cut. Glory to God. The stones is being cut here in New York, Puerto Rico, Europe, Africa by what? Holy Spirit tutor. The word, the message honing out that bunch. See, because at the top each stone must fit for the Cathol to just to blend right in into each other. Same ministry, same sign, same power. Not now then when divine love caps it off. See, but they all gummed up there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Wait a sign. What is the miracles? Well, St. John 6:14 said they followed him for the miracles. But the woman at the well followed him. She said, "Come see a man who told me all things." Amen. Amen. See the different spirit. There two spirits right there. One spirit is working right now for signs, wonders, and miracles. Glory to God. And we got love here. We love everybody. How you have love without the spirit. You said because you were sanctified without the spirit. Satan's still in the heart. Get in the word. Satan is still in the heart and they claim to have love. How can you? When love is in seed for working through a bride now and vindicating it. Everybody knows about it. Not me. You prophets white says so. Some different ones. They all give testimony to it, but they curse it. So, no, we got it here. Well, praise the Lord. What is it? The Holy Ghost brunch me home. I love the I love God's word. Amen. Praise God. Feel good now. Amen. I'm trying to explain to you God so loved us. Therefore, I love God. I'm going to keep his commandments. Keep his sayings. He spoke it through a prophet's mouth. Hallelujah. This is not God's because prophet's words is his words. His sayings, his commandments, the shout message. And this is in 64 that I'm reading here from 162. relevant because 64 see being horn now the Holy Ghost bunch being honest that he had when he went away then when he comes it'll catch the whole thing in the rapture when they are justified sanctified in baptism of the Holy Ghost that peril will stand again the house of God will live again it doesn't live now when the sne's coming on to it lives when when the wind comes up on it don't forget that Now the sign knew in the flesh coming on now. Amen. It's adding now. But he going to say prophesy when speak to the wind. Tell it and it'll blow up on it. And you'll see the things you're looking for. You'll see this Jesus living in you. You'll see living faith. Amen. Living fruits living. You seen it now day by day right here in your midst. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, about 5 minutes more. Amen. You tired? No. Youary? No. Well, okay. I can because cut it off here. We don't understand about natural birth, the earth, the prophet. He preached it. You just read the book. See, spiritual birth. Amen. Okay. Now, because remember the fourth light, I will restore sayith the Lord in the fourth stage. Not the morning of the third day when life appears, baptism, Holy Ghost, but at the end when the signs come. See this when he walks in when they finally get together after all the rumors up and down the whole day. Amen. And they got together in the evening time and Thomas wasn't there either and they was together and they was on one accord in there and he walked through the wall. He slipped in there and spoke to them and then he talked to them and the thing that he did because he honed them out. The living resurrected word opened their understanding to the scriptures. Is that right? Showed mighty committing because infallible proofs to them. So because he dried them out, he added to them many things on the scriptures. Then for about 10 days they just dried right out. Then he sent down his spirits. Amen. They were just completely dry. But the thing about it, he himself told them to go to that place. So they was in one place cuz he told them to go there. They was on one accord cuz he told them all that I'll send you the Holy Ghost. I'll baptize you with fire. Amen. So brother, their hearts were still waiting for that. Are you waiting for brother? Amen. Glory to God. They was right there every day. There wasn't nobody peeping around in prayer. They all was praying out fervently. There was nobody. You can feel a spirit when you praying to God and somebody is listening. It happened to me all the time before here. A brother came to me. He says, "Brother, you were praying in your prayer about brother so and so." I said, "What?" He said, "You know what? How I know about him? What happened to him?" I couldn't believe it. This brother walked up to me. We had a prayer meeting now about six years ago. And I'm praying out for this brother in different ones. The brother asked me, "What is wrong with him?" I thought if he was praying, praise the Lord, he wouldn't be hearing me. Amen. So, I'm only trying to show you they was on one accord. They had love. They had a desire in there. They wanted that baptism of fire. And therefore, they ain't seen nobody. Amen. Praise God. Therefore, God said he'll get a bride into one place, Christ. Amen. And they'll be on one accord, every word. They won't break a word. No. That way, one could be in Europe, one can be in Africa on one accord by the revelation of Jesus Christ. And he don't have to pick no certain time. He can come down in and come up on those who are in one accord on the word, dotting every word. Amen. Amen. Amen. All across the world. No funny doctrine. Amen. But they in one place, Christ. Amen. On one accord with the word. Amen. That's why he sent the word back because every man was a lawyer to his own self because they can lay our see an age. I'm apostle. I'm a prophet. I'm so and so and so. Is that right? But he sent a prophet with the word to get us back on one accord. Those who are elected and they are right now being dried out. Amen. Praise the Lord. The original life is the word. See now that life that was in the because in closing in the blade talent husk comes out of it. The lettering brings it out. Then when it comes out, where's it going? Got to go somewhere. It goes into the grain. And the grain, the word is on the earth, a message, and it walks right into it. So therefore, part of the full life was in Luther Wesley Pentecostals. Part of that life was in there. And that part of eternal life, Paul prayed for you that you would get the fullness of it. But you got to walk into the word first cuz he can only move by his word and his spirit. And you got to apprehend it for yourself. When the angel came because came to Mary and told her that God loves you, Mary, you're highly faithful. Me? Yes, sir. Just like you. But she couldn't believe it. So therefore, she knew about Isaiah 9:6. Now she knew all about it. But when that spark of faith cuz it was told her you she applied that word to her life. When she surrendered her will to God and applied it to herself. Then the Holy Spirit that was right there brewed over created God in her womb right there. The same prophetic message spoken by an angel Gabriel. We had a prophetic message. the life come out of the ark up in heaven come down to told us that you're going to have the same fullness of God. Amen. So surrender to it and then the Holy Spirit is right now I can prove it rooting over you bringing forth this life as a because when I read this to you. Amen. So now in closing justification made a way for sanctification. Sanctification made a way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the baptism made a way for the Holy Ghost. Christ himself, love, charity, Rosa, Sharon, whatever you want to call him, come down and get into that word, all the word, and then bring it and manifest himself in the fourth stage, signs following it. See it now, friends. Praise the Lord.
