################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-04-03 - Fountain of Life - Joseph Coleman April.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-04-03
Title:   Fountain of Life
Speaker: Joseph Coleman April
Church:  Coleman Family Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVM-RVO0Lrc
========================================

Description:
Bro. Joseph Coleman
April 13, 1969
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Well, praise the Lord. So, we want to turn to the word of God now. Um, let us turn to p um St. John the 1 chapter. I want to read from St. John the 1st chapter uh verse 1-13. And Psalms 36:9. Well, it certainly feels fine to be here this morning. Amen. and to fellowship around the word of God and knowing that we're in this tremendous time of looking for something to happen. It's going to happen because it has been spoken. Amen. And this is the season. The Lord has shown us all different things and we're certainly happy that he has anointed our eyes to see and to understand these things. St. John the first chapter. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. In him was life and the life was the light of man. and the light shineth in darkness, and the dark darkness comprehended not. There was a man sent from God, whose name was John. The same came for a witness to bear witness of the light, that all men through him might believe. He was not that light, but was sent to bear witness of that light. That was the true light which lightth every man that cometh into the world. He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not. He came unto his own, and his own received him not. But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born not of blood, nor of the will of flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. Psalm 36 9 for with thee is the fountain of life. In thy light shall we see light. May your Lord blessing through the reading of his word. Father give us a title. I like to title it fountain of life. For we see plainly that the word of God tells us here in Psalm 36 that the psalmist is saying that for with thee is the fountain of life. In thy light shall we see light. Then light life and light go together. [Music] Life is light and death is darkness. Here we learn that God is the source of all life and light. There are no exceptions to the rule for God is the source. I don't care what man says. He's trying to be the source himself. And with these artificial heart transplants and so forth, trying to bring out the a gene, the seeds to bring life. But God is the source of all life because he only perverts it. And Genesis 1 says, "In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth, and the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep, and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. And so we see then that God is light and he is life. And all of existence, see, owes his origin to God. Amen. That's what he said here. See, he says right here, all things were made by him, and without him was not anything made that was made. Amen. In him was life, and the life, the life was the light of men. Now, John the Baptist was a light, but he was not that light, for he only came to bear witness of the great light. Amen. So, and right on down, all his prophets, messengers, sons and daughters of God, we are all the rest of of God's children. We're not that great light, but we are here to bear witness of the light for our age, this age here. Amen. Now, we were speaking last Sunday about faith and dropped in a little thing about faith. Faith is designed to see what God wills and wants. There is no knowledge that can do that. Faith alone is designed to give to the human race to find out what the will of God is. God himself designed faith in such a way that he would give faith to the sons and daughters of God. See, and and with this faith, they would know his will. They would know what he want. They would know his purpose. They would know who they are and what they're supposed to do. Now, this faith is a seed. And the seed is the word of God. See, then the seed is the word. The word is life and life is light. Amen. Amen. Just simple. See, and and in the restored back faith that Malachi 4 restored back was life. Amen. And that life is light. See? And and and then therefore we who were in darkness in Leosa are great light. The same one that was in human skin up on the earth. Amen. That same light moved in another portion of earth called William Brandham. It was hid there. It was life logos, the the great anointing. Oh yeah. And when it it it it it opened up the word of God for the age. See, it opened all the word. And it opened all the word. The seven seals with the seven thunders. It didn't add anything. It pointed back to the great light that walked on the earth before. It pointed right straight back. And it pointed right straight back. It was restoring back the great light that walked this earth and flesh here. See? Point us right back. And then our eyes was anointed with pies. Amen. Amen. To see, to comprehend, to understand. And when soon as it happened, the apostolic faith poured into our hearts to quicken us to us in this age that we are part of that life. Amen. Part of that light, part of that word. So you mean it must be quickened now. See, and and and that we were sent here to confirm that part of the word to live in this age. We're here for that purpose. See, now watch. God has nobody else to use in this end time other than those that are predestinated to be here. Amen. He hasn't got He can't use nobody else cuz he had already committed himself. He's committed himself to you. He's given his message to you. There's nobody else to use here. That's his word. See? So therefore, um, hallelujah. We are his thoughts. We know before he was before he formed himself into the word uh uh because a theophony word body he was just attributes thoughts. Amen. Thoughts is desire. Is that right? Then in his desires he desired to have fellowship with you and me. Amen. That was his desire to have fellowship. and and his desire was that he himself would form himself down to the word, the logos, the spirit that moved across the great earth that was void in darkness. And then coming on down, he would form himself into flesh called Jesus Christ. See amen now. But in the beginning when he spoke the first word, that was the word that was in the beginning. In the beginning, in the beginning, God. See? So therefore his thoughts they are are because eternal immortal then if his thoughts are immortal eternal we are part of his thoughts we are eternal we are because immortal amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. See we was there with him then when in the beginning. Amen. Before there was a beginning. And as a matter of fact, we was there. Then while he was just there, God, his thoughts, desires came into his mind uh his people. Then he be in his thought began to put him into a book of life, the lamb's book of life. That was all life in his mind. Then when he spoke that life, it went into the word, the logos. And then all of that life that would be expressed here was in that word the logos. And all that word had to do was to lay out a portion here, here, and here, right? Each age, they all come from that one logos. Paul, that one word. There's an attribute in your heart, a seed. Amen. Praise the Lord. See, then the book of life came into view in his mind. He saw the whole thing. God, he saw the whole picture. He saw Jesus Christ walking the earth, born in the manger and so forth, walking the earth. He saw Jesus Christ die on the cross before he even spoke. That's right. He saw Christ die. Amen. He saw his people each age washed in his blood. He saw his people redeemed. He saw us call whatever we were doing in sin one day. Whatever it was, he saw us when he called the first time. Yes. He saw us sanctified, justified. Holy Ghost burning out every desire of the world. Amen. And he saw us glorified all in his mind. Before he did anything, he saw that picture. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Then uh these are the thoughts of the logos. You come into the word. Now the word got to express it out here. You and I. Amen. See? Then then that then that it was in God's mind that we should live in this worst of all ages, this age here. We should have to live here. And we should have to live in this city here in New York City. Amen. We are his family, his sons and daughters living in this filthy place. And his grace is with you. Amen. Because he put you here. You could have been born in Arizona somewhere, anywhere in this world, but you had to be here at this time. See, now he has nobody else to do nothing here for him but his sons and daughters because Isaiah 9:6 says the government is upon his shoulders. See, and the shoulders is his earthly strength. Is that right? That his earthly strength is his body. See? And God's earth is his body is his words. The logos made flesh in his body here on earth. See now then bring it to pass. Then God had to use a physical body to pour the word into and anoint that body to bring to pass the light for this age which is life. It's like God dwelling place was in the heavens and the hour to come he stretched his tent down to the earth. Amen. He stretched his dwelling place. His tent a pavilion tabernacle stretched it down here to the earth. And in that tent is perfection, love, holiness, understanding. Oh yeah. Are you following me? Spoken word. It's all in there. And and when he stretches down with the fullness is here on the earth. Now there's God walking in there. That's his dwelling place there. His people, his earthly strength here, his body. See? Now, so therefore, um we finding that this word is a lamb. The nature of it is a lamb. See, lamblike, meek, and humble. And then when he sends his spirit upon it is love. And then this love meets this humble nature, this lamb, that's his people. See? So what is it? God in the last days anointing his body with love, the dove. See, now we know like we said first it was a spirit. See, and that was thoughts, attributes, the great turn on. Then he fall himself into a theophony. See now uh this theophony Abraham met him mazesc God and Morphe chain yourself into that. See Abraham met him after the battle. Amen. You got to have the battle first. Abraham who was separated and called out Lot who who was his brother who had already made up his own mind that he couldn't overcome went back into the world. Abraham come down with servants of his house and freed Lot and he had tremendous battle when after the battle Melzdc gave of himself. When the battle's over, we partake of Melzdc's being when the battle's over. We shall wear a crown. Amen. It's a battle, friends. this same uh theophony. Moses had seen the burning bush and Moses wanted to see God. We want to see him. We want to see his face. Amen. And and he took Moses up in the mouth and the glory of God covered Moses. Amen. And then God took his hand away from Moses' eye and let him see his back. It was the back of a man, a Theophony. A man. This man is a person. And this person was the word and knew all things. Amen. Amen. But then it it come into flesh Jesus Christ. It then it was the express image of God for the word is God in the beginning was the word and put that word into flesh called Jesus Christ and there he expressed God. Now we couldn't do that. See though we were because of the attribute we had to bypass that mchzdic type worried body and come here in the flesh and be tempted and be tested and to be a light to be to produce life in the age that we're living in that we are to confirm his word at the is of God that we come from God and we go back to God and then though we was not all the word cuz we bypassed that word body where you know all things. He in the last days said he would reveal all the word to the sons of God. Amen. That they might know his will that he might pour out all of this apostolic faith into us. For the the mysteries are to be revealed to the sons of God in the last days that they might know their God, that they might do mighty exploits. For they know who God is. Amen. They'll know God. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Jesus Christ was the word before he was flesh. Then in the flesh he died and turned back into that theophony and went down and preached to souls in prison down there. That right? Then he also went knocked on the door of paradise. Amen. There was Abraham and Jacob and Isaac and Isaiah and Enoch and Noah. All of them were in there waiting. They had offered the sacrifice. Job had told him there no doubt that he he stood firm. Though he was tried, though he was tested, he knew in his flesh he would see God. And there was God down there in theophony body saying, "Come on up. I got the keys now to death and hell." Amen. No, he has the keys of death and hell. And he gave the keys of this kingdom to Peter. Amen. But he got the other keys. Can no man put you in hell? That's right. Can't no man put you in heaven with his doctrine. Amen. For he got the way right here. It's laid out here. Amen. And he told me, "Let's go on up. Let you walk around Jerusalem a little bit." Amen. And the council appeared to those there, the bride. Amen. And then going on up. So therefore, we know that that happened. See, but what God did instead of put us in this word body first. See, he let us come here to be tested. Yeah. first. See, that's his plan. And this seed attribute word in us is quickened, made alive, then his body is subject to his word spirit. Yeah. Romans 8:11. Amen. If the spirit of Christ of Christ dwell in you, the spirit that raised up Jesus Christ from there shall quicken your mortal bodies. Amen. And then we then you want to know, do I have the Holy Ghost? Well, it'll be subject to every word. Amen. Found me now. Amen. And so therefore then in this flesh body, we didn't become the word first. We bypassed that. But now we are to be conformed to the image of the word. Amen. Through this partaking of the word and eating the word of God. Amen. So then we are to be formed unto his image. See, now we become the word by faith in his word as we take on the word of God. See, and the word now, the message is turning the seed word into a golden brown. And many don't understand the power of the word. Therefore, second Timothy 4, they deny the power of the word. That's it. They don't understand it. That's the Pentecostal group. They don't they don't know what you're doing now. They don't they don't feel the Holy Spirit. Glory to God. See, therefore they deny the power of the word that made all the worlds that could create and paralyze this world right here. They deny that power that's in this word. When in the beginning, it was the word. And that's the word that's pouring into this bride now. Cuz when the dynamics come, he can only work by that word. Amen. So if you are receiving that you will be in the resurrection that you go in the rapture that you go to the wedding supper when the dynamics fall it'll bring it to pass. Amen. Amen. But receive it first. Cuz that's the power that the fire can find that gunpowder which is the word of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. So we see then that um we are eagles holding on to the word of God. See, and then if you know that somehow you want to leave this world, you don't care nothing about the things here. You have heard from God. You have heard from your theophony over there. Amen. From your word body. Therefore, you are groaning. You're in birth pains. You want to get there. Is that right? Romans 8 says it because we are groaning to get there. The sons of God, the whole cre the whole creation is groaning and moaning, waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. See, now we know that all this was made possible when the seven seals open up and reveal this to us, the word image. And therefore, now watch. See, we are his earthly strength. See, we're trying to get the people to see. Some people are scared. They come in here and they serve God because they're afraid maybe because they have to go to hell. That ain't the idea. I'm trying to show you this morning. See that we are absolutely part of God. Amen. You follow me now. That's all I'm trying to show you this morning. See, see our lives are bound. See, in his bundle of life. That's scripture, you know. Yes, it is. See, which is the fountain of life. If you don't believe me, turn over. Second uh 1 Samuel 25. the 28th verse, we see uh maybe a little question marks running across the audience this morning. 1 Samuel um 25:28. This is Abigail, uh precious sister in the Lord, great prophet, a preacher here, a brother, and a man was after him, Saul. Now, some preachers today wouldn't listen to Abigail, but this was a humble brother. Amen. Amen. So, the spirit of the Lord fell upon Abigail. See, and she said, "I pray thee, forgive the trespass of thine handmmaid, for the Lord will certainly make my Lord a sure house, because my Lord fightth the battles of the Lord, and evil hath not been found in thee all thy ways days. Yet a man is risen to pursue thee, and to seek thy soul, but the soul of my Lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with the Lord thy God. And the souls of thine enemy uh them shall he sling out as out of the middle of a sling. So we see then that our souls is this attribute, you follow me, his thought that is in that logos word, that logos word is a bundle of life. Amen. Is a fountain of life and your soul is bound in there. And so therefore, God has so bound himself in his people, his people in him that they are one. There's no way to get out. He has tithed not for eternity. See, praise the Lord. See now uh uh because in the natural like uh uh um Jacob and Benjamin, you know the story down in Genesis down there when they went down to Joseph and he was trying to get him come because to come back down and so forth and he wanted to send down Benjamin, Jacob would have died because his soul was bound up in Benjamin's soul. His life was in there. See, that's only natural. Well, how much more if God has bound our souls in this word locals, this bundle of life? There's no way to get out. Oh, I hope you see that, friends. See, and so therefore, you see your calling. He said, "Oh, because in Colossians, Christ who is our life when he appears, see, we shall appear with him in glory." That's it. Amen. Are you following me, friends? God. Well, he has appeared. Well, how do you know? He's not a blade. He I mean he's I mean he's not a tassel. I hope you see it. He's not a shark. He's a corner wheat. Well, Christ has appeared. And because we are so our souls are bound in the bundle of life. In this fountain of life, we are right this morning appearing with him in glory. For this seed is one glory of the Lord. The shuck is another. But this is the same kind of body he has. Amen. This is the same word that he's pouring into you that's pointing back to the apostolic one. You follow me, friends? And and you're going to have the same body. Amen. See, and you're going to do the same signs. You're going to have the same spoken word for his voice is coming down into the bride. Amen. And when she just comes like that, it's just him. It's just it's the head with the shoulders, the earthly strength coming together. Amen. Listen, God can do nothing without you. Amen. So release your son and stop being scared. Went through the wrong. No, he is with you. He has bound your soul. Stop being afraid every day to take a step. God says, "Walk by faith. I'm with you. I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you, but just keep walking. You know I called you. You know I washed you in my blood. What's wrong with you? Release yourself and walk on with God. Never mind yesterday. Don't look back in the mud like the Louis there. Amen. Look on with God cuz God has brought this is a glory of God sitting here. The outsiders eyes is blinded to it. They don't see the glory of God. God does so much so that he's protecting it. He's nourishing it. He's bringing along. He's ripening it and maturing it. Praise be to God. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. It's going on now. He not a sher. Praise God. You believe that, friends? Believe us that. Amen. We are his body, his earthly strength. Amen. Amen. Notice now Christ has so bound us eternally with him. Now look, no if a man is speaking about he wouldn't say because my hand is near or far. My hand is part of me. That's right. Is that right? Well, he not way up there. He's right here. His body here. You on the earth. He's not near or far. It's him himself. Amen. Praise God. You see it, friends. Amen. Amen. See, it cannot be otherwise. For we are his body. People are scared. Will I make it? Will I just get there? See me now. No. Your soul like Abigail like she told David. See me now. God saw you before the foundation world David and he found no evil in you. Now we know all the mistakes he made. But he want to see it that believe that word. Amen. No matter how many Pentecostal Sauls ran after him. You follow me now? That was anointed with an evil spirit from the Lord. So don't curse that. Let because Shimai alone. Let him kick dirt up on you. Amen. God has bid him to do it. For God is uses Shimai and Saul to mold you. Amen. To shape you into the sons of and daughter of the living God. All things work together for good to them that love God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Our souls are bound. Bound. Paul said he was bound in the spirit to go to Jerusalem. Is that right? Paul always desire everything was to please God. When God can get a group like that here down here, that who really believes that brother, you watch those dynamics pour down through there. Yes sir. Is grafted in wild olive branch grafted in one, not two, one. Amen. See, we had to appear as corns of wheat to live out what he predestinated for this age here. We are bone of his bone. Hallelujah. Amen. Flesh of his flesh. Is that right? Body of his body. Just thinking about uh what's his name over there? Ezekiel. I thought I'd just read that there. Ezekiel 37 just to put some more upon it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ezekiel 37:4. Again, he said unto me, "Prophesy upon these bones, and say unto them, oh ye dry bones." Now, he just said, "We are bone of his bone, didn't he?" Amen. Flesh of his flesh. Is that right? Amen. And say unto them, "Oh ye dry bones, hear the word of the Lord. Thus sayeth the Lord God unto these bones, behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live. And I will lace a new upon you, and will bring flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and you shall live. and ye shall know that I am the Lord. So I prophesied and I was commanded and as I prophesied there was a noise and behold a shaking and the bones come together bone to his bones and when I beheld lo the senior in the flesh came upon him and the skin covered them and there was no breath in them therefore it couldn't happen to this day friends this is Israel because we understand that but hi away is the bride a prophet had to come and prophesy to these bones here. His bone laying down here on the earth here. Can these bones live? And this word over here in the thing is where it says noise, it says thundering. Amen. A thundering or shaking. And it had to be go. It's going on right now. And God is doing that. But then notice now, first he had to speak the word first. The mechanics. Is that right? The mechanics had to add the skin on. Had to put it on and make it, you know, put everything back in place. Then can the bones live? prophesy. He did. He said that the dynamics, Amen, shall come into you and this bride shall stand up shall be a mighty great exceeding army and she's going to march. She going to move out one day. Right now, she's receiving strength through the word of God to stand up one day and move out for the Lord. Amen. Amen. So, we see that the dynamics will come to make this body live. See only a prophet could bring the word to make this come to pass. So then we see then that it is uh that it is only through resurrection power that this can come. See me now watch. I don't want to be too long with you. See I want to break through to know who you are. The enemy trying to tell you because you that's not so but it is so. See it's uh now this resurrection power watch lived in the first church. See now I'm speaking about the resurrection power that is to be restored back now not the gift. See that's part of it. See amen now but the full resurrection power that was the word itself in maturity. If you were here Wednesday night you heard him say the the Holy Ghost is powerful service to mature Christians. Finally out they have been raised up adopted and move on up to age and ready to go out for because matured right then now for our type or we use Abraham now Abraham's natural life had to come from God's fountain of life is that right cuz he is the author of natural and spiritual life so therefore here was Abraham 75 years old starting out his wife Sarah 65 is that right starting out we know the story Genesis 12 as he come along justification sanctification because from Lot and so forth and to move right on down is still holding on to this promise see and just like Pentecost 1906 then in Genesis 17 God appeared to him and told him that I am almighty God walk thou before me and be thou perfect amen now that word almighty God means El Shadai and which means the strengthener to give strength the breast because in the Hebrew then God was telling Abraham who was 99 see and Sarah who was 89 at that time that now you held on to the word now I'm going to pour strength in you nurse from my breast and grow up and be strong and be fruitful and in that God purges what's the same thing that happened here to the Pentecost apostle church here 1946 almighty God appeared to his prophet is that right to go out with this gift amen the first pull and and and nurse those Pentecostal babies on the word amen give them the milk word first with a gift nurse them along bring them up to the second pool and then give them the meat see amen now but the thing was can they nurse and they couldn't nurse from El Shadai, the breasted one. Amen. Amen. Don't get scared now. See, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. See, but notice the things that happened. It was at that time when uh he uh was uh uh a circumcision and he was told to walk before the Lord and be perfect. Never told him that back in justification, sanctification, only when he had the type of the Holy Ghost said, "Now walk before me. Now be perfect up now in your perfect faith. You follow me now? And then from that time then shortly Abraham his name was changed. Then Sarah's name was changed and so forth. And then right after that God appeared in human skin. Amen. And said surely I'm going to visit you at the time of life. Well, do you know all those things happened within one year. That's right. Within one year cuz Abraham was 100 years old when the baby was born. See, now watch. In Abraham's body was his natural seed. Is that right? But that seed was dead. Amen. You see what I mean? Now the seed in him was dead. Yet he had the type of the baptism, circumcision. Is that right? He was sanctified. He was justified. And he had faith. For he had walked all those years with faith. About 24 years with faith. But yet that seed was dead inside. Yes. The seed to have to to restore back to that full young natural life. I hope you get this now. Amen. Now, though he had faith, though he had walked and staying not, though his flesh was circumcised, type of the Holy Ghost, still the seed was dead. Amen. In his body. Amen. I'm trying to show you. Amen. So therefore, the Pentecostal church, the body of Christ, the seed inside, the prophet told you way back in the shock was a little tiny bulb. Amen. Just lay in there. Can't do anything yet. And though it had gifts, though it went in the spirit, done all kind of things. See, but the seed was in there. Seed need something else now. Amen. It needed something to strengthen it. Amen. Amen. So Abraham then God turned his body back by resurrection power. Amen. Resurrected his old natural body back to a young life. The bloodstream begin to move again. Amen. You follow me now? See then this bride was she could only though she prophesied though she spake in tongues though she screamed and shouted and all these things that little tiny bulb seed could not grow yet until resurrection power of the word the son of man himself had to come and anoint that seed amen I hope you see that friend and while and that's going on right now and while that seed now and has taken on life is anointed right through right now. See, it's the same power that was here on the day of Pentecost that walked that earth. The power of this word here is now pouring down into that seed. All right. Jesus Christ, he walked the earth healing and so forth, doing good. And there he was. And there was a woman. She had a blood issue for 12 years. That right? But she had an attribute inside. And that attribute said if I can only touch the hem of his garment. Is that right? Something inside her was leading her to touch the hem of that garment. So uh because she had a blood issue, she couldn't do anything because her body was weak. See? So by faith she touched the hymn of the garment and immediately virtue went out and her body was strengthened. All right. Today here we have the Leosian church and here uh so to speak a blood issue. Is that right? In the church couldn't bring nothing. See amen now. And yet uh they saw Jesus Christ since 46 the hymn of his garment the word his gifts walking all over the earth seven times around. Amen. And still nothing happened yet. But then in 1963 that word became flesh and some predestinated Amen. Women saw by faith. They knew they could only touch the hymn of that word. Amen. Just touch it. Then their faith could touch that. Then the first thing happened when you touch the hymn of his garment, virtue was added to faith. Amen. Is that right? Amen. The first thing to pour through is his virtue going into your body to strengthen you, to make you whole. Then virtue come pouring into you. Then that resurrection power of the word, the seed word begin to come and then that begin to take on knowledge and patience and temperance and begin to add. And while all time is adding now, many they don't know what's going on. They're watching and looking and waiting and seeing. But it's going on right now. See? So therefore, our bodies are being changed right now, friends. It's going on spiritually speaking now. Of course, spiritually speaking. See, because our natural bodies have to be changed to receive Isaac in the air, Jesus Christ, of course. See, so therefore, now we look at the spiritual thing here. There it was just about this hour there. There was Abraham in one year all of these things happened. And now we see then that this bundle of life appeared again, the fountain of life. And he had some souls that was bound up in that word. you and I here. Amen. And now uh we know that no matter how many spiritual charges out here, see and there's 200 million million see now they're out here. But yet he had a type a church. He that's in the church here that would be made whole and touch the hem of the garment and she's whole now. And her body is changing to a golden brown. It's all spiritual. Seemen. Amen. See. And therefore Jesus said, "Who touched me?" The bride says, "I touched you." Amen. And but she's but this bride is still holding onto that garment. Just like Jacob. Amen. on. He said, "Until you bless me." Amen. Are you holding on, friends? Well, you hold on until he blessed you. Till he changed your name. Your name is changed to Miss Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. See, and so therefore, virtue immediately went out. Now, we know that there are 200,000,000 spiritual charges here. And I was reading the other day something here and it just struck me. So, I thought I'd just pass it on to you. Um, page 28, he's speaking about this loosing of the ecclesiastical spirit. Now, to for you to understand, he said that the feast of the trumpets that he wasn't going to preach it because it didn't pertain to us here because it pertained to the the Jews. But I notice in that you what he did in there, he went back and told us the revelation of two trumpets. He gave us the revelation of the sixth trumpet and told exactly when it started. See, and gave us the revelation of the fifth trumpet. And that started way back cuz the revelation of the fifth trumpet had a king of Apolon and come out of hell. That was the popes. It took it way back. And the revelation of the sixth trumpet was at 200,000,000 spiritual charges. Watch listen was the pagan spirits that was bound by Rome's uh traditions of Christianity. Now see a a Rome would have loosed upon the world this pagan spirit but when the popes came on the scene it bound that up and then it bound up the church and the pagan spirit because it had its own doctrine. You follow me now? So those 200,000,000 pagan demons was bound and while the pope just ruled the earth there. See? All right. 1933 it was time for those pagan spirits to be loosed. And certain dictators had to serve one hour with the beast. Certain dictators, Hitler, Mussolina, Stalin and so forth. And then those pagan spirits, the ones that burned those Jews, did all kind of things to those Jews. over these 200,000,000 spiritual charges that got up on those Germans and the ties and so forth and did all of those things. So therefore, God's prophet, he was showing us that the sixth trumpet was loosed around about 1933 there. Are you following me now? Amen. So therefore, he says between the sixth trumpet and the seventh trumpet, Elijah is the pair and so is Moses and Elijah. Now on a book called ashamed, he calls the seventh trumpet and the seventh seal the coming of the Lord. So where are you at right now? Are you following me? So now these supernatural charges, brother Bram said that they are to be loosed on the bride. Mhm. But they won't take her. See, it's just to because come against her because see these charges have a certain nature. And only way you can know that a person got a charge up on them. See is to find out their nature. And on page 29, it says here, notice what that group is ariding, making themselves ready to stomp out everything that won't that won't agree with them. Amen. Mhm. Now you can now you can pick up that spirit. There's a spirit a religious spirit. Now that because changed over in 63 when Pope Paul opened up that spirit come out and changed from pagan to ecclesiastical and before it could rise and stop everything the seals was open that the bride might know by the word what that is. Amen. You see God see how it's got to be time. The pope actually came in 63 in June. Is that right? Just look how close that was. Two or three months just before that. Amen. The seals was open that we might know he was coming. God is with his people because he has bound you your souls. Amen. In a bundle of life and can't no demon, nobody, no nothing deter you from the course that he's laid out here for you. Nothing can take you away, friend. I mean, you are bound. He's bound to it. He sees. He knows you're here. His love is with you. He's washing in his blood. He's sending his word. He's giving you everything that you need. This word here cuz you can only defeat the enemy by that word. That's all. Amen. Now he said even he said there because Jesus because he had his temptations there. Mhm. And he says uh Satan said because cast yourself down. Will you because will you tempt God? Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God. Other words here going out across the country with big campaign so forth. Would you tempt God to go out there over to because Jeremy on the aisle over here I am be the message now God come down here tempting God. See cast yourself out. No sir waiting right with that word. Staying right there. I hope you see that friend. Just stay right with it. See amen now. It's going to it's going to be just the way he said. See now. So what happened here? That pagan spirit was loosed through these dictators and it it was all working in God's purpose. Now those spirits, the demon charges drove Israel back to Israel. I mean because drove these because Jews back to Israel. And therefore God allowed this um or ecclesiastical spirit to be loosed against the bride to drive her to the word. Amen. See now to drive her straight to the new Jerusalem, the word of God. Amen. Try these spirits by the word. You follow me now? So he allowed them to be loose against the bride, but he let her see their nature. For they come with a certain nature. See amen now. Now he said here, he said, "Now, now there she is. Now she's loose to call, watch these words here to call all these little loose ends." Now he's saying that these supernatural charges is loose to call loose ends around the bride. Now watch. He says, "Oh, well, it don't make any difference anyhow." A loose end. That's what Satan said to Eve. Don't make any different. It's all right. Surely, God's a good God. He loves us all. He doesn't. Brother Brandham says he's a God of justice. Did you pick up what I said? Amen. Here we are in the message. The demons, the charges are loose. And they have a certain nature, certain spirit to drive at at their brothers. Chop them down. Chop them down. chap with a certain doctrine. Are you following me, friends? And if you don't agree with what they say, they'll stomp you out. Are you following me? Amen. They will stomp out all that is called God. If they don't agree with what they say. Now, some people say, "Now, what are you talking about, Brother Coleman? I'm preaching the word of God." Some people think maybe you're talking about this or that. No, I am standing here, I'll show you why, and preaching the word to his bride here. For that's what he said. You follow me now? So now these loose ends like, "Oh, that's all right, Eve. You can live in the world and be worldly and have worldly clothes and all like it's here and live like it's here. You could do it. That's a loose end." That's right. All All you got to do is to go over here and there's going to be a great big thing. That's a loose end. No more ministers. That's a loose end. No more no more Holy Ghost. We in a loose end. All you got to do is just read the book. Loose end. Yes. Yes. Brother, you got to live this word of God. Got to do more than read it. You got to live it. You can read the whole book if you don't have love. If you don't love because your brother, are you following me now? If you ain't riding up and down trying to stomp out your brother, you see now what spirit is that? A spiritual charger up on a brother. Ride, ride, ride, ride. See, it's driving. The Holy Spirit is first of all peaceable, easy to be entreated, full of love, mercy, compassion, beareth all things, does not never born itself. It's not called to do a certain thing. It says humble. Thank you, Lord. You felt that's the Holy Spirit. But this other spirit, Matthew 24:24, up on these people driving, you got to do it this way. You got to do this way here. driving is is is a demon charger you I hope you understand this friend we here to this is God's house of correction and some will come here sit here looking just like the world and want to question you what are you talking about up there I'm talking about the word of God that's what I'm talking about there is God's sheep that are put here in New York City here and we are to preach the word to them and we because we are here loose and float through here we chop that thing into pieces and what are you insinuating about what are you talking I'm talking about that loose end flying through there. See, I got a beat on it. I'm cutting the thing down. Oh, we all believe. No, we don't neither. No, sir. There's only an elected group that has heard from their theophony. They come from God and they go back to God. They are bound in his word. They They are sweating tears. They're sighing and crying against these filthy loose ends. They're they're holding the fort. They're holding on. They know what the word God given the word to ser message and they're holding just what it said. It says ministers. It says the Holy Ghost. It says everything in there. Is that right? And they're holding right to it. And when they are loose and confronting charging through in the wrong spirit cuz the Bible says except you go forth forgiving and brotherly kind. You have the wrong spirit of this age. Therefore, if I have done something wrong of you, it doesn't wrong. The brother won't forgive you but want to stomp you out and swear you're wrong. What kind of spirit is that? Are you following me, friends? Amen. Hope you get it, brother. See? So therefore, these this ecclesiastical loose in spirit was loosed 200,000,000 of them to catch the bride somewhere. But they care. She's holding her for it. She met God. She was there. Amen. She was in his thoughts. Amen. And she's expressed here not that she will. She has stumbled off. He said, "You will be conformed to my image." Why? cuz you're already justified, already sanctified, already glorified and you will do it. But you just just stand here and show light. Then if you're showing light here, their deeds is done in darkness. You follow other words, if you think a person is wrong, bring it to the light. What that's done in dark is all around slipping behind, slipping over here, slipping over there, silly women, it picks them up and tells them all this garbage. See me now. And then that spirit, that demon charge is afraid to come to the light. the word. Here's the light. Bring it right here. If for say here, if we wrong here, come down to the light. Down where the do drops of mercy are. Amen. Let's sit on down in the back. Fellowship. Amen. Amen. Hug one another. Well, God bless you, brother. I'm wrong. Show it to me. No. Charging around the outskirts. See the men now picking up silly women who are led away by divers lust. What's over here? What's over there? See eyes buckwide and everything. things. See, they been looking for something else. You sure get it because he got it. She sure got it, too. And then what are they talking about down there? Not even know don't you fear God? You see me now? No. So, no fear of God at all. Just saying any old blasphemy because come out of their mouth. Speak against a deacon, the minister, anybody. They don't care. Brother s they don't say anything. Therefore, that spirit has been turned over already, a charger upon them. See, but if it's the Holy Spirit is peaceable, easy to be entreated. Oh yeah. Full of mercy, compassion. Well, God bless you, brother. I'm sure. Sorry. See, sister there praying one for the other. No, these spirits just moving around. That's right, sister. Praise the Lord. See, they don't they don't understand that they want to just talk evil against you all the time. I'm trying to show you friends. God is bringing up to a certain plane. See, don't be don't let that those demon charges upon people. I hope you understand what I'm talking about. I ain't talking against nobody. I'm preaching about this loose end. These loose ends. I'm trying to let you know that God has want you on this plane here. Don't camp down here with all that old talking foolishness down here. If you get up here, moving, quiet in the spirit, praying in the Holy Ghost, loving your brother, that's up here. Say now, knowing that soon something is fixing to happen. You see Apollo 11 going up here. You follow me now? You know God's prophet said that they won't get there. What season are you in? Where you at? you know about all about because cancer and and what month it moves and all these things and the harvest and all you know these things it's been preached to you and you watching you wait you don't want to hear nothing like that there against nobody you get away from that kind of stuff there see now but they don't know you got to pray for them they don't know see but nevertheless if they don't know they got to be told the word yes sir you got to stand on the word of God amen see so now he says that um they're trying that they're writing to stomp out this message. You know why? No faith, no revelation. So therefore, since they they turn around, what should I preach? I don't know what what to say. Well, um maybe we should just read the books. Everybody just read just what it says here. No revelation. Now suppose you just read the books. You follow me now? And never knew what he was talking about. I mean, the world reads the books out there. They sure do. Amen. And they preach on it, too. Right. Amen. But is that the bride? See me now. All right. The six uh seals. The message went out in 63. Everybody got that. But he hid something in there. The mystery of his coming. The seventh seal. That was the coming of the Lord. Now, that was every word. See, and the whole thing, every word, of course. See, but that was coming right to a bride who knew who she was. Who would touch the hymn of his garment to be made whole virtue coming in. And then she knew the first thing comes in from Christ is love. The love of God. That's his nature. And then she knows that. And then she's just in love with God. She's and she cannot be in love with God without being in love with her brother and sister. Is that right? She's never seen God. You follow me now? So therefore, only way she can see God is God in you, one another. And the first thing that life is trying to pull through there, which is love. And and when you see a life, you see light. And there you see the bride walking. There you see the bride changing into a golden brown. Just humble and walking on with God. Amen. Amen. Praise. Do you understand what I'm saying now? We ain't talking against no person, nobody, but we are holding the fort. There's people here who don't know these things. So therefore, we are obligated as a minister, pastor here to stand up here and preach these things to you. See you now. So now we know the spirits that are moving around and how I mean they would take away your very life if you let him. That's right. Exactly right. And you got to stand so strong all the time. See it's but see that's all right. You're going to have you're going to eat the bread and the wine. You're going to eat the bread and drink the wine with him at the end when you have that communion again. Amen. At the end of the battle. It's a great battle. Sure it is. See, he knows that. But they all went through the same battle. Yes, sir. See, and this one is far greater spiritually because it's so deceptive. You don't know who's who. So therefore, the only way to get through this life here right now is to love everybody. Then you don't have no fear. That's right. That's the only way. See me now. It's just to the enemy. Love your enemy. Make a mistake. Love your enemy. Follow me now. Love your brother. Love your sister. Then you then you have peace. You don't worry. You don't tense up with the skill of the spirit. See now it makes you nervous of course. Sure. And when the person leaves gone you see me now. But nevertheless you got that's your test cuz they're anointed and they'll say anything to you at all. They have no fear at all. They'll say anything at all. They don't they they do not care. So now um but they'll tell you why you ain't saved. You can't listen because and so now Jesus Christ said here St. John 1 because in closing he came unto his own his own received him not but as many as received him to them he gave power to become the sons of God. I'm so glad that God had the power for me to become a son of God. And not the people run up and down here who don't want me to have this here. They say I can't have that. You follow me? That's right. Say amen now. And you too see but God said if I receive him he see will give me the power to become his son. Praise the Lord. For he said here as many as receive them. See me now. Now now I don't care how many supernatural demons run up down the land. Doesn't bother me at all because he going to give me the power to become the son of God. See me now. So therefore I don't care how many is is pursuing your life like Saul after David. Yeah. Amen. But your soul is bound in the bundle of life. Can nothing happen to it? Can all these things all happen for a purpose? See now, I don't care how many come today with a crazy loose doctrines trying to tell you it's all right you get there, but just believe it this way. Here's why, friends. When the prophet has preached and you're here to tell, I got the books. We have it here every Sunday night. That right? What do you need somebody to come and tell you that this is what he talking about here? That's ridiculous right there because you have the tape. You know what you're talking about. You hear it. Faith coming by hearing the word from the prophet. You got it. You don't need somebody to run a charge up and down the street and he catch you out in the dark somewhere. Look here, brother. He meant this over here. No, sir. He meant what he said in the Bible there. Amen. Amen. So now we see now he says, uh, Amen. See, he says here, as many as received, gave him power to become sons of God which were born. see are not of blood, nor the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man. See, now as I receive his word, as we receive his word, see, he gives us power. Authority Mhm. to become a son of God. Authority to testify for him. Authority to live this life here. Power to live this life here. That right? He gives us the authority by this word to challenge Satan like I'm doing this morning. Amen. You follow me now? Amen. He gives us the authority to preach his word, not certain people, whoever he calls. Amen. So therefore, I have his authority to stay here this morning and to preach the word. Amen. Not read out of the book, but preach it. Amen. You follow me now? By his authority. But there are those who are writing, see now, charges tell you that you can't preach no more. But he said, "Because I could." Now, who should I believe? a supernatural spiritual charger that's riding around in the dark grabbing silly women that can let us all kind of crazy or should I believe the the Lord God Almighty as for me in my house I'm going to serve the Lord see me now now therefore he says you're not you're born again not of blood now watch not by right of a natural descent from man no you're not born again by that way see me Not because you're a Gentile or you're Jew or you are what else you are, Samaritan or something. No sir, they got nothing to do with it. Paul said all of these endless genealogies, where you come from, who you think you are, see that that was not an attribute in his mind. Amen. Amen. Only those that was an attribute of thought in his mind, that's all that he wants here now. So no matter where you come out of European stock or African stock or Chinese stock, it matters not to God whatsoever. It's whether you where you were a thought in his mind. And those who were, they know that they are and they're here standing by authority, witnessing and testifying and being witness of that light and challenging the devil at every point. You follow me now? So therefore because their attributes see nor of the will of flesh not by the this flesh maybe well maybe because I go to hell therefore I should serve no sir because you love God of of the will of man. See other words by man's right man's theories his religions his doctrines his idea of what brother Brandham said I'm not born again by that I'm born again by God who came here and died for me and for you. Amen. See now and that he's so bound us by his love. He's so and because integral part of us and we of him we're one. You see amen now. And no matter uh how many supernatural spiritual charges that as the prophet of God said now I say it in love friends. I hope you understand that. Amen. Love is correction. And you see people they just don't understand and no matter what they'll go right outside and they just don't understand. Say amen. Now uh people say well a person will say I have the wrong thoughts. How do I know? Well check that thought with the word. You find that thought in the word it's not from God. If you can't find the word it's not from God. Then it's from the enemy. You have your own natural thoughts. Then if a thought comes into into you that well uh this brother is wrong. See me now. And this one got to do so and so and this is that and so forth and so on. That's from the devil. Amen. Because the thought of God is that you are to love your brother. That's a different thought. That's from God. See, is peaceable easily to be entreated. You don't have to force nothing. The Holy Spirit stands up here and reveals whomsoever will let him come. See, now people will say, "Well, what are you talking about, brother? You're always talking like you're talking about somebody." No. See, uh, Brother Bram said that Jesus Christ spoke in parables. Now, I hope that sinks home. We don't stand up here and talk about nobody here in the east or west or nowhere. We we're talking in parables to the bride. So you're talking about now and others they they don't get they get the wrong understand. Think you're talking about somebody and why you say this is over here. Why don't you just bring this thing out so I can understand it. See no see it's to the bride parables. Brother said on the the unveiling of of the mighty God. He said I say some things to thin you down. That's exactly right. I say these things to thin you down so you won't understand because the god of this world has blinded you. How? By supernatural charging. You find if somebody run up to you and show you, well, brother so and so did so and so and so back there. Well, we all was back in the mud back there. What is brother so and so doing now as a lily of the valley or sister so and so. Amen. So therefore, you know, it's a wrong spirit right away pointing you back to what somebody did back there. That's a wrong spirit. Amen. I hope you understand this here. If somebody run up to you and said this sister or that brother because three years ago, four years ago, that's under the blood. Amen. How dare you go back there and pull that out. Amen. Charging around pulling because pull those things back out of there. You live day by day. You follow me now, friends? I'm saying these things now because many of you go through these little things. You have people in and out of here coming and going, coming and going. Okay? All we know is who's sitting here today. That's all I know. See, therefore, we don't have any numbers here because don't numbers people. See? So, I walk out here, I see who's here. Well, this is this is the bride. That's all I know. Preach right to them. See a minute now? And therefore, there's then there's those who come in and go out and come in and go over here. See what's over there. Itching ears, you know, back and forth. They can go where anywhere they want to go at. See amen now. But nevertheless, let us assemble ourselves together. Say where the word is going forth. Now, all of us believe the message. See, amen. We all believe the message and we we say a little different. You see amen now? That's all right. Say along as you believe the message. All right. See, man. Sure. Brother Ram said, "So, because Junior Jackson and them, they wanted to have uh the people be out on the floor speak in tongues, run up and down the floor." Brother Brand said, "That's all right. Sure. Can we believe the message?" He if he wants to eat cherry pie, I want to eat apple pie. We still eating pie. Amen. See, talking about now, so if somebody wants to believe that nobody got the Holy Ghost, that's all right. We all eating pie. Thank you. See now if somebody wants to believe that well can't nobody preach. You got to read every word in here and and then sit down. That's all right because you're still reading the word. See what I mean now? But he said in here man shall not live by bread alone but by every word. Now now watch. So the enemy comes around pulls out a loose end. God said you would die. You shall not surely die because there he is. See, they come and tell you, "Well, see, I know that Brother Bram said that, but here's the reason why you got to do it this way and got you right away." Somebody said, "Well, see, cuz I know we used to get the Holy Ghost, but here's what happened now." Because because there's no signs and wonders, nobody's got it, but they got you, right? So, you see, that's a loose end pulling you out. You say, "Well, that's right." Cuz I see I've been down there. I don't see anything going on there or nowhere. See a minute now. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word, every mechanical word. Not the dynamics alone, but but the word of God. I'm trying to say this to you friends that the subject would be final. See me now because we've been hitting and hitting and chopping and chopping and long as we see see a loose end running and charging, we're going to chop and we're going to chop. Amen. And that spirit is riding and it's riding and we standing and holding for it. Amen. I hope you get it. She talking about now. So I said plain this morning. As long as we here floating through here about nobody needs the Holy Ghost, ain't nobody got it. See, that's a loose end because the prophet said that before he could come down, he had to send fire to burn out that he might dwell in there. So I don't know what you're talking about there. This is a gentile age. In the gentile age, the gentile, they were filthy. They had to come by the spirit. another age. She talking about now the Jews was already sanctified. They was already in the house of God. Disciples and woman had to come there. He called a dog. Amen. This is the house of Israel here. You have nothing to do with this hair. You got to wait until the son of God pulled out the Holy Ghost. Amen. And then you come into the kingdom by the spirit of God. Then all of a sudden the last days when all the word come, you going to take out the Holy Spirit. Well, how can I come in? How much how can I get the locos in there? All right. When the seed is in the body, the seed is in the body. Do you understand it, friends? Do you hear the bells are ringing? Huh? Do you hear the angel singing? I do. Amen. I've heard from God. I heard from my theophony. It's over there. And the more I take in of the word of God from the fountain of life, the water is in me. A fountain is in you. Amen. You follow me now? We're in the season now. I I'm trying I don't know how to explain it to you. The enemy is riding just before the resurrection power falls on the bride and dynamics what's his name? Uh uh Judas comes up at the very last second with a loose end. Do you understand that? Amen. Somebody is standing and holding that word. They ordained and they have authority to do so. That is he and she the bride. She's has the authority. Every woman, you have the authority with this word. Every man, you have authority to hold the fort. He gave you the fort and told you like Eve the church. Good people sincere people but anointed with the wrong teaching. That's right. See, and with the Holy Spirit falling upon them, they'd come riding in. See, now here's how their nature is. If it's the Holy Spirit, they'll come in and sit down. That's it. The Holy Spirit come right here and sit down and go up to your brother have an od against you. Oh, sure. Come on back. See what is it? See me now. But if it's not the Holy Spirit, it'll never It won't come in here, but it stand outside and chop chop around. Stomp stomp stomp outside. It won't come in here. See, but it try to catch a silly woman out there somewhere. I'm talking about man and woman now. See, woman's churchmen. I just sisters now. Man and woman is church. Amen. And ministers also. You see what I'm talking about now? So therefore you have brothers uh because raising up not even called for nothing but going around talking against you. See right now troublemakers busy bodies running to and fro. See I'm saying all these things this morning so you could get it cuz some people say well you never because make it plain. Make it plain this morning. See man now. So you get it. See now we don't want to call down fire on nobody. No sir. No. We don't call a goat. No. But we just say that well if this is a loose end. So watch those loose ends. Amen. and pray for that soul. Let that spirit get up off the person. See amen now. And when you'll know when they have the right spirit, they'll come in here. Sit down. Then you'll know if if it won't something wrong with that spirit. Other words to me is this way. The thing that I would hate to do the most if I have God in me, Lord, let me do that. Amen. So somebody hates you here so much. If they have God in them, this is where they'll come where they left God. Amen. See, and when they when God is with them and they baron up and loose them, oh, they'll see different there. But until that time, they're covered. And if they're covered, they don't even know that they are covered. Nevertheless, what can you have to preach the word? And therefore, to those who don't understand, there are those who do understand. He says, "This is the day he'll make up his jewels." He's bound to it. Those who do understand. So, I pray and trust that you understand. Separate yourself from all unbelief. Turn to page 305. Do you love them? You see that you're bound, your nature, your soul is bound in the bundle of life. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We know that we have all of these great and exceeding promises whereby we become partakers of his nature through the word of God. And we see all the prophet of God has exalted us. We know that there's a land beyond the river. We know friends, we are right there. I'm only trying to tell you to warn you with tears in my heart. There are sincere people who don't know that they're anointed with the wrong spirit because it is not the spirit of Christ which is easy to be entreated bear. Well, no, if the person is wrong, if somebody did something to you, what does Peter say? See that if you if you get buffeted about for your own faults, that ain't nothing with God. But if you buff it about and so forth, so on and then that's thank worthy. See me? Now that's with God. That's what he blesses there. So if somebody doing something wrong to you, that person will still humble themselves and still have the spirit of Christ and wait until God make the thing right. They won't go around riding up and down stomping out their things like is there in the wrong spirit. You see me now and tell you what some kind of because a crazy loose end that well nobody need the whole I mean see I say that I hope some people say what is he talking all the time about that for? Don't you understand that there's a pit of hell there and you have to break one word? Oh, it's all I hear him in the message. Well, that don't mean nothing. Brother so and so used to teach down here just recently that uh you don't take the Lord's supper no more. The rapture's already come. And then this brother saw that brother and asked about it. He said, "Well, you know, so then I asked him." He said, "Well, it's all right." I said, "All right." I said, "But now, how many people did he pollute their souls with that with?" Right. and you say it's all right. I can't see that friend. I'll never see that. I never will see that. How a minister or a brother or somebody or sister can run around with the wrong thing, pollute somebody, and then they go around and then somebody tell them different, they say, "Oh, that's right." But what about the others that they did that to? So that's why there, as long as I hear about there's no Holy Ghost, I'm going to blast that loosening out. Now, I hope that's plain to you. So you understand that and you won't be wondering what am I doing up here. I'm holding a fort. Amen. Or do you understand? I hope that's playing to you. Say, I'm standing here. I am for holiness. I am for love. I am for perfection. Amen. And I'm against that filthy spirit that will talk against his brother that will hate. I'm against that because God is against it. Amen. Now, I hope that's plain. You won't have to go out here and ask nobody what is brother Coleman talking about cuz that's what I mean. And we are not the same with any group that's saying there's no Holy Ghost. We are not the same with any group who's telling you all you got to do is just read the every word. No siren. We are not the same. So I'm telling you this morning by the authority of Jesus Christ. We are not the same because the prophet said you take one word out of there. Many false annoyons would ride in ' 66, 67, 68, and 69 just before the resurrection power falls upon you. Judas is perverting the word of God. Don't you hear? The bells are ringing. Amen. Praise the Lord. I know there's a land beyond the river. I know there's somebody in here that know they come from God. Hallelujah. And asked Elijah for a double portion. Amen. Amen. And then say, "Where is the Lord God of Elijah?" And then by faith smite the water and goes back and then they walk over that land over there. Praise the Lord. To me, uh, it's like we've just left the city and walking out over the hills and the father's house is a way off and the bells are ringing. Come on in. It's evening time. Amen. Praise the Lord. The angels, the messengers was run up and down and singing it. Amen. They heard the people heard from their theophonies. And this morning's message I pray you understand what I was talking about. For in many things we offend all we all offend in many things. See if any man offend not in word the same as a perfect man and able to bridle the whole body. So I'm trying to show you friends that the anointing of God through the word trying to bring this body into subjection to the word of God. And so through correction, the house of correction, we say this in love because we know those of you who who are here the first time, we know where we're standing at. We know this is the last seconds. There's something fixing to happen. I was just thinking about Sarah starting out at 65 and ending up her cycle as 90 years old, 69. And uh God has witnesses all through the Bible and how those things happen there and how we're not blind. We know uh we saw God's prophet walk. We saw Jesus Christ. So we know we're wrong if we run up and down the street and somebody's trying to chop somebody down and talking about the English and they can't preach and this is wrong and that's wrong. Seemen now. We know if somebody walks up to you and says a a thoughtless word that that cuz that is not Christ. That's the tongue. See? And you should bridle that. Seemen now. And so people they get mad. That's all right. See now because they get mad at Jesus Christ. You see? And so therefore we're only trying to show you the a more perfect way. You see, which is the way we know that the anointing, the dove, say, in the full anointing, it's going to land upon that lamb one of these days soon. It's going to be, it's very, very, very close. And we know um many things that are to happen right here. It's all for purpose. It's been the purpose of God that everything that's happened to this hour has been God's purpose that I know that I can uh stake my life on. See amen now. But all I'm trying to show those if you understand friend what I'm trying to say to you there are those sitting here they don't quite understand there are those who just come into the message so to speak haven't been here when we started out and in this message and they come in with a sort of a intellectual idea about it see and think it's like the other church where you just go ahead no you don't do this by the spirit of God it's revealed and if the Holy Spirit has come into a brother or a sister here if it's a sister she ceases to dress like the world or to look like the world. She takes a stand against her husband and so forth on certain things of God. See man now she does that if there's a brother he because he likewise and so forth. Everybody lines up with the word of God and they are washed by the water of the word and the first thing we learn is correction and so forth and what how we are to be as a adult Christian. There's many babies you see but we're talking to the adult. It's all right if you want to run up and down and talk that's all right because they'll be there too. See, but I'm talking about in the city, that's a different place. You follow me now? There's many, say, who won't die out to the tongue and these things here. Now, see, because the word of God has come forth in judgment, in mercy through a prophet's message. So, heed the call this morning and and and don't one day you can walk in here just coming from somewhere else and still talking and and so forth and it'll be there. So, I just trying to warn you. That's all. See, you'll just walk in one day. It that'll be the time. That'll be the day. And then he'll just call it right out. See, now there are those sitting here who don't believe that because if they did, they wouldn't continually go on the way they are going on. See a minute now. So, we know that they don't believe it. Nothing we can do because uh because according to your faith be it unto you. See, but if you have heard a sister or brother from your theophony, you heard from God, then you see them their body come in subjection to the word of God. You see the life that was in God in that person, then you'll see love one another and so forth. See, you see that. And then if you see the wrong spirit trying to stomp you out, I just told you where it come from. You see a spirit moving in with a loose end trying to show you, show you, show you, show you when God has showed you all along himself. He showed you himself. He don't need somebody outside to run in and show you here a little scripture here. Say, "No, he'll he show you the whole thing." He said, "Not not not just one little part in there, the whole word of God. There's not a one little part and many of them have come up this this last time here all across the country with little scriptures and things one little part out of the message. See, and you know that's wrong. So I pray that you understand what I'm trying to explain to you. I try to explain in love. We love the brethren, sisters, and so forth. But there's a stand we have to take. You see, and we have the authority from God to take that stand here because we ordained to do so. See, and many have run up against that. See, many have run up against that door in the stand. See, broken in pieces because it's not us here, it's him. See, look, this is God's work. A man who wasn't even said saved said one time because about Peter and them. He said, "Because careful." He said, "Because if it's God's work, you're fighting against God. But if it's just man, as you say, cuz they don't read the books and this thus and so it'll come to north." So if you have the spirit of Christ, don't fight it. Is that right? Other words, if you have the spirit of Christ in you, what would you run up and down because New York for telling that this church is wrong? Because if it's man like you say a spirit of man, it will come to north. You can believe that that I know if the spirit of man was up in this pulpit here these many years, it wouldn't be one person sitting there. Not a one. Now, all of you know that. I'm talking plain to you this morning. Amen. Then if it's not the spirit of man and you know it's Christ proved it through the down through the years what are you fighting for then? You see what I'm talking about now? Join hands together in love and prayer wherever you are here and there and there and be one. That's the spirit of Christ. But then if if the the person there in authority there sees a a certain spirit coming stomping and be chomping down, they've got to wander up in the tower. Amen. They see those charges charging across the plane, the smoke and fury of them. No one snorting and everything else, foaming at the mouth all excited cuz they saw the Holy Spirit coming. They see like Abraham saw coming down the plane. See God himself. Amen. Just quiet like and humble. They see, whoa, praise the Lord. Here comes the Lord. Amen. But somebody charging like this here out in the dark out there. What if it's of God? Bring it to the light. Don't grab a sister outside and she just come recently in the mess. Don't even know what's even going on. Say, "Well, it's all the same thing." No, it's not neither. So therefore, if you don't know what you're talking about, don't say nothing. You shouldn't say nothing, sister. See, or brother, I hope that's plain. There are sisters in here who don't understand what's going on here. They just come here and they say, "Well, this group, that group, what's all this about anyway?" See, that's the wrong spirit. Cuz if Christ was in that person, they would be so humble. They thank God that God open up their eyes to come out of this this because filthy world out here and find a place of light and also holiness and also purity where the word of God goes forth. Say amen now. So like I say if this if you think it's not of God don't fight it because you be fighting at the wrong time because Saul fought David. David he just sidestepped that s but he God was with him. He was in line of duty. She shm because kicked dirt up. That's all right. See, but there comes a day. I don't want to see nobody here now. You see that now? There comes a day. I don't want nobody to be with nobody who's going to be standing in that spot. And there are those who will be. See, but we pray to God there's nobody here. See, now I can only You said, "Well, who told you that?" He did. That's what I'm here for. See now as a as one of the pastors here to warn you and tell you things. Now, I feel led to do that this morning. That's to tell you just talk from my heart cuz some of you don't know. You just come recently. Therefore, you should sit down a while and pray before you say anything. Well, what happened with brother Coleman back in ' 64 and so and so? What happened back in ' 62? If you wasn't there, don't say nothing. Now, I hope I hope that gets home to you. If you don't know what Brother Coleman and the person did in ' 61 or ' 62 or 63, four or five, if you was not there, just come now. Don't say one word because you only heard one side of the story. You got to hear two sides. Then if you really want to know will come to brother Coleman and he'll certainly tell you he'll notice it abroad cuz it's all have come through here all because already everybody here knows about it nothing here you follow me now see so I hope that gets home to somebody if you are confused about something this morning I pray to God I hope you hear the bells are ringing I hope you hear the angels the messengers singing that message like the shepherds did you follow me now see and and also those who are spiritual, the elders and so forth, the deacons, everybody in here. And I know it's hard for you. Certain ones will run up to you as soon as you go downstairs there some outside the word. See, and you got to see and go on. That's your test. Keep moving anyway. But keep your heart pure and clean and don't get anything funny in there. See, just keep your hearts cuz clear, pure, and clean. See? And then you just wait on the Lord and you're going to see something take place. Shall we stand? There's a land beyond the river [Music] that we call the sweet forever. [Music] And we only reap that short by faith decree. One by one we'll gain a portal [Music] there to dwell with him. [Music] When they ring the golden bell [Music] you and [Music]
