################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-08-14 - 13-0814 - Our Theophany - Roel Soriano - Roel Soriano - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2013-08-14
Title:   13-0814 - Our Theophany - Roel Soriano
Speaker: Roel Soriano
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1yg8IZmqmk
========================================

All my praise for this might be nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is [Music] that makes me white as snow. No other found I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Amen. You really believe that? Nothing but the blood that takes care of all things. Good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. Glad to have brother Seriano with us tonight. Expecting him to come forth and speak the word of the Lord unto us because that's what we gathered for. Glad to have sister Serion and with us, his wife anyway with us. Glad to have them. And just pray that the Lord would bless them as they're traveling about through the states and preaching the gospel. Remember now, the Lord willing, brother Danny Delmund, Mundo, however, how you pronounce it, will be with us this coming weekend to minister unto us. And then before the end of the month, Brother Samuel uh Perash will be with us speaking also. Don't know exact dates on that yet, but we're we'll be telling you when it when we get time know. All right, everybody ready to hear the word of the Lord? Is that what we come for? Amen. We came to hear it, didn't we? And faith comes by hearing. And how can we hear without a preacher? Amen. And how can he preach unless he be sent? So let's just sing, open the eyes of my heart as brother Roy Siano comes to speak the word of the Lord unto us this night. Amen. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I can see what's right on the pulpit. I want to see you. I have to look at the screen. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Do you? I want to see you. And now to see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power in love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, glory, [Music] holy, holy, holy. Hallelujah. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. [Music] Amen. Amen. You want to see him tonight? Amen. Yes, sir. That's my desire. Amen. And I believe we can see him tonight. Amen. We can see him in the word. That's right. We can see him in each other. Hallelujah. We can see him by revelation. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. I greet you again in the name of the Lord Jesus from our uh congregation in Titai Risal in the Philippines. Uh they're probably streaming now. Amen. And uh uh we bring you greetings even from the all the saints in the Philippines. Um Hallelujah. It's good to be back here sir after a year. And uh we've been having some good time of fellowship with our brother uh brother Wade and his wife Sister June. And last night we were together uh brother Sam and sister Peggy over dinner and the Lord just um gave us some glorious time of fellowship. Amen. Um we're still praying that uh the Lord would somehow place it in brother Sam's um heart to go back to the Philippines. Amen. Or if not brother Wade. We kind of waited for him to come uh last January, but maybe it's uh it wasn't the will the the time of the Lord. That's right. Um but we're praying we're praying that uh you could uh uh come back to the Philippines because um uh by what's happening in our country uh nowadays there's a lot of uh there's a lot of new churches that have come into the message by way of the mystery expo seminars that we conduct and uh uh and uh we just need all the ministry that we can get and uh I know that you have a good teaching ministry in this church and and uh people stream your services here in the Philippines and uh I know that many people are many believers are praying that u some of you brothers can come over and minister to us. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, before I uh let you be seated, um we'll look at our text and approach God in prayer. Yes, sir. I'm going to speak about uh our theophony. Amen. It's going to be a short Bible study. Amen. All right. On our theophony, which is our glorious body. Our glorious body. Hallelujah. There you go. There you go. 2 Corinthians chapter 5 verse 1 and 2 is where um brother Benham uh went as as a reference on this subject and it reads for we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved we have a building of God and house not made with hands Amen. Eternal in the heavens. Amen. For in this we grown earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven. That's right. Amen. These are the words of the Lord. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we ask that you uh would come in our midst once again as we approach uh your word humbly. Father, we ask that you uh give us of your spirit, Lord, so we can uh come to a clear understanding of this uh important subject. Just be with us, Father. And I pray you uh touch every person and meet every need that's represented here in this assembly this evening. We thank you and we want to give you all the praise and honor and glory. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So I believe this is a great subject. Amen. Theophony. The word theophony um uh actually comes from two Greek words. Theos and fes. Theos is god and fises is a form or a body. Amen. Um, so put together, theophony actually means the body of God. Amen. That's the form that God is in. The body that God is in. Uh um at first being a young student of the word, it kind of puzzled me. Uh this scripture in 2 Corinthians kind of puzzled me because it was supposed to be talking about uh our heavenly bodies. Yeah. But if you read in in verse one, there's nothing in verse one that suggests that it is a body. Right. It's only in verse two that you get a hint. Right. Right. You know this verse one talks about earthly house and tabernacle that can be dissolved and talks about the building of God a house not made with hands and eternal in the heaven. You know um at first you would think that uh St. Paul was speaking about uh our mansions or or some some uh some uh uh physical structure that is waiting for us in heaven. But if you read in but we read in verse two where it says for in this we grown earnestly desiring to be clothed upon so this this house is actually a garment right right hallelujah we can that we can put on exactly upon with our house which is from heaven and uh I uh if you have u a digital Bible and you click click the the word house there in your Greek Greek lexican. The word used there is oiterion which actually means a dwelling place or a habitation and it speaks of the body as a dwelling place for the spirit. Right? Hallelujah. So it actually speaks of the body where the spirit lives, right? Exactly. Hallelujah. And if you click on the word tabernacle in verse one, this earthly house of this tabernacle be the soul. You know, you click that and the word used there is kanos, which actually means a tabernacle, a tent. It speaks metaphorically of the human body in which the soul dwells us in a tent, right? Uh uh and which is taken down at death. A tent is like a temporary dwelling place. And uh when you don't have uh any use for it, it is taken down. Right. Right. So, uh the tabernacle, the house that was uh spoken of in uh uh in our scripture here uh is actually speaks about this body. The scripture is telling us that after this body has been dismantled or dissolved. Hallelujah. That God has another body waiting for us eternal in the heaven. which means we move from one dwelling place into another. Amen. Hallelujah. This is a physical uh earthly body made up of 16 elements. But we know that this is just a temporary dwelling place for us. Hallelujah. And this is not uh uh the perfect body that God wants us to be dwelling into. Hallelujah. And so we understand that we are not in our correct dwelling place so to speak. Amen. Because in this body we go through all kinds of suffering and pain, right? And uh this body gets weak and uh and uh uh gets ill. And we know that God has uh something better for us. Hallelujah. It's it's an eternal house. Hallelujah. To understand this better in in Hebrews chapter 4 better uh uh spoke on the Hebrews series and and in chapter 4 he explicitly spoke about the theophony. Right? It says, "In the beginning, God was a spirit and all the fountain of goodness and mercy and power and all the good things of love, God was the center of that fountain. And then the logos that went out of God in the beginning become what we would call a theophony." There's your clue right there. Right. Uh, brother Benham calls the logos a theophony, right? Hallelujah. Or a supernatural body. Amen. It's a supernatural body. God is just not like the air, right? Because the air is formless. Hallelujah. But he is in a body. Amen. God was living in a body. Amen. something came out of him and it's called the logos. Better Bum said the better word for the logos is theophony. Hallelujah. So that logos that uh uh went out of God became the body in which God dwelt in. So what happened was uh that that great logos came out of God and God dwelt into that logos. Hallelujah. That became his body, his supernatural body. Hallelujah. Moses seen him pass and said it looked like the back part, the back part of a man. Hallelujah. And so forth. And that same theophony was made flesh and dwelt amongst us. And we beheld him, the only begotten of the father, Christ. And now the logos that went out of God which which was the logos all this begin to form into a body shape. Amen. Hallelujah. It's it's shaped like a human body. Amen. Hallelujah. And all this begin to form in a body shape. And this body shape was called in the scholars teaching the logos. And the logos that went out of God. Right? Hallelujah. The next slide. In other words, a better word for it was what we call a theophony. There he says again. He says it again. The logos is actually the theophony of God. Exactly. Hallelujah. It's the same thing. Hallelujah. It's a body where God dwelt in. Theophony is a human body that's glorified. Amen. Not exactly with flesh and blood like it will be in our glorified stage. But Venom qualifies his statement. Theophony is not is not the our glorified body because our glorified body is nothing but our human body glorified. Now the theophony you don't have to glorify theophony because it's already glorious. It's already a glorious body. Hallelujah. It's already glorified in its original state. Amen. So uh there goes a difference. It's different from the glorified body. Uh said not exactly with flesh and blood like it will be in its glorified state but it is a form of a human body that doesn't eat neither does it drink. But it's a body a body that's waiting for us as soon as we live this one. Right. Amen. Hallelujah. Now in there we enter into that body and that's the kind of body that God was. So God was in a body. At first he was a spirit and then out of this eternal spirit came out the logos of God. Now now that logos had a form. Hallelujah. And the form of it was like a human body. Amen. Okay, clear and and that's a kind of body uh um now in there he said we enter into that body right 2 Corinthians 5:1 after we leave this body then we go to another body and it's an eternal body it's the very same exact same body that God had in the beginning hallelujah the very log goas Yes sir. Of God. Right. Hallelujah. For he said next slide please. For he said let us make man in our own image and in our likeness. So if God was theophony when he created man he created man as theophony. Amen. The very exact image and likeness of God. Right. Amen. Hallelujah. He was he had an eternal body. Man had to have an eternal body too. Hallelujah. Uh and in the beginning was the same. He was that great spirit fountain where all the tress, all the love, all the peace, everything that was pure was in this fountain. And then it became to form a body, a theophony. The kind of body that we go to, not a glorified body, but an angelic body like that had shape and form. Amen. It's an angelic body. Hallelujah. The same bodies that the angels have. This is eternal body has shape and form. Okay, let's go to the uh um next slide. Let's talk about Peter's angel. Yeah. You know, one time they killed John, the brother of James. And and they arrested uh Hero arrest had Peter arrested next, right? Of course, uh you all know what's going to happen next. He was put in prison. He he he'll be put out on trial. And the next thing they're going to kill him. Hallelujah. And so the Bible, we read in the Bible where the church got desperate. That's right. And they prayed day and night. Hallelujah. For Peter's deliverance. They prayed for Peter that God would set him free. Because if not, it would mean a certain death to him. Hallelujah. So they they were praying in a house in the house of uh um of Mary um John's mother and u they were all praying and as they were praying God performed a miracle. Right. Amen. That's right. And I mean u there was uh a series of uh doors u uh uh that that uh leads out of the p the prison and there were guards st station at every door. But the angel of the Lord, an angel of the Lord appeared to Peter and broke the chains, right? And he accompanied Peter, gave him instructions to follow him. And they they they both went through the doors together. Y and then when it came to the to the great uh uh uh steel door that leads into the city, we read in the Bible that that it came out open in its own accord. It was like an electronic door that came open in its own accord. Hallelujah. And and Peter was set free by the angel of the Lord in a supernatural way. And here comes Peter knocking on the house of the on on the gate on the door of the house where they were having a prayer meeting. Hallelujah. Can you imagine the brothers and sisters were all praying, "Oh Lord, set Peter free." Yeah. Yeah. And the Lord set him free and he was at the door knocking and and and one young sister recognized his voice and she went and told the brothers and sisters that were praying for Peter and said, "Answered prayer. Peter is at the door." Hallelujah. Knocking. Exactly. And here's what they told him. you are mad. Hallelujah. And sometimes I think if this is not the case with us, right? Amen. We pray for something and God answers our prayers and we think it's incredible when it happens. Hallelujah. Verse 14, we read, "And when she knew Peter's voice, she opened not the gate for gladness, but ran in and told how Peter stood before the gate." And here's uh here's their response. Verse 15, "And they said unto her, thou art mad." This what you're telling us is impossible. Hallelujah. because Peter is in jail and tomorrow he might die. Hallelujah. But they just prayed for Peter. I was thinking of the day when uh I asked the deacon board and the elders of the church in a meeting to uh look for a a lot. I told them look for at least 800 square meters. And uh where we're living in in the city of Pacig um the cost of real estate is uh astronomical. I mean there's and and they were thinking it's not just not possible for us to be able to buy a lot that big in order to build our church on it. Well, in 2009 there was a flood. Uh I we were talking about the monsoons in the Philippines and and uh uh I think about uh three months amount of rain uh poured in 3 days time and so it flooded the the the the whole Metro Manila and there was 8 ft of water in h in our house and uh uh where we used to hold services in the school we kept all our stuff, musical instruments, sound system in a storage in the school and uh the school grounds got flooded. There was 10 ft of water in the schools and we lost all our equipment. We lost we just lost everything and and uh and the need was urgent. Sure. Something in me, right? Kept telling me now you need to move. Now you need to find a place. Right. And so I had an emergency meeting and I said not not less than 800 square meters look look for a lot and uh that to be to uh the cost of a lot 800 square square meter big in in uh in uh in in Pasik City uh would be about uh uh maybe 56 million peso pesos which would be about how much would that about 100 140 150,000 dollars and that's a lot of money in the Philippines. That's a lot of money here. Amen. It's a lot of money in the Philippines. So the the the brothers, you know, the officers in our church, the they would say, "Yes, pastor, we're going to look for a lot as you wish." You know, but they would talk behind my back. We would pray but after praying and we we dismissed they would talk behind my back and say I think brother has lost it. [Laughter] But praise God today we have a beautiful church. Brother uh uh uh brother Sam and brother uh brother Wade they they they saw the pictures. Amen. Amen. And uh uh the Lord uh provided not just 800 square meters but 1,250 square meters of property and the Lord provided for everything. Amen. Hallelujah. What am I trying to tell you? When you you pray for something, you believe it. Exactly. You believe God's promise and count on God to keep his promise. Hallelujah. Amen. But the first Christians, they found it hard to believe that but that Peter was actually knocking on the door. And they said, "Thou art mad." But then she constantly affirmed that it was even so. And then said, "They, it is his angel." Yeah, that's not Peter. You must have seen his angel. [Laughter] Hallelujah. But if you continue reading, you find that uh uh Peter persistently knocked on the door and they found that it was truly Peter. Hallelujah. The Lord answered their prayer. Amen. Amen. This is prayer meeting. I understand. Amen. You have prayer requests tonight. Right. I'm here to tell you the Lord is going to answer your prayer. Amen. Hallelujah. But uh what I meant to show you in these verses was that uh the the Jewish the the Hebrew people Next slide please. They thought that that young sister saw Peter's angel. And some people take this to mean guardian angels. Like uh when I was one and a half year old, I fell off the window. I was playing uh with a a flower pot. Uh flower on a on a pot, right? uh in in the in our ancestral home in the province and I fell up the window 15 feet. Wow. Uh onto a concrete pavement and uh um I was unconscious when my uh grandfather picked me up and they rushed me to the hospital on a carabal cart. The buggy. Oh, no. Uh uh carbal. It's a carbal. A water buffalo. Instead of a horse, we're using a wa a water buffalo. And it took me forever to reach the hospital. But before I even reached the hospital, I came too and I was I seem to be all right. But then my dad my grandfather uh uh uh wanted me to be thoroughly checked. they to to have an X-ray and back then, you know, it took a long time for the X-ray results to be to come back and but but but they waited because my grandfather wanted to make sure that I was all right. And when the uh when the results came back, here's what the do doctor told my grandfather. Your son uh your grandson, you're going to have a grandchild by him. Amen. Because the X-ray turned perfectly all right. There was nothing wrong. No fracture. Nothing wrong. I fell 15 feet. Hallelujah. Onto a concrete pavement. And people talked about it. They they even talked about it now. But they said, "I had a guardian angel that kept me safe. Maybe it caught me. That's right. Hallelujah. I know one thing. I have a theophony. Hallelujah. So in the Jewish in the Hebrew mind, Peter had an angel that looked like him. This was their concept. He had an angel that looked like him. That's why they saw they told the young sister, "It wasn't Peter. You saw you saw his angel." Yeah. Right. See So the Jews evidently had a concept of people's angel. People have angels that look like them. Yeah. These in actuality are supernatural bodies in which souls of the saved go to in death. Hallelujah. After you die and you leave this earthly body, you go to another body. Yeah. And that's if you're saved. And theophanes are commonly mistaken for ghosts. Yeah. Right. Because they're they appear to be doubles. People talk about doubles. Yeah. And and and and they think they're ghosts. Hallelujah. In Matthew chapter 18 verse 10, God's children have angels. Yeah. Let's look at this scripture. Matthew 18:10. Take heed that you despise not one of these little ones. Talking about the children of God. For I say unto you that in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my father which is in heaven. Amen. As we sit here tonight, our angels are in heavenly places. Hallelujah. They are beholding the face of the father in heaven. Our angels congregate in the presence of the father in heaven. Hallelujah. Right. Calls it our representation in heaven. Right. Hallelujah. It's like it's just like every country has a a lawmaking body or uh a congress or a senate. Right. Uh in a week all the citizens are represented in that congress. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why we have congressmen and senators to represent us. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that we have a congress in heaven. And each of us are represented in that congress. Hallelujah. Meaning all that we need of all our cares in this life, all our troubles, all our problems, hallelujah, are being communicated to our father in heaven. Amen. Hallelujah. You believe that our needs are being represented in heaven. Amen. Even as we sit in this assembly tonight. Hallelujah. We have angels. Hallelujah. That behold that behold the face of the father in heaven. These angels are our theophanies. Hallelujah. Next slide. Brother talks about our representation in heaven. Jehovah Gyra in 1964. He said, "And now we notice no matter what the others done, how they walked away, those disciples were predestinated, right? They were ordained to eternal life. No, they couldn't explain it. They could not explain everything." No. That's right. Huh? And that's why you don't expect me as a believer to be able to explain everything in a message. Hallelujah. There are things that we don't understand. Hallelujah. But there was something in them. Re said that representation in heaven. Exactly. Hallelujah. A thought that God had of them before the foundation of the world had manifested itself here and they were connected with God. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. That's our connection with God. Our theophony is our connection with God. Hallelujah. Of course, not all people have theophonies. Right? That's the reason not everyone has a connection, right? Hallelujah. with God. And that's the reason not everyone can understand the word. Correct? Hallelujah. Only those that have a representation in heaven, they can have a revelation. Right? Hallelujah. Because this representation is a thought that God had of you before the foundation of the world. Let me put it this way. It was like God took a picture of you. What said before the foundation of the world, before time even began, God took a picture of you, it it was uh what he had in mind of you etern in eternity. Hallelujah. That's your eternal form. Hallelujah. And your eternal form that is what you are going into. Hallelujah. When he took a picture of you before the foundation of the world, it was a perfect picture. Amen. Hallelujah. That picture, that image, hallelujah, is not smoking. Amen. That image is not weak and has arthritis or cancer or diabetes. Hallelujah. It was a perfect form. It was a perfect image. It was a perfect body. Hallelujah. eternal in the heavens. It was a thought that God had of them before the foundation of the world that had manifested itself here. And they were connected with God and were sure uh that that that was God's promise vindicated and nothing's going to change it from them. That's real genuine Christianity. Amen. Whatever God says we simply believe. Exactly. Hallelujah. And nothing can change that. Change that. Nothing can take that revelation away from us. Hallelujah. Not even believe the sign. That's where they got it wrong because they were believing the sign. The prophet did not say believe the sign. He said believe the voice behind the sign. Hallelujah. They took the sign that they forget about the voice. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. They took the sign but not the the not the theophony. Not the logos. Hallelujah. Next identified Christ of all the ages. But Baron said this. Look at the little woman. See, she had fallen from God's thoughts and she she could be redeemed. Right. She was a subject. Hallelujah. If you came from God's thoughts, you become subject to God. Hallelujah. She was a subject. But said she had representation in heaven. Hallelujah. She turned around. Look at the difference between her and them preachers or priests. Right. Right. There's a difference between this woman who people thought to be lowly. She was a a prostitute. Hallelujah. But there was a difference between her and those clergy people. Hallelujah. Them preachers when they saw it, they said, "Why? This man is a fortune teller." Why? Because they did not know the word. Right. Exactly. When the woman saw it, he said, "We know that when the Messiah cometh, he will do the things that you're doing." Hallelujah. You're the Messiah. Hallelujah. See the difference? The woman said, "You're the Messiah." Why? Because he had connections with God. He She had a representation in heaven. Hallelujah. And these clerics, they did not know the word. Hallelujah. Of course, they know the letter of the word. Perhaps this woman did not know anything about the Torah. Hallelujah. But these Pharisees, they knew the word. But Bam said they did not know the word. What he meant by that is that he they did not know the logos. Hallelujah. Because the logos is the thought behind the spoken word. Hallelujah. So you can be a master of the spoken of the written word without understanding the thought that is behind the word that's being spoken. Hallelujah. Amen. Two persons can be hearing the same sermon. Hallelujah. One goes out sour and the other one goes out rejoicing. Hallelujah. Like two per two persons can hear the same tape and one thinks brother Benham says he's an eagle and the other the next person thinks he's bann is saying he's a chicken. Hallelujah. Why is that? Hallelujah. You you need to catch the thought behind the word that was spoken. Hallelujah. And the thought behind the word that is the logos. The true meaning of the word the true idea and not some man's idea but God's idea about the spoken word. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that I have representation in heaven. Just like this woman. He had she had the representation in heaven and she recognized hallelujah. Hallelujah. The Messiah for her day. Amen. The others they said that's Bel Sabab Belub. Hallelujah. This man's a fortune teller. Next slide, please. The Jewish concept of the angel of the Lord is this. The Lord has an angel that looks like him. Clear? Hallelujah. It's a supernatural body where he lives in. From time to time in the Bible, he manifests himself to human beings through this body. Yeah. The theologians know this to be a temporary manifestation of God. Right. When you talk theophony, theophonyist to theologians, they're thinking so different from what we understand theopony to mean. Right. Right. Hallelujah. Well, to them, it's a temporary manifestation of God. To us, it's an eternal body. Right. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Of course uh uh they they can be right in a way because said theophony is the logos and the logos is created. Everything came out of that logos. Hallelujah. Amen. Whatever that logus speaks it it it came to be. Right. Right. Hallelujah. So the logos can speak fire and fire will be created. It will come to existence and God can use that fire to manifest himself. Amen. Like Moses saw the Lord in a burning bush. That's right. Hallelujah. God could speak the logos could speak and cloud uh cloud will be created. Amen. And God can use that same cloud to manifest himself. That's why uh in the Exodus, God manifested as a pillar of cloud during the day and a pillar of fire during the night. Hallelujah. These are temporary. They say temporary manifestations of God because that logos can create anything and God can can use that creation to manifest himself. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's look at Genesis 3:8. It says, "And they heard the voice of God walking in the garden in the cool of the day." Have you ever seen a voice walking? Yeah. But this is no ordinary voice. Right? This is God's presence. Amen. This is the voice of the Lord God. This is the logos, the word itself, the Lord of God walking in the garden of the cool in the cool of the day. And Adam and his five hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden. Brother Brenon when he made an exposition of this verse says this was the presence of the Lord. This was the logos. Amen. It was uh it was uh actually a a physical presence. From which Adam and Eve could hide themselves from. Hallelujah. It was a form. It was a bodily form that has legs. That's why it's walking. Amen. Hallelujah. It wasn't just a voice. Hallelujah. But it was the logos, the form of God. Amen. in the form of a human being walking and fellowshipping with the children of God, Adam and Eve. And after they fell in sin, hallelujah, they started hiding from the presence of the Lord. Right? Hallelujah. Next slide. Mo Moses saw the back parts of a man. Right? In Exodus chapter 33 22-23 it says and it shall come to pass God was talking to Moses Moses while my glory passes by that I will put thee in a cliff of a rock and I will cover thee with my hand while I pass by and I will take away my hand and thou shalt see my back back parts but my face shall not be seen. If you look at my back parts, this was exactly what Moses saw. The back parts of a man sir. Hallelujah. So what did Moses do? Moses see the theophony of God. Amen. Gideon saw the angel of the Lord. Right. Hallelujah. Remember the concept of the of the Hebrews, God has an angel that look like God in in Judges 6:12 and also in verse 22 it says here and the angel of the Lord appeared is something that can appear and disappear. Right? Hallelujah. So the angel of the Lord appeared and said unto him, the Lord is with thee, thou mighty man of valor. And when Gideon perceived that he was an angel of the Lord, now take note of that phrase, the angel of the Lord. Gideon said, "Alas, oh Lord God, for because I have seen an angel of the Lord face to face." He was thinking he was he was going to die, right? Because he saw the angel of the Lord face to face. What he saw was a theophony. Right. God's theophony. Hallelujah. And Jacob even wrestled with the angel of the Lord. This was something that one could grapple with, something that Jacob could touch, and wrestle with. Hallelujah. Just like a man would wrestle against a fellow human being. Verse 24. And Jacob was left alone and there wrestled with a man with him until the breaking of day. And when he saw that he prevailed not against him who prevailed not against him, it was the angel of the Lord not be not not being able to prevail against Jacob. Think about it. Hallelujah. Jacob was the only man I know that wrestled against God and won. Exactly. Hallelujah. And he saw when he saw that he prevailed not against him. It was a physical battle, a physical struggle. He touched the hollow of his thigh. God touched the angel of the Lord. God touched the hollow of his thigh and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint as he wrestled with him. And you would think Jacob would let go then. No, no, not Jacob. And he said, "Let me go." After he disjointed the the uh the the tie of uh Jacob, for they break it. And Jacob said, he said, "I will not let me let thee go except thou bless me." Oh my. Look at this verse. Look at a man imposing his will upon the angel of the Lord. Hallelujah. Of course, we understand this was God trying Jacob, right? This was God trying to see how desperate Jacob was, right? Did he really want the blessing? Yeah. Hallelujah. And Jacob did everything to get the the uh uh what's that? The the birthright, right? And the blessing of his p father, right? Hallelujah. But more than that, he wanted the blessing of God. Hallelujah. He knew there was nothing he could do. Hallelujah. Without the blessing of God. Amen. And there's nothing you can do without the baptism of the Holy Spirit. That's right. Hallelujah. And sometimes God is just testing our wills. Hallelujah. Can we can we get by without the baptism of the Holy Spirit? Do you think Do you really think you can survive without God's blessing in your life? Do you really think you can make it to the rapture without the baptism of the Holy Spirit? Hallelujah. Right. So I believe just like Jacob, we need to be perseverant. We need to be desperate. Hallelujah. And not let go of God. Tonight you can get a hold of God and not let him go unless he bless you. Hallelujah. Impose your will upon God. Right? Hallelujah. If you're one of this, Hallelujah. You'll find out that your will it will not be contrary to God's will. Right. That God is just testing your will sometimes. Sure. Amen. It's testing your faith, your revelation. Do you really believe this? Do you really believe that it's for you today? God's blessing, the baptism of the Holy Spirit is still for you today. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Right. Sometimes he works in our circumstances to disjoint our lives. Oh yeah. Right. But what do we do after he disjoints our lives and frustrates our plans? Do we give up? Are we like Jacob? No. I won't let you go unless you bless me. Right. Amen. Oh my. Amen. So this was something physical that Jacob could hold on to could grapple with. Hallelujah. I told my people God actually tapped out on Jacob. [Laughter] Okay, Jacob. I bless you now. Now let me go. Hallelujah. God tapped out on Jacob. Hallelujah. And he said, "Let me go for the day breakth." And he said, "I will not let go let thee go except thou bless me." Now we go to the mighty angel of Revelations 10. The mighty angel of Revelations 10 is no ordinary angel. It is the Lord himself. Amen. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud, and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were a son, the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire, glorious, right? And he had in his hand a little book open, and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth. Right? We need to be familiar next slide with Bible terminology. When you come across the expression the angel of the Lord, it could mean the very person of the Lord or the Lord himself. Right? Amen. The angel of the Lord could mean the Lord himself. Think about it. Amen. Hallelujah. Right. Amen. Next slide. That's a rec reason we can say he is here. Who? The Lord Jesus Christ is here. Amen. Hallelujah. Right. Yes, sir. Why? Because he is the word. Amen. He is the low God. Amen. He's the theophony of God. Hallelujah. The angel of the Lord. Hallelujah. We're waiting for his glorified body to come, but he has already descended to earth to open the seals. Think about it. There was a presence in brother Ben's study. There was somebody there. Hallelujah. Was the angel of the Lord. Hallelujah. I believe it was the lamb of God. Oh yeah. The very person of the Lord Jesus Christ, right telling me that's wrong. What the what the theologians, the com commentary of of of Bible scholars that brother Brennham searchs out and and he wrote it down in his notes and he was ready to preach that the white horse rider was was Christ himself. Turned out to be the antichrist. Hallelujah. But somebody told him inside that study. Hallelujah. Right. I believe it's the same one that picked him up and said, "Go back to Jeffersonville." Hallelujah. To preach the mystery of the seals. Hallelujah. So we can say he is here. Amen. Amen. And yet we're we're waiting for his coming. We're waiting for his corporal body to come. Amen. But he has descended already in theophony form. Oh my. Hallelujah. That's right. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Let's talk about the angel of Exodus. Exodus 23:20. Behold, I send an angel before thee. This is God speaking to Moses. Behold, I send an angel before thee to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. Amen. Hallelujah. And you click on the word angel and uh the Hebrew word used there was mollock meaning messenger, a representative. A messenger, an angel. I like this last uh uh definition. The theophonyic angel. Hallelujah. An angel with a bodily form. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The angel of the Lord was the Lord himself in this case. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Now, who is this angel? Next slide. Who is this angel? Exodus 23:1. Now, the Bible gives us a hint of who this angel is. Beware of him. God is saying, "Beware of this angel. Obey his voice. Provoke him not for he will not pardon your transgressions for my name is in him. Amen. This angel bears my name and he forgives sins. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you aggravate him, he may not forgive your sins. Verse 22. If thou shalt indeed obey o obey his voice and do all that I speak, then I will be an enemy to your enemies and an adversary unto thine adversaries. Hallelujah. But only God can forgive sins. Hallelujah. Luke 7, look at this verse verse 48 and 49. He said unto her, "Thy sins are forgiven." The Lord Jesus was speaking to this woman, "Thy sins are forgiven." And they that they that sat at me with him began to say within themselves, "Who is this man? Who is this that forgiveth sins also?" Yeah. They only know one, right? Who can forgive sins? Oh yeah. But Jesus said, "Your sins are forgiven." [Laughter] Hallelujah. startling statement and the people that sat at meet with him were thinking who is this that can forgive sins also. [Laughter] So they knew only God can forgive sins. Hallelujah. But the fact that Jesus forgave sins on earth proved that he was deity. Amen. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Markapter 2:7. Why does this man speak blasphemies? People thought he was blaspheming God, Jesus. Who can forgive sins but God only? Right? So it's not that there was a God that can forgive sins and there was an angel who can forgive sins also. No, only God can forgive sins. But this God can manifest himself in a body. The angel of the Lord, hallelujah. And Moses was com commanded to be mindful of this angel. Hallelujah. Because he will not forgive your sins. If you disobey, he will not forgive you. Hallelujah. So who is this angel that forgiveth sins also? It must be the very person of God himself. Amen. Hallelujah. What about the angel that led Eleazar? Genesis 24:7. The Lord God of heaven which took me from my father's house. This was Eleazar speaking. And from the land of my kindred and uh oh no, this was Abraham speaking. And from the land of my kindred which spake unto me and that swear unto me, saying unto thy seed will I give this land. He shall send his angel before thee. Don't worry, Eleazar, you'll find a girl, right? Because God will send his angel before you and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from then. Hallelujah. God had to send an angel to guide Eleer to find a bride. Hallelujah. For Isa. Right. In the same way, I believe God sent an angel to guide brother Venom. Hallelujah. To lead him to the bride of Christ in this day. Hallelujah. It's not by accident that we got to hear the message of the hour. God had already planned it. Hallelujah. He did it by an angel. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Look at Ephesians chapter 2:6. It says here, "He has raised us up together and make us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus." Even as we sit here in Lula, Georgia, there's a part of us that's already sitting in heavenly places in Christ. Amen. Which part of us do you think it is? Hallelujah. Our earthly bodies are here in Lula, Georgia. But our theophonies, hallelujah, are sitting in heavenly places in Christ. You believe that? That's our representation. We are represented in heaven. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so thankful that we have a representation in heaven. Hallelujah. In the case of Revelations 10:1, the Lord's corporal body, the lamb, remained seated on the throne. Hallelujah. In heaven. But his theophony came down to open the seals. Does that make sense? That's why we can say he is here, but we're still waiting for him to come. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Now look here. John heard from his theophony. I believe John heard from his theophony. He was weeping. He was crying. He was very sad because no one was found worthy to open the book. But then there was somebody who spoke up. We read in verse five, one of the elders. Yeah. said unto me, "Weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, has prevailed to open the book, and lose the seven seals thereof," which made John jump for joy. his mood changed suddenly from weeping to rejoicing. Matter of fact, brother Benam when he when he uh uh uh described what happened, he said all the angels that was crying day and night holy and and and and praising God. Hallelujah. unceasingly their praises were drowned by the praises of John who said blessing and honor and riches and glory to the one hallelujah who who is who is uh uh worthy to open the book hallelujah just like the church John types the church hallelujah when the book was still closed and sealed he was crying. He was very sad. But when he found that that there was somebody that was worthy to open the book, right? Hallelujah. I like what brother Ron said during the meetings. We are the people of the open book. Hallelujah. Denominational preachers, they use the same book that we use. Yeah, but they're preaching from a closed book. Hallelujah. When you when you read and preach from a closed book, what do the people get? Nothing. Hallelujah. But we are the people of the open book. Hallelujah. And we like John should be rejoicing. Hallelujah. One of the elders said, "Weep not, John." Hallelujah. Have you ever wondered who this iller was? Theophony is the logos. In the beginning was the word and that word there was actually logos. The beginning was the word or the logos or the theophony and the word was with God and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God and all things were made by him and without him was anything made was not anything made that was made. Hallelujah. And brother Bellam speaks about King theophony. Hallelujah. Amen. I have a theophony. Amen. Butter Wade has one. But Sam has one. You have one. Hallelujah. But this is King Theophony. Yeah. Hallelujah. Amen. It's God's theophony. Now, since he has come in the flesh and receive his body up, Revelation 21:16, he's called the King of Kings. He's all three of them together. See, King God, King Theophony, King Jesus, he's the King of Kings. It's all met just like soul, body, and spirit all comes to make one. Right. So the word in John 1 verse one was King Theophony. Hallelujah. From which all things came from. Hallelujah. And were created. All things were created by him and for him. Hallelujah. And in in in John chapter 20 verse two, look at this characteristic way of John writing a book and not mentioning his name in the book. Right? John wrote the book of Gospel of St. John. Right? He's the he was the author of the Gospel of St. John. But every time he mentions his character, he says this. Then she runth and cometh to Simon Peter and to the other disciple, no name mentioned. Yeah. Whom Jesus loved. Of course, he was referring to himself. Think of it. He writes a book. And he doesn't even mention his name in the book. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I wonder about preachers in the message who like writing books and their names are bigger than brother Benham or bigger than Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Now this is the character of John. Right? Who writes a book and doesn't even want to mention his name in the book. Right. There was no insecurity in him. He knew who he was. Hallelujah. He was the disciple whom Jesus loved. Hallelujah. Amen. John 21:7 Therefore that disciple whom Jesus loved said unto Peter, it is the Lord. Now when Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord, he g his father's coat unto him, for he was naked and did cast himself into the sea. So every time he mentions his character, he doesn't mention his name. Right? In this next verse, John 21:20, then Peter turning about seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following, which also leaned on his breast at supper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrayeth thee? Right. Hallelujah. It was like Peter was getting annoyed by this disciple. He was getting too close to the Lord. Yeah. Hey, I'm the supposed to be the oldest of all the apostles. I got the keys to the kingdom of heaven. What is this disciples doing? Leaning on the breast of the savior. Oh my. Yet John when referring to himself did not mention his name. Hallelujah. And we are told that the 24 elders around the throne of God were the 12 patriarchs in the Old Testament and the 12 apostles in the New Testament. Hallelujah. Well, wasn't John one of the apostles? Right. And one of the elders told John, right? No mention of the name. Hallelujah. But I'm sure John heard from his theophony. Does that make sense? Ram said it. Who is this mechisedc? It says then after you recognize the very word of God was eagle food. He was talking about the message of the hour. Because we heard all kinds of theologies. Baptist theologies, Catholic theology, the Presbyterian, Methodist, Pentecostal theology. Hallelujah. And they were all right. But when you heard after you recognized the very word of God was eagle food, when you heard eagle food, then you left the other thing. You have then been formed into the living image of the living God. What happened? You actually heard from your theophony. Hallelujah. Where's your theophony? In heaven. Hallelujah. What was that theophony? Part of the log go. That was the picture God took of you before the foundation of the world. It was a perfect picture. It was an angel that represents you. Hallelujah. In heaven, sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. What was that? It's part of the word. It's the word speaking. It tells you of your portion of the word. Hallelujah. Like Christ came in the volume of the book which was spoken of him. You have a volume in the book. Hallelujah. That was spoken of you. By what? By the logos. By King Theophony. Right. Hallelujah. This is the way I look at it. I take a p piece of paper and I call that king theophony and I I I tear it to pieces and the pieces are also theophies. Those are our theophonies. Our theophonies together make up the king theophony. You and I together coming together make up the word of God. The logos of God. Hallelujah. Right. That's why it excites me to hear better venom say your little lick of fire and my little lick of fire. We they come together. Hallelujah. He didn't say it this way. Hallelujah. But I think your little lick of fire with my little lick of fire together with others little lick of fire licks of fire forms the pillar of fire. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You heard from your theophony and this if this earthly body be dissolved we have one waiting. Hallelujah. That's the reason no matter the difficulty the hardship hallelujah all the challenges that this body has to go through we still have hope in Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. We can have our mind pop set on heavenly things. Set on the word, set on our theophony. Hallelujah. When brother Dale preaches, hallelujah. And you cut the revelation. What happened? You heard from your theophony. It's your theophony speaking back to you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory. Please forgive me for being so excited. Hallelujah. Brother said, "We bypass our theophonyies." Who is this? Mechisedc. He said, "Now the difference between him and you as a son. He was at the beginning the word anorphy body. He came in and lived in that person of Melkisedc. And then later we never heard of no more of Mechisedc because he became Jesus Christ. Mechisedc was the priest and he became Jesus Christ. Now you bypass that because in that form he knowed all things and you have never been able to know that yet. You come like Adam, like me. Said you became from attribute to the flesh to be tempted. Here's what happened. This is a very attribute. This is our soul. Our souls are attributes of God. Hallelujah. And God meant for the soul to have a body like he had a body. Right? Hallelujah. And this is the theophony. This is our body. Okay. And and and the Lord Jesus, he came from attribute from spirit. He came he he came came into his theophony and then his theophony became flesh. From from this theophony he created a body of flesh. Hallelujah. And then he dwelt in that body. Right. Right. The eternal spirit, the theophony dwelt in the body, the fleshly body of the Lord Jesus Christ. But with us, with Adam, brother Benham likened himself to Adam. Here was Adam's attribute and he was supposed to go through his theophony but he bypassed that to go directly to the body of flesh. Hallelujah. Amen. Because in this form B says you know all things. If you're tried you'll never fall. Why? Because you know you're omnisient in this form. That's why you had to bypass that and go directly to your fleshly bodies to be tried and tempted in this light. So we can fall in sin. Hallelujah. But praise God. Even in our fallen condition, our fleshly bodies may have fallen but our theophony is never. Yes. Right. Amen. Our theophonyies is still in its original states. Amen. In its original form, original image of God. Hallelujah. And it remains in the presence of almighty God. And that bea becomes our connection when we're after we're born again. Hallelujah. We become aware of our theophonies. Before convention, we don't even know that we have this. Right? We only mind earthly things. We don't think of heavenly things. Hallelujah. But after our convention, we don't mind earthly things anymore. We look at the things that are unseen. Amen. Hallelujah. We look at every promise of the word we have, God has for us. Oh my. Hallelujah. Now you bypass that because in that form he knowed all things. That's why Jesus did not fall in sin. Because he did not bypass his theophony. We did. Amen. Hallelujah. And you have never been able to know that yet. But hallelujah. You know this better said you have never been able to know that yet. Right. That means it's coming. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You come like Adam, like me. You become, you became from the attribute to the flesh to be tempted. But when this life is finished here, if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting. That's where we go to. That is the word. That is the logos. Amen. That is the theophony. Then we can look back and see what we've done. Now we don't understand it. We have never become the word. We just become the flesh man, not the word. And look clearly makes it clear to you. We'll never be the word unless you was a thought at the beginning. You see the insinuation. We will eventually we become the word. We are becoming the word and you can never become that unless you are a thought at the beginning. All right. That proves the predestination of God. You cannot be the word unless you're a thought. You had to be in the thinking first. But you see, in order to stand temptation, you had to bypass the theophony and you had to come down here in flesh to be tempted by sin. Amen. All that the father had given me will come to me and I will raise him up at the last day. See, you had to be first. Hallelujah. Before the foundation of the world, his name's put on the lamb's book of life. Then from that he become the word, the theophony that could appear, disappear, and then he become flesh and return back again. resurrected that same body in a glorified condition. But you bypass the theophony and became flesh man to be tempted by sin. Amen. It says it over and over again. You bypass your theophony to be tempted by sin. And then if this earthly tabernacle is dissolved, we have one already waiting. We have not yet the bodies. But look, when this body receives the spirit of God, the immortal life inside of you, it throws this body in subjection to God. Hallelujah. When you see the Holy Ghost, that immortal life inside of you, throws this earthly body in subjection to the word of God. Hallelujah. Next, we're we're closing by this. Jesus and us. Jesus Christ came from being an attribute soul to theophony to human flesh. Adam and the believer came from being an attribute which is soul to human flesh. They both came in a body of flesh to be tempted by sin. Hallelujah. What's the difference? Jesus overcame. Jesus knowing all things overcame. Adam with his limited knowledge fell. Right? We too fell because be like Adam, we bypass our theophony. But we've always felt a tug in the inside that calls us to a better life. Hallelujah. The tug within us. Oh, he done something. He done had something moving in his heart. If you ever get it moving in your heart, you won't care who tries to stop you. That's right. If God begins to tug at your heart and you begin to move with that tug, there ain't nothing in the world in in in in that's in hell going to hold you down. You are going anyhow. Hallelujah. All that the father has given me will come and no man can come except my father draws him. So there you are. You feel a tug at your heart. I'm asking you as a Christian brother. If it is raise to your feet and say I want you to pray for me, brother Ben better. Hallelujah. Your soul connects with your theophony. Your soul is yearning. You are not in your right place. Hallelujah. You are groaning in this body, waiting for the redemption of your body. There is a redemption of our body. We're waiting for our body change. Hallelujah. What a promise. What an absolute promise. Better bam says it is to believe in Christ and to to have my heart say amen to every word that is in his book. You can say amen to every word because you are part of the word. Exactly. Hallelujah. He was the logus that came logos came out that came out of God and you are part of that logos. Hallelujah. You've got to be born, regenerated, baptized with the Holy Ghost into Jesus Christ, quickened to every word. Your spirit in you will punctuate amen to every word of the Bible because you're part of the word. Hallelujah. Christ in you. And it's Christ that God's look at not you. Hallelujah. God looks at Christ the logos. Hallelujah. And that was the perfect picture, right? God took of you in the beginning. Hallelujah. It's not you in your present stage. Hallelujah. But Christ but God looks at Christ. Amen. God looks at you. You are marred. Amen. You're right. You're not in your right place. That's right. But he's not looking at this flesh. He's not looking at our present life. Right. Hallelujah. He looks to eternity. Hallelujah. Amen. So if there's no, it's Christ. So if there's no fault in him, how can there be fault? How can he find fault when you are dead in your life? Your you're dead and your life is hid in Christ through God sealed by the Holy Ghost. They that are born of God does not commit sin for he cannot sin. How can he sin when a perfect sacrifice is laying in his place? Blessed is the man to whom God will not impute sin. Amen. Hallelujah. God never looks at me. He looks at Christ because we are in Christ. Amen. and he can't lose me. Now, if I love Christ, I live with him. He had never brought me in less he knowed. If God saved me today knowing he was going to lose me six weeks from today, he's defeating his own purpose, right? He don't even know the future. Then if you save me knowing what's he want to save me for, knowing he's going to lose me. Yeah. God doesn't do things and then take it back and too weak to keep his promise. When he saved you, it's for time and eternity. I say amen to that. Amen. Amen. You in God and you the way you look or who you are or what your name is. That was God's thinking before the foundation of the world. And Jesus came not to save the whole thing, right? He wanted to, but he come to redeem and to bring back them that was in his thoughts before the beginning. That's the reason he was the word made flesh. God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. The word, God's thinking of how he would do it. He expressed himself in Jesus Christ. It was God becoming material. And I believe God is becoming material in the bride. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. This is the bride coming of Christ. The fleshly body is subject to theophony. Hallelujah. We are carnal and that part must perish. But then inside we have a spirit man soul inside and that's faith in God's word. Then we bring our outside body under a subjection to that word by faith. How many can say amen to this statement? By accepting what God said. That's why we read in 1 Corinthians 9:27, "But I keep under my body and bring it into subjection, lest by any means when I have preached to others, I myself should be a cast away." Amen. We heard from our theophony. Right. Amen. And was what did it say? Come up hither. Yeah. That's right. You don't belong there. You're an eagle. You're not a chicken. Right. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bring your thoughts up here. Never mind what's happening on earth today. Right. Hallelujah. Amen. Don't worry about Obama. Yeah. Come on, brother. Right? Don't don't worry about uh uh uh the programs the government have today. Don't worry about the next pope. Right? Hallelujah. Focus your minds. Hallelujah. Set your minds on things that are above. Hallelujah. You have to think of our representation. Hallelujah. We are not earthly beings. Amen. Hallelujah. We have been fashioned according to the image and likeness of God. Amen. Hallelujah. We are sons and daughters of God and we are represented in heaven. Thank God for the message. Hallelujah. Because it lifted us up to to to our rightful position in in Christ Jesus. Amen. Right. I asked the musicians to come. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise. I think I did pretty good. Thank God. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Let's all stand. for in the red book of redemption. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's sing it. Nations are breaking. Amen. Israel's awaking. The signs in the Bible fortold. Thank you, Jesus. Gentiles days numbered with her comfort eternal. The day of redemption is near. His hearts are failing for fear. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Lord, [Music] your victory is Amen. You believe it? The day of redemption. Realizing who she is. return. And what does it matter what the rest of the world? Like our brother said, who's who's worried about the next pope? Who's worried about the next things? He's taking care of us all the way. Your lamb's dream. Look up. Anybody have a need? We heard a great message. Now come and reap the benefits of it. any beyond the sky. God's church is a power that's changing this hour. Redemption is chaos. Redemption is near. Men's hearts are failing for fear. Be filled with the spirit. your lamp. Anybody have a [Music] need prophets are lies? God brought truth there tonight. And Jesus the Christ is our God. They're denying the truth of the word of God. Who he is. Destroying the word of God. Hallelujah. A little bride. not worry. She's walking right down the line. She's heard from her theophony. [Music] See, then we just walk right on down the road. We don't have to worry about a thing. That's right. Sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. I'd rather be here than to be in heaven. Oh, yeah. You know, that's hard to say, isn't it? But think about it. This is where God's at. Amen. He's left there to come in here condescending, right? And he's here with his people. Amen. What a day. What do we got, brother? Let's sing. Jesus is coming soon. 288. Troublesome times are here. Filling men's hearts with fear. Now let's say humble your heart. Think about [Music] it. Jesus is coming. We know he's already here. But there is a coming to be finished. When we meet him in the hour, all be over with all beyond. [Music] It's coming. Let's see. Let's see if God is real. Take him in his word. signs come to pass. You just believe [Music] it. Jesus come morning or night or day. Many will be there. Prophets will shine. All the dead shall rise [Music] like see everything's happening here. I want to be where he's at. He's here getting ready to take us there and move on out. Anybody else that have a need? and glory to share. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or no, many will be. Trumpets will sound. All of the dead shall rise. Watch me in the sky. Going over troublesome times are here. Filling men's heart with Anybody else that have a need? Oh dear. Prophet of God said, "God rather heal us than the fact of us wanting to be healed." He more desires to heal us than even our own thoughts. But we got to believe it and just believe it and say, "Thank you." Say, "Thank you, Lord. Then he can come on and sing and make it manifest. [Music] Amen. You believe it? Amen. Let's give our brother a good hand. We believe the word. We thank God for the word. Cuz what else is it beside the word? What would it be any good if you had all the riches of the world? It's going down fast. What good would it be? It'd just be a vapor. What if you had good health? It's just going to be going down, deteriorating it, you know, deteriorating, just going away. But to have his word, he said he sent his word and healed us during the Psalms and delivered us from destruction. Amen. Send his word. Amen. Thank God for the word. Amen. You believe that? Just tell our brother how much you appreciate him. We appreciate him coming, being with us. And I pray that the Lord would bless him as he travels along and and preaching the word of the Lord. And we just thank God for the word that he's given us that we can walk in it, right? Amen. Let's just be dismissed. Father, we thank you for this day. We thank you for our brother that has brought the word unto us tonight. We believe your word. We thank you. And Lord, we believe that your brother believes. So we just thank you for that. That we could hear somebody talk about themselves and what they believe and what their thoughts. And we ask you now to bless each one. Bless our brother and his wife as they continue on their journeys while here in the States. Lord, Lord, just be with them. Take care of them. give her all the the love and guidance and mercy that could be given to them that they would Lord be in perfect harmony with you to walk in the light of your love. We love you and we thank you. Dismiss everybody. Give us a all a safe journey home and that our lives Lord then just reflect you around that home that everybody could see you and want to be like you. We love you and we thank you. We commit it to you now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You're dismissed. Ain't God good? Amen. Ain't God to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to love and praise him. [Music] Oh my god. [Music]
