################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - 25-0420 - A Body Hast Thou Prepared Me - Wade Dale - Wade Dale - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   25-0420 - A Body Hast Thou Prepared Me - Wade Dale
Speaker: Wade Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uclebr-Sm1k
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Just as it was then, they just refused to take that weight. Something wrong with one of his ears. Well, he went to his doctor and his doctor uh waited on him for a number of weeks and it grew worse. Finally, the doctor said, "I got to send you to a specialist." And when the specialist diagnosed the case, it was some great medical name that I don't believe if I knew it, if I could say it, I'd have to have it wrote out and practice on an hour to spell it. then you wouldn't know what I said when I spelled it or said it cuz I wouldn't know what it was to begin with. But it was something wrong in his ear that would have taken his life. And he said the case is far advanced. And I don't know of anybody that could give the case a third diagnosing to see if it's really the truth or not. But a certain man that lives in St. Louis, a doctor The boy rushed quickly to St. Louis. This doctor had retired and he went to New Orleans. He's a Southerner, so he went back down to New Orleans. The boy got a plane quickly and rushed to New Orleans. The old doctor looked at it, said, "They have diagnosed it right, son, and it's far advanced." And the young fellow said, "Doctor, will you make the operation?" He said, "No, son. I cannot do it. My hand is not steady enough. He said I don't know but one man in the whole world that could perform this operation. He said that man is in New York City now going in imbarcation for 6 months vacation in Europe and I don't know whether you even catch him and if you even catch him whether he would even do the operation. He's the only man that I know of of this rare disease could perform this operation and you cannot wait. You'll be dead within 6 months. He said, "Get on the phone. Call him. Do something. I don't want to die. Get a hold of him somehow." And they finally caught the doctor and he consented to do the operation. Now, when this young man was talking to the old doctor and he told him what his trouble was, and there was only one man that could perform the operation. He didn't look at the old doctor like some people look at a minister when he tells him that Jesus is the only way to be saved. He didn't look at the doctor and say, "Very nice speech, doctor. I certainly enjoyed your talk. I'll come back to hear you at another season." Now, that's way people take Christianity. But if you only realized that is death to reject that way. That's the reason Peter said, "Who would we go to? For you alone has eternal life." Amen. You're the only one and the only way that God has laid down and that's eternal life. Now, we must remember that he is the way. And if you're in Christ, you come in Christ by being born into Christ. Now, there's no need to telling a people a way and what is the way unless you tell them how to get into it. Now, you're born into Christ. You become a part of him. You become a new creature or a new creation when you're born in the kingdom of God. You become a part of Christ. Amen. When I was born in the Brandon family, I become a Brandon by birth. That's where you become part of Christ. And the way you get in the way by new birth. Amen. Amen. That's right. That's how you get in the way. And Jesus said, "I am the way." We could stay a long time on that. But the next thing he is, he's the truth. There's nothing nobody else has truth but him. Amen. Oh, I know we got religions today. go about and say, "Well, now we're the truth. We got the truth." We go to one church, they say, "We have the truth." Go to another church, they say, "Our creeds, we got the truth." We go to another, we got the catechism of old, we got the truth. Jesus said he was the truth. Amen. So, you cannot have truth till you have Jesus. How do you get him? By being born again. But you can't have truth till you have Jesus. You can't have be in the way until you're in Jesus. How do you get into him? By one spirit. We're all baptized into one body. Then you're in Jesus. Then you're in the way. Then you're in the truth. Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and another thing. The third thing Jesus, we have to come to him. He's the only life there is." That's right. All we want to different with that, but it's true. Jesus is the only light there is. You say, "I'm a Russellite Camelite." Whatever you might be, it's a false light. [Music] You might be in the Russellite church. You might be in the Camelite church or some other light church. But until you get in Jesus, you're not in light. You're still in darkness. You don't have light till you come to him. For he is the way, the truth, and the life. I'm the only way to God. No man cometh to the father except by me. So you can't go to God. You can't go to heaven. You have to get in the way. And Jesus is that way. Amen. He is the only truth that there is. And he's the only light, the only true light. The only true manifested light is Jesus Christ. Amen. We have Mormon light. We have Methodist light. We have Baptist light. We have Pentecostal light. We have all kinds of lights. But Jesus is the true light. Amen. He's the only light. We are the children. If we are born again, we're the children of the day. The children of the world walk in darkness. They walk at nighttime. They love darkness. The Bible said that man love people love darkness more than they do light because the light would manifest their deeds. Let the sun come up and every old lizard, every old uh bug, insects of the dark kingdom crawls at night will take under something. That's the same way when the gospel light begins to shine. ever evil deal try to crawl under something. That's it. Or they say we got we got light because we we live at night time. If you walk in the light at night time, you're walking under a artificial light. There's only one true daylight. That's the sunlight. There's only one true Christian light and that is the light of the son of God. He's the only true light. Yes, in his life. that as sure as the sunlight produces life. All botney life comes out with sunlight. Last year it was and how the winters froze and everything. But as soon as the sun begin to bathe up on the earth, what happened? New life comes up. New I was talking to a man, Mr. Woods, back there was down in Kentucky. I met a man and he was supposed to be an infidel. I heard he just passed on and he Mr. Woods went up and asked him if we could squirrel hunt on his place. He said, "Sure, you can squirrel hunt banks. Go right on." He said, "I brought my pastor along." He said, "You don't mean you got so low down wood, so you have to have a preacher with you all the time." And um he said, "Uh, I got out of the car and walked over there and there's an apple tree." He and another old gentleman was sitting under and so I picked up an apple and began to eat it and he was talking to me and I entered Brother Woods introduced him as said uh meet the our pastor and I said how do you do so and we talked a little bit and he began to talk about well that he had never went to church and he didn't notice he'd missed anything. I said oh yes you have. I let him talk a little while and after a while he said, "You know, there was a preacher who came here to Camelsville or to uh act in a little city up here on the Methodist campgrounds. I'm set that preacher was never in this country before." And one night while he's up there preaching at three nights meeting, he looked back down through the crowd and seen a woman sitting there and told her that she was praying for her sister who lived up here on the hill dying with a cancer. Says, "You got a handkerchief in your pocketbook and said, "Take that handkerchief and lay it on the woman and she'll be healed." Said that morning, wife and I were up there and said, "We turned that old woman in a sheep. She hadn't been out of bed for 2 years or more. Cancer of the stomach. She couldn't even keep water on her stomach. And it said the sister got up from the meeting and left that night and came up and laid the handkip on the woman and said the next morning she was cooking eggs and bacon and making breakfast and eating and said she's been up there. This is three or four years ago. and said, "She's still well." [Applause] He said, "Now, if he ever comes in this country again, I'm going to hear him." Said, "Because he produced something that made it look a little more than just a bunch of words to read. It introduced something that was a living and alive." How did he ever know she lived up there on the hill? I looked over brother Woods and shook my head and I was standing there full of mud and squirrel blood and everything from hunting. He never had an idea it was me up there preaching. So he he stood there a little bit or sat there rather and I said sir you mean if you could see something that was look God God did something supernatural. Oh yes. He said that make me believe. I said yes sir. I said how old is this apple tree? He said 30s something years I planted it there so and such a year. I said every year it comes brings up apples. Yes. I said this is just about the middle of August. We haven't had one freeze or one cold spell. I said we haven't had any weather at all but hot summer. And tell me why. How is it that those leaves are dropping off that tree? He said the sap's gone back into the ground. I said, "If it didn't go back, then that tree would die in the winter time." That's right. Sap stay at the tree, kill it. It has to go down into the roots and hide. I said, "You tell me what makes that sap here in the middle of the summer. What intelligent sends it down into the roots to live through the winter to come back next spring to bring me another crop of apples? I'll tell you, it's the same spirit that told me to go tell that woman to go lay that handkerchief on her. It's the same God. He said, "You're not that preacher." I said, "Yes, sir, I am." I said, "You see, you look for something out in a meeting, but God's right around you everywhere. You just can't keep from seeing it." Yeah. Watch nature. Now, some people might refuse to walk in the sunlight. What if there be such a person that would say, "Oh, the sun's not shining." No, sir. I don't believe it. And run into his basement say, "I'll only come out when it gets dark. When I come," He refuses the help of the sun. That's right. Well, if he does, that's that's just his own stupidity. That's all. The sun's shining. Somebody come the wind and holler. Come out, try. The sun is shining. I refuse to believe such nonsense. That's fanaticism. Now, he certainly misses the warmth of the sun. He certainly misses the life-giving rays that it gives. He certainly misses the beauty that it shows and the life that it brings forth. That's the way a man or woman trying to go to heaven through a creed, trying to go to heaven through a church without Jesus. You can't do it. He is the way, the truth, and the life. As sure as the su n brings forth all plant life, the s o n brings forth eternal life. He alone has eternal life. That's why we should come to him. We'll miss it to a church. We'll miss it to a creed. We only can come to him and find eternal life. He alone, Peter said, you're the only ones got it. That's the reason we're here for it. We come to you to receive it. Now, you watch when that sunlight begins to shine while there isn't there isn't a seed in the ground. We want to live. It can't help it. You put a sidewalk down your road, down your path, pour it over with concrete, make it 4 foot wide, and you let the sun go to shining and the grass come up. Where you got your most grass? Right along the edge of it. What is it? It's those roots. You can't hide life from the sun. Amen. That sun goes to shining them little roots their way out for 100 yards if necessary and they'll come up. That's the grass that was under the sidewalk. Amen. That's the one was under there. The lights are shining. And when light shines, life comes to its existence. And when the son of God shines upon a heart, hallelujah, eternal life comes to existence. I am the way, the truth, and the life. There's three reasons we should come. The fourth is Jesus is the only safe and secure foundation that anything can be built on. That's right. It's the only foundation that can be built upon. All other foundations is sinking sands. On Christ's solid rock I stand. All other grounds is sinking sands. A lot of people build up on riches. They try to work. See how much money they can make. They say if I can't spend it, my children can behind me. What does it do? It re leads to slavery. You become a slave to your money. Many people don't maybe you don't have to be a millionaire to be that. You can just covet money and you're just as guilty as a millionaire. See, there's just as many pennys as there is millionaires or being held. Amen. Because it's your attitude toward you what God has given you. Now, if you build it up on riches, it'll fall. Then there's a great thing that this America is trying to build up on. is trying to build up on the foundation of popularity. Young girls, young boys, they look at the the television stars, movie stars, try to act like them, dress like them, impersonate them. What does it do? Leads to a ruined life. Amen. A chaos. It stumbles and hay which will be burned at the judgment. Jesus is the only foundation. Yes. The only sure foundation. That's the reason we should come to him. Nobody else has that foundation. Riches doesn't have it. Popularity doesn't have it. And today we got so much building foundation. All we want, we just American people just can't do nothing Sunday. They got to they got to build a fancy God to do this. What are you doing? You realize what you're building is going to be blown to bits pretty soon. That foundation is crumbling sands. Many of us building up on education. We can't even get teachers going to school. We're talking about that's all right. School's all right in its place, but it'll never take the place of Christ. Nursery. Now, we got can't even get teachers. Our teenagers are so rough. The people won't even try to teach them. Little Oswald and and and Les and all of them. They'll run the teacher out of the building. They'll set up a protest. They'll strike. They'll close up the school. I don't blame them. I wouldn't hit the school teacher either if I could get out of it. But we're talking about education now. That's all right. Education. We don't want a bunch of literacy, but we want education in its place. Yes. But the trouble is today, we tried to educate our pull pit. And when we did, we took the way out. And Christ is at foundation in that way. When we put education, education's all right. But listen, many times education leads to the demon of education. And that demon of education leads you to a know- all. And when you get there, then you become an infidel and deny Christ. Amen. So you can't build up on the foundation of education. You can't we build it up on political power. You say, "Well, my I'm so interested. I'm a Democrat. I'm a Republican. I'm Both parties is rotten." There's only one foundation built up on Christ. This nation don't need to build up on any other foundation of Jesus Christ. Amen. Right. No other foundation is laid. No, the foundation is you get to heaven on. No, the foundation is secure, but the foundation of Jesus Christ. Some time ago in New York, I was riding along with a friend of mine, ministered. I said, "Oh, that great building. Oh," I said, "Look at that. It's probably 50 stories or 60." "Oh, it's a mammoth big place. How beautiful it is." I said, "Well, there's no one in there." He said, "No, and there won't be." I said, "What's the matter? you give me the estimation what that building approximately cost in the millions to build that building. Well, I said why didn't somebody move into it? Said as soon as the building got almost completed, all the outside polished and everything said they come to find out that the foundation wasn't right. It' been laid up on some kind of a soap stone, not a real stone. Therefore, the building was condemned and said it's only served for one thing. That's for the contractor to climb at the top of it and jump off to commit suicide. No matter how good the outside looks, there's not another foundation. Amen. That's sure, but the foundation of Jesus Christ. He is the real foundation to be built upon. Mexico, a beautiful city. I was in here a couple years ago where a little dead baby. I picked up a man down in the city a while ago, drunk as he could be. bring him up and he said I seen you stand one time reverent doctor or something other he's cast Catholic he said and said bring a little dead girl back to life again I said I've always respected you I said do you know Jesus he said I'm Catholic I said I never asked you what church you belong to I said did you know Jesus and I told him the story of this little Catholic woman standing out there at 9:00 in the morning with a dead baby in her arms until 10:30 that it pouring down rain and how the Lord brought that little baby back to life again. I wouldn't let him announce it till the doctor announced it said the baby died. He announced it dead at 9:00 that morning. This is that night at 10:30 and the little baby's living today as far as I know now. And in that city, it's a beautiful city, but the buildings are all beginning to set backward because they were so interested in getting a modernday architect to get the building pretty and polished, which I doubt if there's any place in the world could beat it, and beauty, but they failed to go deep enough to get on the rock. Amen. That's what's our churches today, friend. Amen. That's what's the matter of Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarines. We've got to dig as individuals and don't depend on our churches. Amen. We've got to dig ourselves until we strike that rock that Jesus said, "Upon this rock, I'll build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against." He is the only true foundation. Truly. And another thing, fifthly, I have to say this. He is the only successful and secured happiness and peace. That's the reason we come to him. Oh, I know you can laugh like an idiot or you can get out your life till you go into hysterics at some joke at some movie star popped off or something or somebody. You might get a little too much to drink and laugh like you was some loon, but that don't bring peace. Amen. There is no other peace and no other happiness. Amen. Like coming to Jesus Christ. Amen. I've seen people put on I've seen young women try to brush yourselves around with their new frocks on and act like they were happy. They're not. They're only building a painted fire. You can't warm by a painted fire. You seen young man try to think his muscles was so big that you could drive a nail down and never touch him and a knife had been its blade on him. Just give him a few years and he's turned back old and wrinkled. There's no eternal happiness outside of Christ. Look at here. I'll put you any of you here tonight in perfect health. Your family in perfect health all around you. What about mama? It's not here. How do you know your dad's not dying now? How do you know one of your children didn't get killed a few minutes ago away from here? How do you know something else hasn't happened? How do you know you're going out of this building tonight? You may drop in a heart attack. Amen. You don't know. So there's no eternal happiness outside of Christ. That's the reason we must come to him. You can have whiskey, you can have pleasure, you can have the things of the world, but they are not successful happenings. Nothing can give peace like him. He gives a peace. Or you say, "I got peace." If you've ever got real peace, you've got Jesus. Amen. If you haven't got Jesus, you don't even know what peace means until you come to him. I've seen people, kings, potentates, great men, athletes, movie stars, and all that. They're not peaceful. Look at them. Watch your eyes a few minutes are neurotics. See, no man, no woman, no child, no one can have peace outside of Jesus Christ. My peace I give unto you. Not as the world giveth I to you. See, not as the world gives you peace, but he has eternal peace, a resting peace. If you live, if you die, if no matter if the rain comes or the sun shines, you got peace anyhow. I like brother Sakari's old number. He sings great big old fella sings, I got peace like the river. I got peace like the river. Oh, that's right. When you got peace, you've got Christ. Christ is your peace. So that's why we must come to Christ to find peace. Now one more thing I won't say for the sixth thing he or the yes the sixth thing he is the only lasting achievement tell me anything that you could get that could you could achieve would be eternal outside of Jesus Christ Amen build a fine home get a million dollars be the most popular woman in the country strongest man that ever walked on the streets be the world's record prize fighter whatever you want to be see if you don't winn and twin and die, right? Won't take but a few sons to do it. So the only eternal achievement there is is Jesus Christ there. If he's the most in the best that we can achieve for let's let's make that our achievement then let's be sure that we get him. Yes. You might be a preacher, you might be a pastor, you might be a deacon, you might be a church member. But if you have in your achievement, you might achieve to say, "I won't stop till I become a preacher. I won't stop till I become a deacon. I won't stop till I become a church member." Then things are all right, honorable. But listen here, brother. Don't you stop short of Jesus Christ. Amen. Are you having got an eternal achievement? Because your pastor, your work of a pastor will soon fade away. Your work as a deacon will soon go. Your church membership will be long dismissed from the minds of the people. just a little while to come. But if you've achieved Jesus Christ, then you've got eternal life and you can never die. Now, lastly, I want to say this. Here's another reason we should come to Jesus. He is the only one that has translation. I'm so proud of that. Lord, oh, that makes me feel religious. The only one who can translate. Yes, sir. I tell you what, you go down to the store in the morning or Monday morning, then tomorrow, Sunday, you go down to the drugstore and get you some medicine that'll make you so holy until it'll translate you into glory. Hallelujah. Let let the doctor perform an operation on you that'll give you translation from the grave into glory. You get so smart and educated, you don't know how to build a like um the another tower of Babel, it'll end up the same way. Find out. Try to go some other way. Find out only those that are in Christ will God bring with him. The only translation that can be done from earth to glory is through Jesus Christ. He is the only translation. Only way to be translated. You can't buy. You can't you can't work for it. You've got to receive it. It's a gift to you. God's translation. It'll take you go down here and buy some medicine that'll turn you from an old man or woman back to a young man and woman. Find out if you can buy it. You never will. It never will be in existence in the medical realm. It never will be in existence in any realm outside of Jesus Christ. Amen. But he said this, "He that eats my flesh and drinks my blood hath everlasting life, and I'll raise him up at the last days." Translating, "Take him in the glory. If this earthly body be dissolved, this earthly tabernacle be dissolved." We have one waking. Translation, swapping houses, go from place to place. He's the only one that has eternal life. He's the only one that has happiness. May I say this to you? He's the only in him is the only place that you can go where you can see him. The only place that you'll ever be able to understand him is when you get in him. Amen. You have to come into him to understand it. If not, you'll just you'll just wonder and beat your head around. You'll guess and you'll it'll be a puzzle to you. You'll never understand it. That's the reason those Jews in them days said, "Well, this guy's be elbow. This guy's this, that, and the other." They never did come to him. They never did accept him as the way. They never accept him as the truth, as the light, as the foundation, as the first, as the last, as alpha, omega, all these other things that he is. He's all in all. That's the reason they couldn't understand him. When they see him, there come Philillip up. Went over and got Nathaniel, brought Nathaniel up. Nathaniel Jesus walked in the presence of of uh Jesus. When Nathaniel came in the presence of Jesus rather Jesus looked at him and said behold an Israelite and whom there's no G said rabbi when did you ever know me said before Philip called you when you were under the tree I saw you the ra the preacher standing around there the priest they said this man is be elub devil in him he's a fortune teller Jesus said you say that against me I'll forgive you but someday the Holy Ghost is coming to do the same one word against it will never be forgiven this world and world to come. How can you? He said, "How can you condemn me when your own word says that you're God's? And if they were called God through the word of God come to you, how can you condemn me when I say I'm the son of God? If you would have known my father, you would have known me also." That's right. He said, "No man can come to me except my father draws. No man understand God except Christ. you accept Christ, you can't understand divine healing. Why? Somebody say Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Little pastor, hear my preaching. Some of you might scratch your head and say, "Ah, I don't believe that." See, you're no condition to believe it. Amen. Just accept it by faith and then you'll see it. Jesus said, "A little while the world sees me no more." That's the world order will see me no more. Yet ye shall see me, ye the believer, for I will be with you, even in you, to the end of the world. The works that I do shall you do also. Even more than this shall you do, for I go to my father. Happy resurrection morning. That was a good sermon, wasn't it? Yes, it was. To whom shall we go? I think I think is the name of that. Brother Ryan can keep me honest when he comes. Um, this morning I want to um deviate from Corinthians and and uh just talk about the resurrection this morning. So, we'll go to brother to to Matthew 28. And let's bow our heads. Lord God, we're so grateful, Lord, that you you proved your word, Lord, on resurrection morning. And you're still proving yourself the same yesterday, today, and forever by that same life that's dwelling in believers. I pray, God, that you'll feel at liberty this morning to be with us, Lord Jesus, and open up the word to us, Lord. And and show us, Lord, the things that are that are hidden here, Lord. We pray as we walk through this scripture. Be with us today. Give us what we have need of. Grant that, Lord, we ask in your name. Amen. So um Matthew 28:es 1-6 and it starts off in the end of the Sabbath as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the supplr and behold there was a great earthquake for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven and came and rolled back the stone from the door and sat upon His countenance was like lightning and his raignment white as snow. And for fear of him the keepers did shake and became as dead men. And the angel answered and said unto the women, fear not ye, for I know that ye seek Jesus which was crucified. He is not here, for he is risen, as he said. Come see the place where the Lord lay. Now, just to kind of meditate on this that um you know, just to to kind of kind of put ourselves in the mind of the the believers when they saw uh when all of this went down, they they come and grabbed Jesus in the middle of the night, took him, beat him all that night, uh all Thursday night, all night long, early early Friday morning, taking him over to Herod, back and forth, uh uh until he just uh didn't even look human and and then they crucified him and all of these things happened and the believers you know to think what you know they they everything that they had put all their hopes and everything on this man and now they're watching him die and be put in the grave. So you know it says here in you kind of have to look at all the different gospels to put the complete story together. These these sisters, these women are going to the tomb, but they're not going expecting to see Jesus raised. They're actually going to anoint a dead man. And you know, you can read in Mark where it says that they they went they they didn't even really have it planned out. They're they're going like how how you're going to anoint his body with oil with oils and and and and spices and whatever to but h there's a stone in the way. And they actually said in in in Mark uh who who's going to move the stone back now to think that they and you know you could kind of apply that to your own life sometimes when you if you just have a plan you don't really even have things planned out say it like that that God will make a way. When when they got to the tomb then they found out that God had made a way that the stone was rolled away and there's an angel the angel there that said he he he ain't here he's risen now. Now, there's the that's kind of what brother Brandham was just preaching on in this message. See, you know, when when brother when he was telling that story of the man with the apple tree and that that we're the whole the whole world is looking for something that will take take the gospel from just some words on a page to something that's real. And they had heard the preaching for three and a half years. They had heard all all the words be preached and but they were still in a place of doubt where they couldn't believe. But then when you come to a tomb and there ain't nobody there, then you start, wait, wait a second, this this isn't just something that we learned about. This takes it from just education. It takes it something from just some a legend or a fable or something to something real. And and and so that the when Jesus died, you think that the disciple the follower his followers didn't really know what to think. In Luke chapter 24, it says it was Mary Magdalene and Joanna and Mary the mother of James and other women that were with them which told these things unto the apostles and the words seem to them as idle tales and they believe them not. You think that even an eyewitness now isn't that the same way today that an eyewitness can come and tells something happened to me, something supernatural happened and it just it uh you know we struggle with it. And just like just like what brother Ron was just saying how in without Christ if you're not in Christ then it'll be like a puzzle that you just can't put together. You just can't understand. But when Christ comes and makes it a living reality see even when the two men walking on the way to to to Emmas they were telling Jesus who they didn't recognize that man that came out from the the side we trusted we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel. And beside all this, today is the third day since these things were done. And then when they went and told the disciples that they had met Jesus, they didn't believe them. They just thought that it was just just just words. And they they failed to understand. Yeah. You see, the resurrection morning is more than just it's more than just something about Easter bunnies and eggs that we hide in the field and things that the world has made it. But it's actually the proof the proof that that everything that Jesus taught is real and that and that same God is resurrecting lives still today. And that's the proof that the gospel is true. It takes away all the doubt. It takes away all the fear. You know I look at all all these disciples responses. When the women at the tomb went to the disciples they when when they saw Jesus they worshiped him but some doubted. When they actually saw Jesus they worshiped him but some doubted. It says Thomas said, "Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails and put my finger into the print of the nails and thrust my hand to his into his side, I will not believe." When Mary Magdalene told him and she said, "And they when they had heard that he was alive, when they heard all the disciples heard that he was alive, believed not." The two disciples went and told everybody and it says, "Neither believe they them." And you know, all all these different examples. It it's it's ironic almost that his enemies believed his word more literally than his friends did. You know, Pilate was so uh so the Roman soldiers and everybody, they were so concerned that he was going to actually that something was going to take place that they put guards there in front of the tomb and sealed the tomb and put all these obstacles in the way to prevent something from happening. But you know to a supernatural God it don't matter. It doesn't matter. Now there's something to think about though that when you and and there's all so many things coming in my mind right now about when the doctor comes and tells you something. It doesn't matter what the obstacles are. It doesn't matter what the obstacles are to a supernatural God. If God's going to if God said it if God if God gave the promise he's going to make a way for it. Amen. And look, despite all the times that Jesus had said he'd rise again, nobody was at the tomb waiting for him. No stake out, no sunrise prayer vigil, no anticip anticipation. Those sisters came to anoint a corpse, not greet a risen Lord. And Mark chapter 14 and John chapter 20 says they scattered and hid because they were completely shattered. Now now there's the mind the mind the way that their thinking was. They they they had no no uh no rock because the rock is your revelation. No something supernatural taking place in your life to make the word something real. nothing to hold them that John goes fishing, everybody's running this way and that. You know, it would have felt to them like like the death of God's promise itself. And Jesus's death wasn't just a tragedy tragedy. It was a it was a contradiction. It turned their whole world upside down. That's right. And and you know really to think now if if without the resurrection his ministry everything Jesus stood for everything was in question. Was he the Messiah? The resurrection was when life re-entered that body. So now now there's the thing that it's life. It's life that settles the question. It's it's springtime now. You know and I thank God for some warm weather. You know, we've had we've had a a winter where everything's cold and all the leaves fall off the trees and and and finally the the leaves are coming back, the flowers are blooming and and it testifies that it testifies that something supernatural is taking place. Just just like that story that Brother Random was telling of the of the man over in uh in uh near Campbellville. That's where I go preaching in in Kentucky a lot. So, I know every spot that he's talking about. I have stood at that apple tree where the stump is now and talked to the man that lives in that house and that lives five or six miles away from Actton Campground that he was talking about. I stood behind the pulpit at actton campground before they tore the place down and and you can find all these other other stories where where brother Brown would say that that man at that apple tree that that he was talking to. He could hear them screaming at Actton Campground was like five, six, seven miles away because why? because life something was taking place when brother Ram said go home and lay that handkerchief on your sister and she's going to be well of cancer what he's talking about is life and and see did you did you hear brother Brandon where he said that man wanted to know that it was more than just words on a page now now there's the thing and and he kept going on if you pay attention he was going on this this gospel is more than just education it's more than learning because the life when life comes in the scene, that's what settles the question. And he wanted to see something supernatural. And so he he said, "Well, what what if I put a post up on on the fence? What would make the water would would the water in the put a bucket bucket up on the fence on on the fence post? Would the water go down into the ground? It is something different that in in a tree in a tree and that that apple tree that that I I stood next to that has been cut down now and then made a little lighthouse and put it in a church near there. But it it's something different that makes the sap in the tree go down in the ground is something supernatural. Now to think that that's the thing that struck something in that man to realize that that same God that can make the sap in the tree go down in the ground. That same God is the one that told him to go lay the handkerchief on that little sister in the prayer line. Sister at home that had cancer. That same God, what what is it? It's life. Life is what settles the question. Amen. You go out and that you go outside today and and and and there's concrete and asphalt and everything, but poking up through all of that, you'll find a little blade of grass. And that's the thing that scientists can't explain. They can get down and tell you what chlorophyll is and what all the different things are, but they can't tell you what makes it alive. And that's the thing that will boggle the mind of any scientist. What makes a Christian act the way they do? What caused Jesus to rise from the grave? It was life. Life is the thing that makes the difference. Amen. And brother was saying the Easter Seal, he said if a man said like Columbus believe the world was round and he watched the ships as we're told how they come in and he could see the mast way before he could see the ship and it proved him that the world was round. People didn't believe that in that day but he was a man of vision. He set out to prove exactly what he had a vision of. That was the truth. Look what he's saying. He's saying people in that day believed some people believed that the earth was flat. Now if you if you're a flat earther, just hold on for a second. But he said Columbus when he was out on the ocean, he could see the mast before he saw the ship. So that proved that the world was not flat. And and and and this is just how we do sometimes. And we'll we'll we'll get something so much in our mind until we can't see the proof of it. And the proof, what we're talking about is the resurrection is the proof. The resurrection is the proof. And and Columbus could see the proof of it that the world was round. And and he said, "And God purposed to prove his word, the truth." So he there was only one man that could do that, and that was Jesus. And he come and prove that to be the truth. It sealed it. And that broke all the seals of gloom and scattered all the superstitions of other religions and so forth where great men has raised up and said great marvelous things. But there everyone in the grave but our Christian religion is the only one who has the empty tomb. And that proves to me that he is the God of the dead and God of the living. That he could raise up the dead back to life again. And this quickening power, quickening spirit of his has proved through the years that he is the one who can quicken the dead back to life again. Oh, there there's the resurrection that it's not a one-time event so much, but it's still happening today. That God can take dead, carnal people and and and change them through the through the spirit through his spirit so that he brings them from a dead place to a living reality of the gospel. You know, the devil was so to think to think about that scene that the sisters got to when they when they uh got to the grave that the devil was so afraid that he put guards there and he sealed the tomb. In Matthew chapter 27 it says, "Now the next day that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priests and Pharisees came together unto Pilate, saying, Sir, we remember that that deceiver said while he was yet alive, after three days, I will rise again. Command therefore that the sepico be made sure until the third day, lest his disciples come by night, and steal him away, and say unto the people, he is risen from the dead. So the last heir shall be worse than the first. And Pilate said unto them, you you got to watch. Go your way. Make it as sure as you can. So they went and made the seepical shure, sealing the stone and setting a watch. Of course, now the seal separates life from death. Behind that seal, it's it's just it's just dead carnal understanding. But you break that seal and it actually reveals victory over sin, death. It reveal reveals victory over everything. It reveals something that was previously concealed. You know, to think that when those when those ladies got to that tomb, the stone wasn't really Did Jesus need Here's something to think about. Did Jesus need that stone to be rolled away for him to come forth? He had walked through walls. He could he he'd walked through crowds trying to stone him? Did he need that stone to be rolled away? But the stone was rolled away so you could look in there and see he ain't there. So they could look in there and see he's he's he's gone. The mechanics were laying dead in that tomb. The mechanics, the everything that would, you know, all the blood vessels and all the the the brain matter and everything was laying in that tomb dead. But the dynamics is actually what proved the doctrine. And what's the dynamics? The dynamics is the life all the way through the scripture. The dynamics is the thing that proves the dynamics. the da d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d dam when when the Holy Ghost comes and feels filled your soul, it's that's what proved that Christ is alive. Amen. You think you you know you can brother Brandon, he would make this statement in in some of his earlier sermons. He'd say, "Well, you know, if you could prove if you could walk through exactly how the gnats were created with Moses, you know, that would you know that would be helpful." But it was the dynamics when the gnats and the frogs were actually created. That's the thing that proved it's the life and brother in message presuming brother Ram said the devil knows it better than any of us. That's right. But he can't live it. It's life. That's it. He can't live it. See, that's the only advantage you got over him. See, he might know it as well as you do, but he can't live it like you can. Christ died that you could live it. and he never for him in the power of God. He said, "Let me tell you, if you want the devil stirred up, just start preaching divine healing cuz cuz that's what shows that God is alive." Preer Peter preached on the day of Pentecost and 3,000 soul souls was saved and Satan never even moved. But a couple days afterwards, he show he healed a man at the gate called beautiful who was lame and all hell turned loose on him. That's right. The devil don't like to see God display his power. Now you think about that that it that that it don't make the devil upset just to some somebody to preach a good salvation message or something. But when God begins to show his power that he's alivemen that the devil wasn't he said the devil didn't even turn over there on the day of Pentecost but there at the gate beautiful when Peter and John said I I got something that'll help you out. Look on us and stand up if you believe at silver and gold we don't have but such as I have I give to you. That's what made the devil upset. Amen. And the Easter Seal, Brother Ammon said, and I think I think God hastened the day that when we as Christians who believe this Bible can prove what we are talking about. See, that's what makes, as said a while ago, the salt of the earth. The sister said, "That's right. The world is looking for this salt. And when we can prove by our lives and by the Bible that our lives are vindicating that word to be living today that that's the day we're looking for. The resurrection is the proof of who Jesus is. In Romans chapter 1, it says, "Concerning his son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh and declared to be the son of God with power according to the spirit of holiness by the resurrection from the dead." In Acts chapter 2, Peter said, "Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch David, that he is both dead and buried, and his supplicer is with us unto this day." Therefore, being a prophet and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to him that of the fruit of his lawns according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne. He, seeing this before, spake of the resurrection of Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see corruption. This Jesus hath God raised up whereof we all are witnesses. And there's the proof of the resurrection. Hey, you know, if the resurrection proves who Jesus is, then the resurrection also proves who you are. In first Peter, Peter said, "Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead." It's the life. You know, you can we you could take a deep dive into things like this. The the seals, you know what the seals are all about? It's the life of Christ in in the church. The seven thunders are about the life of Christ being revealed. And you know what'll give you rapturing faith is to see the life of Christ in you. To see the life of Christ in the church. To see his his his same life walking and talking and and actually visible. And the life is what will make people want the gospel. In Matthew chapter 5, he said, "Ye are the salt of the earth. But if the salt have lost his savor, wherewith shall it be salted?" and the lamb and and and dove. Brother Ram said, "We were never asked to manufacture fruits. We were asked to bear fruits." He said, "We've tried to educate it and denominate it, and when we do, we turn out hypocrisy and failure." It's not to be done that way. It's to be done as God intended to do. Be done the spirit inside of us bearing fruits of his presence. That's God's program. It can never be changed. Now see the spirit actually answers all the questions. Now you know on the day of on on that resurrection morning or on the day of Pentecost there was a lot of questions that maybe people had in their mind. Did Jesus really die or could he have survived the crucifixion? Are the gospel accounts of the resurrection historically reliable? How how can we believe what the scripture says? Could the disciples have hallucinated seeing Jesus alive? Was the tomb of Jesus actually empty? Could somebody have stolen Jesus's body? Why Why were the resurrection accounts written decades after the events? Is it even possible for somebody to rise from the dead? Now, look, all these all these maybe are good questions. You know how when you when you come to Christ, if if you look at things with an eye like uh you know, you think about Jesus talking to that woman at the well, she didn't even need to see a miracle, but God just did one one thing for her. Just told her about her her past, and that's all it took to believe. Just one thing. I think about all these all these people, you I've watched uh videos online of people in brother Random's meetings. one one lady that's not even a message believer today. She said, "I was standing in the prayer line and I looked down as he discerned my life and I saw between us a wheel in the middle of the wheel circling and she was talking about the supernatural that she had seen in the prayer line." Well, it that's all it should take is just one thing, just one thing to hear about just one person being filled with the Holy Ghost. It's just one thing to believe. But then on the other hand, if you come and you say, "Well, if all it takes is for one thing for me to disbelieve, when you come with a critical eye, you're going to get what you expect. There's there's a lot of things that you can you a lot of things maybe that we don't understand and a lot of things maybe that aren't made plain." But I tell you what, when the spirit of the supernatural God comes on the scene, it makes everything plain. Why? Why does it make it plain? Because now you're not looking with an the eye of a critic. You're looking saying, "Well, I don't maybe I don't understand everything, but I know that this message is true. I know that this word is true because I met a living God." And you know, when God comes on the scene that when he came on the scene on the day of Pentecost, he made everything fit together. That's why brother R was saying in that message we just heard that without Christ you cannot understand. It's just a mystery. It's just a it's something cryptic, something mysterious. But the spirit of God gives you understanding. Now here's some of the answers. They knew how to kill somebody. And it wasn't a hallucination because hallucinations are individual, not group experiences. Jesus appeared to groups of people. You can read over there in first Corinthians later on where where we're getting to where there's a chapter where Paul lays out all these incidents where Jesus appeared to people, a group of 500 to Cphus to different ones and the tomb was known. Joseph of Arya. If Jesus were still inside, producing the body would have crushed Christianity tonight overnight. But Jesus said he would rise again. You know, many of the witnesses were skeptical at first. They didn't have anything to gain, only persecution, poverty, and death. Their willingness to suffer and die for their testimony is evidence that what they believed that they believed that it was true. And you think about what happened uh when Jesus died on in John chapter 2 18 to 19. He said, "Then answered the Jews and said unto him,"What sign showest thou unto us, seeing that thou doest these things?" And Jesus answered and said unto them, "Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up." All Thursday night they beat him. Friday morning he was crucified. somewhere between six and nine. Uh at nine crucified and then and then died at 3 pm in the afternoon. I'm skipping through some of my notes here. And you know, the resurrection proved that Jesus was true, that Jesus was real, and he's still the same today that he always was. And my redeemer liveth, and we'll stop on this quote. He said, "And today after theologians has tampered with the Bible, after church church organizations has set up and they say, well, this is what we need. Some people buried under the church, some of the saints, we'll dig up their bones and bring them here." Some of them said, "We'll build a church up over the tomb where he was crucified or where he was buried. We'll build a church there." People in material are trying to do materialistic things, but it's such a naught. There's nothing to it. It's all nonsense and nothing to it. But the real resurrection is those who've died with him and been born again that has that know so faith. I know my redeemer liveth. And God's working with those people with signs and wonders and the great commission here showing that he rose from the dead and showing visible signs and wonders. visible signs and wonders. And I want to say as a musician has come forward that God is still the same miracle working God that he always was. We heard the story of the testimony of Ron Spencer that that just testified that his cancer is gone. My wife and I were talking in the car about the sister, a sister we knew that we had met in Louisiana that showed us the picture of the before and after. Before the the uh she had been diagnosed with cancer in her lungs after God got a hold of the situation. She had the the MRI, the X-rays, everything showed that the cancer was completely gone from her lungs. Miracle after miracle after sign. Some you say, "Well, where are all the miracles?" The miracles are are right here. If you look around, you can see lives being changed. That there's still the a resurrected God working in the lives of people. He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's what I believe, saints. God bless you. [Applause] [Music] The Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Joy sing Jesus Christ. [Music] You are single. [Music] Jesus. He has Jesus. [Music] I single glory to you. [Music] Everyone should Jesus. Jesus. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Single [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. of the Lord. He has risen from the dead and he is Lord. Every knee shall bow. Every tongue confess that Jesus [Music] Christ is Lord. Can you say that this morning? Yes, he is Lord. He is Lord. He has risen from the dead and he is Lord. Every knee shall bow, every tongue. Let's all stand. Confess that Jesus [Music] Christ is Lord. once again. Yes, he is Lord. He is Lord. He has risen from the dead and he is Lord. Every knee shall bow. Every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Amen. God bless you all. Welcome everybody and welcome all the visitors if we have any. God bless you all. want to encourage everybody to move toward the front, especially for the young ones in the back, but also for the big crowd today. We need everybody to move up toward the front as much as possible. Um, this is a request from me, uh, prayer requests here. A friend of ours in Kentucky, a daughter got kicked in the face by a horse. She's actually 14. I didn't update that, but anyway. And also for my two nieces with various health problems. Remember them. Uh, Sister Esther Smallwood not feeling well today. Let's be in prayer for her. Also, brother Terrence, sister, sister Anna Canard and Sister Rebecca Atkins not feeling well be in prayer for all of them. And also, uh, let's see here. I think that's about all I have for prayer requests. Also remember these upcoming meetings as we pray, be in prayer for all of those meetings and all unspoken requests. Let's all go Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you. It's good to be your Lord today, Lord. Thank you for this day. We honor you on the resurrection day, Father. Thank you, Lord, for dying for our sins, for raising for our justification. Lord, fulfill us with your Holy Spirit. God, thank you for all the many blessings you've given us. God, we praise you and thank you. We're so grateful and we pray you bless all these spoken requests, all those who have raised their hands with unspoken, Lord, you know, each need. Help the way ministering for us this morning here and all the other ministers and bride around the world. Let it all be done for your glory and way to be pleasing to you. We love you, Lord, and thank you for all your blessings. Just pray touch all these sick ones, Lord, that we've been holding up in prayer. All those with the cancers, uh Lisa Street, also Christian Eugene, Brother Christian, uh Becky D, Kellos Walker, David Matthysse, continue to touch all them. Be with all those who couldn't make it, Lord, today um for various sicknesses. Sister Rebecca Atkins, sister Anna Canard, also Brother Terrence, Sister Esther Smallwood. Touch them, Lord. Just lift them up. Give them strength and healing in their bodies. And we love you, Lord. We thank you for all your many blessings in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you and be seated. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. This wonderful resurrection morning. Amen. He is risen from the dead. Yes, he is. Thank the Lord that he come to dwell inside our hearts. Yes, sir. What a wonderful day. We're going to sing the song at Calvary. [Music] Well, years I spent in vanity and pride, caring not my Lord was crucified, knowing not it was for me he died on Calary. Yes. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was much of life to me. There my burdens found liberty at [Music] calary. By God's word at last my sin I learned. Then I trembled at the law I spurned till my guilty soul and boring turned to Calary. Yes. Mercy there was great and grace was free. heart and there was multiplied to me there. My burdens of found liberty at [Music] Calary. Now I've given to Jesus and grieving. Now I gladly own him as my king. Now my raptured soul can only sing. Of calary. His mercy there was great and grace was free. There was more to life to me. There are burdens found liberty. at [Music] Calary is so the love that drew salvation's plan. Oh the grace that brought it down to man. Oh the mighty God that God did spend at Calary. [Music] Oh mercy there was grace and grace was free. Harden there was more of life to me there my burdens of found liberty at calary. His mercy there was grace and grace was free and pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burdens all found liberty at [Music] Calary. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Never forget Calvary. Amen. And what he done that day this morning 2,000 years ago was a empty tomb. Hallelujah. We're going to sing that. The tomb now is empty. The stone's been rolled away. Amen. Let's all stand this time. The tomb now is empty. The stones been rolled away. And Christ is alive in my heart. And death which is conquered in me hath no part. For Christ is alive in my heart. The tomb now is empty. The stones been rolled away and Christ is alive in my heart. and death which is conquered in me hath no part. For Christ is alive in my [Music] heart. The tomb now is empty. The stones been rolled away. And Christ is alive in my [Music] heart. And death which is conquered in me hath no part. For Christ is alive in my heart. Amen. Amen. Good morning. Thank God for coming. We thank God for giving his only begotten son that whosoever believe in him should not perish but have everlasting life. So this morning, let us surrender our eye all unto him. Amen. And walk forth. Amen. We're going to read this morning from Psalm 62:es 1-12. Amen. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we are ever grateful and thankful for all that you have done for us. Lord, your willingness to give your only begotten son that we all may have eternal life. Lord, we ask you to bless our hearts, Father. Let us be surrendered unto you for what we have need of. God, let us reach out to you, Lord. You promise you would give it to us. God, we thank you. Wherever we are, whatever we do, let us hold fast unto you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Psalm 62 verse 1-2. My soul wait upon God. From him cometh my salvation. He only is my rock and my salvation. He is my defense. I shall not be greatly moved. How long will ye imagine mischief against the man? Ye shall be slain all of you as a bro wall shall ye be and as a toing fence to cast him down from his excellency. They delight in they bless their mouths inwardly. My soul thou only upon my soul wait there only upon God for my expectation is from him. He only is my rock and my salvation. He is my defense. I shall not be moved. In God is my salvation and my glory. the rock of my strength and my refuge is in God. Trust in him at all times. Pour out your heart before him. God is a refuge for us. Surely men of low degree are vanity and men of high degree are a lamb. To be laid in the balance, they are all together lighter than vanity. Trust not in oppression and become not vain in robbery. If riches increase, set not your heart on them. God has spoken once, twice have I heard this, that power belongth unto God. Also unto thee, oh God, belongth by mercy, and thou renest to every man according to his word. God bless you. Amen. This time we're going to worship the Lord in tithes and offerings. And brother Kernney, do you mind helping us this morning? in our hearts not to be seen or Lord to commemorate a historical event Lord we come to the realization Lord Lord that we cannot do it without you. So we ask Lord fire that you meet the need of every individual here whatever it may be. If it may be a Lord a soldier at the cross that has been backing all these years Lord God Lord and waiting for a reward. Those that are serving Lord now those that are dealing with demons Lord Father pray heavenly father that you'll bring something in your message this morning to help them Lord be overcomers. And we can't forget those Lord Father who are deciding Lord trying to figure out Lord what what is the next step. Pray heavenly father those that don't know you as a personal Lord and Savior Lord God that you will use this service this morning to make that clearer to them. So we pray for brother Wade in a special way bless him you use him. Get him out of the way Lord. And we pray heavenly father especially for those tithes and offerings those that could give those that cannot give. Pray Lord God that you'll bless it and be used for the fur of your ministry. We ask this in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. We've got a we got a few specials this morning. All right. This time we're going to have the the Bonnet family sing and whoever else and sister Zoe has one and then sister. All right. Anybody else that wants to sing this morning? We got plenty of time. We're going to worship the Lord this morning and have a good time in the Lord. Amen. [Music] There is a candle in every soul. Some brightly burning, some dark and cold. There is a spirit who brings a [Music] fire, ignites a candle, and makes his home. Carry your candle. Run to the darkness. Seek out the hopeless, confused and torn. Hold out your candle for all to see it. Take your candle, go light your world. Take your candle, go light your world. frustrated brother. See how he's tried to light his own candle some other way. See now your sister. She's been robbed and lied to still holds a candle without a flame. Carry your candle. Run to the darkness. Seek out the lonely, the tired and worn. Hold out your candle for all to see it. Take your candle. Go light your world. Take your candle. Go light your world. We are a family whose hearts are blazing. So let's raise our candles and light up the sky. Praying to our father. In the name of Jesus, make us a beacon in darkest times. Carry your candle. Run to the darkness. Seek out the helpless, deceived, and poor out your candle for all to see. Take your candle. Go light your world. Take your candle. Go light your world. Carry your candle unto the darkness. Seek out the helpless, diffused and torn. Hold out your candle for all to see it. Take your candle. Go light your world. Take your candle. Go light your world. Take your candle. Go light your world. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Brham said, "Go tell." If you don't have anything else to say, go tell them how your candle got lit. You know, if you've got your candle lit, it's easier to light somebody else's candle. God can use your light to light somebody else's candle. Amen. Is that over here? [Music] Who taught the sun to stand in the morning? Who taught the ocean? You can only come this far. And who showed the moon where to hide till evening? Whose words alone can catch a falling star. I know my redeemer lives. I know my [Music] redeemer lives. All of creation testifies. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins things in orbit. He runs to the weary, the worn, and the [Music] weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken, they conquer death to bring me victory. No, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. He lives to take away my shame. And he lives forever. I proclaim that the payment of my sin was a precious life he gave. And now he's alive and there's an empty grave. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. All creation testifies to that. Thank the Lord. Amen. Amen. There's no one great amongst us. And we're nothing on our own. And we make mistakes and often slip, just come in flesh and bone. But someday I'll prove just why I say I'm of a special kind. For when he was on the cross, [Music] I was on his mind. [Music] Oh, for he knew me. Yeah, he loved me. [Music] And he whose glory makes the heavens shine. So unworthy of such mercy. [Music] Yet when he was on the cross, [Music] I was on his mind. A look of love was on his face, the thorns on his head. head and blood was on that scarlet robe and stained in crimson red. [Music] And though his eyes were on the crowd that day and he looked ahead in time for when he was on the cross, you and I was on his mind. Sing it with us. And for he knew me. Oh, he knew me. And yet he loved me. Oh, he loved me. And he whose glory made the heaven shine. Heaven shine. So unworthy. So unworthy of such mercy. His mercy. I when he was on the cross and I was on his mind. And though he knew me. Oh, he knew me. And yet he loved me. Yes, he loved me. And he whose glory makes the heaven shine. Heaven shines. So unworthy. [Music] I'm so unworthy. Such mercy. Oh his mercy. Yet when he was on the cross, you and I was on his mind. When he was on the cross, you and I was on his mind. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, let's all stand. Thank God we were in his thinking before the foundation of the world. He thought of us and came take on the sinful flesh, a form of sinful flesh that we could become the righteousness of God. I want to sing this song this morning. One number 80 is 187. Such love, such wondrous love. Before we change order of service, I know brother Collie likes this song. So we're going to sing it for brother Collie this morning. He said, "I don't know. I can't remember the name of that song, but he said, I like you singing that song." So, so I had had to go through the list of songs that I sang and he said, "That's it." So, I never forget that. So, but I love this song that God should love a sinner such as I. Amen. Let's help sing that God should love a sinner such as I should yearn to change my sorrow into bliss. No rest till he had plans to bring me nigh. How wonderful is love like this. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. That Christ should join so freely in the scheme. Although it meant his death on Calvary did ever hear me find no blur thing that love divine that ransom king. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. That for a willful outcast such as I, the father bled, the savior bled and died. Redemption for a worthless slave to buy. Who longed grace [Music] defied? Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love. A sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. And now he takes me to his heart a son. They ask me not to fill a servant's place. The far off country wondrings are all done. Wide open are his arms of grace. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Wonderful love. Thank you. Amen. Y'all ready for the word this morning? Amen. Amen. Let's sing. Word of God ever true. Holy words long preserved for I walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope, give us strength. Help us go in this world where we roam. The word of God will guide us home. Word of God, ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith handed down to this age. Came to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ. Holy words preserved for this day for our for all the years in this world. Many men gave their life for this word so that we can hear it today. Let's pray to him today. God word of God is ever true. Change me. It'll change you. And we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Sing it to him again. Oh word of God is ever true. Changing me and changing you. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Amen. God bless you. Turn around and shake somebody's hand. Say, "Happy resurrection day. The sun is up. He's walking around. Something happened and never happened before. There was a man raised from the dead. And it wasn't like Lazarus. This man will never die anymore. He's alive forever more. We worship him. Good to have each and every one of you. Bless you in the name of the Lord Jesus. You may be seated for a minute and I'll go ahead and make some of these announcements and and all that way we don't have to stand up so much. Uh we're going to uh kind of deviate a little bit from the the sermons we've been bringing on the third pole and and maybe strange to some people, but but uh it's just all about Jesus Christ. There's really nothing else. Amen. What Paul said, what can we preach except Jesus and him crucified. That's all we can preach. Everything comes from the resurrection. Amen. And the proof of the resurre proved who he was. The prophet of God said when he came out of that grave he he fought it out at at Gethsemane, died, resurrected for your justification. He resurrected so you and I can have eternal life if you'll accept it today. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to have um I don't think anybody's a visitor here today. Uh, but good to have each and every one. Good to have Olivia and Dalton with us today. Good to see you guys. Appreciate you. And I think there's nobody else. I think there's I think there's a a couple that that had a um they had an anniversary not too long ago. And I always try to look back on anniversaries, Brother Jim, and I look at myself. That's what you're going to look like when you when you come back in this world with that new body, right? And we know it's not a new We know it's not a new one hanging up. It's a new one being formed in here. We know that. But on that wedding day, you were at your best. Your wife was at their best. You were standing there. And this is what you look like. So Anderson, brother, pull this up for a second. I want to show you. That's what she going to look like when y'all come back. Brother Alvaro and Sister Emma Senior had a wedding anniversary not too long ago. Now put the other one up. That's what they look like now. But that's what they're going to look like come resurrection morning when the change of the body comes. That's what our hope is. It's not a hope. It's assurityity. It's not something we have to guess it's going to happen. We know it's going to happen. Amen. If not, then we need to just eat, drink, and be merry and just do like the rest of the world. We'll die, go away, and fade out of here. But no, sir, this life just just starts your new life by the new birth. You started a little bit on this side, and it'll take you to the other side. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. But yeah, I thought when I saw that yesterday, I thought I'll put that up there as a uh as a tribute to you for coming and we appreciate them coming all the way from from Arizona and uh and sharing their uh daughter with us and family. So, uh but I wanted to show that to show that that's the youth that we're going to see. We're never going to be old again. When Jesus came out of that tomb, he wasn't 30ome years old. He didn't look like he was 50. He was in the prime of life. Amen. My God doesn't look like a 90 year old man that's about broke down and can't hardly move. My God's 20 years old. My Oh, Jim's dad's here today and he's 92. So, good to have him with us. But, you know, we were talking, Brother Joe and I, different ones. Every year something comes up and you have to go to the doctor. thought just and that's not the way it was supposed to be. And today we're going to speak kind of a little bit out of the normal, but brother Donnie, you might enjoy this title. Pulled it up there. I preached this sermon a long, long time ago, and it means more now to me than ever before. Amen. It started before the foundation of the world. It came to Calvary and died. But he's building that body now. A body thou Jesus has prepared me way down. A body incorruptible. If we have any other hope, we better put our hope in that. That we're not going to get older when we go to eternity. that we're going to be young and beautiful, prime of life, live for an eternity, never see a doctor again. Praise the Lord. Never see Mondays again or the income tax people. Hallelujah. That's good enough for me right there. But just remember, brother Luis, he's in Honduras and uh and his safe journey back on Tuesday. We appreciate brother Luis doing work down there. We appreciate him so much. Brother Chris Long will be here. Remember, we got service Saturday at 3:00 and we have a meal. And I don't I want to say something real quick. I don't want I don't want to make you mad, but but it's probably going to And it's not my fault. It's yours. Amen. Thank you. Praise the Lord. That's why I like people sitting up here. Say, "Amen." When we give these announcements out, look at the dates. Don't look at anything. Look at the dates. Dates don't change ever. We may change, but dates don't change. So, look at the dates. The date will tell you when we're having these uh special meetings and special meals, and you won't get confused. But just look at the date. Don't even worry about me saying it. Just look at the date. It's on It's online. It's on Brother Joe graciously puts it on WhatsApp. Um and it's there for us as our information. And it'll I don't want it to be confusing. I really don't. I want us to have a wonderful time in the Lord. Uh this Wednesday I'll be speaking. We're leaving uh next week going to a pastor's retreat. Me and Sister June. So, Brother Bob will be speaking this the next Wednesday, the 30th. See there? Put a date on it. The 30th. And then remember, we will then we will then get home on Thursday. Friday morning we're leaving for Jamaica. We'll be there till Tuesday. or Monday in the evening and brother Donaldo Bautista will be here that Sunday for regular ser that's May the 4th see there you put those in makes it clear that's May the 4th all right so remember that I got to put a prayer cloth here to pray for somebody as we speak the word Easter I want to say this just for a few minutes we I was milling over it yesterday and you know the prophet of God tells us and we see that Jesus fought it out not at Calvary. Cuz at Calvary, he was done. He fought it out in the garden. When he went to that garden, there were two willsmen. Not my will, but thy will be done. He submitted his will. There was a junction of time, right? That even being the son of God, the almighty trapped in the body of flesh, he had to make a choice, he could have made this choice. He loved his disciples. He loved the He loved some of the people of the world because he said he did. He said he even loved Judas cuz he called him friend. But there was a will that overtook all that. And there was when he sealed that in the garden, that was it. He couldn't change his mind even though it hurt. And I appreciate Brother Boyd. If y'all not seen that, I'll send it to you. He um sent me the the steps at what happened to Jesus's body during the time of Calvary. Don't think you've ever had a bad day if you read that. Amen. And he hung there for three hours almost to give his life for me and you. Don't ever forget that. But Easter's origin, we know that it started with paganism. Everybody with me? Don't get don't get quiet. The name Easter is derived from the Anglo-Saxon goddess Ator or Estray associated with spring and fertility. That's where they get eggs and rabbits. For those of us that are older, we know what eggs and rabbits they produce and they make life. But when the Old Testament, during the Old Testament time, remember they had to get Jesus off the cross on Friday at 6:00 before 6:00. Now remember, their days are from 6:00 p.m. to A.M. Is everybody with me? Or 6 to 6. 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. It's not like our days go to midnight and then that starts a new day. Our their day started at 6:00 on Friday. They had to get him off that cross at before 6:00 because the next day was the Sabbath, Saturday, which became a high Sabbath because it was the Passover and it happened on Saturday. Everybody with me? So they had to get him off or they had to leave him up there for three day or you know until till Monday. Everybody with me? and they had their festivals and their their all that going on. So the Passover was there in the Old Testament. Remember Saturday was when the Sabbath was instituted, right? All right. God worked six days, rested the seventh. But you got to remember the seventh day was not Sunday. Seventh day was Saturday. Sunday is the first day of the week according to the Bible and according to your calendar. You look on it, you can see Sunday is the first day of the week. Amen. That's right. Right. So, in the New Testament though, the disciples never celebrated an Easter until the second century. I'm reading this off of several um interviews that we've had I had with different people that that prove this fact that disciples because remember they met on Sunday to commemorate the resurrection. That's why we do. That's why the Old Testament had to be done away with the Old Testament Sabbath Saturday to where now that we have a resurrection every day, Sunday, I mean Sunday, every Sunday we come to church for a resurrection. Everybody with me? Amen. So, but it is tied to fertility and all this other stuff. And the reason I'm telling you this is because when we get started, we're going to see in every situation when God hits the earth, Satan hits the earth, too. There's always a set of twins. There's always two opposing forces. There's always two spirits working. Even in the framework of this church, if you're not born again today, you are of another spirit. Now, you may be wanting to or you may be on your journey to, but you are of another spirit. and we'll talk about it here in just a little while. So, let's stand to our feet. God bless you. Thank you for all of you being here today. I want to just kind of give you that that that Easter is celebrated. We understand and know. We know why. But the world has turned it into just like Christmas and all the other pagan holidays has turned it into what? Moneym scheme. Right. Amen. eggs, rabbits, chickens. You ought to seen the I don't know how many people ordered chickens online and we had to deliver them because the post office still delivers live animals. Not a cat or a dog, but small animals. So, we've delivered many, many um chicklets this past couple of weeks. So, but that's what the world's turned it into. We know it was the death, burial, and resurrection of our Lord Jesus. And then we become in newness of life when you get born again. Yes, sir. So, we're going to just for a moment, a body hast thou prepared me? Let's go to Hebrews 10:1. You say, "What has this got to do with the resurrection and Easter?" Well, if you'll hang on a little bit and and you can take a nap in between, but kind of stay awake for the end. Hebrews 10 verse one. For the law having a shadow, now watch. For the law having a shadow of good things to come. Remember Jesus Christ came under the law. Everybody with me? The law didn't end until the day of Pentecost on 120 in the upper room when Jesus said, "This is a new testament in my blood. It's going to be a new commandment that it's not going to be the blood of an animal anymore. It's going to be the blood of a man." And this man was Jesus Christ. for the law having a shadow of good things to come. You can't do away with the Old Testament. The Old Testament is just as much mine as the New Testament is. Because you know what Paul did? Paul sat down one day for three years. He didn't have a quote book. He didn't have a New Testament. He didn't have a Bible. All he had was a pen and a piece of paper. And he took the Old Testament and by the Holy Ghost wrote 80% of the New Testament for us to enjoy today. That's right. And this is actually him saying this in the book of Hebrews. For the law having a shadow of good things to come and not the very image of the things can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers there too perfect. In other words, come up every year, come up to the Passover or whatever it is. Uh then you you put your lamb up there, you know, you put your head on the lamb, the lamb dies, you walk away. If you were a liar, you're still a liar. If you're an adulterer, you still But your sin though was at that point was covered until the next year. But there had to be another sacrifice made the next year. But we know that didn't when Jesus died, one sacrifice, he died once for all. We don't have to do that anymore. All we have to do is sacrifice our life. Yes, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers or the people that come there into perfect for then would they not have ceased to be offered. He's asking a question because that the worshipper once purged should have no more conscious of sins. Amen. But in these sacrifices there's a remembrance again made of sin. Every year they had to sit down. They had to get a calendar out and they had to know what day that they go to the temple. what was their time to go and if they had this and if they had two turtle doves and if they had a lamb they had to put all that up and it was just ritual back and forth but it did nothing to make them eternal. It did nothing to make them Christians because the only way you can be Christian is be Christlike and have Christ inside of you. Okay, everybody with me? For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins. Wherefore when he cometh into the world, who's he? Jesus Christ. He says, "Sacrifice and offerings thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me. In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin, thou has no pleasure." Jehovah said one time, he said, "It's just a stink in my nostrils, but it's something I'm going to have to do because I can't look at you with eyeball to eyeball. There's got to be a substitute between me and you." Everybody with me? Amen. Because remember, before he saw Adam in the garden, he killed a lamb, threw the skins in, they put them on, then they walked out. So there has to be a law of substitution. There had to be a substitution because a God is a holy God and we're filth. Amen. But there's a substitute that came in between that that made us to where we could come before God. Now we can come boldly. Back then, you couldn't go to the Holy of Holies. Amen. Wherefore when he cometh unto the world, he says, "Sacrifice and offerings I wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me. And burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin, thou hast no pleasure." Then said I, "Lo, I come in the volume of the book. It is written of me to do thy will, oh God." You may be seeing the Lord as blessing, but you got to start somewhere. That's right. This is where that Paul gets what he just said. This is where he gets it from. Psalms 40:6. Sacrifice and offerings thou didest not desire. Mine ears hast thou opened. Burnt offerings and sin offerings hast thou not required. And that that word means ask for. Then said I, lo, I come. And the volume, the writings are the record book of God. It is written are recorded of me. Now, every one of us today, I delight to do thy will, oh my God. Yeah, thy law is within my heart. Every one of you sitting here today, you're a book. You are a book. Remember the old saying, I can read you like a and then it said, don't judge the book by its cover. Well, you can start there. Everybody with me? But we're all a book. were written epistles. Something has been written about you. You just got to find it in the Bible. You're either a sinner or a saint. One of the two. There's a Listen, for those of you that don't come here a lot, there's two opposing forces. Oh, yeah. It's a good one and a bad one. There ain't no in between. There ain't no gray area in God. No, sir. You're either born again and going to heaven, or you're not born again, you're going to hell. I'm sorry. That's just the way it is. And I didn't write the book. He did. So you argue with him. Don't argue with me. Argue with him. But there is a way out. It is so simple that people Hallelujah. Amen. They wrestle at it when all you got to do is is through your mouth let your book open up and speak and say I am sorry God. I didn't mean to do that. That's right. And mean it from your heart. Mean it from the core of that book. Not just from lip service. Many people, as I've said many times before, many people are sorry they got caught. They're not sorry that they're sorry. That's why people go to jail and they get Jesus in jail. Come on, somebody. But now, some come out with him, some come out and left him in there. But if you and I get born again, he'll never leave you or forsake you. You can't outrun God. Hallelujah. You can never outrun God. You can run as long as you want to, but there's going to be one time he's going to say, "Make a choice, big boy. Make a choice, girl. You better make it now." So now, let's let's see where all this If a body's been prepared by the Lord himself, and we're part of his body, being the bride of Christ, is everybody with me? Amen. Amen. We got to go where to find where that body started and why it had to come to Calvary. Everybody with me? So Genesis 1:26, the second the first favorite scripture in the Bible for me, and then the other one is the body hast thou prepared me? So in Genesis 1:26, and God said, "Let us make man in our own image, and after our likeness." Now Joshua is sitting back there today, and whether he likes it or not, he was made in my image. He may not act like me, but he looks like me. Why? He's my progeny. He's my genetic makeup. Whatever I have inside of me as a genetic strand, he's got parts of it. Everybody with me? So when God said, "Let us make man," he ain't talking about all mankind. God is not in every individual in the world. Amen. He has a group of people that is his children, his progeny. Yes, sir. That has come forth from him and was going to come forth from him. Let me make a statement real quick. God always wanted to live in human flesh. Amen. But so did the devil. Twins. So did the devil. Why do you think he got in the beast and did what he did with Eve? He wanted to interject himself into flesh of a human race. Cuz Satan can't create. He only perverts. God created Adam. Amen. In his own image. But remember when we talk about that person that was a spirit first. Yes. With me? Those of you been here a long time, you'll know that. You'll know this. Dad's preached on this for 50 years, 40 years. Let them have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the foul of the air and over the cattle and over all the earth. Now, that can't be the devil's kids. That's only the children of God that he has given them authority over the earth. Everybody with me? All right. So, now there's going to be though a time where there's going to be a drift off to one side and we'll get to in just a second. Oh, I said here I had a Let me tell you something. Thursday night, I had a Gethsemane. Praise the Lord. And I'm sorry. I've been dilatory and I've not studied like I should and brought the word like I should. And I apologize for that. But when I got Thursday night finished, he won. Amen. He won. I didn't win. He won. You ought to all have a Gethsemane. You got to get down and have shed your tears of blood and say, "Not my will, Lord, but thy will be done." We're human. and I want to go do things. I want to go do stuff. Come on, brother. But no, Paul was a prisoner of Christ. He wasn't a prisoner in a dungeon somewhere. He was a prisoner of Christ. That's what put him in a natural dungeon. Amen. So remember, there's two forces and that's it. There's God and there's Satan. That's right. Amen. And they both want the same thing, but in a different way. Right. Amen. Right. He wants his kingdom. He's got it temporarily. Amen. But we're a kingdom of eternity. Yes, sir. We're a king of We're a kingdom of the most high. We are his children. Yes. Amen. We are his offspring. And he has gi us rulership over all the earth. Now, the first earth you got to get rulership over is what? This one. Not my will, but thy will be done. And there is no doubt there has been there was hundreds of thousands of crucifixions. It was starting way before Jesus was even born. And I'm sure in Jesus Jesus's life, Brother Bob, he's walked by and looked and saw somebody hanging on the cross, screaming and wailing. It wasn't a new thing, folks. They did it every day. They'd throw them up on the cross, crucify them. He didn't die. They'd break their legs with a with a big old stick and throw them over in a pit. Right. So, no doubt Jesus saw what he was going to. He said, "Not my will, but thy will be done. I'm not doing this for myself. I'm doing it for my children." Because Adam, the first Adam, lost this all. That's right. God had to hold on a minute with his plan. Everybody with me? That's right. How patient is God? For thousands of years, he's been waiting for a body to get here. His plan is perfect. He never had to change it in the middle of it. It's always been the same. That's right. So listen, over the earth and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, everything. So God created man in his own image, and the image of God created he him. Now look, male and female created he them. Right? Everybody with me on that cuz we're going to get into something just a second that I believe it'll help you. And God blessed them. So in other words, he created a form, but it's in plurality. We know who we are, male and female. Right? There's only two. There's not inbetweens and five different degrees of this, and you can do whatever you want to here. And there's all kind of stuff. Well, anyway, whatever. Believe what you want to, but it's cursed. Anything outside this word is cursed. I don't care how smart it sounds. I don't care how good it looks. It's cursed. And God blessed them. Now, how would everybody like to be blessed today where God says, "I have blessed you." Everybody in here should be. If you hadn't, then you're missing the blessing. Amen. I could say, "Bless you today." You could go to the Catholic church and the pope could say, "I bless you today." But when God blesses you, it's for an eternity. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth." Now remember that was before they were put in human flesh. So how was God going to procreate the earth? Cuz remember, brother Jim, he said multiply. How's he going to multiply? Spiritual multiplication. You see what it turned into when the twin come into view, right? It was by sexual desire. Not supposed to been that way. Everybody with me? Don't get quiet. And God blessed him and God said unto them, he's talking right to him. But guess who's standing there while he's talking? Diablo. The devil. Himself. Yes. Was standing there listening. The prophet of God said he knew the principles of life. Why? He could see the animals procreating. That's right. He's just sitting there waiting. And when God put Adam and Eve in human flesh or put Adam in human flesh and Eve came out, he said, "Right there is my way in." But now remember, God made them first so that he could get in them. Have children spiritually, not by sex desire. All right? And have dominion over the fish of the sea and the foul of the air. He blessed them. Multiply, replenish the earth, and subdue it. and have dominion over the fish of the sea and the foul of the air and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. Sorry, brother. Have to slow down a little bit. And God said, "Behold, I've given you every herbbearing seed." Now, watch what God says. Now, remember, whether you believe this or not, that's the same God that hung on the cross. That's right. There's not three gods. Amen. There's not two different gods. There's not a God and a son. There's a God that became a son. That's right. Boy, what a revelation. Amen. God became a son so he could die for me and you. God can't die. That's right. Amen. And God's a spirit. Jesus said, he said, "Those that worship me must worship him in spirit and truth." That's right. But there he stood in human flesh. And they couldn't understand who he was. Right. Behold, I've given you every herb bearing seed. Somebody called me those asked, "Would we would we eat meat in the millennium?" I No, I don't think so. I think we revert back to what we did in the garden where we didn't eat each other, the animals. We ate of the best fruit you'll ever have in your life. It doesn't have to be sprayed with MSG. It don't have to come from Florida when it's out of season. Everybody with me? It's right there all the time. Whatever your desire is, that's what's going to happen. Amen. To it to you it shall be for meat and to every beast of the earth and every foul of the earth. do everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life. I have given every green herb for meat, and it was so. Yes. Now look, and God saw everything that he had made. Now remember, God can't change his mind, right? He can't say, "Whoops, I made a mistake." In other words, he said, "This is my plan. This is the way it's going to be because I see the end of this." And God saw everything that he had made. Now watch. And behold, remember back in Genesis 1, two, three, four, five, six, he said, "And it was good." He said, "And it was good." Made the cattle and it was good. Now, when he got finished making man, he said it was very good. And the evening and the morning was the sixth day. That's why the evening at 6:00 starts the Jewish day. Everybody with me? Okay. But now remember God was lonely. And when Adam came out, he was a ruler of the world. He ruled this whole earth in spirit form. Everybody with me? Then what did he do? He took that man and put him into human flesh. Yes, sir. You say, "How can that happen?" You need to ask God. He's God. I'm not. Okay? God can do whatever he wants to do. Yes, sir. He sprinkled some dust over him a few years after that and became Melzdc. So he can do whatever he wants to do. But this is his plan. I love it. I want to go by it. There's nothing in the world I want besides that. Cuz listen, let me tell you something. I think about yesterday. How many of you ever saw Job? How many of you ever saw Jesus? Isaiah, Jeremiah, Moses. Oh, you never seen them, have you? You have no evidence they ever existed, except believing what the word of God says. And what does it do? It resonates inside from here, not up here. Up here, you're wrestled. Down here, you won't. Oh, yeah. You may still throw something back and forth, but once you get it settled in here, that's why I know this Bible's right. That's why I know the message of God is right. He sent us a message, and that message is right. Find me a different one that's better. I'll listen to it. Yeah. Garbage. Everything outside of this word of God is garbage. We're all garbage outside of the word of God. Man told me one time, he said, "Why in the world did Brother Random call women dog meat?" I said, "Brother, you're dog meat." Brother, I'm dog meat. Until I'm born again, I was dog meat. Until you were born again, you're dog meat. That's right. Cannon fire. You say, "I don't believe that." See, you become an unbeliever when you say, "I don't believe." You immediately become an unbeliever when you say, "I don't believe that." Now, if you're a believer and something's in error and you say, "I don't believe that." That shows where you got the Holy Ghost. Cuz we'll look at something in just a few minutes if we get to it. Now, maybe a little long today, but you ain't got nothing else to do. You might get a little bit, but that'll keep you awake. If your neighbor's belly sounds loud, you'll stay awake, maybe. But now listen. So, what did God do? He began to start his family. Genesis is a C chapter. All right. He started his family in Genesis, remember? The way he wanted it started because God don't make a mistake. You with me? Adam put Adam in flesh. But now once he put Adam in flesh, now watch. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground. In other words, 16 elements. And breathe into his nostrils a breath of life, and man became a living soul. Now, remember, there was just one man, Adam. All right? There was something inside of him, but was not yet ready to be revealed. Everybody with me? Because remember, God said, "I'm lonely. Adam says, "I'm lonely." God was lonely because Adam was inside of him. Adam was lonely because Eve was inside of him. Hallelujah. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathe into his nostrils a breath of life, and he became a living salt. And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden, and there he put the man whom he had formed. All right, y'all with me? Hang in here. We're getting somewhere. It may take a minute. Genesis 2:1 17. Now, he tells Adam, and remember, Eve is in Adam in theophony. If you don't understand that, study it out. Theophony is what? A body of God or not flesh. It's a um it's actually better than flesh because it's it's it's the body of God. God was eternal. God was a spirit. But now remember that transformation goes over from here into a body. So he took Adam and put him into a body so that he could fellowship with him. Then when he got to fellowshipping with Adam, Adam said, "Man, I'm lonely." Now watch. But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt need not eat of it. For in the day thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die. That's pretty specific. You might. You might. No, you might. Know not you might, you will. Yes, that's right. You will die. And the Lord God said, "It is not good that the man should be alone. I will make him and help me for him." Now, what did he do? Did he go and create another body? Did he go create another spirit? Hello. Because remember, when God formed Adam, he didn't create another spirit. It was his spirit in another form. Everybody with me? It was his spirit in another form. Listen, devil's over here wondering what in the world's going on. I want a part of this. I want in on it. And God said, "You stay over there." I'm the creator. You can't. You stay over there. And the devil's like, "I ain't staying over there. I'm going over there. I'm gonna figure out how to get into that just like he did." Right? And out of the ground, the Lord God formed every beast of the field. Now watch. He's specific. When when Oh, how many of y'all believe that Moses wrote this first four books of the Bible? Five books of the Bible. How do you know that? How do you know that? Prove it. It's Jewish tradition way back. They got the scrolls. But just like this Bible or just like anything else, you can pervert it. You can have somebody else write it. That's why if we don't put our faith in what God did in this Bible, we're lost. And listen, we are believers. Remember, we what? We believe so that we can see. Yes, sir. We don't go looking for something so that we can believe it afterwards. No, no, no, no, no. Amen. Amen. I met Jesus Thursday night, but he wasn't in a corporal body. He was in the word of God. And that word of God spoke to this word that I am and said, "That ain't nothing but the truth." Amen. That's what you got to decide today. Amen. What is truth? Pilot said, you know why Pilate said that? He didn't know the truth. Right. The truth was standing right in front of him. He didn't know who it was. Right. Yes, sir. It's not good man should be alone. and I will make him a help meat. And out of the ground the Lord formed every beast. Now watch, God is saying, I'm forming every beast out of the ground. Amen. I am creating animals foul and brought them under Adam to see what he would call them. And whatsoever Adam called every living creature that was a name thereof. There is the confidence, brother Carlos. That was the confidence God had in his son at the time. Right. Amen. They didn't this big gray thing walk by with a trunk and big old tusk and and and Adam says that's an elephant. And God said, "No, no, no, no. That's not what that was." No. You know what he did? He said, "That's exactly what I was thinking." We have the mind of God. He had the mind of God. He had the mind of a creator. He was in line. But remember, he never was a savior. He couldn't be a savior. That's why when he did what he did and they got cast out of the garden, Adam went with Eve because he thought he could save her. No, he went with her and found out he was lost, too. He's not a savior. But the second Adam sure is cuz that's the body I want to be included with. We'll see Adam. We'll see Eve, but I want to see Jesus. And out of the ground, the Lord God formed every beast of the field, brought him to Adam. And that was a name and that's the way it's been since the dawn of time. Yes, sir. And Adam gave names to all the cattle and fowl of the air and every beast of the field. But for Adam there was not found and help me for him. Adam could look and see female dog, male dog, female cat, male cat, female this lamb, male lamb. Everybody with me? And the Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam. He slept. And he took out of his ribs, one of his ribs, not two. He didn't make two eaves. He made one. Everybody with me? Okay. And he took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh instead thereof. What a master physician. Amen. Take take a piece of a man out, put the thing back, close it back up, and then take that one piece of bone and make another human being out of it. But remember, whose bone was it? Adam's. So, he did a little surgery, then he did a little creating. He didn't create, he used from the creation that he had. And the rib which the Lord God had taken from man made he a woman and brought her unto the man. And Adam said, "Now watch." What was the first woman's name? Huh? Actually, she was called woman, but she was Adam. We We'll read that in just a minute. And Adam said, "This is now bone of my bone and flesh of my f flesh." Really? That's exactly what they were. She shall be called woman or man with a womb. All right? Because she was taken out of man. Therefore shall a man leave his father and mother and shall cleave unto his wife, and they shall be one flesh. And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. Walked around the whole time, no clothes on because they didn't have a carnal mind. Everybody with me? But now remember, we're going to see here in just a few minutes when we read it that her name was Adam. Amen. Now, we we go on over 6,000 years and we hear brother Brandham on I think it's uh Christ the Mystery or somewhere he says she is him. Amen. Bone of his bone. Flesh of his flesh, life of his life. She is him. Amen. Eve was Adam in another form. Amen. You are the bride of Christ in another form. You I was listening to preacher the other day and he said, "You know, Eve is not a really good name because Eve, brother, you know, the Adam says she's the mother of all living. That's why I'm going to name her Eve." And that's what Eve means. But Eve also means she committed adultery. She wasn't woman anymore. She wasn't his woman anymore. Think about that. Are we just called Miss Jesus Christ or are we miss Jesus Christ? If we are miss Jesus Christ, we'll do what Jesus did because we have his life inside of us. And the Lord God said unto the serpent, "Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle and every beast of the field. Upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life." when he finds out and comes to Adam and Eve, he sees now that he didn't he wasn't surprised at all. He knew what was going to happen, but he had to make them witness what happened. What have you done? What he said, Adam, what he done? Well, it's my wife. Is that woman you gave me? The woman says, what? He said, what happened to you? He said, well, that beast over there. Like brother Rab said, it was passing the buck. passage, somebody else's fault, right? But God said, "Hold on just a minute. I made a covenant and you did not meet your end of the covenant." Right? Eat of everything but that. Yes. So now Eve, you believe what you want to. You can believe it was an apple if you want to. But now Eve was not a virgin anymore. Her womb was polluted. this one first, then the natural one. But see, remember Satan has to do it carnally. He cannot create. So he had to use, excuse my expression, he had to use the sperm of a beast to inject himself into the human race. And and the Lord had already said whatever seed brings forth of its kind. So he had to give it life. He had to give Cain life because he said he did. That's right. Everybody with me? So remember, God can't dwell in an unclean vessel or come through an unclean vessel. He was if Eve would have waited, Adam and Eve would have been the spoken word of God. They would have spoke the children into existence. Without sex, without sin, and we just live for an eternity. But God had attributes. His attribute was a healer. There was nothing to heal. God was a savior. We know today God what? This is why he did it. Amen. He was a savior, but there was nobody to save. But he knew. Put him on free more legacy. Okay, if you do this, you're cursed. He knew she wasn't going to do it. He knew she was going to break that covenant. But remember, when God stepped on the scene and says, "I will. You can put money in the bank." Amen. Hallelujah. So God after all this happens, he knows he cannot interject himself into the human race like he wants to. Everybody with me? Amen. That Genesis 1 man eternal life and eternal life is a book. That's right. In symbol, we know it wasn't a book that they had to read with names in it. I'll promise you, you stand before the white throne judgment, there's not going to be a great big dusty book opened up. They have to find your name. No, you going to know cuz you're the one that wrote it. Good or bad. Nobody knows you but you and God. Nobody knows you but you and God. And the devil tries to get in there every once in a while. If you don't know Jesus, then you are go. You're you're the devil anyway. Now watch. because you have done this, thou art cursed above all cattle. He's separating it now. I can't build this body that I'm trying to prepare at this moment. Right. Told the serpent, on your belly you shall go. That's why the serpent was not a snake before the fall. He was turned into a snake. And dust shalt thou eat all the days of your life. And I will put enmity. Right. Right. God said, "I will put enmity." That word enmity means hatred, division or chasm. In other words, I hate sin. I can't look at you anymore without a substitution without a blood sacrifice. I cannot look at you. Amen. So now if he made that statement, he's got to make a way to get back across chasm because of this right here. And I will put enmity, hatred, division, chasm, a great gulf fixed between us and God. Between which means among or in the midst of thee, and the woman and between thy seed and her seed. Now remember, thy seed was the serpent coming from the beast, interjecting into Eve, brought forth Caines. Everybody with me? If you don't understand that, ask somebody. They'll talk to you about it. And her seed. Now look, a woman doesn't have a seed. A woman can't get pregnant by herself. Oh yeah, they may have this artificial insemination and all that stuff, but they're still has the sperm come from a man. Woman cannot make sperm. Everybody with me? Sorry about that if the kids here, but I'm sorry. So, there's going to be a division, but listen, between thy seed and her seed or offspring, it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel. It it what? The seed of the woman. Jesus was the seed of the woman. We're going to get down here in just a minute. Mary had zero to do with Jesus coming in the womb of of a virgin. Zero. That's right. If there was any connection, that body would been human with a carnal mind. Are you with me? Cuz every one of you in this building right here, I don't care who you are, you born the same way. Come from the same act, come through the same womb. Not the same womb. You understand? Come through the same way. Everybody. Thank you. But it what the seed of the woman shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel. pointing to Satan putting him on the cross at Calvary. But we remember we're the ones that did it. But Satan was the instigator. Remember, you had a set of twins. You had Jesus and Judas. You had a set of twins. You had Esau and Jacob. You had Cain and Abel. Jesus and Judas, right? The word and the non-word. We're going to look at that in just a few minutes. Amen. Cuz remember the original material, listen to me now, the original material that God wanted was his first son. Adam, created son, Adam. That's what he wanted. There was no sperm. There was no egg. It was just Adam. That's the way he wanted it. But once this happened, he had to come now to where he had to come through that womb to clean the womb out. Amen. Everybody with me? Oh, what a perfect plan of God. And to the woman, he said, "I will greatly multiply your sorrow and your conception." You sisters know exactly what we're talking about. I cannot have a baby. I don't care what the world says. A man has never had a baby. Sorry. Could say something, but I'm not. In sorrow thou shalt bring forth children, and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee. Remember, until that time they were equal. She was him. She didn't have a name. She was him. There I go. And it'd be Eve and oneness with God. Brother Ram said, "God looked down in the Garden of Eden and there was Adam and Eve and he saw one cuz remember, he's not going to have two brides. When he looks down, he's going to have one bride." And she's going to be without spot or wrinkle. We got to get to that because we're pretty wrinkly and pretty spotted at this moment. Everybody with me? Just say it plain right here at this moment. This scripture, we are pretty messed up. Amen. And unless God does something, we're going to stay messed up. But praise God, he did. Now watch. You see what Eve did? I'll read it to you in just a few minutes, but I'll I'll emphasize this. He said, "Don't eat from that tree." Right? Don't eat from that tree. Eat from this one. Right? Jesus walks up one day and he says, "I am the vine. You are the branches." What her problem was, brother Donnie, she hooked herself to the wrong tree. Amen. Eve hooked herself to the wrong tree. And when she did, she produced something besides what God wanted produced. Amen. And to Adam, he said, "Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it." He didn't curse Adam. He didn't curse Eve. He cursed the ground. And I have myself a note. Where was your body at that time? Yes, sir. Your body was s You're made out of 16 elements. potassium, calcium, potachsh, garbled garbage. Your mom and daddy ate food from this ground. That food went into their body and produced sperm and egg for the man and woman. Everybody with me? So, everybody came here the same way, right? and you were born from this earth. So the earth was cursed, so you're cursed. That's why we get older. Cuz it's a cursed thing that we're in. But God made a way for us to get out of that. Amen. Thou shalt eat of it. Cursed is the ground for thy sake. Thou shalt not eat of it. And sorrow thou shalt eat of it all the days of your life. Thorns also and thistles shall bring forth, and thou shalt eat the herb herb of the field, and the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread. You'll have Mondays. You'll have overtime. Amen. You'll have 100 degree days when your tire goes flat in the middle of the interstate. In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return to the ground. For out of it was thou taken. For dust thou art, and to dust you're going to return. Amen. Now look, after all that, Adam called his wife's name Eve because she was the mother of all living. Now, let's jump over to Genesis 5. Here we go. We're going to look at the book still. Now, look, this is the book of the generations of Adam and the day that God created man in the likeness of God made he him. male and female created he them blessed them and called their name Adam in the day they were created got messed up later on but in the day they got created or was created her name was Mrs. Jesus Christ. That's right. May I jump over a few thousand years? She was him. She was literally him. Listen, that's what God wanted. That's what God wanted. That's his plan. But by permissive will, we all came off of that tree. Your mama, mama for that, daddy daddy for that. You got hooked to the wrong tree. Amen. and the fruit you brought forth because remember the branches bear the fruit. The vine is the life. So we got in the wrong tree life, right? So we come forth a product of Satan. Amen. Oh, don't get quiet on me. That's right. That's how we all got started. Oh, my mama was a saint. My daddy was a saint. That's okay. So was um Esau and Jacob's parents were godly parents. You see what came out of them. Amen. I am the vine. You are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him. The same bring forth what? The tree of life. For without me you can do nothing. She attached herself to the tree of knowledge and brought forth a child of Satan. Now, what we're trying to do is is get back attached to the tree of life. And by the new birth, we are attached to the tree of life. And we're going to bring forth fruit, as the New Testament says, faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, are love, joy, peace, longsuffering, all those different virtues. That's what fruits of the spirit, that's why they call fruits of the spirit. Comes off of a tree. Amen. The God tree, not the devil tree. Amen. So, both wanted to be expressed in human flesh. That was their whole goal. You say, "How do you know that?" What's the beast going to be in the end time? Incarnate devil. Amen. What's the bride going to be in the end time? Incarnate God. And Adam called his wife's name Eve because she was a mother of all living. The true bride body was not expressed yet. She was his bride. Absolutely. Adam and Eve, right? But that's not the one God wanted. God wanted, as brother Ram preached, a masterpiece. And what a masterpiece it was cuz it's a masterpiece family that he's trying to produce and going to produce. Listen, God don't try anything. I said that wrong. God doesn't try anything. You know, you're going to say, "Tomorrow, I'm going to try to do it this way. I'm gonna try to go." God don't do that. Every move he makes is right. What do we got to do? We got to attach oursel to that. She took her own wisdom, the wisdom the devil put in front of her and not God's wisdom. So what happened? God's sitting here. He's want to build his body. He's got his bride. He's got his groom, right? She's she's virgin at the time. I'm talking about before the fall. He's getting ready because Adam had that title deed. Now, what was the title deed? It was names on a book. Redemptive names on the book. The only book God is worried about, the only book I'm worried about is is being in the book of the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. Eternal life. Yes, sir. There's a book of life written about all of us. But oh, praise God. There's a section that's gone now. Amen. Hallelujah. It's gone. God put a place where he created a place he couldn't even go itself. The sea of God's forgetfulness never to be remembered again. Oh my. The forfeited title deed is now in the hands of the original owner, Almighty God. Adam couldn't produce it. He said, "All right, Adam, you can't you cannot give someone eternal life. Is that all right? You've messed up. I was going to bring myself through Eve and my children my my Genesis 1:26 progeny but I can't come or dwell in an unclean vessel and I can't come out of something did that what didn't Jesus say can some how can something clean come from something unclean can't happen. It's why we have to be washed by the water of the word. That's why we have to come to church. That's why we have to do the things of God. Come on. Try doing the things of God first. You pray all you want to, but that doesn't resonate in mine. My book says if you don't come to church, you ain't a Christian. That's right. Amen. I'm sorry, but that's what the prophet said and that's what the Bible says. That's right. So, you can figure it out for your own self. You say, "Oh, that's just a ritual." You can make it that. You can come to church every day and die and go to hell. But you can't sit at home every day and go to heaven. I'm going to do Well, preach, Brother Wade. I believe it will. Amen. Listen, it's time we get down to the brass tax. You either going to make it or you're not. Absolutely. And you can't make it by yourself and your own ideas. That is correct. We have to absolutely put oursel in him. That's right. Cuz at Calvary, there was an open womb. getting ahead of myself. He closed one up in the Garden of Eden so Eve couldn't get back inside of Adam. Right. But at Calvary, he had a wound. And guess what? Water and blood came out. Right. Made a way we could get back in. Correct. Amen. Absolutely. Amen. If you're not in Christ, you're lost. the title deed to the earth and to eternal life. So this book is a book of redemptive names. The Genesis 1:26 progeny of God. Everybody with me? Now we know one thing's for sure. Jesus died at Calvary for the whole world. He couldn't differentiate and say, "I'm just dying for this group." That's right. because he said himself, you know, John 3:16, God Jesus quotes that. That that's him talking. For God so loved the world, he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believe in him shall have eternal life. Problem is like brother Aaron's preaching. Yeah, we want to get him off the cross or we want to see that he was on the cross, but what about getting inside of you? That's right. You want him to be your savior? Oh yes. You want him to be your Lord? No. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I ain't nobody going to tell me what to do. The white throne judgment will tell you what to do. Amen. Hello. The title deed to the earth and to eternal life. When Adam forfeit it, then Satan's dirty hands could not take it. So, it went back to its original owner, God himself. Yes. Amen. Now remember remember it was a physical book but for us to understand for us to understand we have to say it was something like a book cuz there's things written in here right? Everybody with me? We're going to find out in just a minute there he sits on the throne with his hand. Now we gonna get to Revelations 5 later on but this is what's going to culminate in Revelations 5. There's going to be a bloody lamb that is alive now. Amen. That's going to take that book that Adam forfeited. Yeah, that's right. Right. Take it out of the hands of the original owner and say, "This is mine. I've been waiting on this for 6,000 years. It's mine. It's my book." Those are my kids. Those are my progyny. Amen. They come from me. Oh, how many of you can say, "I come from God and I go back to God." You better believe that. Absolutely. You better believe. You come from God and you say, "Oh, that's pretty bad." Well, the Bible even says that what? You're God's who the word comes to. But listen, we're not going to come any other way than the shed blood of Jesus Christ. And it's not the message of the hour. Oh, don't get quiet. Yeah, I think I'll take a drink while you throw something. You got to know Jesus Christ first. If you know Jesus Christ, I'll promise you he'll take you to the message cuz the she is him. How's he going to reproduce himself? He's got to have a virgin bride. How's he going to reproduce himself with dirty word? How's he going to repossess himself with a critical stinking attitude that everybody's wrong and you're right? Oh, I saw you, brother Aaron. I saw you the other day. Put whatever that isn't in there. Critical spirits are hard spirits to break. Amen. You see, that was Judas's problem. Yeah. There we go to the twins again. Because remember, and I had got to that yet, but I'm gonna get to it right now. When you have twins, now when you have natural twins, like where's Zoe and Kaylee? Joey and Kaylee, they're the only twins in the house, I think. Anybody else said twins? They're not identical. Absolutely not identical. Questionable sometimes. But they came, listen honestly, they came from the same act. They came from the same mother and father. Right? So now they have the progeny of their parents inside of them though they were a split. Okay? Not identical. Okay? Didn't split the egg, but it had two different eggs, right? Isn't that where you get the two without the identical twins? But in God, if there's ever a second, it's material that he didn't produce. Think about it. Shock factor here. Did Did the right seed produce Cain? Huh? He was a twin. Right seed produces the right person. Not twins. Amen. There's not twins in God. No, you and him. That's not twins either. She is him. Remember, she's not him. She's him. So when you look at twin material, you look at Cain. Cain was twin material. Cain came from the same womb. Everybody with me? Different seed, same place. Everybody with me here for a second? All right, I'm about halfway finished. Praise. Listen, that people are going to be eating. The the restaurants are going to be full of Easter people. That's what I told him. We went to that Methodist church. When we went out to eat, it was right in the middle when everybody else got out and we had to stand away for 15 or 20 minutes at a Mexican restaurant. And we sat down and I looked at the girl that worked with me and I said, "You know, if I had preached a little longer, it'd been empty." Cuz about 30 minutes after we got there and got seated, the all the church goers left. You know what she said? She said, "If you'd have quit 30 minutes earlier, we'd have got here before they did." The devil knows how to answer a question. Praise God. Anyway, yeah, she said 30 minutes earlier, we'd have got here in front of this. Anyway, so they're going to be out there eating. So, let's just talk a little while and then when they empty out, we'll go eat a little while. I like eating here, man. When I was doing Thursday night, I'm telling you, I had a It was an experience that you should have. I don't want you to have mine. You have your own. You got to come to a place where you're fixing to go to Calvary. You're getting ready to die. Amen. You got to die to yourself here. You can't do it at the cross. [Music] Praise God. He gave us the opportunity to do that right now today. Hallelujah. Yes. but twin material. You look back through time and you see Cain religious, right? Did everything he thought was right, right? Huh? Went to the same church, right? Judas Jesus. Yep. Listen, Judas had the same ministry. He cast out devils, spoke in tongues. He was sanctified. Yes. He looked like a pretty good message believer. But he was a devil. Why? Cuz he wasn't in his soul. Until God gets in your soul, you will doubt everything in the world. But when you get born again, you are connected to eternal life. And when it speaks, you got to speak back. You got to say like Sister Hattie, right? That ain't nothing but the truth. I don't have to understand everything. Exactly. Brother Ram said, "You scholars, you know the Bible." He said, "You may know all the Bible." He said, "But I know the author pretty well." And if I know the author pretty well, he'll tell me what's in that Bible. Amen. Hallelujah. That was my problem. I wasn't spending my time wisely to the things of God. And I apologize. I'm just man enough to own up to it. I just did not spend the time I should spend. That won't happen again because when I started into this, it became fresh, brand new, live. I knew where it came from. Now you got to do with it what you're supposed to do with it. But twin material was Cain, Esau. They came from the same womb. Jacob have I loved, Esau have I hated. Now, we didn't say that. God did because he knew what Esau would do. Judas, Jesus, Antichrist, Christ, different material, twin material. We do not ever want to be a twin. Think about it. Sorry twins in God. So it's okay. You're fine. It's not I'm not talking about natural. You understand what I'm saying? If you have a different mindset, it's that twin mindset. It come from that twin material that he's telling you this ain't right. This is wrong. You shouldn't believe this. You shouldn't do that. Shouldn't do this. Go over here. Look at this. What he does is he takes you all away from God. Yeah. Put your mind on this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this. When the truth's laying right here in front of you. What did Mary do? Cuz remember this is where it all gets started. Hallelujah. The title deed, it disappeared for a while because the blood of bulls and goats didn't have eternal life in it. Everybody with me, brother Collins? RIP. Right. It didn't have eternal life. Blood of bulls and goats had the blood of an animal which only covered sin until God could come and take away sin. That sin was still there. bumping up against that blood. But remember the law of substitution is something had to take your place. Something had to take your place in the Old Testament. It was an animal. But that animal, there's no way that that life could come back and come into the person and make them righteous. Amen. Yeah. But remember the lamb of God, the life in him was not a man's life. It was God's life. And he could come back into the believer. All right. And save us. Yes, sir. Fill us with the Holy Ghost. Take us in the rapture. The title deed to eternal life. Abstract title deed to eternal life. When Adam forfeited it for wisdom and instead of faith, it went back to the hands of the owner, God Almighty. What a great thing. What a great thing. And remember, there is books of life. There is a book in Revelations 20 something that that's going to be open at the white throne judgment, right? You're not in that book if you're bride. You don't want to make it to that part cuz you going to be judged for your deeds and your works. But praise God, today if you're born again, you take God's works, you take God's deeds, you have the mind of Christ, and you're going to have the body of Christ before long. Amen. And in potential, your body now is going to obey the life that's inside of you. I said potentially. Remember, this thing's sticky. It's always going to be contrary to God. But there's got to somewhere you got to say, "That's it right there. I'm done. I ain't taking nothing else." So, the book of the redeemed or the bride body, we're talking about a body thou hast prepared me. There's no other way you can get around Calvary to make this new bride body. Well, don't get quiet. It wasn't produced in the Old Testament, was it? No. So now two bodies flesh bodies remember God wanted be in flesh Satan wanted to be in flesh right twins one true one opposing are twin material twin material will always always deny the word of God question the word of God and be critical to the word of God Amen. Because look, dad preached it a long time ago and I think I mentioned it when we went through. There's listen, there's two kind two kinds of virtue, two kinds of knowledge, two kinds of temperance, two kinds of patience, two kinds of godliness. There's one he said, brother M said, one is just your human quality, then there's the faith of God, the virtue of God, the knowledge of God, the temperance of God, and the patience of God. Everybody with me? But if you're twin material, think about this. If you're twin material, right there, you can't believe the unseen. You have to see it to believe it. That's not what a believer is. My faith is not twin faith or twin material. My faith is God said it. I believe it. And listen, hold on. And God's obligated to bring it to me if I want it. That's right. Amen. Obligated to bring it to me if I want it. The faith of God. All right. There's one faith cannot even believe what the unseen is. But the faith of God is something inside pushes out of you and changes your life eternally. Not today, not lose it tomorrow, not lose it next week. You know, that's what gets me. I am sorry. I'm going to say this. You can We got a building full of people and a lot of people out. So, I'll promise you one thing. If your life hadn't been changed from what you were, you're not born again. If your life if your life is the same as it was, what in the world did you get saved from? I've always said if you fall out of a boat into the water, can't swim, you swim like a rock. Amen. And somebody reaches out and grabs you and pulls you back into the boat, he has saved you. Yes, sir. Amen. Our problem is we jump back in the water. Right. preacher stand here and then me saying preach on you got to come to church you need to come to church only Christian come to church people come to church like three or four services and all of a sudden listen that fire will never go out if you get it one time from God it'll never go out it'll burn in your heart if you don't can't get in this church I said burn in your heart there's a lot of things my flesh wants to do I'm just going to be honest there's a lot of things my flesh wants to do even on Sunday pray for me then a lot of things more than you know but I got something inside of me that doesn't say you got to go to church it says you want to go it says you need to go I need fellowship. I need to see my brothers and sisters. I need to see. You know why? Because you're a witness of what's inside of you. And if you're not at church, I told somebody, remember a long time ago, I said, "You You say, "Well, where can I meet God? I I haven't found God in a long time." Look down there on that door. It says, "Service starts at 10:00." If you want to meet God, be here at 10:00. Amen. If you don't believe it, that makes you an unbeliever. You're twin material. I like that. Because listen, you and I are going to find out when we get to the end of this thing. You're going to be the material of God, body, spirit, and soul. Amen. You're not going to be the body of Samuel and Peggy Dale. Right? You're going to realize that you came from another source. You are not twin material. You have come from the Almighty and you're going back to the Almighty. Amen. But you can't do it. We're going to get into a lot of these things. Marriage and divorce, paying your tithe, coming to church, doing the things you're supposed to do. You say that's ritual. You can make it that. But it's got to be a want to. Absolutely. Absolutely. Everybody all right, sisters? You can't go and say, "My hair is just a little too long." Me and Brother Collie don't have that problem. Praise God. We we we worship with our head uncovered. All right. But it and listen, the old person wants to I see June and different ones. Yeah. I mean, you know, you got I love you, baby. Stand up [Laughter] here. Gabby, hold your hands up. But sometimes she'll get in a windstorm and look like Albert Einstein. And I'm trying to make a point here. I hope I'm trying to make a point here. I mean, it's like, but see, if we do that, of course, we don't have that problem, but if we had that problem like like Dalton does, you better hang on to that stuff, buddy. He can have that all flying everywhere and like, I don't like that anymore. I think I'm going to cut it off. That's right. Right. Josiah, you do the same thing. All of us, it just naturally comes out. Yeah, it's called the fall for a reason. Your hair falls out, your teeth fall out. But but you know what Sister June does? She doesn't go, "Well, I think I'll if I go behind this door and I think I'll just I don't know why I'm doing this, but I'm preaching anyway." You know, I think I'll get rid of them flyers. That's what I call them. Flyers. Flyers. Not flowers. Fly. Sarah, that's not funny. Flyers. You and I can get rid of them. If I see one sticking up right here, Sister Emma, it's going to go, I'm cutting it off, but they don't. And they don't do it because they think they'll get caught. That's right. By not doing it. Their hair is their glory. They're doing what the Bible said to do. It's an honor for you sisters to walk with your hair long. And I listen, I'm sorry. I've never had that problem. But there is when your hair is this long, there's only so much you can do with it, right? Everybody says they all the sisters say, "Amen." None of the men. Sorry, we don't have to handle that. So, what are we as bride material now? Bride material comes to church, right? Every Sunday. I know some of you can't get her on Wednesday night, but my goodness, if if Sister Trudy sitting back there, she's 80 something years old. Raise your hand up, Sister Trudy. She's in I ain't going to say she's just in her 80s. She drove four hours. How many years? 20. Roughly 20 years from from Charlotte, North Carolina to this church. Four hours to get there here. In other words, when you were still asleep, she was getting in a car to leave. That's right. Right. And when you got home and had your little supper and you had your little had your little meal with your family or and fellowship, she hadn't even got home yet. She did for 20 years. God honored her. Some of you live here 30 minutes, 20 minutes, 45 minutes away, and you think, "Oh, that's just too long. I can't get here." You'll think it's too long when you walk up that aisle of the white throne judgment. You say, "Well, I ain't got nothing to do with my Christianity." It's got everything to do because you are saying, "I don't need that. I'm sorry. I don't need that. Your sisters, I don't need that. I don't need hair long." God loves your hair long. And listen, if God loves whatever, we need to do it. Amen. So now twin knowledge does not judge God's word to be all true as the serpent did. Everybody with me? Yeah. Stick with me here for just a little bit. Does not judge God's word to be all true as the serpent did. Because remember he just added one word. You're not surely not. God said you will die. Surely die. He said not. I I don't think so. But true knowledge, I'm sorry, I didn't spell that right. Brings together the word of God and judges it true. Everybody with me? True knowledge brings together the word of God and judges it the truth. Let's look at Mary just for a moment. Talking about somebody that had to believe. Talking about somebody had to believe. Have you ever put yourself Who's in here? Who's 16 years old in here? Oh boy. And Melody and oh my do my granddaughter. I'm not going to use her for this example. But you're walking among your friends. You're 16 years old. You're walking one day. You've never known a man. You know, let me put it this way. You know what happens between a man and a woman. You're 16. You ought to know that by now, especially in this day and age. But Mary is just minding her own business. She's not in a temple. She's not before God. She's just walking to the, you know, I like what brother Ram says. She's just walking down the road. Something just appears out of the sky. Gabriel, he ain't got wings and he ain't a she. Preach. I believe it will. He doesn't have to get up there in the wings go. They do that for dramatization now, you know. But but I mean, you know, you angels don't have the wings. They go, "No, you know, I thank God that God let Billy Paul see the angel of the Lord." That's right. Amen. Okay. That brother Ram sees all the time. That's the angel of the Lord. Why would he come to somebody that ain't worth nothing? Because he deemed him worthy. He deemed him a prophet. A prophet of God. Everybody with me? So, here's the angel and and brother Paul said, "Dad, I'd like to see him just one time." He said, "Okay." he's heard your he's heard your request. You go stand over there. He said when he saw him, it was a what? It was like a Middle Eastern looking man standing there, you know, all powerful looking and all that. That was an angel. So, here comes this angel up to Mary. It's a stranger. Mary's never seen him before. Mary, highly favored. What? He's fixing to build a body, remember? He's got to find faith first, right? before he can build a body because this body is going to be built by faith. A 16y old, not a 30-year-old woman, a 16-year-old kid that was a spouse to a man that was a little bit older. Okay? They had fell in love. Brother Ram said they talked on the porch maybe and and maybe even quoted Isaiah 9:6. The virgin shall conceive because you know they've read the Old Testament. Okay. And they went to church. But here's this man says, "Mary, highly favored." And she's like, "Who are you?" It's pretty much, you know, I'm an angel sent from God to tell you that the Most High is going to overshadow you and you're going to bring forth a child. Yes. Whoa. Shock. Believe. Would that not be a shock? And she He says, "It's going to be really miraculous. You're not even going to know a man. The Holy Ghost is going to overshadow you." And Mary's like, "Now, mama told me how this happened, and I don't see that." But what did she say? She said, "How could this be I not knowing a man?" How could this be not knowing a man? She just didn't know she was getting ready to produce the man. She was going to be the incubator for God to fulfill 400 and something scriptures in the Old Testament. It had to be a creative act of God alone. So, what was the first body? He wanted a body without sin. A body created in his image, right? How do you think he's going to get it back? He's got to make a body without sin and without sex, without a carnal mind, you and I have a carnal mind because we can look back at our progeny that we produced on earth and we go, "Well, my daddy was this and my mama was that." And we were talking about something back there the other the other day. Genetically we have things wrong with us that have just come from genetics. Your mom and daddy, your mom and dad's daddy and all this genetics and what all this stuff piled in together. It's just corrupting and worse and worse every time a generation comes. But God had to step in and say, "I'll put enmity. I'm going to put a division, but I'm going to put it back together. I'm going to give put my seed in a woman. She's not going to have anything to do with it." That's right. It was God's created lamb. Now remember, she didn't produce the egg. This was all in God's mind even back in the garden. Brother John, he's so patient. He waited on me for 20ome years. Praise the Lord. More more than for others, not for others. So, praise God for that he waited that long on me. Amen. But he stood there waited. He said, "I got this plan and I'm going to see it out." He said, "I already see it done. But it's got to come through." Something that got polluted back then that started the fall rolling. Ball of the fall. That's pretty good. I like that. The ball of the fall. So, I'll use that. Nobody else can use that as copyrighted. But to get the ball rolling, he had to do it in reverse. It couldn't be twin material. It had to be his material. Amen. His material created egg. Remember, he's a creator. That's why Satan can't create. Satan can't put his germ in a woman. Cuz he's not a human. But if he ever gets in a human, he can use a human to do what he wants to do. Amen. Well, pray for me. little kids, little devils. Till they get born again, we're all devils. So when this baby was born though, he was so special. That body that thou hast prepared me is a body that the germ, life, DNA came from God. The blood cell came from God. it all. There was nothing on this earth he was connected to except that cord to give him life because he had to be born like me and you, right? Law of redemption that Gabriel couldn't redeem, Michael couldn't redeem, God couldn't redeem in spirit form. Oh, come on. He had to become a human cuz a human fell. He's got to become a human to erase what happened in the garden. Amen. So it was a creative act. Listen to this. And a masterpiece. And then come finally the great head, the head of it all. The rest of the body just spoke of it. The foundation was laid by the patriarchs. But the body was built by the word which was the prophets. The prophets. Remember Amos 2:9. I'll do nothing unless I speak it through a prophet. Amen. Well, that was for back then. Well, that's your business, not mine. I believe in prophets till now. But the body was built by the word, which was the prophets. And here comes the head of it all. Jesus came on the scene. There when this headpiece was put upon it, we find in him the entire, listen to this, entire handiwork of God. Wow. He looked like God. He acted like God because he was God. And when his head was placed on that, we find in him the entire handiwork of God. We find in him the perfect reflection of the word for he was the word, the fullness of the word. Now again, God has the perfect masterpiece. Again, everybody with me? Romans 8 29. for whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image. Now remember the image, it was back before the foundation of the world. We were created in his image. So if if if he wants us to be perfect, he had to be perfect to begin with. To be remember, because he didn't need salvation. We do. He didn't need salvation. We need salvation. Sorry I'm a little long, but guess what? Like I said before, I ain't my stomach's not even growling. that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Amen. Now watch Hebrews 12:23. Paul says to the general assembly and church of that firstborn. Amen. Well, I said right here that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. In other words, he was born right to the general assembly and church of the firstborn. That's us. Which are written in heaven. Amen. That book. Yes, sir. Right. And to God the judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect. And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling that speaketh better things than that of Abel. Revelations 3:14. That's our, this is our mandate, cuz this is our church age. Until the angel of the church of the layout of sins, right? These things say the amen, the faithful and true witness, what? the beginning of the creation of God. You say, "Well, now you just told me that God was the creator. He created his own self body." Amen. Hello. The way it was to begin, the beginning of the creation of God. And remember, Brother Bram said, "And you and I are a continuation of that creation." You and I, we're a mixed breed. All of us are hybrid. There's a chasm between us and God. As Lazarus said, "Oh, can I go see Abraham?" Abraham looks back and says, "No, there's a great gulf and it's fixed. I can't move it. You can't move it. There has to come a redeemer. Put that thing back together again." Cuz if God put enmity between him and man, he's going to take it away by coming himself. Amen. So there was eternal life in that blood cell which is God. So the right son came to get the title deed. That's right. Now watch. And that's why he went to Calvary. That's why he bled and died. He didn't bleed die so that the blood could come on you. Come on somebody. That blood has after 2,000 years that blood can't even be found. It just actually the the the chemistry of the blood just mingled down into the ground. First rain there was, it just washed it away. But the life that was in that blood, you can't kill it. You can't kill God. That's why God, that's why Jesus hung on the cross said, "My God, my God, why has thou forsaken me?" What? He couldn't feel that anointing. He couldn't feel that closeness that was with him during that period of time. Right? You know, brother even said Jesus the the spirit left him in the garden so he could die a man. What? The anointing that was on him. There was an anointing on him. He couldn't die. Remember they tried to throw him off a cliff. They tried to stone him. He just disappeared between the crowd. You're not going to die until God's finished with you. Have you ever thought about that? If all of your parents, Jean was in the in the army or navy and several one of you may have had ancestors in the army. If those people only knew it, Bob. If those people had a revelation that there's no way they could die until you got here. Don't look at me like I'm crazy. The plan of God is the plan of God. And if it got you here, it was his plan. He did it. You didn't. That's what I told them at brother Ron Spencer's church. I said, "Y'all had 600,000 men died in the Civil War." 600,000 600,000 generations were cut off. If they had not had children and never had children, that generation just went away. But there was angels on that field. Just like there's angels at your house, there's angels at your job. There's angels in your car with you. There's angels when you travel. Amen. That made sure move your head. Move over. Get behind that tree. And here comes the bullets flying by. Talk about the Civil War. Right. Right. I'm talking about any other time. God preserved them to get you here. Amen. Now I ask you, what are you going to do about it? Cuz look, watch. This body died, resurrected today. Not today, but insembled today. Resurrected, right? Went to the father and came back as the Holy Ghost. The body is still there. But you and I, he decided that this was going to be his body. Amen. Right. Cuz he needed fellowship. He didn't want two heads. He didn't want two bodies. He's the head. We're the body. But we're connected. That's right. So he separated at Pentecost. So he be he separated 120 on the day of Pentecost. Separated. 3,000 downstairs the next sermon that was preached. Wow. What a mighty God. But he separated himself so he could put himself back together. Amen. The bride body was inside of him wanting to get out just like Eve was inside of Adam wanting to get out and Adam wanted her out so he could fellowship with her. Satan's Eden. So God knew that we would be here. But then he put us in flesh so we could be or could be would be contacted. in order he could contact he became one of us when he became Jesus Christ the son of God himself the fullness of the manifestation of God therefore that was God's purpose to display his attributes in fellowship when I was in my father I knew nothing about it but I when I became his son and was born of him I was an attribute part of my father and you're part of your father. Amen. And as children of God, we are part of God's attribute that was in him. Locked up in him. This is me. Locked up in him. Couldn't get out of him unless he had to. He had to come as a redeemer. Right. Amen. The redeemer paid the price and whatever was inside that redeemer got redeemed. Yes, sir. That book was inside of him when he walked the shores of Galilee. Because brother Ram, I'm going to show you where brother Ram said, "You were with him at Calvary. You were with him on the Sea of Galilee. You were with him in the resurrection. You were written when he went to heavenly places when he left. You were with him." Amen. Amen. Cuz what came back on the day of Pentecost? The same Holy Ghost. Yes. That's right. There's not two or three different Holy Ghost. That's why I love what Brother Ram said. He said, "You may be right and I may be wrong." He said, "But we both can't be right. In God, you don't have two rights. Amen. You have son of God and twin material, which is going to deny the word of God. Going to be a wild child, going to be something that is not going to be tameable. Amen. And most of the time, a son of the devil. Listen, we better start calling it what it is. Yes, sir. Cuz there's a devil. He's real and he wants to kill you. That's right. Period. That's right. As a child of God, we're a part of God's attribute that was in him. Made flesh like he was made flesh. So we can have fellowship one with the other as a family of God upon the earth. And that was God's purpose at the beginning. That's what God wanted at the beginning. We spoke about that. He had everything under control. and he turned man over into the garden of Eden on free moral agency says son it's yours and then we know what happened right God of this evil age now these messages I want to emphasize the things that I have told you in the message of this evening light that God said would come upon the earth and notice then the beast that was to come upon the earth would deceive all those names that were not put on a lamb's book of life slain before the foundation of the world see what I mean if you're twin material You'll deny God every time. But if you're true son and daughter of God, you'll never deny it. In God's own thinking, God, the great spirit in the beginning, before there was a beginning, he was God. And did you know you were in him then? I do. Cuz you know why? It's like I said before, that God faith is something inside of me saying that ain't nothing but the truth. And do you know we were in him then? If you're a Christian now, you was in him then. And then if that be so, the whole godhead bodily shaped up in the person of Jesus Christ. And then when Jesus died at the cross, I died with him. For I was in him then, for he was the fullness of the word manifesting. Watch. Knowing that we would be manifested later. That's why he hung there. Didn't say a word. He knew he had to die to release the book. He released the book. Then here all we came. Then you go to We're going to go to Revelations 10. Several sermons and we're going to see where that book ended up at in John's belly. It disappeared in a bride. Everybody with me? And we didn't eat he didn't eat part of it. He didn't leave a page or two out. Amen. He didn't eat what he wanted. He ate the whole book. He We were at Calvary with him. We went in the grave with him. And let me say one more thing. We went to hell with him. Amen. You say, "How'd that happen?" I was in Christ. I was in that theophony. That body laid dead in the grave and was getting ready to corrupt. Nothing was working in that body. It was dead cold. But that wasn't Jesus at that time. Jesus was already in a glorified and not a glorified body. He was already in his theophony which you and I are a part of. He went to hell. That's why you think this is not a good statement. We have already, if you're born again right this moment, you've already been to hell. You went when he went. And there's nowhere in the Bible says you're going to go two times. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. What a plan of redemption. Amen. And we raised with him and his resurrection. And now we've ascended by his spirit to the throne of grace, sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus always. For as the germ of natural life is brought down, germmitized by father to father to father, so is the life of Christ germmitized. That's the reason God uses Elijah's spirit five different times. What is it? It's handing down. I mean, it's plain as day. You can see the character of Elijah all five all five times. And remember, a long time ago, I preached on the five cups of Elijah. You know, the Israel believe they have five cups for Elijah. It's kind of strange that there's five comingings of Elijah. So, anyway, well, I can't see that in the Bible. Well, I can't see Jesus died either. See, see, see, I see. And as your natural life and traits is handed down from the natural breeding of your father, so is the spirit of God that was predestinated before the foundation of the world. And when the entire word of God incomplete was headed up in a human body called Jesus Christ, in there, God made me pay for my sins. in him there. Then he rose me, raised me up with him in the resurrection. And now we are seated with him with power and authority over every devil. Oh, if you could only believe what God has given. Amen. But if you're not seated there, you don't have it. That's right. And if you're seated there and don't believe it and afraid to move, you'll never use it. Wow. But if you are seated there, you will use it. Yes, sir. For your ordained to do what you do. Amen. One more time, then we'll go one more quote. Now he comes from the feet. Now remember in the Babylonian kingdom, remember in Daniel 9 or Daniel whatever it is, there was a kingdom built with a head of gold and all coming down. Now I'd never seen this before. I never seen this quote before as the as it was crushed. It was being built back up the right way. The kingdom he showed all those Old Testaments. came from the head down until he come down till God himself became flesh at the foot of the ladder. Now here in the New Testament, he brings himself right back up again to the head again and the head of gold to be crowned. Look, you get it? See, God was in the beginning, and he kept coming down through the prophets and on down until God himself became human flesh like us, plumbed down at the foot of the ladder, a baby born in a manger, hated, rejected, despised, bad name, and everything he was. Let me finish my thought real quick. Think about Mary. Mary had a little girlfriend, right? right? May had people around her, you know, and she all of a sudden she starts looking like something happened. Amen. Amen. Maybe she tried to hide it. I don't know. But think of the ridicule. Cuz here's Joseph, a man like 40 years old or 20 years older than her that's already got kids. His wife died and here he is now. He's got this little 16-y old girl. And your carnal mind run just like mine did. Hello, somebody. Okay, pray for me then. But she had to stand all that ridicule. Listen, there's only one person on earth, you hear me? There was only one person on earth that knew she was telling the truth. One. That was her. And remember, God had to speak to Joseph because he was worried about it, too. God spoke to Joseph and said, "Don't worry about this, buddy. You just protect her." That's mine. God keeps his word and protects it. So look at all the ridicule that she took even after she the baby was born. Child with a bad name, you know, and everything he was then he started rising. See, from the feet he began to build the church, and the bride coming back on back, and now coming out into the headstone, where all joins together and makes one great transfigured body of Jesus Christ. And here's my last Ephesians 5. I wrote myself a note. So, you can't get clean by a dirty or perverted word. It had to be the clean word of God, washed by the water of the word. So, so remember now, brother Karn, if God said that that we can't put a unclean in a clean vessel, but he's coming back for a bride without spot or wrinkle, sinless virgin. He's got to make a way for that to happen. And he did. Ephesians 5:23, "Husbands, love your wives." And a sister said, "Even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it, that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word that he might present it to himself." He's not presenting to anybody else. He's presenting it to himself. A glorious church. Let me just put it this way. when you and your wife got married, right? I mean, I hope you had a honeymoon. I I hope. But what happened? What happened was is she, you, the bride, presented yourself to him. No one else. No one else. You unveiled yourself for your husband. That's why it's so critical to stay clean. Stay clean to be the bride of Christ. We got to stay clean in the spiritual part. We got to stay clean. But that's what he done on the on the when you got born again, you unveiled yourself and gave everything you had to your husband. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. Amen. So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself. For no man ever hated his own flesh, but nourisheth it, cherishes it, even as the Lord the church. For we are members of his body, of his flesh. Yes. Amen. Now he's come back. That's what it was in the garden. Now he's come back to right here. He's come back to the scripture here in in um Ephesians to a real mature church that'll understand. For no man hated his own body, but nourishes. He cherisheth even as the Lord the church. For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones. For this cause shall man leave his father and mother and shall be joined unto his wife and they too shall be one flesh. This is a great mystery but I speak concerning Christ and the church. Now let's read the scripture again. A body thou Jesus Christ hath prepared me. Wait, put your name in there. He has created me a body. You can't see it. It's a mystery. Mystery. Christ is a mystery. God revealed, right? Well, where's Christ? I think Paul said one time, Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. Everybody with me? Now, this is the body of Christ. So, who are we? We're Mrs. Jesus Christ. Now, look, we have a title. You see this right here? That's a hand, right? That's a title, but it's attached to a man named Wade Dale. We have a many membered body that may look somewhat different and have a title of apostle, prophet, pastor, teacher, evangelist, deacon, elder, but it's come from the same body, the same source. You and I are the virtuous, sinless bride of Christ because he died at Calvary and rose to come inside a bunch of people that were not worthy. Find me one place you were worthy. Oh, I'm this great so and so and such and such. No garbage. We were in pitiful shape. But you know what? God looked through the blood and said, "I'm bringing them back. They were mine to begin with and they're still mine and they're always going to be mine." Let's stand to our feet. God bless you. Musicians, come. But that's why he hung on Calvary. Listen. That's why he stayed there until he died a sinner's death. until he died to where the moon even said he died. The sun said he died. The earth even said he died. Yes, sir. That was an earthquake that shook the place. It shook that place so much to a heathen center man that probably put him on the cross said that has to be God's always got a witness, brother Bob. He's always got a witness standing somewhere. And that man looked up and he said, "That must be the son of God." Oh, I wish he'd had that revelation before, but it wouldn't it should wouldn't have played out that way. Now, it plays out that way that we know he was the son of God. We know why he went to Calvary. He went to Calvary for me and you. He was born right. But if you're born again today, you're born right. Right. Born again the right way by a spiritual birth from an eternal God that says you don't have a spot and you don't have a wrinkle. You're mine. You're my bride. You're my wife. And guess what, church? We got to get oursel ready. Amen. cuz the bride hath made herself ready. Wife has made herself ready. Let's sing a song. Thank you for for uh hanging on. I appreciate that. But it just meant so much to to see more clarity of what's going on even in the world. My heavens, I'm telling you folks, if this ain't it, we've missed something. Amen. The people of this country are drunk on the wine of the fornication that's going on under the guise of religion. Franklin Graham stood up yesterday and said, you know, that's Billy's boy, Billy's son. They had a breakfast with President Trump. He come out of that. He was um a reporter was talking to him and he said, "This has to be a move of God. This has to be a move of God." And you ought to seen them. There was 40 or 50 preachers in that room with at the White House. They were saying that that God was devoid of the White House the last four years, which he was, but he's still devoid. But he's under a new guise now. Remember the twins? They looked alike, but one was of a different material. That's why folks, we thank God we had a prophet to warn us where that system is and what it's going to do to us. That denominational system will take them into chaos. Yes, sir. But what it's going to do is it's going to squeeze us out of here because we know the truth and the truth will set you free. I'm not worried about what's going on up there. But you look and you see the sign. The Bible says that peace, peace, there'll be sudden destruction. The Bible says craft will prosper. All these different things are going to be good, wonderful, satisfy the sensation of the body. Amen. This is good. This is that this must be a move of God. Even Jensen Franklin right up here in Gainesville, he stood up and he said, "The reason Trump didn't get shot was because of God." And I said, "That's absolutely the truth. They just don't understand the God that they're dealing with." But thank God for truth. It's, you know what? That's going to put us in a hard place. Constantine. You know, they've already said that he was he's acting just like Constantine. What did Constantine do? He persecuted Christians. 68 million people were killed under the Christian crusade. So much said by Constantine. And he was absolutely killing the true bride. It's a wonderful time, but it's a hard time. But I'm telling you, you either get in or you're going to be out. Amen. The arc door is fixing to close. I'm sorry, but God bless you. May he be resurrected again in your life. May he resurrect your body because thank you for sitting here for all this time. I appreciate that. I don't I'm not going to say it won't happen again. But anyway, go ahead. God bless you. Thank you everybody. Let's worship the Lord just for a few minutes. Like a burning prison I found, no he didn't pro my sorrow I fell. Then Jesus came and listen to me and glory to God. He set me free. Hey, listen. If you're free man, you can do this. If you're free today, you can do this. You have no bond. You have nothing attached to you. The chains of the devil is off of you now. Just accept it. Glory to God. He set me free. I was dead and now I'm alive. I come from God and now I'm going back to God. I might not act like him 100% of the time, but God's helping me to get there. The word of God is clean. There's no dirtation until I found. He set me free. He set me free. And he broke the bonds of ris for me. I'm going down my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Goodbye to things I confound. You can't get rid [Music] of turn me around daily. I'm working. I pray you. Glory to God. I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Oh, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glorified by Jesus to see for glory to God. He said now I'm free. Now I am climbing higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away. Like the fire plan on higher ground. Glory to God. I'm bound. He said that sh He set me free. He set me free. Prison glory. I'm glorified. He set me free. Amen. Do you mean that? Glory to God. He said, "Oh, you're going to be the happiest people in the world." He set me free. Yes. He set me free. He broke the bond of prison for me. I'm [Music] glorif. And glory to God. He set me free. Same time as your dispar. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bond for me. I'm glory Jesus to see. And glory to God. He set me free. What's like a burden prison I dwell. No freedom from my sorrow. I fell. Then Jesus came and listen to me. Glory. Be free. They broke the
