################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 03 02 Moses Ndala (Title) - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-22
Title:    RWF 2025 03 02 Moses Ndala (Title)
Speaker: Moses Ndala
Church:   Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 16m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxuvXyt0dXw
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Are you [Music] down? [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] The beauty of Jesus be seen in me all his wonderful passion and purity. [Music] Oh thou savior divine, all my nature refined. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. Let the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. all his wonderful passion and pure. Oh thou savior divine, all my nature refined, till the beauty of Jesus be seen in me. [Music] I leave it there. [Music] Not just the chorus. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. [Music] Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. One more time. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. We're going to kind of have a kind of a mixed up uh beginning here, but that's that'll be all right. If I can ask brother Victor if he could come and open a word of prayer. There's a serious prayer request here. for brother David Huckal and he's been been admin administered to the hospital admitted to the hospital with severe abdomen issues and I think they found cancer in his abdomen and so he needs a touch from the Lord can we can take our burdens of the Lord and that's why we come to church because we're needy people This time it's not just going to be only me. I would appreciate if you all could join. If we don't rise up, saints, cancer will run through the camp. Amen. Most gracious loving father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ as a body we approach your throne of grace this morning. We thank you father the father for the perfect atonement. We thank you Lord for the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ that you gave to your family to approach you. You've pre preserved us this morning. Lord, you've brought us into your house. We are under great expectation, Lord. That we will hear from heaven. Lord, we will hear from home. Dear God, we believe Lord you will use your servant this morning, Father, like an oracle, Father, and and speak to your children, Lord, the word of deliverance to whether it's rebuke, whatever it is, Father, we have come, Lord God, to to hear from you, Lord, and to to to wait before you, Father. But Lord, we've just heard, Lord, the just a few moments ago, one of our brethren is afflicted, Lord. You told us if two on earth shall agree touching anything it shall be done. Is there not a cross among us Lord Jesus? Brother Doug Lord has been sent to the hospice. He's been given just a few months to live. Father, what more would it take for your body to rise? Lord, father, sister charity is asking that the body would remember her husband. But Lord, it's not just a husband. It's our brother. And you said what we bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. If that is not the case, why are we following this truth, Lord? Therefore, we call on heaven to to confirm the word. We speak against that spirit in the name of Jesus. That brother Hakala could be let loose and be free. You evil spirit of cancer. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, the body of Christ binds you. We set him free. We set brother Doc free. Amen. And anyone among us where cancerous cells are beginning to form, we condemn the works of darkness this morning. Lord by the authority of the word of God given to them that believe. Lord, we wait for you to speak through your servant. Lord, anoint him like never before. Oh God, may the presence of God be felt among us. take full control and set at liberty them that are bound this morning. We thank you Lord. We bless your name in Jesus name. Amen. You can decree one another. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor or I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your name. in prisoners chain with bleeding strife. Paul and Silus prayed that night [Music] and in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loosed and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Some midnight hour. If you should find, you're in a prison [Music] in your mind. Reach out and praise. ify those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. And we I just sing that one more time, but uh Sister Debbie, if you can make your way up as we say that. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. If you praise, you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. You can have a seat. [Music] Lord to ask for anything. But Lord, I just want to say thank you, Lord, for you answer the mayor prayers, oh God, that I forgot to thank you for. Lord, I just want to say thank you, Lord. Oh, maybe tomorrow I have troules, I have sorrows, and a thousand tears they may fall. Oh Lord Jesus, no but until I face tomorrow's test. I have no special favors to ask. But I just want to say thank you, Lord. You've given us eyes to see. Where we were bound, you set us free. We can't forget, Lord, all of the things that you have done. For Lord, we travel by land and we travel by air. We know you kept us, Lord. You kept us from hurt, harm, and danger. Oh, maybe tomorrow I have trles. I'll have sorrows and a thousand tears. They may fall, oh Lord Jesus. But until I face tomorrow's test, I'll have no special favors to ask, nor but I just want to say thank you, Lord. Oh, you've been so good and you've been so kind. Be careful and Lord all of the things that you have done. Lord, you've been so very good. And you've been so kind. We know you've kept us low, kept us from hurt, from harm and danger. For may be tomorrow. I have troubles. I have sorrows and a thousand tears. They may fall Lord Jesus. But until I face tomorrow's task, I'll have no special things to ask. But I just want to say thank you, Lord. Oh, I just want to say thank you, Lord. Oh, I just want to say thank you, Lord. [Music] [Applause] You think about the the woman in the Bible. She said, "Uh, Lord, Even uh even dogs eat from the master's table. And that was that was that was our lot. We weren't part of the original seed. We weren't we're part of the plan, but we weren't born in. He he adopted us and he gave us his life. And now we get to sit with him on his throne. And yeah. Amen. Let's sing. I'm going through Start with the chorus. I'm going through. I'm going through. I'll pay the price. Whatever others do. I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. I've started with Jesus and I'm going through. Lord, I have started to walk in the light that shines on my pathway so clear, so bright. I've paid the world and it's fall a do. And now with my savior, I'm to go through. I'm going through. I'm going through. I I'll pay the price. Whatever others do. I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. I've started with Jesus and I'm going through men to run in this race. But with our redeemer that could not keep pace, others accepted because it was new. But not very many seem bound to go through. I'm going through. I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. I've started with Jesus and I'm going through. Praise the Lord. Is that how you feel this morning? I'm going through no matter who goes with me. Amen. We're running this race fervently. And we've got to make it. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated for a moment. Amen. It'll take a few minutes now, but I've got an important announcement to make. Now, I think some of you already know or as suspected, but like the songwriter appropriately declares, is my God. Amen. The time is filled with swift transition. How many can say amen? So hold to God's unchanging hand. We've got to keep holding on to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Now the time has come for me. Amen. To make a transition in my life. Amen. I'm 81 years old. That will affect all of us to some degree. Everyone a little bit different. But we have to trust the Lord that he will guide us. We have a guide. We've got a Holy Spirit that will guide us safely through time of great changes in the world. You You can read the papers or listen to the news. There's changes coming. Changes in the world and in the church world. We've got to be awake and very open-minded. Can you say amen? Say, "Lord, reveal unto me what your will is." Amen. We are following Jesus one step at a time. Praise the Lord. Amen. Therefore, the time has come for me to pass on the torch. There's young brothers out there, much more energetic than I. I thought I was energetic at one time, and I was. I thought I would I would not quit anytime. I would go on forever and ever and ever because I felt like a 50y old guy. Anybody believe that an old man like me But it's time to pass the torch to a new generation that the Lord has raised up. Not man, but the Lord has raised up young men to lead the church. Now, it's not the men that will lead the church. It's the Holy Spirit through these men. And we need Holy Ghost men to lead the church. Can you say amen? So that these cancers will be cast out because the gospel is demonstrated. In other words, not just talking, not just speaking, but demonstrated by the power of the living God. Hallelujah. That's what I believed and that's I still believe it to lead the church to higher grounds. I believe there's higher grounds for us and deeper depths in the word. The Lord has taken us already very deep, but we need to get deeper into the word into the demonstrating part. That's where we somewhat fail is the demonstrating part. Amen. So over the last few months, I have been blessed with or we have been blessed with many great ministries coming through here. How many know that? I've invited these brothers. Amen. And we will continue to invite them as the Lord leads. Can you say amen? It's just not one ministry. It's many a many membered body. It's a fivefold ministry. Each one having a different ministry. And the Lord will lead us because we have enjoyed the rich word of the Lord. Amen. Provided for this day, not yesterday, but for this day. That's what we're expecting the word of God for this day to be preached. Amen. So, you can expect great times in the presence of the Lord. Not less, but more. Amen. As we are facing in the great gifts sent to the body of Jesus Christ. I believe there's gifts sent to the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. And brother Moses is one of them. Hallelujah. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. So we are grateful to the Lord that he has sent us brother Moses filled with Holy Ghost believing the same message we believe the same power that we believe in that every anything is possible to the Lord. My what a blessing God has sent us. And we can all say amen again. Amen. And amen. Amen. Now, I have been your pastor in this church. Now, we have a great chief pastor, which is the Lord, but I have been your your earthly pastor in this church since 2002. Amen. 23 years of service in this church. And I can say the Lord has been faithful. Yes. Faithful. Faithful. And blessed us. Right. Sister Marie blessed us so richly over the years alongside my son Steve. How many remember brother Steven? For 20 years. Brother Steven was with us and we enjoyed his ministry. Amen. And I can testify that we had some wonderful times in the Lord when the presence of the Lord was so near. So powerful. Hallelujah. Praise God. And we have shared the burdens and the joys, one another's burdens. When you were sick, we felt sick. We prayed for. Hallelujah. Praise God. What a great privilege the Lord has given me to serve the bride of Christ for 23 some years. Isn't that amazing grace? My and brother. [Applause] My my my my what a blessing that is. You know, words cannot describe how blessed I am. I said, Lord, I want to just serve you. I just want to be used. I didn't want to be the pastor. Lord, I just want to be used of you somehow so that when I stand before you that you could say, "Well done, my I didn't want a great position. It never was my desire. And brother Victor expressed it in the office or in the Sunday school as well. That's what he wants. He wants to be a servant of the Lord. Hallelujah. Is that what you said, brother? I think that Amen. So I want to read can I read you I'm not going to preach this morning but can I just read you a quotation that describes the bride of Christ that describes you that that you are the ones that I was to serve. Hallelujah. I'm a little bit emotional. You can understand that. I've always emotional. Amen. It says the invisible union of the bride. You are the virtuous bride of Christ. Amen. Not just because of your flesh, not because of your goodness, it's because of his grace. Amen. And the blood of Jesus that washed us clean like we heard on Wednesday. Amen. We've got to be washed clean by the blood of Jesus. And then we can claim all these wonderful promises of God. Amen. Washed in the blood of of Christ. Precious. You're precious. Virtuous my virtuous that means you have power dunamis power inside of you. Amen. When you pray something happens. Hallelujah. Virtuous. Sinless. Can you imagine sinless son of God standing with a pure unadulterated bride word that he washed by the water of his own blood and his own word that become flesh and manifested that he might take you which were predestinated in the bosom of the father before the beginning the same as he was. Hallelujah. We we are not from our earthly father and mother like we heard on Wednesday. That's not my heritage. My father is God and I am a son of God and offspring of the living God. Hallelujah. Amen. Now like I said I never dreamed to be pastor but the Lord opened up the way and that is how the Lord is opening up the way right now in brother Moses's life. Amen. I believe so. Now, I believe that like I said, it's not only brother Moses ministry, but other ministries. Amen. In the body of Christ, and the Lord will use us. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. So, I never dreamed to be the pastor, but the Lord made a way. Amen. And I truly believe we will all be together one day in that great resurrection, a great resurrection morning when the dead in Christ shall rise and it will be in order of the resurrection. I don't have a quote with me, but brother Brandham says we'll be with our loved ones, the ones that we know. It'll be the order of the resurrection. In other words, a battalion, a fighting force that are moving upward into the skies. Hallelujah. To meet our loved ones. We'll be together. Amen. The pastor will be with his sheep. Amen. We'll all be together, one flock, and we'll be together with the Lord forever. Now, I've been praying for the past year. I've been praying, Lord, have your way. Right, Sister Sophia? Have your way, Lord, with this little church. as I'm getting on in years and weaker as a result. You know, I appreciate brother Victor's words on Wednesday. He says, you know, I brought brother Z 80 years old, but he's like like Caleb and Joshua 80 years old and moving on. Listen, I I regained my energy, but you know, I want to pass on the torch so that you get the benefits. Amen. As you know, the Lord has answered our prayers many times before when we needed a piano player. I We got to recall all these things. The mercies of God has been ours. We've been so privileged. Amen. We The Lord answered our prayer and he sent he sent us a piano player that has been faithful on the job every service. Amen, brother Peter. Hallelujah. It was the Lord, Brother Peter. I believe so. We're following the Lord Jesus one step at a time. We prayed and the Lord answered our prayer and he sent us Brother Peter. What a blessing he's been. And what a blessing we have had with brother Andrew leading us in songs. And Sister Kathy, Amen. singing specials on many occasions, blessing our souls. Amen. Deep from her heart. Amen. I want you to know I love every one of you with all of my heart. I don't want to get too emotional right now because I know it's not saying goodbye. We're going to be with you here. I'm going to repeat this. I'm going to be with you here. Maybe I'm not in the same position. I mean, we'll be facing it in. You understand? We'll be facing it in. We'll help brother Moses. Amen. To get himself comfortable in the position to your needs to visit you. Amen. To counsel you, whatever it will be. But I have come to realize that time stops for nobody. Not even for me. I thought it would stop for me. Amen. Because Lord, I said I'm getting on in age on it has to happen one of these days. One of these years, right? I mean, I can keep on one more year. Moses said to me first, you know, maybe a couple of years. I says, what? A couple of years, a couple of years. I don't have so many. Amen. Well, while my son says, I have more 20 more years. Hallelujah. Now, I have to come to realize time stops for nobody until we get that immortal body that we're all waiting for. Then we'll we can make our boat in the sun and still exist. Hallelujah. Therefore, I felt in my heart to seek the Lord for a faithful, humble man. God still use this man. It's not just push play. Is God using men that are filled with the Holy Spirit. Amen. Amen. I was looking for a faithful, humble man. And brother Moses is a humble man. I've discovered that. Amen. To be our new pastor. who would have a burden and love for the people. That's important. It's more important maybe than maybe being able to speak eloquently. Can you say amen? It's not eloquent speech is what we're looking for. We're looking for the power of God. We're looking for the Holy Spirit in some brother's life. And you know, I was looking for a man that had a burden for missions because our burden is for missions. He said, "I have wanting to be not a pastor. I wanted to do mission work, brother." I said, "You can do mission work right here through this church. We have done more work than many big churches." And I can prove it to you in a moment here. But the prophet said, prophet of God said, "We can never go wrong doing missionary work." Never. Never. Now, not to boast, but our little church here goes here. Our our little church has printed more books in India than all the big churches combined. I tell you we have we spent thousands of dollars. We have printed over a million now last year was a million. It we have printed over a million message books today. Isn't that a good achievement? And it was amen declared throughout different regions in India. Many souls were saved and baptized with the Holy Ghost uh through these messages. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Our Lord did say gave us the last commission. He said, "Preach the word and demonstrate the gospel with signs falling." Amen. Mark 16. Amen. That's what we Christians do. That is the the evidence of the Holy Spirit that we do what Christians do. I read the quote on on last Sunday. Amen. That's what Christians do. Birds fly. Amen. Fish, they swim. And the Christians do godly things. Can you say amen? That's what the prophet said. For it is our duty. Let me say it. It's not the pastor's duty or the preacher's duty. It's our duty, all of our duty to find that last seat. That's why we are all missionaries. We're all out there to to testify that God has sent a message in our day. And it's still necessary to tell them God sent a prophet. Amen. We've had a signpost. That's why we're moving that direction. Hallelujah. Therefore, by faith, I have reached out to different brothers over lunch because when you eat lunch, everything softens up a little bit. Amen. Amen. Asking them if they would consider becoming a pastor one day. I was just feeling it out. And then I said, "Well, maybe maybe this church." Amen. and and you know but each one of them said one said I'm not called for the job because I feel like my job is being an apostle opening up churches and you know who I'm talking about opening up churches and bridge medicine that was his ministry and we don't want to rob him from that ministry hallelujah praise God so hallelujah so praise God so I'm I'm going right right into into shorten it a little bit But finally, I approached brother Moses, and I'm going to go into detail, a little bit more detail than necessary, but detail is sometimes necessary. Amen. I've approached brother Moh Moses, who initially gave me a very similar answer as all the other brothers, but he left the door open. Brother Moses, I you remember, I think it was, right? Amen. We were joined in chicken. He left I I think it was I'm not sure. Amen. Amen. He left the door open for consideration. And he said, you know what he said? And that's the right answer. He said, I'll pray about it. Isn't that a good answer? He didn't say no, no, no, it's not for me. No, he said I'll pray about it. And I believe that he's prayed about it. And thank God that gave me hope. Amen. Because I know God answers prayer. He's answered many of my prayer. I believe the Lord has answered all our prayers. And over the years, you know, when I was getting down, when I collapsed here in the church, you always say what's going to happen, right? I mean, different ones, right? But the Lord answers our prayers and our needs. Amen. It was not until some weeks later I had to wait for Moses and we wait for God. And you know, I just put it out there and he was praying probably earnestly and I said Lord but I had already given up. Amen. But you know brother Moses let me know by phone call and he said I'm still praying brother. Amen. Are you still praying? Yes. He says and he said something is beginning to happen in my soul. Maybe not those exact words but he says it's beginning to burn inside of me. My Wasn't that how it was when the disciples walked to the mids? Their souls were burning inside of them. And you know, it was still not it didn't clench it at that moment. But a short time later, I received another phone call from brother Moses. Amen. Maybe I should have followed up, but Moses Moses is a better communicator than maybe he's younger. That's why. I I need some excuse. And immediately I addressed the situ right away. I said, "Brother Moses, does it still burn? Does it still burn in your soul?" Because I wanted an answer. Amen. And to my surprise, and I shouldn't have been surprised. I He said, "My heart is burning now more than ever." Am I correct on it, brother Moses? Yeah. Okay. So, I'm going now and then one Sunday, I'm skipping a little bit here. And one Sunday morning service, I called brother Moses into the Sunday school room, ask him if it was still burning in his heart. And there he said something very significant that made a lot of difference in my my judgment. He says now it's not only but it was turning into an unexplainable burden. Now a burden you can't explain it. Why is it now becoming a burden on my soul? Amen. Indicating he was willing to accept what the Lord had for him here at the church. It's not what I had. It's not what I designed because, you know, years ago, I sort of had my son in mind, you know, we all cling to our children, right? And we can trust our children. But this was the Lord moving on the brother. Amen. Amen. But he made one thing clear to me. want to know what it was. He doesn't want to push himself onto you know what that means. He doesn't want to force himself. But that's a humble man. That's not an ambitious man. Amen. I don't want to push myself into the position. But he was willing to accept it if the people would embrace him and love him. Amen. Can we say amen to that? And can we give a brother Moses an applause for this? Hallelujah. And receive him. I don't know what you think, but I believe it was the Lord working on both ends. We had a need. The Lord supplied it. Hallelujah. What a joy that is. Amen. The Lord The Lord is so mindful of a little bitty group of people. And we are bit a little bitty on Wednesday really on Wednesdays. Sometimes 9, sometimes 10. But the Lord is mindful of this little group in restored restored workship. He cares for the sparrow. He cares for me. Hallelujah. Amen. He cares for you. Now, I'm I'm sure you understand and you should know that it was not easy for me to transition after so long a time has passed. It's not easy. I thought that I wanted to just keep on being a dictator. I don't think I was a dictator but you know I you know wanted to be something I wanted the Lord to have his way. Amen. And because I was very hard to make that that decision because we have grown together. Right. Brother Daniel, brother Daniel, well, you not so long, but well, we I know from time for a long time, but you know, brother Dan, we grown together, right? Grown together and loved one another, visited with one another. Hallelujah. But I thought I would go on forever, but the Lord has he speaks. How could he get me out of the job if he wouldn't have knocked me down? Sometimes the Lord has to take some action, right? He has to take something away from you so that you realize who you are. You know how what we are. Take a bucket of water, brother says, and stick your finger, pull it out. Then you know what we are. You know, it's only by his grace that we're saved. Hallelujah. His grace is all sufficient to me and all of us. So we can say, "Thank you, Lord." Can you say, "Thank you, Lord." Thank you, Lord. Amen. thing I can say with confidence now this this morning and with joy in my heart I have not shunn to declare to you the whole message of the hour I declared all of it to you I laid it out to you I laid out 70 weeks of Daniel I laid out the godhead I laid out predestination I've laid it all over 23 years brother Victor you can imagine how much I preached holiness that we need to be holy unto the Lord. Amen. And I've not compromised on the word of God for anything. For nobody, for nobody. I may have not been popular, but you know something? I did not compromise the word for anything. And I I am amen determined in my life not to compromise now. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. I have gladly borne the reproach of the Pentecostal blessing which I fully embrace. I'm not talking about the denomination now. I'm talking about the Pentecostal blessing of yester year 2,000 years ago. We need it. Hallelujah. Now it's up to us to run this race. You got to run with ferveny. Leo is all around us. We got to run with ferveny. Sorry, brother Moses. I'm taking so much time. I I'll close you here in a moment. But we have read the signpost. We've read the prophet's message. That's the signpost. Let's move on to our destination. Hallelujah. Let's move on. Amen. To perfection with our heavenly husband in divine love, obeying every word of God. Check it out where you are. Are you obeying the word of God? Amen. as the prophet would scream out, "Stay in line." Amen. I want to stay in line and I trust you will also. Amen. Now, I'm not resigning from my ministry. I'm just transitioning into another phase of understand what I'm saying. There is need to visit people also make visitation in hospitals. Amen. Everyone is needed in the body of Christ. We need all need encouragement to move on with God. Hallelujah. And Anita and I will be here in this church. Hallelujah. Assisting brother Moses. We'll be sitting right there. Amen. Every service, not just oh maybe one service here, one service there. This is where we feel. We need to be here in our post of duty. Amen. I will Anita and I will be here in this church assisting brother Moses in any way that we can especially now in the transition time. You know he'll take on different duties and he'll uh we'll have different ministers coming in helping him and helping me. So we will be working together with brother Victor. We're all in the ministry together. Let's work together. Let's not say well I want to hear my favorite preacher. Don't do that. That hurts all of us. Can you say amen? You've got to be here in your position. Amen. And I support that you'll support this ministry with all of your body, soul, and spirit. Amen. And now I would ask brother Moses to come and stand here. Could you sorry I should have warned you? I warned you on the phone. Amen. You know what we're going to do is we're going to take a confidence. I I I have so much confidence in this humble man of God. Amen. And I hope that you will be stand with me on this and support him in this ministry that he is now giving. He needs your love. He needs your support. And like he said, he then he's willing to serve. Now, if you don't show the support, how can he serve us? Amen. So I I'm going to ask brother brother. Okay. How many are in favor of giving brotherh Moses the confidence vote of confidence? Now we have one every two years we have a vote of confidence to the for the deacons and trustees. So that is done regularly but this is the initiation of brother Moses into service here and we'll another time we'll have maybe ministry maybe an apostle be here praying for him and anointing him and blessing him in the service. We'll have maybe brother brother Gilbert from from and all together praying for him big brother Victor everybody praying for him standing with him amen so how many would agree that that that brother Moses is a good choice you know something I think everybody's raising their hand I would like you to see but I better not show you anybody against anybody against put anybody against nobody's against so praise the Lord amen Hallelujah. Let's welcome brother Moses this morning. Now I want to say one thing here. I beg you the congregation now to keep working with the ministry that includes brother Moses our pastor. I'll call him my pastor now. Brother Victor a minister of the gospel in this church. Can I say that? Amen. Now, he's traveling to Africa different times, but but brother Victor is one of our ministers that we have blessed by, you know, I've really been blessed by his ministry of teaching and going deeper into the word of God. Amen. What is necessary? We got to point it out. Amen. Amen. That includes brother Moses, brother Victor, and myself and the many visiting ministries we are planning to have. We're not shutting down. That's why we need your offerings and your tithes. You see, nothing is without expenses. Can you say amen? And I thank each one of you for the support that you have given. But I would like you to come support us with your attendance. That's where we are weak. We say, "Oh, I've got work to do." Listen, there's nothing more important than the work of the Lord. Amen. Support with your attendance, your tithes and offerings, and most of all, your prayers. Amen. So brothers and sisters, I'm not saying goodbye. Amen. But we want to be in his presence and we want the Lord to bind us together until he returns because we all want to be there. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I hope I did okay, brother. Amen. Because I was very nervous. I was I was very nervous. Amen. So let's sing that song. Can we put that one? Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together in Christian mouth. You can go on bind us. [Music] B us together, Lord. B us together, Lord. B us together. Amen. We already did it, but let's turn around and love one another and embrace one another. Say, "God bless you." Let's all work together. Brother Moses, you can come. [Music] And brother Moses, now you can come and take your time, brother Moses, to preach the word. Don't I took too much. We typed it in 10 minutes, but I took half hours. So I'm sorry. Come, brother Moses. And also, Brother Moses, could you at this time also close the service as well? Like after preaching, you close the service. We're a small group of people. We can Just feel comfortable. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Amen. We can rejoice. Amen. In the Lord. Amen. [Music] I hope it's fine. What can I say? What can I say? Um, thank you pastor. Thank you pastor. God bless you richly. We love you. Love you a lot. And I just feel um so humbled and so little and pastor said is emotional but um I'm even more emotional. even more emotional and I um I easily cry unfortunately but and that my nature but I hope it's fine man and I had a little bit of a small speech that I wanted to speak as well but um you know what I forgot that speech so I just want to say it from the bottom of my heart maybe just few words and Um, you know, I I'm just a man. I'm just a man. And brother Bam will repeat it many times, a pastor is just a man, right? Oh, yeah. So, we are just human beings. Um, when pastor told me as he said it, I I I could never I never represented my head that or be a pastor or never thought about because I lived with with pastors and the house where pastor was visiting. I know a lot of burdens they go through or the struggles they go through and I didn't want that. My nature is not sometimes a pastor has to be harsh and has to cut he has to be you know those that's not part of my I thought it was not part of my nature you know I don't want to hurt people too much and be personal and so I know I don't know pastor oh but um but as as I was praying as pastor said this so well and I was praying and shared that with pastor Ed as Well, been praying about it and so Lord and and then one of the message that really changed the way I look at it is taking side with Jesus. If you listen to it and then and brother Balam says I'm paraphrasing but a burden of a church it's also your burden. Amen. So it's not because I'm was in need I'm in the church there and and another church needs help. I can just know it's their problem. So it came upon me and I couldn't just let it and I know I I can't live without without Lord if it's your will let me let me be a servant. Amen. So um that's all. [Applause] I just want to be a servant. So um I ask pastor to so that you know me so that I know you and um so we'll um we'll work together. Amen. We have one purpose is the rapture. um the raptures, we have families, we have children, we have we we want all of them to be saved and to make it for the rapture. So, let's work together. We have our mistakes. We have our ups and downs, but let's help each other and then move on. Amen. If there is anything you want me to change or to correct, I will be willing to accept your your advice. Um but I will never never put down the advice of pastor never and um never whatever you tell me I will always take that with my heart because it's not it's not it's not an easy thing to leave your church to someone else and um so I will always take the advice of pastor no matter what thank you and um and he said this so well he's not stepping down he's always going to be there. I'm going to talk this morning about we are in a war. Yeah. And I thought about it. You know what? When you're in the army, if a general, he has a position of a general, says, "No, I'm retiring." When once he's retiring, he doesn't become a a lower class than the general. He stays a general. He remains a general no matter what. That's right. And will continue to be a general. So our pastor will stay pastor and I will always call him pastor no matter what in this army. So um but um let's just work together. Amen. God bless you richly. Amen. Thank you brother Peter and thank you for the trust and the confidence and um I love you and and we just work together. Amen. Can you have a word of prayer maybe and then read the word of God? Father, we thank you Lord this morning for for the for the worship. Hallelujah. Father for the song and for the special that was sung. How we express our thanksgiving towards you Lord. We want to give you the glory and the honor and the worship father all that you has do father and also the prayer request that was made father we we believe we are walking here believing father and uniting our faith for our brother Lord and if one maybe might feel the symptoms but Lord we are standing behind him and holding him in prayer in the name of the lord Jesus Christ. Father, we as we heard from our pastor, Lord, and as you say this so well, Father, we we put this request to you and now it has been announced publicly to the church, Father. Lord, we just want to bless our pastor, Lord, and bless him richly and continue to strengthen him, Father. Give him more years with us, Lord. And if the Lord carries and Lord, we love the spirit. We love the work. We love Lord just the way you you use him to to be a blessing for the bride. Not only this church, but all over the world, Father, for the work of God, Father, as a church, we just want to humble oursel before you and ask, Father, for your help, for your leadership, for your guidance. Lord, it may be an emotional moment now. Father, we Lord, we realize that we are nothing without you, Lord. Amen. May your grace be upon us, Father. May you give us wisdom. May you give us leadership. May you help us, Father, Lord, to always be obedient to your word as as the pastor said this so well. He has never never shun to declare the whole word of God, the whole council of God. Father, we desire to be a solid church as father has he has led us so far. You have led us through him, Lord, to come to a point of a solid wellestablished church. Father, don't let anything, Father, hinder the move of God, Lord, for this church. Father, we want you to have the preeminence and want you, Lord, to be the chief shepherd, Father, Lord, and and guide us and have Lord Jesus Christ, the power of the Holy Ghost still moving among us with liberty, Lord. And we want you, Father, Lord, to reign and rule. Be the Lord among us, Father. Lord, we commit ourselves to you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Thank you father for your promise that you said you shall never leave us shall never forsake us but you'll be always with us father Lord if you can take care of the little sparrows you will take care of us father the bride of Jesus Christ born father of the holy spirit father those who purchase of your own blood father you died for the people you died for us father lord we are the price of Jesus the blood of Jesus Christ how precious we are in your eyes father lord lord We just want to rely on your grace, your mercy, Father. Bless your people, Lord, as we surrender oursel to you, Lord. And I prepare something, Father, to share with your people this morning, Lord. May you anoint the word. May the Holy Spirit come, Father, and speak to our heart, Father, listen moment, Father, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. Amen. And thank you, brother Victor, as well for support. Amen. God bless you richly. And I need you. We need one another. And uh and the whole church, we need one another. Amen. Amen. Amen. And the faithful mothers and sisters. And you know, it's not there's no one class higher, one class lower. We are all equal. Amen. Amen. I thought my iPad was also the battery died would be a speech without the note. I will invite you to go to Ephesians 6. Ephesians 6 1013. Am I doing something wrong? Is it okay? It's fine. Let me try. Maybe. So, Ephesians 6 10:18 you're there but I'm not there myself. I shared that recently and I thought that's to share that again. And the Bible says in verse verse 10 says finally my brethren be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Amen. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day and having done all to stand. Stand therefore, having your loins girth about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness, and your feet showed with the preparation of the gospel of peace, and above all, taking the shield of faith, where you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked, and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. Amen. praying always with all prayer and supplication in the spirit and watching the unto with all perseverance and supplication of all saints. May God bless his word. You can have a seat. I'd like to speak this morning about taking the whole armor of God to resist the devil. Amen. Take the whole armor of God to resist the devil. As the Bible tells us, put on the whole armor of God. Not just the partial, not just take a portion here and leave some part there, but we need to take the whole armor of God in order to fight properly this fight we are in against the devil. Amen. Because we have been called to resist the enemy. Amen. James 4:7 says, "Submit yourself therefore to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. Amen. Resist the devil. We have been called to resist the devil. And as I was sharing the other time and I thought I will share it again here if it's possible by God's grace. Um we have been called to resist the devil. I think brother Andrew will hear twice but we have been called to resist the devil. Amen. When we resist the devil there are two ways to resist the devil. You can he or you stand and fight against the devil. But I'm going to shock you with another way here. Let's a little bit as before I go to the main thought here. Sometimes you have to resist the devil by running away from the devil. Sometimes you have to resist the devil by running. But it sounds like contrary. How can I resist by running away? But sometimes the your defense and your best defense will be to run away from the devil. 1 Thessalonians 5:22 says, "Abstain from all appearance of evil." Amen. And the very God of peace sanctify you holy. And I pray God your holy spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Faithful is he that called you who also will do. So sometimes you have to abstain and not even sometimes some you have to we have to abstain from all appearance of evil. Amen. We have to run away from all appearance of evil. Amen. If you have you having bad influences you prophecy around the place. If you're having bad influences, you're among bad influences, you are in the wrong place to be. You have to run away from bad influences, from bad friends, and from bad environments. Don't go in the devil's ground and say, "No, I'm here to defeat you, the devil, but in the devil's ground." No, you have to run away from the devil's ground. You have to run away from bad influences. You have to run away from bad friends. You have to run away from anyone else who's anything else that is pulling you down. You have to run away from it. Don't take yourself that I'm too spiritual. I can stand it. I can stay in this environment. Run away from those kinds of environment because they're going to put you down. Amen. If you go to a wrong website, you have to run away from that wrong website. If you're in the wrong environment with friends, you have to run away from that wrong environmental friends. Amen. Because that's a way to resist the devil. Amen. The prophet says, I'm going to back it up with what prophet says, and I like to read a prophet says, prodical says, I don't care who the boy is, who the girl is, if they are not saved, keep away from them. That's exactly right. And men, men, you too, somebody said, well, I can go into the bow with a guy. I can drink a coke while he drinks beer and whiskey and come back and be the same person. The prophet says, I doubt it. Says, oh no, I'm too spiritual. I can go in the barroom. It's okay with me. I can stay there and no, you have to run away from those things because that's the way God has given you as a way of running of of defense of resisting the devil. Amen. Run away like a coward sometimes. You know, run away as a coward and it comes in those things. You know, Joseph when he was struggling with that woman's the Portiva's wife, he didn't want he didn't stay there and says, you know what, I'm too spiritual here. I'm going to convince her. I'm going to make her become a message believer. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The way to resist was to run. He run for his life. Amen. You see a danger, run for your life. Amen. You see that you're weak in certain areas. Don't expose yourself to that weakness. Don't stay there. You need to cover that weak spot. Amen. Because the devil will come to the weak spot all the time. We come to the weak. Maybe it might be lust. Maybe it might be temper. Maybe it might be gossiping. Maybe. So run away from all the different things where you know a weak spot. You run away from that. You cover that spot. You take the word of God. You take the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. To cover yourself. Exactly. Amen. Amen. So we are not called to be on the borderline to see how close we get to see. Don't don't stay how close you can get to see without seeing. The prophet says see how far you can stay away from it. That's the thing to do. Don't never see how close you can go you can go to sin. and see how far you can stay away. Oh, I'm a believer. For me, it's fine with me. I can do this. No, don't don't don't belittle don't don't don't belittle what the devil can do. Or don't don't compromise with the word of God thinking that you are more spiritual than what the word of God allows you to do. Amen. You see a car coming, you see a car, let me put a contrast here. Sometimes you don't need to pray, you need to run away. So now I'm going to pray. No, you you don't need to pray. You need to run away. You see a car coming in full speed. You're in the middle of the road. Don't stay in the middle of road and you start making a long prayer of faith. No, your your way is to run away from the road and maybe you pray on the side of the road. Amen. That's the same thing. We take that example to show exactly where you are. Sometimes in our walk, if you don't stay there and say, "No, I'm in the middle of this and I'm going stay there and I'm going pray." No, you run away from the things. Amen. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. John 10 says, "When he put forth his own sheep, he goth before them and the sheep follow him for they know his voice and a stranger will they not follow but will flee from the stranger. We'll flee from the danger." He don't say no the sheep you we are sheep. Amen. says no the sheep know you see you hear not certain voice you know sometimes the message now within the message and when message goes through many cycles and some we see people coming and resisting the message now there some people who have faithful and now if you if you see that he start getting away from the message and criticizing the message the prophet says here but you know what I have a different opinion that a dangerous zone already know that's my opinion that you know what that the prophet that was the it was during his time and now things have evolved. It's not the same way as in this time. Be careful. Amen. The word of God has no age. The word of God is eternal. The word of God is God himself. Amen. So if you see that, you know, don't stay down and start reasoning. Run away from it. Flee because you are a sheep. A sheep defense is sometimes is to run away from the danger. And John 10 says 10, John 10:10, the thief cometh not but to steal and to kill and to destroy. That's what the enemy there. He's there to look after to look after you or to go after you to steal and to kill and to destroy. His aim is to destroy the faith. The aim is to to to bring discouragement. His aim is to to bring fear. That way he's there. He's there just to bring sometimes discord. He's there to bring division. That what the enemy is there. He doesn't want unity. He want division. He's there to steal, to kill. You have a experience with God. You are walking with God. He's not happy. You want you want to put doubt. You want to put fear. You want to stop you in your walk. That's what the enemy is there. We are in a fight. We are not in a picnic. We are in a fight. We in a war. Then the enemy knows that since we are born and he's studying you. He sees how you behave. He is watching over. He's watching over you. He's looking. He's looking for a for a place where he can get him. That's the enemy of the enemy. But I'm not here to bring fear. I'm going to show that the enemy wants something. He want to destroy us. But God is with us. Amen. We just need to stay and use the whole armor of God because it's always able to defeat the enemy. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Says, I'm come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly. What a promise. I am the good shepherd and the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep. Amen. Amen. We know the story and the story of Nelly Sanders. Nelly Sanders was a girl who used to be a musician or something like that if I'm not if I'm recalling properly. And one time she made a mistake to just go into a place where they were playing some music. Says, "You know what? Listen what she says. Greatest battle I ever thought." That's my thought of this message. Maybe if I walk up on the step up there and said, "Maybe I'll be able to testify to some of them. Oh my, I'm a Christian now. let me go in that room and the place and I will testify to all those drunkers and every oh because I about Christ it sounds like a good intention but you see you are right on the devil's ground the prophet says stay out of it shun the very appearance of evil and she walked out in the top of the step and stood out a few minutes and the first thing you know she was in somebody's arm out on the floor oh and then she come to herself and she was standing there crying and going on said, "Oh, I'm lost now for good. I'm lost." And then, you know, an evil spirit came into her. A spirit like an evil bat came into her and then she had to run away and go come to the prophet. I'm lost. I'm lost. And the prophet was and I had to pray for her and the prophet like to pray that he prayed for her God. I know that she made a mistake. The mistake is she waited. She stopped for a minute. Sometime don't stop for a minute for the devil. It does not deserve any of our any minute. Amen. Anything of the devil, just run away from it. Don't stop for any minute for the devil. She made a mistake there. That's where she made the mistake. The devil or the bride should not stop for the devil. Should not make give any minute to the devil. I'm talking to the young people. I'm to the grownup people. Don't give the devil any minute. Amen. Amen. Give your soul, give your mind, give your body to the Lord Jesus Christ. He's the one who died for us. Amen. He's the one who deserve our whole being. Amen. We are here to serve him. Amen. And then she made that mistake. The prophet rebuked the enemy. The enemy, I know she made a mistake, but now I'm coming as a servant of God. I'm praying for her. Let it be delivered. Amen. And that bat flew away. Amen. The prophet says sometimes we don't believe in demons. Demons are there. Oh yeah. So sometime they come invisible then oh ugly things but they are there. Demons are there. What makes you sleep in church? It's a demon. Sometimes you work over time and but sometimes a demon just there. Oh, but when you are doing enjoying your life, everything is fine. The minute you leave the church, everything is fine. But when you in here, oh, just a little bit 10 minutes and you start, oh, the devil is there. Amen. That's true. So I got Nelly and took her home and says she stopped for a moment and that's all. Don't stop at all. When God sings his word in your heart, just take that sword and start chopping and cutting. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. But sometimes you don't go in the ground of the enemy. You don't go in the ground of enemy but the enemy comes to you. And the enemy will come to you. The enemy is always coming to us. As I'm here speaking, sometimes the enemy is coming in your mind. Sometimes the enemy is coming in my mind. You are thinking and all and you're being distracted. And the preacher is also sometime thinking this right there. Look at the people. Oh, maybe they're not listening to what I'm saying. Oh, no. Different things going in our mind. Is that correct? And we know the enemy, the enemy is allowed to put any thought. But we should not let him let that thought remain in us. He's allowed to put the thought, but we have to reject that thought. We have to resist that that thought. Trying to put the thought of negativity, you have to reject it. You want to put the thought of hatred, you have to reject it. You want to put the thought of complex of complex, you have to reject it. Our job is to reject the thought of the enemy. Our job is to reject what the enemy is trying to inject. Amen. That the work we are in, we have to resist the enemy. We have to resist the devil. And the promise is he will flee away. Not run away. Not not even walking away. He will flee away. He will run away. Amen. So we are in the winning side. Amen. Amen. The prophet says you will get to the place you say well brother Bill I have so many temptations tell me one Christian that doesn't have temptation we never come to a picnic we've come to a battleground we are here to fight the enemy why sure why sure we don't put on our whole ar we don't put on our armor just to be looked at if you become a Christian you be if you become a Christian just to be looked at. Then I'm afraid you've got in the wrong place. Now I'm a message believer. Now I let me rest and everything is fine. Now I'm in a picnic. I'm at peace and everything. And shalom in the soul, but in the mind there's still a fight. Amen. It will come. The enemy is already there coming and fight. Might be in the mind, might be in the flesh. The the soul is redeemed, but the flesh is not redeemed. The mind is not redeemed. So the enemy will come down all the time. He will come to temptation and he will come there. And if he comes there, we have to take the weapon of the word of God. Be strong in the Lord. We have to be strong in the Lord. Amen. Be strong in the Lord. We should not take and and adopt a fatalistic attitude. You know, I'm a predestinated seed and everything. I'm just rest there and and become passive and and let it everything go. Let let others fight. I'll just come and do my regular religious no routines and everything. No, we are in active combat. We are fighting a real enemy and that enemy is trying to destroy, to steal, to destroy our families, to destroy our marriages, to destroy our church, to destroy our life, to destroy our bodies. That the enemy is after all those things. But we are more than conqueror in Jesus Christ. Because he has already prevailed. Amen. That's what we are here to tell the enemy. We are going to stand on the word of God. Because the word of God will defeat the enemy anytime, any place, under any circumstances. The word of God is God himself. Amen. God doesn't have to upgrade his weapon. Amen. You know in the world they have to upgrade the weapon. The weapon for the first world war is not efficient in the was not efficient in the second world war. It's not efficient today. Amen. You might not maybe I put this somewhere but you know now that I was looking the in the news and things like that. You know Ukraine is used in the war in Ukraine and the war in Gaza they've seen that the weapons have really upgraded to a level where if you fight with the weapons of 10 years ago oh you will be well defeated. Now you need drones sophisticated drones. You need to see the enemy before he comes. You need to see their plan before he come because if the enemy is already in your land, it might be hard to take him without. So you they have to upgrade those weapons. But God does not have to upgrade any weapon because he has already given us the word of God. Amen. Take the word for every situation and apply the word of God, you are bound to be an overcomer. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So the issue is not even to resist the enemy. The issue is what do you use to resist the enemy? Ephesians 6 says Paul is talking to the born again Christians. He says put on the whole armor of God. Repeat again not only a part of it but if because if you take a part of it you won't be able to resist properly. 1 Peter 5 7:11 says, "Casting all your care upon him." That's right. Let's take our Bible and read First Peter 5. the small church, you know, I grew up in a small church and sometimes the preacher will be preaching say, "No, I'm not preaching myself." So, someone reads the Bible there and someone reads the Bible and make everybody participate. I won't make everybody part. Take your Bible and read. And we were careful to bring the Bible. Now, first Peter 5 says, "Casting all your care upon him, for he carth for you." Isn't that beautiful? Be sober. Be vigilant because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion. He's not a real lion, but he's acting like a roaring lion. He's behaving like a roaring lion. So, it's a fake lion. He's a fake lion. He's there. He is trying. What is he's doing? He's walking about. He's seeking whom he may devour, but whom you have to resist steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. How can you resist the devil? You have to resist the devil in the faith. You have to steadfast in the faith of God. Amen. What is the fa How can you have faith? By reading the word of God. Amen. Faith comes by hearing and hearing of the word of God. You cannot have faith faith by reading something else because the Holy Spirit feeds only upon the word of God. So in order to resist the enemy, we need to resist any enemy in the faith and the faith comes by hearing of the word of God. And God has given us the word of God in order to increase our faith. Amen. Amen. Amen. So it's a resistance. It's a fight. It's a resistance, a fight. And it's not only a fight, not only a resistance the flesh, but it's a fight in the mind. And the greatest battle ever fought is a spiritual warfare. That's right. Do you know that Ephesians 1:3 when it says or Ephesians 6 says we wrestle not against the flesh and the blood but against principalities against powers against the rulers of the darkness of this world against spiritual wickedness in high places. those high places is the same word that has been used in Ephesians 1:3 that we are blessed God and father our lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ the devil you come to church been blessed by the word of God you have a wonderful Sunday service wonderful Wednesday service and what the next things are coming the next morning sometimes not even next day sometimes just after church the devil will try to distract to take that blessing that God gave you. Why? Because he doesn't want you to be staying and enjoying the blessings of God in in in heavenly places. That's the way he's coming. He's trying to to destroy. He want to take the joy of salvation. He's trying to to take the faith for your forgiveness of your sins. He doesn't want you to enjoy the blessings of God, the promise of God. I'm healed. I'm sick, but I'm healed. The devil doesn't want you to grasp the blessing of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. But listen what the word of God says. 2 Corinthians 10:3 says, "For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations." It means reasoning. Casting down reasoning because the devil's weapon is reasoning. You want to give reasoning. You want the prophet to say in one place that what the devil came to Eve was not necessary to deny the whole word. He just wanted to give her a reason to say it makes sense what you are saying. Sometimes that's what the enemy wants just to bring you bring you bring me to the place where I can say or you can say it makes sense what you are saying. But if anything makes sense that is outside of the word of God don't take it. Amen. We have to take the whole word of God. Making sense is not how the believer lives. The believer lives by faith in the word of God. That's our defense. That's our place of refuge is the whole word of God. What does the prophet says about these situations? What does the Bible says about these situations? If we have that ability to judge everything, to filter everything through the word of God, we will always turn out to be safe. Amen. We cannot rely on our own reasoning. How many intelligent people are there? Then they have the different opinions. We can't rely on our own opinions. But why? We need to have the mind of Christ. And the headship came down to give us the mind of Christ. That's right. Amen. So, casting down imaginations, every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. That's where we have to that's how we have to resist the enemy. He gives you a thought, you know, you you you're sick. You you you know, you you'll never be healed or you bring a fear of cancer, you know, or all those things. But what is cancer before God? What is whatever name that they give before God is the omnipotent God. Take that thought and put it captive to the word of God. Amen. Make it subject to the word of God. Satan, you have to obey the word of God. I'm not powerful, but the word of God is more than powerful. Amen. You're not fighting against me. You are fighting against my Lord, against the word of God. Is your overcomer. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So that way we have to do we have to cast down bring into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Amen. That's how we can resist it fast in the faith. The prophet says the contrast says and God when he gave his people the best thing that he could do to combat Satan with was his word. Now because the word is God and what's strongest what's stronger than God? The word is God and the word becomes our strength. God in the church becomes his strength to pull Satan to his own fires that he has made. And the tag goes on. Now Jesus said in Mark 16, in my name they shall cast out devils. Amen. When I read that, it just makes me happy because God is stronger than anything. It's not my battle. It's the Lord's battle. Amen. Oh, for my children, it's not my fight. It's the Lord's fight. For my health, it's not my fight. It's the Lord's fight. Whatever I'm struggling in my work, God knows my desires. It's not my fight. It's the Lord's fight. I'm just going to stay behind the word of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Save time. Through the ages, we know the prophet will take that in the in the fifth seal and and say it so so long. So well through the ages we saw that this enemy came through different beasts of different horse riders and horse means power different anointing that came to fight in to fight against the church and different different horse rider that come. It was the white the white one. It was the black one the red one the black one and the pale one that now we in the age we are living in. So different spirit came and to fight against the church to bring it down to destroy it. But God was not left alone. God didn't leave the church defenseless. The bride is not defenseless. Amen. God had to send an anointing to fight that spirit. And God was always faithful and ahead of the curve to fight that anoint that bad anointing that was coming up against the bride. God doesn't leave his bride faith def defenseless. The bride has the anointing by which she can overcome. And now we are under the flying eagle anointing to fight the enemy. Amen. Now the anointing that we have received is not only you know in in the previous one the lion anointing though as strong and powerful as it was or the ox anointing or the man anointing as as hard as strong and powerful as it was but they had to fight the enemy when the enemy comes already in the camp. When the enemy is already in the camp then they have to fight when then they realize oh it's here and we have false teaching and then they fight and then that teaching ministry of the lion has to fight that the anointing but the eagle anointing is the anointing where to fly above and to see the danger before it comes. That's why we have so privileged to have a prophet who has warned us about things way before. I think I said that last time and I'll keep repeating it. He has warned us about things way before because he has a legal anointing. He flies above and warns us before it arrives. Amen. So we are living and accepting and feeding on a prophetic word of God that it can never fail. Amen. Because before it comes, God has already provided a way to fight against it. Amen. Amen. Amen. In order to have the right discernment of the things that happening now in the world, in order to be saved, in order to be to write to have even the best decisions, you cannot rely on what you hear on the news or the opinions of people. We thank God that we have to take the eagle anointing that have seen the danger before it arrives, even small as might be, even as innocent as it might be to warn us against it and to fight against it. Amen. You might see, but why is the pastor so hard upon those small things? Just small things. It's an eagle anointing. You see the dangers when it's still small because he doesn't want you to come to the camp. Why is the deacon so hard on people and he he has the eagle anointing. Amen. He can see the danger before it even arrives. Amen. We should rely on God's grace. Amen. Why Christ speak? Prophet says faith sees what God wants done and I hope this go this goes in. Faith doesn't look at the present time. Faith doesn't see this here. Faith looks to see what God wants and it works accordingly. That's what faith does. It sees what God wants and what God wants done. Faith operates through that. Faith is a long range vision. It doesn't lower its sight. It holds that target. Amen. Any good shooter knows that that's a long range. It's a telescope. It's a binocular that you don't look around here. You don't use binocular to see what time it is. You don't use that for that. But you use binocular to look a way off. Amen. Are you with me this morning? Faith does that. Faith picks up God's binocular, both of them, and both sides, the new and old testament, and sees every promise that he made. Amen. Faith sees it out young and faith chooses that regardless of what the present tense says here. It can apply to our spiritual work. It is apply to our family. It can apply to to whatever situation you're going through. Don't look at the present tense. Don't look at the symptoms. Don't look at the negativity. Take the binocular to God's word and see what God's promises has given you. Amen. That's where you have to look at. Amen. The devil will come and point out the things around you. See you are sick. You see you can't make it. You see you made a promise to God there yesterday but today you fails again and you fail again. And you look at the things here. But if you're a Christian, you hold on God's promise. I'm not going to look at the present tense here. I'm going to look at God's promise. Amen. I'm healed in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. I'm saved in Jesus Christ's name. I will have a clean heart life by Jesus Christ name. My children are saved by Jesus Christ name. Amen. Says he looks at the end. He doesn't drop his side down to look at this way. He looks out yonder. He keeps the crosshair dead center on the word. That's what faith does. Amen. That's the faith that's in a man that does those things. Amen. Amen. You see wisdom versus faith. The prophet says there are only two source that we can draw our life from. One of them is wisdom and the other is faith. We think that wisdom produces and what faith produces. Satan today two sources still introduced in the human race. We find out that God was the order of faith and to believe and for the people to believe and to trust his word. Satan is the order of wisdom trying to get the people to accept his wisdom and to pull them away from the faith that's in God's word. So we see two sources. One source will be the wisdom to make you think, to make you reason, to make you rely on the five senses of the flesh, on the five senses of the spirit. That's where the enemy will try to work on it. The greatest battle ever thought is in the mind. Amen. Coming to your mind, discouragement and coming pointing deception and things to make you reason and look at things negative things, you know, or someone says something wrong. Sometimes they didn't even say it. But you so if you believe that someone says something wrong and doesn't like you, the devil will point you to many things that looks like he doesn't like you. You see, oh, he doesn't do that. You see, he doesn't like you. He confirms what I was thinking. Is that you see what you see? And you will go on that line and you feel like it's really okay and everything is going together. But it's just a lie of the devil. Don't say anything negative against your brother. Don't think anything negative against your sister. Why? Because the devil thought you have to put it under obedience of the word of God. If you feel like there is something ought, go and talk and let it aside. Amen. I was I was bothering you. I was I had something in my heart of about my brother. So I think I have something against my brother. I couldn't sleep that night. I woke up and I prayed to God I I hope there's nothing that you know I have to get rid of this thought. So I went to talk to the brother. Brother I think I'm sorry for I say something the other day I say this. Did you get it? The brother. Oh no I it didn't even cross my mind. Amen. It's good I took it out, but I look behind a Satan. I could have slept. Sometimes it's like that. It points you to different things, but it's not there. Just the mind. Two sources of life. Take faith. Don't take wisdom or reasoning. That's where the enemy is going. What if Abraham had to take reasoning? God tells you know Abraham you are going to have a son but you are old. The devil was certainly pointing to the negative things. You see you are old and not only you are old but Sarah is also old and she can't bear a son. She can't bear a child. All the different things had to come in his mind working upon his mind. But what did what did Abraham did? No I reject I reject anything of the devil. I reject any thought of the devil. I will take the word of God. I will take the promise of God. I will hope against any hope. I will have faith against any doubt. I will doubt my own doubt. Amen. And I will have faith in the word of God. Amen. I will confess what the word of God says rather than what my reasoning is bringing me to say. Amen. Because the word of God will always be true. Amen. Amen. Romans 4:17. As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed even God who quickenth the dead and calleth those things which be not as though they were. He does not see them. But Abraham was already confessing as if they were. Amen. And who against hope believed in hope that he might become the father of many nations according to that which was spoken. So shall thy seed be. And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body, now dead when he was about a hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of S Sarah's womb. Is staggered not I like this verse. Is tiger not at the promise of God through unbelief. He might be feel weak. He might the devil might put any thought, but deep inside his soul, he believe what the word of God says that it will come to pass. Amen. And we are the royal seed of Abraham. We are taking the word of God. No matter what the circumstances are, we believe the word of God. Amen. That's right. You don't have a believing husband. You don't have a believing wife. You don't have a believing child. Take the word of God and keep pressing your Amen. Amen. But was strong in faith, giving glory to God. I like that. He was giving glory to God. Before seeing the result, he's already praising God. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I praise you, Lord. That's what the enemy doesn't understand about us. We go through trials and different things like people from the world, they complain and different things, but the son of God, oh, thank you, Lord. Like we heard that song this, thank you, Lord, because you know everything right. You will work everything at the right season. You are God in control. Thank you Lord. Giving glory to God. That's how you resist the enemy. He will try to put discouragement, disappointment, negativity. Keep glorifying God and confessing that this word is true. Amen. And being fully persuaded that what he had promised he was able to perform. Amen. Amen. That's why the proverb says position seven church ages. The importance of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized. Revelation means more to you than perhaps you realize. Revelation is faith. Our faith is our victory. Revelation means more to you than perhaps you realize. Amen. It is the revelation of God that will give you authority over the devil. Your faith in the word of God will give you authority upon over the devil. Amen. You might not have power like that policeman. You know you can see a car coming physically doesn't have power to stop that car but he knows the authority behind him. He knows what stand behind him. You might not have the power physically to fight the enemy. But if you stand on God's word, it's not you. It's authority of whole heaven standing behind you. Amen. Because you stand behind the word of God. The word of God will stand behind you. Amen. You can say to the devil, "Stop. Enough is enough. I'm not going to hear what you are saying." You ignore him completely. We need to learn to ignore the devil. It's one of the other way to resist the Oh, do you resist the devil? Ignore him. Don't pay attention to him. He just blah blah blah chatter chatter chatter. Oh, oh, that's the devil again. Oh, it's you again. Oh no no no I don't want to pay attention there. I want to stay upon the word of God. What does the word of God say? I'm healed. Oh thank you Lord. I'm healed. The doctor report comes and you know you know you can never be healed. You know you have to go through this and this this. Oh oh oh thank you doctor but I'll try to follow the advice as much as I can but there is a greater a greater doctor than you and that's what I'm going to take as the greatest report. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. the revelation of God that will give you authority over the devil. There is nothing of such prevailing power as the revelation of the word. The anchor holds despite the waves, despite the troubles, despite all the different things, we need to cherish that anchor. It's stronger than ourself. Yes. As a real believer, sometimes you can think, "Oh, no. I can get rid of I can just leave the message." You cannot leave the message. If that anchor is there, it will pull you back again. You cannot you you cannot be satisfied without that that anchor holes. And that's why we it's important to feed upon the word of God to make that anchor stand even further deeper. Like pastor said, let's go deeper deeper in the word of God. Let that anchor hold. And it's holding. Thank God. Amen. So don't let the devil make you reason that you cannot resist that lust or that you cannot overcome that temper or that you cannot be healed that can the children cannot be saved. Let me tell you, you are more than a conqueror to Christ who strengthens you. Amen. Amen. going to go ahead here. I want to get some think here that the best sign in the world says it says when you take your stand for Jesus Christ stay there and die by it. God testifying of his gift. God says it the truth don't you fear Satan has got anything to do about it. Don't argue with him. Don't fast with him. Just ignore him and walk away. If you fast with him, he will keep you fasting day and night. See? Well, he will say, you know, you are not healed. You'll say, well, no. Look, Satan, I want to tell you something. Don't say it. Just say, get away. Amen. I don't want to hear nothing about you. And walk on and say, "Thank you, Lord." Go on. Don't pay any attention to it. Submit yourself therefore to God and resist the devil and he will flee from you. We need to resist the devil. Amen. He will flee from us. Let me change closing here. Give me a few minutes. Hold your belly. The devil will flee if you say no. I don't want that. He will come and he will run away. But he's not going to run away forever. He will come back again. He will try another way. The devil sometimes he he will he will try to use our kids against us. You know the prophet could identify no that my baby is crying all all the time. Now it's the devil Rebecca. Now that's the devil. You recognize it. You have to rebuke it. Times can be the parents against the children. times can be your wife against the husband or the vice versa. So you try different ways right the wrong time and oh you you overreact and I uses that. So we we need to know how we knew to identify as a believer. You need to discern all that. That's the enemy. I don't want to I don't want to give into that. You you create the atmosphere. You you have to work on that to resist him. It's a fight. But you have to resist. You have to create the right atmosphere. Is the right comparison I could think of is to the devil is a mosquito. A devil is like a mosquito. We're going to go in summer now. Mosquito going to come. you you reject him, he will go but he comes again like he he's so stubborn. He does. He's just want some of them at the end you you kill him, right? That the devil, you will go and come back again. You go and come back. It's time to be completely destroyed is coming. But as is there, you need to cast him away. He comes this way, you cast him away. You come away, you cast him away. You come this way, cast him away. You know in Africa where mosquito they have malaria. Here they here they don't have malaria. Thank God. But I grew up in Africa part of my life. Mosquito malaria. Oh, and they bite you. Oh, when you get malaria, it gets you so sick. It's it's it's like a cold and flu and everything mixed. So very bad thing. But you know how what we used to do sometime outside and then you there so a lot many of them mosquito and you try to fight them. You fight them. What do you have to do? You have to run in the house. Amen. You have to be sealed in the house. Then they are outside. They can't fight you. You're outside. You need to be sealed. The same thing as a Christian as I started at the beginning. Sometimes you have to run from them and be sealed in Christ. You have to be sealed in Christ. You cannot overcome without the Holy Ghost. You have to be sealed in Christ because if you go outside of Christ, that's where you have troubles. Amen. Be behind Christ. Be behind the token. Amen. If the devil comes, you have to show him the token. when he comes to fight against you, show him the token. Show him that you are a son of God. I'm standing on God's promises. I reject what the enemy is trying to put upon me. Amen. But sometimes as a example of a mosquito, sometimes they stepped in in the mind, right? They come and they in the house and oh, one step and it still catches you. But not all mosquitoes bite will make you sick. No, not all of them will make you sick. You can reason and makes you sick. There is something that is greater. And I want to leave you with that thought. As the prophet says, another thing that we take food for is to build up our body to resist diseases. If you don't take food and let your body get weak, then it's subject to diseases. diseases will break right into the bloodstream and here you're gone. And if your blood isn't rich and pure well then it will dis it will disease will go right into your bloodstream. So you've got to eat good nourishing food to keep your bloodstream right. If you don't you're allergic to diseases. That's what the matter with a lot of Christians. That's the problem with a lot of Christians. He's been there. is a Christian. He gave his life to Christ. But all the time he's sick. All the time he's sick. All the time he's sick. But you are born again. Oh, even sometimes born again Christians, but all time sick spiritually. All time seeks. Why? Because they don't feed upon the word of God. Amen. The Holy Spirit feeds upon the word of God. We have to feed upon the word of God. You can't just rely sometimes on one service on a Sunday. You become weak and full of diseases. You'll end up being you see something catches on you. You you are very quick to temper. You are very quick to gossiping. You are very quick to different things. Very quick to last. Why? Because you are weak. The blood stream is weak. Even though you are Christian, but you are weak. But God has given up a seven fe a seven seven course menu meal. Amen. the word of God, the spiritual food in due season, feed upon it daily. Amen. A Christian feeds on the word of God daily. Amen. Quick example to put if I if you eat now, now the belly is already starting, right? Natural natural need. Something is telling you, okay, you need to eat God. Thank God for that because if you don't have it, you'll starve. I don't feel I don't feel hunger. Oh, I don't feel hunger. You'll die. Even though you don't feel that hunger, you'll die. But when you have that hunger, it's God's signal that you put inside of your body say no, you have to feed otherwise you'll die. The same thing for spiritually say no, you can think, oh, I don't feel like the needs to eat. I'm okay. No, you're not okay. You need to come back to the word of God. Let let that let that that that thirst or hunger be there. If you don't have there, so God, give me that hunger to feed upon the word of God. If I don't have it, I'm becoming weak without knowing that I'm weak. And that's why I'm bound to diseases. I'm bound to this. I'm bound to criticism. I bound to all sometimes you can even quot the word of God. But you have a critical spirit. Why all those things? Because you are not feeding upon the word. I don't want to end up in this negative tone, but I just put it and don't listen to encouragement to each each and every one of us. Lord, I want to feed upon the word of God because that's what will give me power to resist the devil. So God from here the diseases and different things, spiritual diseases, the word of God has the vitamins to fight against it. God has given us the appropriate word of God to be able to fight those diseases. End time message meet end time conditions. In this end time conditions we are living in that many evil spirit but God has provided the word of God to fight those diseases. Amen. We are an overcomer. Amen. There's no perfect love in the world. You can never find perfect love in the world. Even in the religious world, perfect love can only be found in a message. What is producing that? The food we are feeding on. The Holy Spirit that is feeding upon the word of God will produce perfect love. Amen. Amen. Cannot go on the other side without that perfect love. How is it going to come? Feed upon the word of God. The Holy Spirit will produce that. Amen. Prophet says we are not feeding on a man. A man his word will fail. But you are feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. If you haven't fed fully on every word to give yourself strength to fly above all these denominations and things of the world, you're struggling to fight the things of the world. You know, come and feed upon the word of God. Create the atmosphere. Amen. The mosquito don't like the spray. Why? Because it create an atmosphere that they can't resist or they can't stand. The same thing for a Christian. Stay in prayer. It will create that atmosphere. It will sweeten your temper. Amen. What is making that? You create atmosphere to prayer to the things you read. Amen. It will fight the enemy. The body will fight for you. Sometimes you you don't even to come and fight yourself and fight yourself as as Peter wanted you to fight. You know, he wanted you to fight as they came to to take Jesus Christ. So, I'm going to show them how I can fight with my sword. Jesus says, "No, leave that sword. If you kill with a sword, you'll die with that sword. It's not that sword I'm talking about. You need to take the sword of the word of God. And told Peter, when I ask you to pray, because temptation was coming. This is what I was talking about in the time of temptation. Before it comes, you need to pray. Why people are falling when temptation comes? Because sometimes maybe they don't pray enough. May God give us the desire to pray because we are resisting against the enemy. How can I be a strong believer? Pray and read the Bible every day. Simple quote. Simple quote. But we are fighting in the flesh. But God may God give us grace. Amen. I'll finish with this quote of this. We are we are fighting against the enemy and we are in the business of chopping the enemy and fighting against the enemy. what is give upon you, you reject what the enemy is giving. The prophet says, could you imagine the United States Army training a man to sit around and eat cookies and so forth? Why? He gives him a uniform and his gun and trains him to get out there and fight and defend the nation. That's what we've got to do. We've got to defend our Godgiven right. What God says, it's ours. Let's stand right toeto toe with Satan. Amen. Everything that is God is defeated. The only thing is a scarecrow that all he cannot bother you. A man that's born of the spirit of God. There is nothing at all can harm him. Now Satan can push things all over you and just keep shoving out shoving you out and shoving you out. Amen. Says if you went to my house tomorrow night and looked out and they moved into my house, it was a big bunch of people and they were drunk and prostitute and carry on. output them and how how are you going to do? You'll say I'm a human. This house is made for human. I can live here too. This belongs to me. Amen. Are you following me? This is my legal possession. I've got an abstract deed here at a courthouse that shows this belongs to me and you cannot stay here any longer. Observe notice on them and they'll have to move. If they didn't, there is a law down there that will make them move. The Holy Ghost is here to enforce the word of God and make that move. Satan, this is not your legal possession. Get out. I'll call my son. Is he sleeping? Paul, come. Brother Victor, come if you don't mind. I'm going to call the Victor. Satan. I hope it's okay. That's okay. I hope it's okay. My son is a son of God. Sometimes in our mind that how things present. We are so small but the devil is so big or he pretend to be big. It's actually a dream that someone had. Brother Bam talks about that dream. Says there was someone was there. The devil was coming to come to that little that that that brother and every time he will say woo woo and the brother will come will feel so small and the devil will look so big so big so big every time you say woo so big so big and if he if he doesn't quote the word of God he become so small so small but the prophet says as the brother was having that dreams he didn't have any weapon and he look around he found the Bible of God the Bible that the only thing he will take so every time the devil says boo, he takes the word of God, he says, say boo back to him. Boo. Say boo. He say back. Say boo. Boo. Say I'm healed. I'm healed. I'm saved. I'm saved. Jesus Christ is my redeemer. Jesus Christ is my redeemer. My family is saved. My family is As he's quoting the word of God is becoming bigger and the devil is becoming smaller. Thank you, brother. Bless. [Applause] That's how we have to be. We have to stand toe-to-toe with the devil. And even though it might be a big symptom, something abnormal, you call the word of God, you say, "Boo devil. I'm standing on the word of God. And I'm going to be a normal an overcomer more than an overcomer because Jesus Christ already paid the price for me." Amen. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. Brother Andrew, I'll need you. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Amen. Amen. In the name of Jesus. Oh, in the name of Jesus. We have the victory victory. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Demons will have to flee. When we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before us. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Once again, in the name of Jesus. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name of Jesus in the name of Jesus. Oh, demons will have to flee. Oh my sister, when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before us in the precious name of Jesus. We have the victory. When we come in the name of Jesus, when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before us in the precious name of Jesus. We have the victory. How many believe that? Glory to God. Glory to God. The name of Jesus is above any other name. Amen. There is power, power, power in the name of Jesus. [Music] Oo. Be free from your burden of sin. Oh, there's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would your evil a victory win? There's one wonderful power in the love. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There's power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Oh my brother, power in the blood. Come for a cleansing toilet. There's one wonderful power in the blood. There is power. Oh, there is power. Power wonder working power in the blood. Oh, the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder, working power in the precious blood of the lamb. And would you be wider and wider than snow, my brother? There's power in the blood. Oh my power in the blood. Since things are lost, it is lifegiving flow. For there's wonderful power in the glory. Oh, there is power. There is power, power, wonder working. Oh, in the blood in the blood of the lamb of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you still service? Would you do service for Jesus your king, my brother? Power in the blood, my sister. Power in the blood. Would you lift daily? His praises to sing. There's wonderful power in the blood. For there is power. There is power. Power. Wonder working power in the blood. In the blood of the lamb of the precious lamb, there is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Let's give the Lord hand and praise him. Father, we thank you for your grace, your mercy. We thank you for the victory of Calvary. We thank you for the blood of Jesus Christ. We thank you for the Holy Ghost. We thank you father for the word of God. We thank you father for the unfailing body word of the son of man. The spiritual food induces and f. Thank you for your promises. Lord we give you the glory and the honor. Father we are going to ignore the devil. We are going to ignore the symptoms of the devil. We are going to take the word of God. Father thank you for the encouragement this morning. Father we love you and appreciate you Lord. We commit oursel to you Lord. Help us Lord to stand firm in the faith of God to feed upon the word of God to pray constantly daily. Father Lord make us strong in the promises of God. Father Lord may you continue to make your word more real. Father make us hungry and thirsty of more of Jesus. Lord we are not we are thank you for the testimony of life but we are we are more hungry for more. Father thirsting for more of you Lord. Thank you for your grace your mercy Lord. May you bless your people this morning, Father, as we we will go our separate ways. We pray, Father, to be with us. Lead us, Father, Lord, until we meet again. May your grace be upon us, Father. Bless our pastor. Bless your people, Lord, as we commit oursel to you. We give you your the glory and the honor and we ask for more grace, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. All the church say, "Amen." Amen. I am resolved, no longer to linger, charmed by this world's delight. [Music] Things that are higher, things that are noble, these have a Lord my side. Oh, I will hasten to him. face and so glad and free. Well, Jesus Jesus is the greatest highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved to go to the Savior, leaving my sin and stru [Music] One is the just one. He has the words of life. Oh, I will hasten to him. Glory to God. Oh my Jesus. Jesus is the greatest highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved to follow the Savior, faithful and true each day. [Music] Heal what he say and do what he will. He is the living way. Oh, I am I will I will hasten to him. They sit so glad and free. Oh my Jesus, Jesus greatest highest. I will come to thee. [Music] I am resolved. And who will go with me? Come friend without delay. [Music] taught by the Bible led by the spirit. We will walk the heavenly way. Oh, I will I will I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus, greatest, highest, I will come to thee. Amen. Amen. We'll just have a a quick prayer and then we'll be dismissed. Lord, heavenly father, we thank you, Lord, that Father, you you you're still calling, you're still hastening, Lord. Father, that Lord, you've placed everything, Lord, Lord, before us, Lord Although we need, Lord, to to be enthroned with you, Lord, to to know you as a father, Lord, to know you as a healer, to know you as a friend, Lord. And Father, would you just be here, Lord, in this church and not just this church, but Lord, your church, Lord, season uh your children with grace, Lord, and Lord, in favor, Lord. And Father, would you go with us where we go, Lord? Would we, Lord, draw just draw close, Lord? We ask him, Lord, we ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You're dismissed. [Music]
