################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 05 21 Moses Ndala Speak to the Rock of Ages - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 05 21 Moses Ndala Speak to the Rock of Ages
Speaker: Moses Ndala
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzS-C4H7eLk
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
th when I think that God his son not sent him to die. I scarce can take it out and on the cross my burden gladly be to take away my s and sings my soul my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. And sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation and take me home. What joy shall fill my heart. And I shall bow in humble adoration and there proclaim my God how great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee, how great thou are. How great thou sings my soul, my savior God to thee, how great thou are. How great thou are, oh Lord my God. When I in awesome wonder consider all the worlds thy hands have made. I see the stars. My hands thunder, my brow through the universe is sings my soul, my savior God to thee, how great thou are. How great thou are and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou man. Bear with me a little bit. I'm doing sound. My voice isn't the best right now. [Music] 608. Keep coming back to the world. [Music] Blessed [Music] that satisfies the thirst of the inner man. And better place can be found to dwell. Oh, don't you come to the well. I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is the power and sweet is the taste. Whenever temptations and trials I face, I keep coming back to the well. Jesus made a well at Calvary. heaven cleansing and victory. How it's chosen. I thank God for the well. I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is the power and sweet is the taste. Whatever tempions and trials I face, I keep coming back to the well blessed. Blessed is the fountain in the barren land that satisfies the thirst of the inner man. A better place can be found to dwell. Oh, won't you come to the well? I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is the power and sweet is the taste. Never temptations trials I face. I keep coming back to the well. I keep coming back. I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is the power and sweet is the taste. Whatever tempations and trials I face, I keep coming back to the well [Music] 332. Standing on the promises on the promises of Christ my king through eternal ages. Let his praises ring. Glory in the highest I will shout and sing. Oh standing on the promises. Oh God, I'm standing standing standing on the promises of God, my savior. Standing, standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises that cannot fail. When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail, by the living word of God, I shall prevail. Standing on the promises of God. Oh, I'm standing, standing, standing on the promises of God, my savior. Standing, standing. I am standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises I now can see. Perfect present cleansing in the blood for me. Standing in the liberty where Christ makes free. Oh, standing on the promises of God. Oh, I'm standing, standing, standing on the promises of God. My savior. Standing. Standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord. Bound to him eternally by love. Stronghold. Overcoming daily with the spirit sword. Oh, standing on the promises of God. Oh, I'm standing standing standing on the promises of God, my savior. Standing, standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. No matter what we think is happening in the world, no matter how we feel, God's words is his work. So fulfilled in a way we may not think of [Music] 278. This world is not my home. [Music] This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid off somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't be led home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? Angels back at me from heaven's open door. And I can't heal at home in this world anymore. They're all expecting me. That's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. I know he'll see me through. Though I am weak and bold and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. Heaven's not my home. And Lord, what will I do? The angels beckoning me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Just over a glory land. We'll live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. The songs of sweetest praise drift back from heaven's door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. Not my hope. Then Lord, what will I do? The angels back at me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what will I do? The angels back in me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Brother Benjamin is he still needs the job. [Music] I don't want to know from this one. Lord, heavenly father, we thank you that Lord Lord that you are the one that does the choosing for that Lord you're the one Lord that does the calling that Lord there was Lord nothing in me Lord that I saw Lord or worthy Lord Lord of the grace Lord you've given us Lord and Lord of of Lord this word Lord that you've given us Lord Lord I visit my family Lord this this weekend and my my grandparents Lord they there's so many things in this world Lord we could trade or think we could trade Lord for Lord for your salvation Lord for your grace but none of it is worth it Lord I see Lord many people Lord that don't know you Lord Lord how blessed are we are Lord that we can have you Lord as a savior Lord that Lord that we can be the bride of heaven the bride of of Jesus Lord and not Lord not just Lord call Lord Lord from the wayside but Lord you sought after us Lord you chose us Lord Lord you pursued us Lord and you're still pursuing us and I just I thank you Lord that Lord you're Lord you're still running after me Lord you're still running Lord, your children, Lord, Lord, and we, Lord, we we ask, Lord, that you go after those, Lord, who who've gone astray, Lord, Lord, that have who are gone their own way, Lord, and Father, will they return to you, Lord. Lord, thank you, Lord, for bringing our pastor home, Lord, safely, Lord. Lord, for being with him, Lord, Lord, and be with those, Lord, that are still traveling, Lord, Brother Victor, Lord, and Lord, we just we thank you, Lord, that you provide our everything, Lord. Lord and we thank you for the provision Lord you will provide Lord for brother Benjamin Lord Lord and just for Lord all of us Lord I just Lord I thank you Lord Lord would you Lord made us here this evening Lord would you speak Lord Lord would we Lord give you praise Lord we ask these things in Jesus Christ greet one Once my heart and soul were fed by chains of sin. But the great emancipator set me free to worship him. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He's the great emancipator. That's the song of the redee. Like a lost lamp, I was drifting. Oh, so helpless and alone. But the seeking shepherd found me, led me to my father's home. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He's the great emancipator. That's the song of the redeemed. Once my heart and soul were fed by the binding chains of sin. But the great emancipator set me free to worship him. Glory, glory, hallelu. Blessed be his holy name. He's the great emancipator. That's the song of the redeemed. Like a lost lamb, I was drifting. Oh, so helpless and alone. But the seeking shepherd found me. led me to my father's throne. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy day. He's the great emancipator. That's the song of the redee. If you were a lost lamb, you were probably dirty and unsure. He washed you by the water. Singed by the water. [Music] Do you know what it is not to have one guilty feeling or to wonder where you're going when you die. Not condemned of the past. Not afraid of what tomorrow holds in store and know the reason why. Yes, that's just how it is. When you go down in the water for by faith, you believe in what you heard. It's no impossible dream. You can start over clean. You're washed by the water of the work. Are you washed by the water? Washed by the water of the word. Are you washed by the water? Washed by the water of the word. It's like being born again with a whole new life to live. never having to look back to what you did. Cuz according to the Lord, you've just started your existence. And where he's concerned, there never was no sin. For when God looks your way, he no longer sees a sinner, but a saint who's been washed white as snow. It's not by anything we've done, but by the blood of God's own son. Are you washed by the water of the word? Are you washed by the water? Washed by the water of the word. Are you washed by the water by the water of the word? Yes, I'm washed. Yes, I'm washed by the water. Washed by the water of the word. Yes, I'm wash by the water. Washed by the water of the word. Yes, I'm washed. Yes, I'm washed by the water. Washed by the water of the word. Yes, I'm washed by the water. Washed by the water of the word. [Music] Come let's sing the role is called [Music] the trumpet of the Lord shall sound and time shall be no and the morning breaks eternal. eternal bride and fair. Then the saved on earth shall gather over on the other shore. And the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there when the roll is called up yonder. When the road yonder When the road is called up yonder when the road is called up yonder I'll be there when the road is called y when the road called yonder. And the Lord is calling me and the glory resurrection share. When his chosen one shall gather to their home beyond the sea. When the roll is called yonder, I'll be there. When the roll when the roll y [Music] when the roll is cold and y when the roll is cold I'm yonder I'll be there let us labor oh let us labor for the master from the dawn till setting son let us talk all his wondrous love and care. [Music] And when all our life is over, our work on earth is done and the roll is gone. Yonder. Oh, when the roll when the roller when the roller when the roll is gone, I'm young. When the roll is gone, I'm yonder. I'll be there. When the all When the roll is gone, I'm young. Oh, when the roll is gone. Oh, when the roll is gone, [Music] when the roll is gone, yonder, I'll be there. Let's give a hand to the Lord this evening. Amen. Amen. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. When I was in primary school, they call your name and you say present, present. I'm here. I'm here. On that day, when our names are called, I'm here. I'm here. I'm present here. But says you, it's not that you will make it. You have already made it. Because you have the Holy Ghost. Amen. So, it it's a blessing, the assurance. We know that you'll be there. Amen. I greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ this evening. It's good to be in the house of the Lord and uh to have this prayer meeting. It's always good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. So, thank the Lord I greet you and I'm so happy to be with you this evening. I was sharing pastor Pastor Zigg I was just saying you know I was away and you know especially after the funeral and everything we had a bit of three three days I was wondering I should have maybe just come back on Monday. I just missed you so much. I didn't know that I loved you that much. I know I love you, but I I know that I missed you that much. Was like, "Oh, I don't feel comfortable here anymore. I want to go there." And with the Saint, I'll miss the Wednesday service. Oh, no. I wish I just came back on Monday, then I can take part in the Wednesday service. Even preparing for that. I wish I had a long service then I can preach. I feel like preaching to the people. Oh, you know the brother says at that time when you feel that love and know we feel like we don't want to be separated anymore just want to be together. So God bless you richly and it's good to be among Christians and small church maybe that's why we are so united I feel like when one is there like oh we why he's not there he should be there amen because we are part of one body and we are so close to one another. Amen. I it's also good not right at good atmosphere brother Andrew and just the good songs and everything. So was just good to be that he's not feeling well but he's always faithful as poster duty. May God bless him richly. We missed him on Sunday and brother Joseph stepped in and thank you for that coordination that we have between you and God bless you richly and amen. Uh um brother Daniel, God bless you. Brother Daniel is from uh from um Lebridge or at least moment at this moment from Lesbridge. We we have a saying here we can claim you and you can come. So he's from Lebridge. So he's visiting us by surprise. I didn't know that he was here. So I'm just surprised to see him here. I I couldn't almost hold it. I say, "Hey, what are you and I saw him I was so surprised to see him." So he's a friend of brother. He the first church he visited in Canada was this church. So when he arrived the first time he visited this church, I think sister one of the daughters of Matendo uh get got in contact with him and they invited him here. So that was the first church that he visited. So it's good that when he can come back to the origin the So it just come from where it started. Amen. There's a law. Your destiny is your origin. You know, we came from God. We're going back to God. So So maybe your destiny is here. Amen. Thank God. And uh and Sister Wendy, I didn't see you when you came back. So I'm so glad to see you. God bless you. Hopefully you had a very good time in the US. And we missed you. And it's good that you are here among us. God bless you. Brother Blaine was was single for some time. Now he's good that he's I'm sure he's happy that you are here. and all the regulars, Brother Dan, Brother Daniel, and Sister Anita, Brother Joseph, and the wife, and my wife, and and sister [Laughter] and sister Claudia and all the regular and brother Peter and Mama Mati and Mama Tendo and and all of us here, just here. God bless you richly. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you. Thank you to be in the house of the Lord this evening. Father, each person brought the leak of fire just to be in the presence for this prayer meeting. Father, we just want to surrender oursel to you to refocus once again upon you. Father, speak to our heart. Few words from you, Father, will make a difference. Amen. As brother Andrew said it, Father, this world is not our home. It's not our place. But we have so privileged to have the word of God to realize that we are part of the grace of God that we have been saved. That great shepherd looked and sought us and found us. He washed us with the word of God. Cleanse us, Father, so that we can be a vessel that you can use for your glory, Father. Lord, we are here to surrender oursel to you. You know our needs. You know the needs of our families and our friends and our loved ones. Father, we just want to commit oursel to you and just look into your word and father speak one thing that will increase our faith just to be able to talk to you, Father, in in in with faith and believing your word. Father, bless your people this evening as we commit oursel to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. I would invite you to go to the word of God in Exodus 17. I just want to share small thought. Um, Exodus 17 verse 5-7. And the Lord said unto Moses, Exodus 17, the Lord said, The Lord said unto Moses, "Go on before the people, and take with thee of the elders of Israel, and thy road, wherewith thou smote of the river, take in thine hand, and go. Behold, I will stand before thee there upon the rock in Horeb, and I shall smite the rock, and there shall come water out of it, that the people may drink. And Moses did so in the sight of the elders of Israel. And he called the name of the place Masa and Meibba because of the children of the because of the shiding of the children of Israel and because they tempted the Lord saying is the Lord among us or not. Amen. God bless his word and you can have a seat. My thought I took it from the message brother Banam preached the everpresent water from the rock and if you take from if you see uh as the the scripture is saying here they tempted the lord saying is the lord among us or not it's a good question sometimes by depend sometimes on the on the on the attitude that we have behind it and I think I shared that one time I felt like repeating it once again sometimes The attitude we have about it is is really the Lord among us. So is is why things are not why this way? Why we don't see miracles? Why this and why this? I think it's a problem of that. I think it's a problem of that. And you take it in a spirit of complaining and murmuring. And that's what the Lord doesn't like. And sometimes you can ask, "Oh God, are you with me? Oh Lord, if you're not with me, help me because I can't go without you." And Lord, help me. I want your presence. It's different. I had the same questions but depending on how you approach it and how you look at it. No. So, oh why why is our church so small? Why shouldn't this? Why this? Why that song? Why this? Why this? And then the Lord is not happy. So no but but I'm writing the right question and sometimes criticizing the right you had the right the right questions but the spirit behind it just remove even the the the meaning or the reason why why people should look at it in a proper way. It's sometimes the motives and the objectives behind it that breaks the whole thing is the Lord among us is really why Moses look at us in the desert. Why we have this? If if it was really God's will, why the promised land is just few days here, but but why is putting us this way and going this way? Why we have this mana? Why we this man the same food all the time? The same food all the time. Prophet says actually in our modern terms times is is why we go to church? Why all the same thing? They seem we know that what there will be few songs at the beginning and a prayer and a few songs and then we then the preacher comes and he and he preaches and after that we few songs and we go home. Why repeating the same things? I can almost I know already what how will happen and we get used to it. The problem sometimes we get used to it. It becomes a traditions and it becomes just oh no I just I'm just doing it by yeah because I have to do it because I have to I I have to show my presence in the church and if they don't I don't do that then they will know that I'm not there you know I'm the pastor of the church so I have to be there you know so otherwise people will complain or maybe I'm this or you know I know you have to come because you love the Lord because you want to be in church and you you want to worship the Lord. It's not because of others and what the others will say, you know. Oh, sometimes when I just come, you know, I I'll come only when I have this brother or this preacher and everything, you know, because otherwise it's just the same thing. He speaks slowly and he mumbles and everything. He's really the Lord with him to begin with because that's the problem there. They are tempting me there. So, we are here, we are so thirsty and we want water. But why the Lord doesn't give us water? He knows that we need water. Why he doesn't give us water? Why? Why this? The Lord knows that there will be water. He knows that. He knows that they need water. He knows our needs. He even knows our needs. But how do we approach him? How do we come to him? How how do we even ask him? That's where the problem is. But doesn't see that I'm suffering. I've been in the message for so long time. I've been so faithful. Why am I suffering? Why this? Why my family? Why this? Oh no. That's no that's the wrong approach. So Lord, may your perfect will be done despite the the trials, despite the circumstances, despite despite what I what I see, what I don't understand, I know that you are working. Amen. I just continue to believe your word and trusting in you and know that you you are answering my my prayer at the right time. Help me to be patient. Help me to wait. Give me patience to wait. At the right time, at the appointed time, the vision shall be fulfilled. I know that the Lord is on my side. He knows my needs. He cares for me. You keep confessing the word of God. You keep claiming the word of God. I know that he has not forsaken me. He will not leave me alone. He's with me. He will not leave me fatherless. He knows my need and he's there on my side. Amen. Positive confession, a ragged Christian. Amen. Despite the circumstances, I know that the word is true. Amen. Heaven and earth will pass away, but God's word will never pass away. I know that the message is the truth. I know that I'll be part of the rapture. Amen. Oh, I see sometimes the mistakes, but I know that he's working in my life. The Lord is leading me. He's guiding me. No spirit of complaints, no spirit of memory, no spirit of comparison, no spirit of criticism, no spirit o of even comparing to others. I'm I'm special in God's eyes. God loves me. God is leading me. God is on my side. Amen. And he's the one who put the desire to serve him inside of me. It's not a man who called me in the message. Is God who called me. Amen. Amen. Then then you know you know Paul Paul and Silas could have that that attitude when they were in the jails. So we were there preaching for him and testifying about God. Why it happened to us? Why why now they were being beaten now? Well, why these things? Why this? But but didn't look at that negative side. Not at all. They start praising the Lord right there in the jail thanking the Lord, Lord. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. No matter what, I bless your name. The the the jailers were there and all the prisoners over there, but they probably did not understand. How come these people are still praising the Lord in those circumstances? And they're still in jails. They're still in the feathers. They're still in chains. But God was working a miracle because of their attitude. Amen. Sometimes our attitudes changed everything. Brother says the right mental attitude towards every promise of God will bring it to pass. Not even faith but the right mental attitudes. Just to start by that it will bring it to come to pass. Amen. Now if you add to that the faith the assurance that is going to be so, how much more we should expect result. Amen. Amen. It might take one day, it might take two days, might take two hours. It might be even at the same time there, but it will come to pass. Amen. That's right. Amen. Amen. So they come at that place there, they were complaining. They were so thirsty and they wanted to see water. And God told them, God called Moses, you know, they they murmuring. They they've tempted me by saying is the Lord is what now go and I will show you the miracles. If you go there and you take the same road and he say the Bible says the same road that you you use to smite the river. You mean the same road that you use to bring judgment upon Egypt that actually those people deserve to be punished. Those people deserve to be punished. Those people to be deserve to be smitten. But instead of smiting them, you are going to smite the rock. You're going to smite the rock and the rock is going to bring forth water. Amen. And from the from the place where you could never expect to find water from because it was a rigid and solid rock. But by smiting upon it, fresh water will come out from that rock. Amen. And as he did that, as he sm that rock, fresh water came out of it. Amen. The prophet says, he says in that message, he said, then it caused God to do something that was terri terrifically. It caused God to have Moses to take the judgment ro that he had judged the nation. We even smite the rock to bring forth war. Amen. It caused God to take the judgment of the whole world and smite his own son with it at Calvary that we might go free. It is more Jesus Christ on Calvary is the tree. Why? To bring us the freshness of the water or the fresh water of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Water means the Holy Ghost. Amen. He was written so that we can have the Holy Ghost and to raise the Holy Ghost in abundance. You know the prophet would take that comparison. Some people put that rock as a as a small sprinkle just giving a little water tickling thing and people had come with a spoon and take a little bit and oh this is a little bit of water in the wilderness. Prophet says that's not the image. That's the concept of a man but it was actually a stream of water flowing. Amen. The Holy Ghost is not a sprinkle. The Holy Ghost is a stream of water to give to the thirsty to the thirsty Christian whatever he has need. Are you thirsty this evening? Are you thirsty of more of God this evening? There is a great fountain to provide the water for the thirsty soul and thirsty heart this evening. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. He says that's the way they try to make Christ the Holy Spirit today. It's all that is just a little sprinkle. See, just enough to make you believe that there is a God. We are not Christians. Just enough to believe that God has sent a prophet. We believe that God has sent a prophet. But there is more than that. Amen. What does that prophet say? I believe everything that prophet says. There is more than just saying I'm a message believer. There's more than just saying I'm a Christian. Oh, I'm a Christian going to church, but I'm a Christian on Monday, on Tuesday, on Wednesday, on Thursday, on Friday, on Saturday, on Sunday. Every day, I'm drinking from the fresh water of God. Amen. I'm a Christian all the time. At home or at work, at school, wherever it might be, I'm a Christian. Amen. Drinking from the fresh water of God. And it's still available. That's my message this evening. That that war is still available this evening. That war is not a one time situation and left behind or one time at Calvary and that it or one time at the Pentecost that it not even one time only in time of the same water is available this evening. Amen. Whatever you have need of whether it is healing, whether it is a clean life, whether is salvation for your family, the same water is available this evening. Amen. We should not put God in the past. We should take God out of by the past and bring in the present tense still doing the same things, the same yesterday, today and forever. The same miracles he did in time of we should expect them in our lives today. Amen. Because the same water, the same rock is here. Amen. Amen. So now it is an abundance of water. David said, "My cup runth over. It's just a a gash of the Holy Spirit. People are afraid of it. Some people say, "Well, I'm just a little afraid. I will do this. I will do that." Or if if it happen to go little too deep. Can you show someone went a little too far? So, but you never do point to that one didn't go far enough. You know, you become a fanatic. You become like Don't be scared of becoming a fanatic. Sometimes it's actually it's better to become a fanatic than to become cold. Sometimes it's better to become a fanatic. And I'm so fanatic of God, fanatic of the word of God. You know, sometimes I see during the I see during during the the the the how do you call it? Skating or I mean the the hockey games. Oh, you see even a quiet brother becomes so so we have a game. We had a game. Oh, we have no and he start he start talking. Oh, wow. I didn't know that this brother can talk. Oh, wow. Even some sisters. Oh. Oh. Yes. It was it was a bad game yesterday. I don't know how they missed it. Oh, wow. Talkative sister. But what about the word of God? We should even be fanatical of the word of God. This is my message. This is the word of God. I'm on fire for God. Amen. I love the word of God. Oh. Oh. To be in the spirit for God. Amen. Get in the spirit of the word of God. Those are going to the board game and that game. They in the spirit for that game. man you you even see umbrell but in church. [Laughter] Oh God for the word of God. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Praise be to God. I love the Lord. Thank you. Even if you have heard it many times you just say thank you Lord. Thank you for saving me. Every time it strikes your mind. He strike your heart to realize the grace of God in your heart. You can never say I I already said amen yesterday. No. God saved me. He took me from the merry clay. Now he has putting me he has put me on the rock. Amen. I'm a son and daughter of God. I didn't choose him. I didn't choose him. He chose me first. He saved me first. I am his daughter. I am his son. Oh, wonderful. Amen. Because the rock is here. The rock is here. The prophet says that rock some people has opened the heart and mind that all Israel drunk and then they packed up the camels and tied the the hitches and on the on the on the horses and so forth and took their kids and journeyed on onto somewhere else and left the rock there sprinkling. You see that is wrong. That rock followed them. That rock was with them. That rock followed them. Because in 1 Corinthians 10:4, it says they did drink did all drink the same spiritual drink and they drank of that spiritual rock that followed them and that rock was Christ. So every time that rock was following them was following them was behind them. But you know the think about it it's a good questions. What happened between when it was struck and when God asked Moses not to strike it the second time but to speak to the rock? What happened between those two times? Because it was following them. What happened? How come there are two circumstances where they have to complain that there is no water? Good question, right? The rock is following you and then you they come all but Moses we look out we are dying again. Second time we are dying here. There is no water around us. And and why did you bring us here Moses? We want to go back to Egypt. Why this? Why this? Why this? Why this? They even forgot that the rock was still following them. That rock was still available there. Oh, the prophet says that's sometimes the problem with the church. They are putting things. They love things in the past. They love things in the future, but they're forgetting what God is doing right now. Amen. Who is the God who gave you the desire to come to church this evening? It's God. Amen. Who's the God who keeps you making you still desiring something you keep desiring to more of God. Amen. It's not a man. It's God. God is still working in your life, brothers and sisters. So this evening when we go in prayer, you talk to God as the present God. Amen. God, you are here. The rock has not left us. The rock has not left the church. The power of God has not left the church. The power of God is still in the church. Yes, we have need, but those need will just manifest the power of God in a greater way. Amen. The problem they had was they did not have faith. That's right. That's right. They did not have faith. Amen. Amen. So the prophet says, I would like this morning, it was speaking that this morning, everywhere the soul of your feet shall throw, I've given to you. Wherever you that goes, the Lord of thy God is with thee. Don't you fear any man. Be cou courageous. Just whatever you make, wherever you make a footstep, I'm right there with you. No matter where it's at. God is going with Joshua. The same God that goes with his church this morning. Let's drink from this fountain yonder. Amen. As we sung the song, coming back to the well, coming back all the time to the well because the well is still flowing with fresh water. Whatever you make a footstep, that's where God will be right with you to water in and give you life. I will be with you always, even unto the end of the age. Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. the laws of God. Now you say then brother Brham why is it that we do not do the things then when we should do how is it our gift and things in the church does not come to its color to where it should be. How is it our church does not lift up into the spot where it should be. The people in the testing time draws away like Israel did. They think that God has left them. God has not left us. Amen. God has not left us. But remember the rock never left Israel. Israel left the rock. It forgot about the rock being with them all the time. It was there. Went right with them to the end of the road. It followed them. It wasn't It wasn't out of speaking distance. That's why God asked Moses to speak to the rock. It was not too far to speak to that rock. God is not asking us to strike the rock anymore. He's not asking us to start a new things and or new revival or anything. God is asking us to speak to the rock to talk to the rock. Lord, I need this. Lord, you promised me this. Lord, you promise that you are always with me. Look at this situation. Look at this situation. You are still the master of all circumstances. You reign and rule. You are my God. You know my family. You know my situation. You know my health. You know my spiritual conditions. He's still here at the speaking distance. Amen. Amen. That's right. So it wasn't out of a hearing distance. It wasn't out of seeing distance. Neither is Christ with the church today is not out of speaking distance. Some of you have backsliden and done which was wrong and you have lost your joy and your water is dried up and you have not lost your salvation but you have lost sometimes the joy oh I don't feel like oh singing I don't oh it happens sometimes the days where you feel like oh but just start by singing sometimes clapping your hands put the music and it will change atmosphere oh thank you Lord thank you Lord and Before you know it, you already caught up in the spirit. Amen. Amen. Don't give don't give house. Don't give anything to the devil. The devil likes to discourage believers. He likes to show the negative side of everything. Always point to the negative side. Amen. But we are going to point to the positive side because faith is positive. The word of God is positive. Amen. All the time to the positive. Amen. Say amen. Says your water is dried up. He's still He's still in speaking distance of you. He follows you. He knows every move you make and everything you do. It says is longing to hear you call him on the scene. And this and God is waiting for you to call him on the scene. You are not you are not out of speaking distance with him. Though we have done wrong and sinned and turned our backs on him and done things we ought not to do, but yet he is with us. Christ said he will be with us. Amen. Numbers 20. That's why the God called Moses. And Moses and Aaron went out from the presence of the assembly unto the door of the table of the congregation. And they fell upon their faces and the glory of the Lord appeared unto them. And the Lord spoke unto Moses, saying, Take their rod, take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together. Thou and Aaron thy brethren. Speak ye unto the rock before the eyes, and he shall give forth his water, and they shall bring forth to them water out of the rock, so they shall give the congregation and their beast to drink. And Moses took the rod before the Lord. And as he commanded him, Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together. And he said unto them, "Here now, ye rebels, must we fetch you water out of this rock?" And Moses lifted out his hand and with his rod and smoked the road twice and a water came out abundantly still and the congregation drank and the beast drank. Amen. It say then it says and the Lord spake unto Moses because you believed me not to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel. Therefore I shall not bring this congregation into the land where I have given them. This is the water of Mary. because the children of Israel strove with the Lord and he was sanctified in them. So God is not asking us to smite the rock anymore but to speak to the rock. The prophet says I want to ask you something. If you are born again of the spirit of God that God doesn't doesn't have little weak part and big strong part is all together God. How many are Christian this evening? Amen. Even if you feel weak, you are not the weak part of God. God doesn't have weak part. Amen. God always have strong part. Amen. It says, "Oh, and if you had enough of God in you till you just barely a shadow, there is still enough power to make a new earth." Amen. As a Christian, you have the power to create a new earth. There is not enough power. There is in no not there is no there is enough power to make a new moon and a new system. Think about it as a Christian as a weak as you might be but if you confess your sins you repent and come back to God there is no weak part in God you have the power to create a new system. You have the power to create a new moon a new system a solar system. Really me? Yes you. you brother, you sister. Amen. Amen. He says it's God and it's strong. Prophet realize that what he has said is quite strong. Says, but right now every believer in here has life eternal which is God's spirit in you enough power that will raise up the dead that will heal the sick that will set hobbits in conditions. But you is controlled by a law that spirit that is in you. You are sons and daughters of God. That same spirit that you've got in you will raise yourself up at the day of resurrection. I like the way he's leading. He said there is a law and that law is controlled by faith. So the power you have it in you. The power of the Holy Ghost inside of you. It is enough to make a new moon and a new system. But it controlled by the by the faith. So the problem is not the power. The problem is the faith. Amen. Amen. If we have enough power, if we have enough faith, it will unleash, it will lose that power of God. But if some the problem is is oh God is give us more faith. Faith is revelation. Faith is revelation. Faith is the assurance. Faith is the evidence. Knowing that God, you will fulfill your word. I don't understand how it happened. I don't know how it happened. Yeah, I I'm strongly as a pastor of the church by God's grace, I'm believing that this church is going to be blessed. I don't know how, but I believe it's going to be blessed. And believe that God is going to manifest his power in his church because he will fulfill his word. Amen. As as a song leaders and I, we pray, we dedicate our lives with the musicians, we dedicate, we pray our life, we we dedicate our lives, man. We we we do everything in order. We try our best. And you as a believer, you come expecting God is going to fulfill his word. We don't know how these chairs are going to be filled. Amen. Because God is going to fulfill his word. Amen. Says we are now in the power of the resurrection. We are now in the power of resurrection. If there wasn't a law to that, sons and daughters of God will create them a world out here and go live a private life in it. You have the power in you to do it. Says if you've got a shadow of the power of God in you, you got power to do it. Amen. God is omnipotent. See what I mean? The power that is in you will make you will make you could speak a world into existence and go live on it. Hallelujah. There you are. You know actually as a believer you already creating your own world. You can be at work there and people are talking things and talking this rubbish and different things. You go in your own corner you start thinking and you create the atmosphere. You have actually your own world. Jesus Christ was in this world but was not part of this world and it was in his own world. As you have faith you are in your own world. People don't understand how can you believe this? Oh because you are part of a different world. You're not part of this cosmos. You are already in your own world. Amen. But the prophet is in a phys in a in a in a in a physical way. Says there you are. That's what power is in the church now. But it's controlled by a law. And that law is not keeping a bunch of commandments. It's a law of faith. Jesus says all things are possible to them that believe. If you can believe it, whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. Whatever God leads your soul to believe, that is yours. It might not to the neighbor, it might not be to the neighbor, he doesn't see the same way. God has not led his soul to believe that. But if God has given you something in your heart to believe that is yours, you can claim it because it's yours. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Every place to the soul of your foot can set upon by faith, God gives it to you. Amen. It's yours. You possess it. If you can find the key to to this law of faith that opens it to you. You see what I mean? That power is controlled. Say if you are a son of God, if you are a daughter of God, that never leaves you. Amen. Sometimes we leave it but that never leaves you. Sometimes you can feel you know many times I mean many times you feel like oh we have to come to church pray that and yeah you have so busy during the day and everything and you come to church like that and then they call you for prayer feel like feel like your prayer doesn't go too far because you look at yourself right oh I didn't come oh now they're calling me for prayer now they go just pray pray now but actually The power doesn't leave you. Even in that condition, it still doesn't leave you. That power is still there. It just takes a moment. Say, God, I was so busy. I'm sorry, mother God. Father, now may you take control. I'm quoting your word. It's not my word. It's your word now. Now heaven doors are open to hear your prayer. It's going actually all the way to heaven because heaven is in you actually. Amen. Amen. but never leaves you. It's with you all the time, but your faith gets away from it, but it's still there. I say hallelujah. When you are saved, God gives you faith to rise from the mark of the earth. Your faith overcomes the kings of the world. How you were you you were in the world. Now you believe that you are Christians and things start getting separated from you. You start living a different life. The prophet is explaining that in a clear way. It says no actually it's your faith believing that you are a Christian that makes you live above the things of the world just by knowing that I am a Christian and I believe that I'm a Christians I live above the things of the world now apply that to every situation of the world you know like that that that slave that you didn't recognize he didn't know you know that story of the slave in America there oh how the They're being beaten like others and doing things like other chores like others. But he's behaving differently. How is it that he behaving? Because he knows who he is. I'm a son of a king over there. They might not know this king, but I'm a son of that king. So I'm living differently because I have a revelation not of what people are telling me that I am, but what I know that I am. A Christian knows who he is. Your approval is not based upon other people. Your approval is in the son of God who has chosen you and made you a Christian. Amen. No one made you a Christian. God made you a Christian. Positive confession this evening. That's right. says, "Now your faith in the act that God has done for you or God has did in you to make you a son of God, you quit your lying, you quit your stealing, you quit your drinking because your faith rises you up above it." remember one one one time one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one preacher says it says um I think about pastor Mosaka in Paris and it has always stuck with me what he said he says you know what actually to be a Christian is by faith to be in the rapture is by faith who who tells you that you are a son of God except yourself believe that you're a son of God you have to believe that you a son of God because it's by faith that you believe that I'm I believe I'm a son of God. I believe I will go in the rapture. I believe I be if God takes me before I will be part of the resurrection. It's the same faith that you know that you are a Christians is the same faith that you'll go with it in the rapture. Yourself have to have the revelation I'm a son of God. You make mistakes but I'm still a son of God. The same faith that you know that you're a son of God is the same faith you can come with to God with with assurance. God hears my prayers. God will answer to my prayers. God will save my family. The same faith you have, you apply also to your family. You apply to the situation. If you are sick, you apply to that situation as well. Everything is by faith. Amen. Amen. Now the same the prophet contin if you don't do it if you don't have any faith or by faith if by faith are you saved and that true grace as much as your faith will be released that how much power you can have. That's the great principle. As much as your faith will be released that how much power you can have because in you dwells the power to make heavens and earth. God dwells in you and you are sons and daughters of God. Amen. There you are. But it's your faith. According to your faith be it unto you. If you can't believe all things If you can believe all things are possible. Very I said if you say unto this man be moved and don't doubt and believe that what you have said then you'll see it come to pass. Amen. Having faith in this great redeem. Now he says now what kind of people ought we to be. Having faith in this great redeeming Christ that lives in us. I'll be closing to save time. This smitten rock that never leaves the church. I am with you even to the end of the world. The ever presence of this great gash of salvation and power that poured forth from Calvary into the church. The ever presence of the living God, the great flow, the flowing smitten rock that goes with us in our journey. So it's not the prayer now is not God give us more power not God give us more revelation God give us more faith because it already hear him you know that many years later on many years when they were in the trial you know Joseph and and one one king of of Israel they were passing by in the wilderness and they they ran out of water they wondering do do we what are we are we dying are we dying and there was one of the servants who told them you No, there is a there must be there is a prophet. Actually, Joseph himself being a spiritual is asking, "Is there a prophet in the land?" That's the question I'm asking. Is there a prophet in the land? Oh yes, there is a prophet in the land and he has the spirit of Elijah. And that prophet is the one who serving Elijah. He's still in the land somewhere. Oh, go and and find him and ask him what we have to do. And they went and ask him and he rebuked the king of of of Israel because he was he had still had idols. But he looked at Joseph at because of your righteous integrity of your heart. I'm answering. Bring me a minister. Bring me some musicians here. Importance of music. Amen. Bring in some musicians here. And let's create the atmosphere this evening. Let's create the atmosphere. Let's create the atmosphere. And what next? Make sure that rock is still here. That rock is still here. It has not changed. What we need is to dig a little bit deeper. Remove the clogs. Remove the things. remove unbelief, remove doubt, remove remove hesitation, remove the negativity, remove malice, remove the negative things, and let's bring forth the water out of the that that rock. We still go because it's still here, brothers and sisters. That's my prayer this evening. Let's believe that God is still here. He's going to bless us because he promised he will never leave us. Amen. He will be always with us because that rock will always follow the church. The rock of Christ. Amen. Always with the church. What we need? We need what we need is faith to use that power. What we need what we need is control that life. Live such a godly life that when you ask God anything, you know you have confidence in God. Amen. Musicians can come. Do you love the Lord this evening? Amen. May God hide us in that rock. And keep that rock. We can speak to that rock. We are here to speak to that rock this evening. We are here to get closer to that rock. Amen. Amen. Do you know that song Rock of Age cleft from me? Let me hide myself in thee. Rock of CL for me. Let me hide myself in thee. Let the wall [Music] and the blood from thy wound inside flow be of sin. The dure save from wrath and make me pure. Could my deeds forever flow? Could my zeal no langu [Music] sin could not atone now my sou alone in my hand. No price I bring. Oh, simply to thy cross I clean while I draw this fleeting breath. When my eyes shall close in them. When I rise to worlds unknown. And behold thee on thy throne. Oh rock of angels glad from me. Oh let me hide myself in thee. Verse two. Oh could my tears forever flow. Could my zeal know? Oh, sin could not for thou my save and thou alone in my hand. No price I bring. Oh, simply do cross I stay. Amen. Amen. is B over me. His love is B over me. And we go in prayer. Oh, he brought me to the banquet table. His banner of me love. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner of me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner of me. His love. His banner over me. His love. [Music] said straight pass before my feet is banner of me is love. He said straight pass before my feet is banner of me is love. He said straight path before my feet banner of me is love. His banner over me, his love, his desire met my desire. Oh, he's met my desire. His banner of me is love. His desire made my desire is banner of me. His love. His desire met my desire. His banner of me is love. His banner over me is love. God's love is elective love. Let's just pray. Go and go to the Lord in prayer. Just pray to him. Thank him for his grace in our life. Amen. Oh, heal me, oh Lord. [Music] I will be healed. [Music] in Lord I will be healed you. You are the one I pray. Heal me, oh Lord. I will be healed. Save me and I will be saved. Heal me, oh Lord. I will be healed. You are the one I pray. You are the one I pray. Let's sing it confessing. Heal me, oh Lord. Will be healed. Save me and I will be saved. Heal me, oh Lord. I will be healed. You are the one I praise. You are the one I praise. Amen. I want to do thy will, oh Lord. This is the song I want to do. Oh, let's maybe sing. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. It's 206. Teach me Lord to wait. 206. Did I wait upon? Teach me Lord to wait down on my knees till your own. You answer my plea. Teach me not to rely on what others do by waiting in prayer on an answer from you. Teach me Lord to wait down on my needs. You answer my plea. Teach me not to rely on what others do. Why to wait in prayer for an answer from you. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount with wings as eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Teach me Lord to wait. Help me humble my pride and call on your name. Keep my faith renewed. Keep my eyes on thee. Help me be on deserve what you want me to be. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Oh, they shall weep in his ego. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to [Music] Is there anyone who has a has a prayer request you would like to make known? Who has a testimony you would like to share? Is the time that is given to you and we can just have a testimony you have a prayer request like to make known. Sister Claudia, Sister Sister Claudia, you know, sister I want to thank the Lord. Sunday, Monday, I start on Monday morning. I start to hear three tapes at home and all of them were in the way when the prophet was uh telling that bringing the scripture that uh we can lay hands on pray and healing about healing and all the three tapes were about the same and in the same time we were listening so my spirit was according the voice behind the voice and I just to say well I was thinking if if going until Wednesday so somebody needs to lay my hands on me and I was tempted to take a pill because was a a bad pain but I don't like to never like to take pills until first go to to to the great physician. Amen. So he I laid hands on me and after yesterday because I I couldn't move my my Praise be to God. But now you see. Praise be to God. Praise be to God. Praise be to God. Amen. Amen. He's still the healer, sister. Amen. We can still speak to the rock and he's answering. Amen. Amen. Wonderful test. God bless Christina. Thank God. You know, sometimes we want to fight our own battle. We forget that we need to leave God, right? And so I at work I work with this nurse practitioner that is always talking bad about me. And then sometimes I go home and I cry. I'm like, what have I done to her? Then I said, you know what? I'm just going to leave it in God's hands. So one day I saw this young patient that had like visions on her face and I took pictures. There was also and the legs. I took pictures and I put it in the system that we used and then I consulted about this child and then she was like oh you know you're not looking right you know this is just not you know the words that we are seeing something else and she's like focusing on me and instead of focusing on the patient I'm like no I I can tell you are you not looking at the pictures that I have in the I only see it's just I'm not doing anything I'm not giving antibiotics or anything okay you are the prescriber do what you need to do. And after I did everything and I we sent the child home and then after I left to go home, I don't know why she went in the system again. She was like, "Oh my, how come I didn't see these pictures?" And I'm like, "No, it's God who hid them from you so that you to humble you, you know." And then when I went back to work the following day, everybody was like, "Tina, she was she felt so bad yesterday and she wants you to call back mom and she tried to call the the patient's mom and no answer. So they wanted you to come back for them to come back and take antibiotics and I was thinking about I was like how could she not see those pictures and I'm like they are here how come she said I didn't see them like you know what somebody hid them my god hid them from there so that you can come back and say sorry to me you know and you know calling that I just dialed once and that mother answered the phone I'm like even you to call the mother. It was supposed to be me. So, you know what? I was like, you know what? I know I should never fight my my battles. Correct. God is supposed to fight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's not our battle. It's the Lord's battle. Amen. Thank you very much, Chris. Wonderful testimony. God is on our side. Amen. I think Sister Katy raise your hand or Um I just want to give the glory to God. Um Sister Matabishi had called me uh I think about two weeks back, maybe it's three now. um and had just said that um her car had to be taken into the shop and that she didn't have any vehicle and that was on a Wednesday and it was um I think like around 5:00ish um that she had called around that time and um she had asked if we had a vehicle and there wasn't a vehicle that we could lend her and I told her that I would talk to Andrew about it and talk to brother Moses and see if we could get her a vehicle And then as soon as I got off the phone with her, I just immediately went to into prayer and I asked the Lord to just provide for them. And I really had a burden on my heart for them and for their need and sincerely before the Lord was crying and just said like explained all the things to the Lord and just I know that the Lord heard because it was we get to we get to church and here I'm thinking sisterishi still doesn't have a vehicle. And then I found out that um they contacted brother Joseph shortly after and brother Joseph had a vehicle sitting in his garage and it was just Awesome to see how the Lord answered that prayer immediately. And sometimes, well, a lot of times in my life, the Lord's made me wait. Sometimes when I've prayed for a lot of things, he's made me wait a long time. But it was just wonderful to see how the Lord came on the scene immediately for them. And it just was a great testimony to me. And it blessed my heart to see that the Lord met their need immediately like that. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Mr. Ket. It's one body. Times you feel the pain for the other one and God is answering through you. We praying through you and answering the prayer to show that we need one another. Another one is a prayer request a testimony and otherwise. Thank you, Lord. Wonderful. God bless you richly. We are going to sing only believe. Only believe. Then we're going to be dismissed. I'm going to ask brother Peter to pray after that. Feel [Music] little flow. From the cross to the throne, from death in to life, he went for his all. All power in all power above is given to him for the flock of his love. Holy Only building all things are possible. Only building. Only belie. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Jesus is here. Oh, Jesus is here. Jesus is he. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is he. Amen. Power in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, oh we thank you for the word of God once again faithfully delivered from a humbled vessel. Lord, desiring that each of us as you do, Lord, be filled with the Holy Spirit and led of God. We confess our sins leave them at the cross and trust in you. We love you, Lord. We just love you so much. Thank you for being faithful to us, oh Lord, that we will be faithful to you. Help us in every moment, every temptation that comes, Lord. Help us turn our eyes toward Jesus. Amen. Author and perfector of our faith. We so appreciate, Lord, the preaching of the word from this pulpit. Lord, we've been blessed over the years. And now in this hour, Lord, you meet us face to face and you speak with us lip to ear. Lord, we're looking for you. You are closer than the mention of your name. Yes, Father. You are closer than our eyes could even imagine. But Lord, may we submit our senses to you. Yes, Father. All of our senses to you so that we could have faith, Lord, and believe that critical sense that we would sense your presence and Yes, Father. Open up ourselves and make our lives transparent to you, Lord. You occupy every room of our of our of our homes, of our of our lives, of our bodies, of our minds. Lord, you are the faithful one who's given us everything we need, Lord. Make our way in preparation, Lord. For you're we know you're coming any time. You promise Lord on the buck board Lord as the cowboy had promised the bride Lord we are waiting eagerly expectantly waiting. We love you this Lord for this and for the stories of the Bible. Yes Lord the stories that brother Brandham tells to increase our faith. Yes. To believe us to believe you Lord. To believe us that you will do more than we can even ask or think. Yes Lord. We commit this time to you Lord that we've spent in your presence worshiping you, sensing your sweet spirit and hearing the Lord the uncction of the Holy Ghost. Yes, Lord. Empowering our brother Moses to bring a message that will edify us and strengthen us, build us up in our most holy things. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for the yielded vessel. We pray, Lord, for every family represented here. Yes, Lord. Everyone who came here to bring their fire. Yes. To be part of your all-consuming fire that someday will burn all sin and draw us away. There'll be a purity Lord that will be presentable to you. And as in the as the that great awesome day in the banqueting table, Lord, what you've already set and you promised us, you've given us so many helps and so many encouragements, Lord. And tonight again, yes, knowing that we are yours, Lord. Amen. and uh you bought us Lord and we we love you. You cleaned us up. You want to put a crown on our heads Lord. Yes, Lord. But help us, Lord, to fully yield and confess that we need you, Lord. So, Lord, I pray you'd go with each member here of this assembly, Lord, and everyone, all the visitors and anyone who would hear this. Yes. pray that you'd bless them, enrich their lives, protect us on the way home, Lord, and bring us back together with more zeal. Yes, Father. More commitment. Yes, Father. More a humbler spirit, Lord. Yes, Lord. A yielded vessel. May we be more sincere, oh God. Yes, Father. And may it show, Lord. And if we ever cheered in a hockey team or a hockey game or anything like that, Lord, let us remember that that admonition. Lord, we need not to be silent. We need to be telling the gospel, Lord. Yes, Lord. Help the preacher preach and pull on the word, Lord. Yes, Lord. And we commit this time and thank you for this prayer in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. Thank you for your patience. And it's good to be in the house of the Lord. I love you and God bless you richly. Amen. You're dismissed. Thank you, brother Peter, for the prayer. Appreciate that. God bless you richly. Amen. You're dismissed.
