################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 06 29 Bro Roshan Masih We Are the Continuation - Roshan Masih.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 06 29 Bro Roshan Masih We Are the Continuation
Speaker: Roshan Masih
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdC2xauWQH0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you this morning. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Um it's good to have all of you this morning and the visitors and brother Roshan his family. And so it's good to be in the house of Lord. Amen. with great expectation. God is going to do great things among us. Amen. So, let's go to the song. Reach out and touch the Lord as Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. you'll find is not too busy to hear your heart's cry is passing by this moment. Your need to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You'll find is not too easy to hear your heart's cry is passing by this moment. Your need to surprise. Reach out and pass the Lord as he goes by. Have thy own way. Have thy own way this morning. [Music] Have thy own Lord have thy own way for you are the poor Lord I am the clay. Mold me and make me after the wind. Why I am waiting be and stay. Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way. Master, search me and try me. Oh master, today whiter than snow. Lord, wash me just now [Music] as in thy presence. Humbly I have thy own way, Lord. Oh, have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way this morning. Have thy own way. For I wounded and weary. [Music] Oh help me I pray. Power all power surely is thine. Touch me and heal me. Savior divine [Music] have thy own way. Oh have thy own way Lord. This is our prayer this morning. Have thy own way Father. May you take hold of the whole service from the beginning to the end. Father. Oh absolute sweet fil with thy spirit till all shall see [Music] Christ only all living in me. Have thine own way, Lord. Have thine own way. Thou art the potter. I am the clay. Hold me and make me after thy will while I am wait yielded and still welcome. God bless. Uh we kind of had to have a switch around there. There was some issues with the sound. So it's good now I think. So um um let's sing as the deer panteth for the water 581. As the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a kid, I want you more than any other. so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit heal. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Let's stand. I want you more than gold or silver only you can sisfy. [Music] You alone are the real joy giver and the apple of my eye. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit give. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Amen. Amen. Maybe I could ask if Brother Benjamin Matendo would come up and just open in a word of prayer. We'll just sing that uh chorus one more time. You alone are my heart and I love thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Hallelujah. Let us bow our heads and call upon our heavenly father. [Music] Dear Lord, master in the name of Lord Jesus Christ, here we are Lord. Uh the earthly bride is before thee. Oh dear bride, bridegroom, we came here, our hearts full of desire to meet you and we have dear heavenly father too many needs. Dear heavenly father, you said you who are loaded with [Music] burdens come and I will make you happy. Dear heavenly father, we are coming here. We know that we we are coming to meet the master, the eternal lord. Come dear heavenly father touch each each and everyone. Forgive our transgression Lord. Forgive our uniquities. Oh forgive our unbelief. Lord we are coming humbly to worship you. Bless our service Lord. Our [Music] brothers, our sisters, each and everyone has come Lord to offer you this sacrifice. Lord, we offer you our hearts Lord. We offer you our souls Lord, our mind, Lord, and all our bodies. We offer unto you, Lord. You come dear heavenly father touch each and everyone. Dear heavenly father you can see in deep of our souls how much we need you. How much Lord we are needy people. Come dear heavenly father provide for your our needs Lord spiritual needs physical needs. Dear heavenly father, whoever came sick and weak, dear heavenly father, we need you to pour your strength and power upon each and every body here, upon each and every soul. Dear heavenly father, expecting to meet you, expecting to hear from you, expecting to to to eat on your table. It is plenty Lord you have prepared for us. Dear heavenly father, bless your servant. Bless the heavenly father. Everybody who came here expecting to meet his God, expecting to have something from the eternal God. Bless your word, Lord. Bless the souls who are ready to have to to receive the seeds from God. Bless our service from now Lord and at the end of the service Lord when the we step from this area let us be different Lord. Let us be different parents different citizens different sons and daughters of God. We came here empty but we will come. We will go step from here filled by the Holy Ghost. We want to to to come closer to you again Lord. Thank you dear heavenly father. You will bless the whole service Lord and the glory and honor will be unto you. Bless the song leader, inspire him songs which will touch you Lord to come and fill this tabernacle with your Holy Ghost. God, we are coming in the holy of holies and dear heavenly father, we need to see your glory and the supernatural operating in this area. We rebuke all those spirits which can hinder the flow of the Holy Ghost and we [Music] we cry unto you to be closer to come now Lord and to take control. We pray this. We do believe you'll do it Lord for your honor. Brothers and sisters, they have they they have come with their offerings and tithe. Bless dear heavenly father whoever is contributing Lord for the the progress of your your kingdom. Bless the hands of your people. Bless the work of your people. Bless their heavenly father, the former among us, Lord. And whatever they touching and bringing into your house, the heavenly father, bless, multiply, Lord, we pray this and we do believe you bless each and every office in this church. Lord, my brothers taking care of sounds. My brothers playing guitar and instruments. The song leader, the shepherd, all the ministries in this church, bless them, Lord. We pray this and we do believe you'll do much because we have prayed this in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can you can have your seats. There's a a few song specials and we're running a little late. So maybe if I can have sister Sheno, she can come up in first. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David dance. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David does. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David does. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will sing like David sang. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will sing like David said, I will sing. I will sing. I will sing like David. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing like David's hand. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will pray like Daniel prayed. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will pray like Daniel prayed. I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like Daniel pray. I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like Daniel. Pray. Amen. Thank you. And then if we could have Sister Esther, if she's if she's ready, we'll just have them back to back. and then sister Kathy as well after. God bless you, saints. I'd like to thank God um for giving me another year. I was supposed to sing on the day of my birthday cuz it was a Sunday, but I didn't have a voice. Um really, he has been so merciful and and gracious to me. I lift my hands to the coming king. To the great I am. To you I sing. [Music] Oh, you're the one who reigns within my heart. I lift my hands to the coming king, to the great I am. To you I sing. For you're the one who reigns within my heart. Oh, and I will serve no foreign gods, nor any other treasures. [Music] You are my heart desire. Spirit without measure and to your name I will bring my sacrifice. [Music] I lift my hands to the coming king. To the great I am. To you I sing. For you're the one who reigns within my heart. I lift my hands to the coming king, to the great I am. To you I sing. For you're the one who reigns within my heart. know and I will serve no foreign gods nor any other treasures. Cause you are my heart's desire. [Music] your spirit without measure unto your name. I will bring my sacrifice unto your name, Lord. Unto your name I will bring my sacrifice. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. And if sister Kathy could come and I uh I just came from a family reunion and there's family and extended family and and just it's it's insane to think of like how far uh all these people had to come that I could I had to get here that the Lord had made a way that through like a hundred years that we could trace back that I could come to this point that I could know him that I had to come forth that I could become a son a son of God and and my my children can be daughters of God and and just he he deserves our worship. Amen. We're in Father's house. We are not alone. We're in father's house. Make yourself at home. The blessing table spread. There's plenty to go around. We're all family here. We're in father's house just inside the door. You can hear the sound. Joy and laughter ring. Peace and love about. Feel his warm embrace. As he draws you near, this is his dwelling place. You are welcome here. We're in father's house. We are not alone. We're in father's house. Make yourself at home. The blessing table spread. There's plenty to go around. We're all family here. We're in father's house. If the path you've tried led you far from home down a road of fear where you don't belong here or open arms. arms reaching out to you. His love is shining bright. Oh, now your search is through. We're in Father's house. We are not alone. We father's house. Make yourself at home. The blessing table spread. There's plenty to go around. We're all family here. We're in father's house. [Music] Amen. Thank you for those songs. As brother Moses come, let's sing He's My Lord 597. [Music] He's my Lord. There is no other one. Who can calm the storms of life like my Lord? He gives rest to the weary, gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. He's my Lord. [Music] There is no other one [Music] who can calm the storms of life. Like my Lord, he gives rest to the weary, gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt [Music] about it is my Lord [Music] is your Lord this morning. Your Savior, the healer, the redeemer is still the same yesterday, today and forever. He's actually the rock. He's our shield, our defender, is our all in all. Where would we be without him? He's our savior, the lord Jesus Christ. As sister Esther has sang is has been so good to us. That's why we he deserve the glory and the honor and we want to worship him with all our heart. Where would we be without him in our lives praise be to his name. Amen. Good to be in the house the Lord again this morning as I said earlier and uh just few make few announcement uh brother Zeke is not here he traveled to to BC to be with the family so we miss him this morning and God bless him richly and sister Anita God bless them richly I've spent some time and I'm sure they probably u they're not in the service they might be streaming but they probably be in the service over there as God bless them richly. Amen. And um we had a youth meeting on Friday at brother Papa Benjam and Mama um Matabishi and Sister Esther. It was good and welcome us very very well. welcomed us very well and spend good time with the young people and God bless them richly and still have that desire to come to the Lord and we spoke about how do we receive the Holy Ghost and it was good time spended together around the revealed word of the hour but after that as well we had a fellowship more than what we expected we got spiritual food but also natural food may go bless them richly for that sacrifice and the parents also made the sacrifice to drop off their children and to pick them up. It was good. God bless you richly. This morning we have um brother Roshan that's been announced for for some months or some days weeks now and has come with his family and his wife sister. We know sister from end time message and and brother Simon but there is also another sister. So um that's the prominent brother Simon here good friends of mine and I as I was in end time as I already called them my parents my second parent. So uh God bless them richly and I love them and we we are friends and family together and sisterland and their son here. God bless them richly and God bless you. Welcome among us and it's good to be part of a family. Amen. as as sister Katy sang it's it's a house of the Lord and we are we are one family amen all together and we are so grateful um we have been on the subject of uh I don't want to get on the way but uh brother Roshan will have the liberty is we have one service today is it okay if he has a little bit of liberty he doesn't feel under pressure can speak freely and then give his time uh some people will u have a little work so we understand they will step out after the service they have to work this afternoon it's okay and and it's understandable and but for those who can stand will be behind if it's possible give him the liberty is it okay and brother Calb is to work as well maybe things like that he might I don't know yeah he might sleep as well and but it's okay um it's fine amen but those who can stand can also stay a little bit longer amen um we we've been on the subject on the faith amen man and the statue of perfect man and the faith s important thing and just to think about it that nothing is impossible to God what stops um to see the blessings of God sometimes it is our lack of faith but if you have the faith in God's word nothing is impossible nothing is impossible nothing is hard faith is the key amen if you have that key you can open any door and you can reach out to whatever bless blessings God has in store for us this morning as the word will be spoken. We can just open our heart to receive the word of God and say and and welcome the word of God. God I receive your word. It still has the power to change. It still has power to deliver. Still have power to heal. Amen. The bleeding word is still it's still alive. It's it's still working. It's still changing. How many desire more of God this morning? Lord, speak to my heart. Draw me closer to you. Amen. That's our desire. So let's just sing that song. There is power. There is power. And then we'll be welcoming the word. Oh, would you be free from the bird in sin? Oh, there's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you evil victory? There's wonderful power in in the blood. There's power. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power under working in the precious blood of the lamb. Will you be free from your passion and my brother? Power in the blood. The power in the blood. Come for a cleansing to cal. There's wonderful power in the blood. There's power. There is power. Power wonder working power in the blood. In the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood for you service. Oh, would you do service for Jesus your king for there's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you live daily his praises you sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. There's power. There is power. Power wonder working. In the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working in the precious blood of the lamb. Who do wider than stone? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Since sins are lost in his lifegiving flow. There's one wonderful power in the blood. There's power. There is power. Power. Wonder working. In the blood of the lamb. [Music] Power, power, wondering in the preious blood above them. Would you do service? Would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you live daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the world. There is power. Power in the heat. There is power [Music] in the preious blood of the lamb. [Music] Amen. Let's pray. Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you for this wonderful time that you have given us together to praise you, to worship you. And we thank you for the blood. Amen. the token the literal life of Jesus Christ has come back in the church to keep the church alive. And we know that because of the blood we are sanctified. We are justified and we are the pure virtuous bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. And we know that when we will get in heaven, we will sing that eternal song, the same song of the blood. Lord, we want to thank you for everything you are doing in our lives. And Lord, especially I pray for your word. Give us your word. speak to our hearts and quicken our spirit by the preaching of your word. Amen. And Lord, we know that your coming is nigh and there are a lot of things undone. We need to do that. Lord, bring us into conviction, dedication and today's word will be a further step to that. Amen. I think Lord help us together. Thank you for this church. Thank you for all their efforts Lord they are doing to expand your kingdom. Bless them. Bless all the offices in the church Lord. And we know that nothing is by chance. You are the one who has appointed this time for us to be together for your glory to proclaim your message. Bless the present truth, the light of the hour. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Bless Lord, if there is any special need, Lord, we know that you are here to meet that need because you have promised with us that whatsoever you will ask in my name, it shall be given unto you. Amen. That your joy may fulfilled. Amen. Lord bless the preaching and reading of your word. We commit everything into your hands. Take the preeminence among us. Amen. We give you glory, honor and praise. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, I humbly pray. Amen. Amen. May the Lord bless you. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, father. So before I start, so let's uh read from the scripture. I greet you all in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And it's a privilege to come here among you because it is a blessing to know one another in the Lord. Amen. Because heaven recognize it. Genesis 24 55-61 Genesis 24 chapter 20 55-61 and her brother and her mother said let the damill abide with us a few days at the least 10 after as she shall go. And he said unto them, "Hinder me not not, seeing the Lord hath prospered my way. Send me away that I may go to my master." And they said, "We will call the dame cell and inquire at her mouth." And they call they called Rebecca and said unto her, Wilt thou go with this man? And she said, "I will go." And they sent away Rebecca, their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. And the blessed Rebecca, and said unto her, "Thou art our sister. Be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them." Amen. And Rebecca rose and her d themselves and they rode upon the camels and followed the man. And the servant took Rebecca and went his way. Amen. Another scripture also found in Genesis 25 20 and 21. Genesis 25 2021. And Isaac was 40 years old when he took Rebecca to wife, the daughter of Bethwell, the Syrian of Pedan Raman, the sister to Lebanon, the Syrian. And Isaac inreated the Lord for his wife because she was barren. And the Lord was intreated of him. And Rebecca his wife conceived. Amen. May the Lord add his blessings upon the reading of his word. Amen. You may be seated please. So may the Lord bless you. I am from India, Punjab, brother Roshan and uh my wife and our son Titus is with uh me this time. So we are enjoying our time here and enjoying the great hospitality of dear brother Simon and sister Brmila. They are very good host. So we are really uh feel at home and and uh enjoying our time. Amen. So I came in the message from Pentecostal born in a Christian family. The message came to me in 1989. I found some tracks from the trash can from the church's book. I was just a 17th year old that time. But the Lord opened my eyes to understand uh the truth and I got baptized in the same year. There was not Christianity at all in my area. So Lord put burden on my heart to share this gospel uh among my people uh in the area I was and uh Lord blessed our efforts and now we have our own church building. It started with the humble beginning of some five 10 people only two with the two people then five people and now we have some 200 people in the church and Lord has blessed us with the nice church building and uh all the people in our church are converted from sik and Hindus. I am the only one uh from the Christian family there. So the work is going on and the gospel is going forth reaching to the unreached people. many places uh in India we are going doing lot of mission work printing the books into Punjabi and Hindi languages two languages because people are more on the books there even uh they have mobiles but they they love to read uh the books some places remote areas uh they they don't have even don't know how to use mobile. So please keep them in your prayers. Even when we are here, some of our brothers are going to preach this uh message uh in a state where the anti-conversion law is implemented which means you cannot preach you cannot convert anyone. If you you you born Muslim, you have to remain Muslim or Hindu, you have to remain Hindus. But the Lord gave us success or we established some almost 10 churches there. So now brothers are have gone there to uh meet some other pastors. Some 35 pastors are gathered there and they want to know more of the message and we are expecting a good harvest there. So please keep all these uh uh things in your special prayers. Amen. So today the Lord put burden on my heart to speak on the continuation. So my subject is we are the continuation. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because the Bible says that the works I do you shall do also. Amen. Even the greater works. Amen. Amen. So here we see Abraham who is a type of the father God. He wanted to marry his son Isaac and he's looking for a character. do not want to marry anywhere but he wanted to marry his son in his own people. Amen. Amen. In his own race from the same blood. So he sent Eleazar and when Eleazar goes he is not depending on his own ability. That's right. He prayed and asked the Lord and Lord uh directed him, guided him to the right place. Amen. And uh he met Rebecca. Amen. And now he is the one who choosing a bride for Isaac. Amen. And why Abraham wanted to marry Isaac? Why uh they wanted to be in marriage? Because Branam said marriage is for multiplication. Amen. Amen. The marriage is to bring children. And Rebecca came to Isaac. Isaac was uh 40 years old. And 10 years passed. There are no children. So now Isaac is praying for the children. Doing his priesthood ministry, mediatorial work. Praying, praying, praying, praying. Amen. Why is he praying for his barren wife? Because he wants her to become fruitful. Amen. He wants Why? He wants her to be fruitful because Isaac wants to reproduce himself. Amen. Our children are the extension of same life. Amen. Because same blood, same gene, same DNA, RNA. Amen. So children are the extension of the same life. the life rep the same life reproduced in another body. Amen. So before I go further please excuse me. So I I just want to make an excuse. So when I came in the message I I I learned my English from the message reading the message and uh that's the how. So if I say something wrong, pronounce wrong wrong, please bear with me and we know that everything is under control. Amen. The Holy Ghost, Amen, is the one who gives the utterance. Hallelujah. So Isaac wanted to reproduce himself. Because the children are the same life but in another body. Yes. So Isaac is praying, praying, praying. Amen. Amen. So is our bridegroom because natural is always a type of spiritual bra. So is our bridegroom. Amen. We are introduced to our bridegroom with a ministry of Eleazar in this day. And our bridegroom, Amen. wanted us to bring fruit for him. He's not happy with the barren wife. He wanted us to bring fruit for him. Amen. Amen. That we may grow in the knowledge of Jesus Christ. Amen. We may grow from faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness. He wanted to see his life in us. He wanted to see the reproduction. He wanted to see the fruit in us. His very own life. Amen. He is desiring us to bring more fruit. That's why John 15:8 said, "Herein is my father glorified that ye bear much fruit." Amen. Amen. Amen. So here is the bride Rebecca under prophetic blessing. When they send her, Amen. they blessed her. So now she is uh under prophetic blessings like we are. Amen. We are under prophetic blessing. We have a promise for this day. Amen. And the promise is behind for Rebecca be thou the mother of thousands of millions and let thy seed possess the gate of the enemies. Amen. Amen. So same promise is for us. Because we are Amen Rebecca for this day. Amen. And the promise for us is Revelation 10:8-11. Take and eat the book. Amen. After eating the book, thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings. Amen. Amen. So when I was preparing my travel to come here, so Lord put burden on my heart and I was telling to the church and uh and even my family that everywhere I will go I will be preaching the same message only one message everywhere and that is the second fold of uh the great mystery. Amen. And the second fold is unfolding in us. Amen. Amen. And BRAM said, "I am working on the second fold." The first fold is God. Amen. Poured himself in Christ. And the second is Christ poured himself in the church. Amen. to reproduce the same life. Amen. The life he lived must be manifested in the bride. That's what we are talking about now. Amen. Thou must prophesy again. We are under prophetic blessing. We have a promise for this day. Romans 16:20. And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. That is amen our promise for this day. And even greater works than these shall you do also. John 14:12. Amen. And Christ in the true church is the continuation of the book of Acts. Amen. Amen. Are we pro promised the things? Yeah, we have the promise. Yes sir. For this day prophet is gone. He completed his ministry. That's right. No, the attraction is not the prophet but the attraction is the prophecy. Revelation 10:7 is gone. No, the now we have to fulfill the part. Amen. Amen. Which is left for us. Revelation 10:8-11. Amen. So now we see Isaac is interceding and praying and Rebecca she conceived. Amen. Because there had to be continuation. There had to be son come out of the womb for the continuation. Amen. He because if there is no son, if there are no children after Isaac, Amen. there is no continuation. That's right. for the continuation Isaac must have children. Hallelujah. So he the God he is God of Abraham. He was God of Isaac. And if Isaac have no children, God would also stopped there. Yes. To move further. God need children. Amen. God need believers. Amen. Amen. If Isaac died and he had no children, he would have stopped there. He would have God of Abraham and Isaac. Yeah, God cannot move further. Because Abraham said believers of the day makes him seem today. Amen. Amen. I'm quoting from the message. If it is us, the church that shines forth his presence to makes him visible to all when he shines through the lives of his elected believers. Amen. So if there are no children because God's plan is Amen for a man and with the man. God works with man. From the beginning when God created the his creation, man and God are working together. We have a history of this. Amen. from 6,000 years God is working with man. If there are no man no believer that God would be amen there he cannot move further. That's right. So he need children. Hallelujah. Amen. So Isaac, God's son, because that was not God's plan that he would not have children because God's plan cannot be defeated. Amen. God's purpose cannot be defeated. Amen. because his plan his promise for uh this days and little while and the world would not see me no more. Yeah, you will see me for I will be with you even in you to the end of the world. So prophet said the believer would see him in every age. Amen. The believer would see him in every age that makes him the same yesterday, today and forever. Amen. So God need children. God need believers. Amen. And brother said the believers make him the same. Yesterday the believer amen had been in the past. Amen. They made him same that day. But now this is our time. Amen. We are here to shine his life to reflect Jesus Christ. We must be the living manifestation of the living word. Amen. We must produce his life. Amen. Amen. So in this the God Amen. we have his gene. That's why we call him Aba father. Because we were in his loins. We were in his thoughts. We were in the back part of his mind. He was Amen. And he put his word in us. Amen. That's right. Andam said the word is laying there like a seed maybe hundreds of year hundreds of year. Amen. And let me read quote. If I taught you a Methodist message, it would take no effect on you. This is bride time. If Moses taught the message of Noah, it would take no effect. If Jesus taught Moses message, it would take no effect because the predestinated seed are laying there that will only be watered by that type of water. That's give for that seed. It would not grow any other condition. It must be the condition that grows it. Amen. Amen. So this is the bright time. Amen. Amen. And the water is the word of God. Amen. And the bride need. Amen. The word for this day. Amen. He said this is bright time. And the seeds of God that are predestinated, Amen. before the foundation of the world, Amen. predestinated on the earth are waiting there for the right kind of water. Amen. That's why you are not in the Methodist Baptist or some any other church. Because you are different seed. Amen. That is given for that seed to quicken the water message of the hour. Amen. So when that spirit Amen. comes, he quickens the seed in us and there is a life in that seed and every seed brings its own kind. Amen. Amen. So the Holy Spirit is here. Amen. And God put seed in us in our body. Amen. And holy ghost knows exactly which flesh his attributes are expressed in. Amen. Those seeds were laying in the mind of God. Before the foundation of the word. Amen. It was laying there. Brother Branam said we were jeans in the mind of God. Amen. We are his seed. Amen. We are his thoughts. His thoughts are seed genes. Amen. Word is a seed. So we were waiting there before the foundation of the word for our turn. Because every seed grows in its in in his own season. If we uh plant the seed out of the season, it will not bring forth fruit. Amen. Amen. So why we are here in this age? Because we are the seed of this age. But we were in the mind of God. Waiting there before the foundation of the world. God ordained for us to be born in this age. Amen. And when this age came, you born of your mother and father. Yes. But God has a gene. Amen. We we we receive this body from our mother and father and God spoke that thought, that gene. Amen. That seed. Amen. It went into that body. So this body, Amen. we received from our mother and father. But the seed in this body is an eternal seed. Came from the thoughts of God that eternal eternal thought have never ending and never beginning. Amen. Because that is God's thoughts. Eternal thoughts of God. We came from the eternal thoughts of God. Amen. And that thought is God's gene seed in this body. So now we have seed of God, life of God in this body. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And when the Holy Ghost comes and quicken that seed in this body, we Amen. Amen. unlock the mystery of that seed. Because that seed is a mystery. Amen. Amen. And when we receive the Holy Ghost, that seed is quickened, that seed bring forth its own kind. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So the seed in us is the life of God. Amen. Amen. And the Bible, the word is a written record of our life. Amen. Because we we are part of God's word and God whatever he thought he expressed. Amen. revealed to the prophets and those prophets seers or they wrote the Bible. Amen. And whatever is written, Amen. is the written record of our seed, the life, that came from God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. The attribute of God displayed in your phys physical body. Amen. Amen. And that seed is the word predestinated. Amen. To the word written for the hour. Amen. That's why when we have the Holy Ghost, we cannot deny the word. Amen. Amen. We cannot contradict the word of God. Hallelujah. Because we are born of the word. Amen. Not not corruptible. The Bible says, Amen. Amen. Seed. Amen. So then that word in you is b watered by the Holy Spirit and as it grows and matures it reveals the mystery of the word because word is seed. The seed is in us. When the Holy Ghost comes, Amen. and that seed is quickened. Amen. Then we reveal the mystery of the word because that seed is a word of God. Amen. So when that word mature in us, Amen. And we start to reveal the mystery which is locked in the sea seed. Amen. So we are living the life or the mystery of the seed. Amen. That seed came from God. Amen. That gene came from God in this body. Amen. And when the appointed time come, the Holy Spirit knowing that Amen. thought was expressed in that flesh. That's why Banam said uh this message has come to gather the bride to hunt the bride. Son of man, Amen. has come to seek the lost predestinated people. Amen. So the Holy Ghost or the message or God knows. Amen. They had to come to you to quicken you to recognize. Amen. Amen. To recognize who you are, what part of the scripture you were for the is that you were living in. So that is the different Pentecostal or denominational people. They believe the Bible. That's right. Amen. They all believe the Bible. They all preach the Bible, but they do not know which part of the word they are living. Amen. But because of the message, we know that which part of the word has been fulfilled, which part of the word God is fulfilling now and which part of the word is going to be fulfilled. Because of the message, we know who where we are. Amen. And what part of the word God is fulfilling. Amen. So a prophet said you you did not come here by chance. You did not stumble in here. Your birth is predestinated. Amen. Even we are predestinated where we will born the places the countries. Amen. It looks like we are stumbling here but we are predestinated. by the Holy Ghost. Amen. That's why Jesus said, "No man uh could come except the father draws him first." Amen. And Jesus said, "And all that the father hath given me will come to me." Amen. Like any parent, all their children were in them at the same time. Amen. Amen. Amen. Like I have three son but they were in me at the same time. Amen. You were in the loins of God which is in God's mind. When Noah was in God's loins, Abraham was there at the same time. Amen. When Moses was in there, you were there at the same time. Amen. But you were are a different Amen. Uh you are different season for the different agemen for the different season. Amen. You came in different seasons according to God's own eternal purpose. Amen. Nothing is by chance. Amen. So now we come in the flesh. Amen. So there is something strange in us inside of us in our hearts crying out for something eternal. Babham uh told us a story of an eagle. Amen. How that eagle was born in chickens. Amen. So God has awakened the bride to that consciousness that she is his attributes expressed. Amen. God does not change and his plans his purpose never change and his plans and purpose could not be defeated. Amen. So wedding is for multiplication. Amen. To bring the children for the continuation. Amen. As a little child is born. Amen. As I am saying he get his body from the parent. Amen. But in that body you have a soul in that body. Amen. Soul is a part of the eternal word. Amen. Amen. Please listen closely. Because I have not enough words to express. So the life, the seed, the soul came in this body but that soul is eternal. That's right. That soul is an eternal part of God the word. Amen. So it is a life to come in and have continued existence of the same life. Amen. Amen. So that's why we are bra said we are believer is a eternal creatures. Amen. So we have received this body from our mother and father but the soul the life came from another world. Amen. And that life is eternal. Amen. Amen. And when this body amen passed on we die. So the same life will be going in heaven. So in heaven we will be a there will be a continuation of the same life which was in God. Now it does proving that we are the sons of God. We are the daughter of God. God living his life in us. We become his hand, his mouth, his eyes, his feet. Amen. Amen. Not we are doing the work but he himself. Not as Paul said, not I but Christ lives in me. Amen. Amen. So the life which came from heaven now expressing through us and we will be the continuation of the same life in heaven in another world. You cannot go back to heaven. The Bible says if you have not come from heaven we can't go back the heaven. When we say heaven is our home, it means we have come from that home and we are going back to our home. Amen. Amen. If that life is not in us, Amen. But Branam said if you do everything, you pay tithes, you come to church, you you contribute and you sing song or you preach whatever. He said if you you do everything and you missed that life you missed everything. Amen. Because we cannot get back to heaven we if we have not come from heaven. Amen. Amen. So so there is a continuation. In other words, what I wanted to say is we are the continuation of the same life Jesus lived. [Music] Amen. Now that's why preach images of Christ. Amen. Identified Christ in all ages. Amen. Amen. Amen. So we are if we are connected with our bridegroom. Amen. And we are married to Jesus Christ our Lord. So we have to be pregnanted with his word. We have to be pregnanted with his thoughts in his seed. Amen. Bringing forth children in the image and likeness of the father. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. out of the church womb have to come both sons and daughters after his own kind because church is the extens extension of Jesus Christ. Amen. You remember when John the Baptist was preaching. Amen. He said I must decrease and he must increase. Amen. What is increase? Then he said I am just a friend of the bridegroom but bridegroom amen has the bride and then he said he must increase how we increase how our family increase with the wife. Amen. So John is saying that he must increase because he has the bride. We are the extension. We are the increase of Jesus Christ. Amen. Because family is an extension of the same life. There must be a people whose lives are matching these things. Amen. Their life is matching with the scripture. That is the token. That is the little life. That is Christ in you in bride form. Hallelujah. Amen. Christ in us in the bride form when God created Adam. Amen. The Bible says Adam was a son of God. When we read the genealogy in chap Luke. Amen. Maybe chapter one I think or two. Amen. Amen. So, Adam came out of God. Adam was a continuation of the life of God. Adam was an extension of God's life. And the Bible says God created Adam in his own image, in his own likeness, after his likeness. Amen. So, Adam came out of God. Amen. In his image and in his likeness. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, Adam was a continuation of the life of God. Amen. Amen. Now the Bible says but Branam preached a message Christ is the mystery of God revealed. But Branam said Adam Amen. Amen. And Eve was a prefigured of the church. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God foreshadowed Christ and his bride in Adam and Eve. And we know that Christ is second Adam. Amen. So God is all alone. He created universe everything. Now he wanted to amen express himself. Amen. Because God is a man. Amen. So because man came on the earth later man was already in heaven. First creature is like a loin. The second is like an ox. The third is like a man. So man was already there. That is our God's attribute his expression. Amen. So he Amen. brought Adam. Out of God came Adam. Adam was a continuation of God's life. And out of Adam, Eve came out of Adam. Amen. Amen. So, Eve was a continuation of the life of Adam. Amen. That's why you remember Adam said now she is born of my bones and flesh of my flesh. Amen. She shall be called Isa because she is called taken out of ish. This is Hebrew and your Scoffield Bible. You can read the footnote. Amen. So she is taken out of is she shall be called is woman. Amen. So, Eve was a continuation of Adam. Adam was a continuation of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Prefigure of the church. Amen. And God put sleep on Adam, opened his side. Amen. Brought out Eve. Hallelujah. Amen. And God divided his spirit from masculine to feminine and put it in Eve. Sim spirit. Divided. Amen. And now the same spirit all the life is in Eve. Amen. And Eve knew which she was the female part of Adam now being revealed in another body. Amen. Amen. And God brought Eve to Adam. Then Adam said, "She is born of my bone, flesh of my flesh." So Eve cannot be brought back to Adam if she is not taken out of Adam. She Amen. If we know that there is no not any Amen. Uh for Adam there was not any from from any animal or anywhere he could not find God could not find any mate helpmate amen so same life is moving further God, Adam. Now from Adam to Eve and the Eve was a carbon copy of Adam. Correct? So the Bible says there were two Adams. Two Adams. What is male? One is male and one is female. Genesis 5:2. And called their name Adam in the day when they were created. So God called them Adam. Amen. Amen. Female and male to Adam. Masculine and feminine. Amen. So Eve was continuation of the same life but in another body. Amen. Amen. Amen. Everything same. Even the name same. Amen. But said when he preached the first seal, he said, "I do I do not call you the church no more." Amen. But they called you the bride. Amen. Because the word has come back. The revelation has come back. Now Eve is living the same life. Amen. Amen. Continuation of the same life but in another body. Amen. That you could take your life and match with the scripture and your life and the scripture dubtail together. And you are the Chinese state. Of sir the same paper. Amen. Amen. It cannot be impersonated. Babham said third cannot be impersonated. The life that was God in God. Amen. Amen. Before the foundation of the word and God knows, Amen. In which flesh he has put that life that he sent the Holy Ghost and that life that seed is quickened and now you are producing the life of Jesus Christ. Amen. Same life that is the token the life of Jesus Christ in the church. So that cannot be impersonated. Amen. Life in you is the perfect matching piece to the promises of this age. Amen. Amen. The bride is in birth pain to give birth. Amen. Amen. She she will bring the children. That is the second fold. Amen. We have to produce the children. We have to produce the same life. Amen. Because bride is in the birth pain. She want to give birth to a son and daughters that could catch the spiritual things. Amen. Amen. Amen. Not weak with different uh kind of lust and all the things. Not but but the children who can Amen. possess the gates of their enemies. Victorious. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Because Abraham went out by faith. Amen. Isaac in obedience laid down his life. God wants a continuation of that kind of life. Amen. Amen. God confirming the continuation of the revelation in their lives. Amen. Which Abraham Amen. Isaac was a continuation of Abraham's life. Amen. Amen. Jacob was a continuation of Isaac's life. Amen. Coming down to full maturity. And Branam said Yseph was a perfect Amen. perfect picture, perfect type of the Lord Jesus Christ. So that life is coming into maturity. Amen. reflecting, manifesting uh the mystery of the seed. Amen. The people who went out by faith not knowing where they are going. Amen. Amen. They came out of Babylon, a people who come to obedience and submission to the will of the father. Amen. So they could bring forth a continuation of the same revelation. Amen. You see the revelation God put in that family. Amen. You see it came down in the continuity Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph all down through the in the Bible seem alive. Amen. Because the gospel branam is said the token is to claim your family because God is a family man. He is interested in the family. When he gave message to Noah, he said bring your family in. The ark that message was not only for Noah but for his family. Amen. and uh uh and and we read all through the Bible all the sacrifices everything uh priests. So the family their family was involved even the lamb Passover lamb which is a type of Christ. The lamb was lamb cannot be eaten by uh I mean one one man cannot eat the lamb. That lamb was for the family. Amen. Amen. So God want amen. A family. We are his family. We are the extension. Amen. So Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Yseph, Amen. It is a posterity. It is a race and but said the church she will be super race super church. She will be the invincible army. Amen. Amen. What you think Luther get when God came to him? Amen. Amen. when we read the church history and uh reformation and all those. So we I I was reading and I surprised that there is not even a little gap little there is not any uh interval when God started his work we we see in the dark ages the seed was laying there. Amen. when the restoration reformation started. Amen. Before Luther comes, there was like a small churches. Amen. Amen. The people already feel that pull. The people already started prayer. They already uh uh was feeling that they should be justified. Amen. They were praying for all these things. Then Luther came. Amen. So Luther was the continuation of the same message which was preached by the apostles and all that. Amen. Amen. And what you think Wesley get when God came to him? Wesley was preaching the same message. Wesley was a continuation of Luther's message. Hallelujah. God was continuing the revelation from Luther. Amen. In the restoration in his life. Amen. Then Wesley after Wesley Pentecostal came. What you think Pentecostal get? God was continuing the revelation. Amen. Amen. Amen. Wesley was the continuation of Luther. Pentecostal is amen was the continuation of Wesley. Amen. Amen. And what brother Branham preached. Amen. We are sharing this message different places and we noticed that most of the people who receive this message are from Pentecostals because this message is the furtherance and the continuation of the same message the Pentecostal. Amen. Banam said I am not ashamed of what I have preached. I am thankful for the gospel that I have preached because it is the same gospel that Paul and them preached. That's right. Amen. Well, I said I have preached the same gospel that Paul preached. And the multitude cried, we are resting on that. Amen. Even heaven in heaven when he was behind behind the curtain of time. Amen. So when it was asked to him he said I preach the same message. So brother Branham was the continuation of the same revelation same life same gospel preached by the apostle. Amen. And when brother Brandab came all and everything was gathered up in the son of man at the end of the Pentecostal age. Amen. to bring back the fullness of the word. Amen. Luke 17:30. Amen. Amen. Revealing of the son of man. Amen. Continuation from the stock to the tessle to the husk to the grain. But same life, same seed. Amen. Amen. Now through you now you are the carrier we are the carrier of the same life. Amen. All those denominations said Amen. They were in the plan of God. Amen. Life was moving. Life was Amen. Amen. Amen. Going forth. Amen. Hallelujah. So they all were the carrier. So now in this second fold before the rapture we are the carrier of that same life. Amen. That's why braham said overlapping. Overlapping is there is not he said never been any abrupt end. That's right. Amen. Continue. Overlapping is the continuation. Amen. Amen. So prophet said continuity cannot be broken. That's right. Amen. overlapping Moses when God called Moses and God give him uh the uh the law. Amen. when he when he wrote those Torah five books after that because that is no they have in the written form. Amen. After that nobody can preach or tell contrary what Moses already told. Amen. Amen. Because what God's word is the same. Amen. That's why what Moses preached Yesua preached. Amen. Amen. And that message which was started with Moses. Amen. Was a continuation till today. That's right. Remember when Eliza came and Israel was like in backsliden condition and uh Elijah brought them to the showdown and uh then Elijah restore the altar. Amen. Amen. When Elijah is restoring the altar, that altar came through Moses. Moses saw the vision. He saw the heavenly pattern. Amen. After that pattern, he brought the altar of God, 12 stone and everything. Amen. When Elijah is restoring the altar, he's preaching Moses. He's preaching what Moses preached. He's restoring Israel back to the Moses message. Amen. Because Eliza was a continuation of the same message Moses preached. [Music] Amen. Even when Jesus came, he said, "I come to fulfill the scripture." Amen. He said, "Scriptures cannot be broken." Amen. So Jesus in the beginning of his ministry in the first pole he preached Moses. Matthew 8:4 Jesus preached uh Matthew 8:4 and Jesus saith unto him, "See thou tell no man, but go thy way, show thyself to the priest, and offer the gift that Moses commanded for a testimony unto them." Amen. Mark 1:44. and saith unto him, See thou say nothing to any man, but go thy way, show thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing those thing which Moses commanded for a testimony unto them. Amen. Continuity cannot be broken. That's why Branam said if any revelation comes, Amen. And that revelation is not amenail from Genesis to Revelation is not in chain. Amen. Amen. If it is not in continuity, that's not of God. That is your own thinking. Amen. So at the end of his ministry, after his resurrection, Amen. Third pull, he's revealing the word to his disciple when they're going to emos. Luke 24:27 says, "And Jesus, and beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself." Amen. So Jesus never spoke anything against Moses. [Music] Word cannot be broken. Continuity cannot be broken. That's why when Brahana preach everything goes back to revelation. And everything is in continuation. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So when John the Baptist came, Amen. He was a continuation of the book of Malachi because Malachi said the he's going to send his messenger. Amen. So the Bible from Genesis to Revelation is in continuity. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can start from anywhere. Bible starts with marriage and with marriage. Amen. Amen. G. The Bible starts with eating, wrong kind of eating and ends with eating. Amen. So sin came by eating. Amen. Restoration came by eating because when our inheritance the book that titled it came the angel said go and eat the book because what we eat we become what we eat eat the book. Amen. So John was the continuation of Malachiah. Amen. Amen. So when God started with Adam, same life moving further. Amen. Amen. Because Jesus Christ was identifying himself, foreshadowing himself through all the prophets. That's why first I think Peter says Christ spirit was in them in all the prophets. That's right. David was behaving like Christ. That's right. Amen. Amen. And uh Moses he stood in the gap. Amen. All the prophets we can talk about anyone all were expressing showing living the life of Jesus Christ because that life was continuing. Now John the Baptist. Amen. After Jesus came, everything is in continuation. Prophet said overlapping. Jesus, preached Moses. That was the beginning. Amen. And after Jesus apostles came, they preached the same message. They were the continuation of the same message. Amen. Then seven churches Amen. Amen. Same life, same message was in overlapping pattern. That's right. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And BRAM said, let me read the Philadelphia churches. And no man can shut it. We must now recall what has been said about each running over into another. There is n there is an overlapping a melting or fading into rather than an abrupt end and a clearcut start. This age particularly flows into the next age that is a continuation. Amen. And not only does this age overflow into last age, but the last age is in many respects simply occurring on of the sixth age. Amen. Amen. Everything is in continuity because out of the churches comes seals. Out of the seals comes trumpets. Out of the tempers comes out viles. Out of the viles comes out plagues. Everything is in continuity. That's why Branam said the seventh seal is like a rocket. Amen. Amen. It is just like firing a rocket into the air and that rocket explodes here and it goes up and then explodes again. It puts out five stars. One of those stars explode and blows out five stars from it. And then one of them stars explodes and blows odd five stars from it. See it fades on odd and then one of them stars explodes and blows odd five stars from it. See it fades on odd. That is what the seventh seal it it just ends the time for the world. It ends a time for this. It ends the time for that. It ends the time for this. It ends a time. Everything just ended up in that seventh seal. Amen. So Bananaam is saying that even seven seal is from Genesis to revelation. Amen. Seventh seal is goes in eternity. Seven seal is the end of time but everything is in continuity. He said it's like firing a rocket and when that rocket amen fires and blows it brings five stars. Blows five time 1 2 3 4 Amen. It blows and fade out. Then the fifth Amen blows and brings another five. Amen. Tata finish and next five star again. Amen. So it's moving. It's in continuity. Amen. We bride will speak what already been spoken. Amen. Amen. Because we are the continuation of the same message, same life. Amen. What? Amen. Amen. What we have received in these days after revelation 10:7 opening of the book revelation of the word when it is given after that revelation 108 to 111 is the continuation. Amen. What you think we are talking here? Revelation 10. Amen. 8 to 11 eat the book. Amen. Become the part of the word. Amen. God don't want anybody to work for him. He wants to work in you. Christ walking in your feet, speaking through your lips, think with your mind, working with your hands. The continuation of the same revelation is being expressed through you. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Says you becomes the will that wills him. Amen. Same God in us. Now the God who is above us and with us becomes in us. You are his hands. You are his feet. He is the head over the body. Amen. It shows the head and body is united. That is the continuation. That's why he appeared. Amen. And when he appeared to Paul, he said, "Paul, Paul, why thou persecute me?" The first vision, the first time God started to tell deal with Paul, he told them, I and my people are one. Amen. I'm one with the body. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we are the continuation. knowledge has increased. People know everything about the message. They can reason, they can debate, they can argue, they they can prove their doctrines whatever they believe. But this is that's we cannot prove that we are believer by the things. Yes sir. This is the time to live a life. Amen. Amen. This is the time to show that that life in us. Amen. Amen. And God is living that life. Amen. I want to read a quote. The world is again falling apart. I don't know how that car runs out there. It has got pistons and cylinders. And I don't know how much pressure it used. The only thing I know is the dynamics. put her out there and drive it until that church becomes with dynamics and mechanics and the spirit of God that moved him to do the things that he did. If he hit on 16 cylinders, so will the bride. Amen. For he said in John 14:12, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. I will give him a ch charge of my dynamics in his mechanics that the world will not be able to withstand it and I will raise him up again at the last day. That is the eastern message. The dynamics and the mechanics together. The mechanics without the dynamics no good. Neither is the dynamics without the mechanics. Amen. Amen. The genes of God, the life of God in us. We are God's gene. We are God's life. Zoe Zoe, eternal life. God's life. Amen. The Holy Spirit in us. What is the title deed? I am closing. What is the title deed? Many people they claim that if you know all the seals by heart you are going to get in the rapture and everybody I I I'm talking in India always talking about the seal seal seal which is good but if we are depending something like the something like that that if you will remember this or this it is going to happen. So we are in confusion. It is not like that. We are talking about the life. If that life from heaven is not in us. Amen. We cannot go there. Amen. Amen. We are living. Amen. God's life here. Amen. What is the title deed? The opening of the seal. Remember Abraham said revelation goes with your life. If your life is contrary with the revelation, Amen. Amen. Then that revelation is not correct. That's just a knowledge or information. Amen. So what is the title deed? That is the birthright. Amen. When you are born in the family, Amen. And you have the same life, you get the inheritance. Amen. Title deed is for the family members. Title deed is an inheritance. Amen. What is the abstract to the title deed? I'm quoting from the breach and the messenger. What is the abstract to the title deed? Prophets and the Holy Ghost. Amen. Search all the way back to the beginning in the thoughts of God. Amen. Amen. So titled it. Amen. We know we search if it belong to if anyone else or we search way back. Who is the owner? Amen. So prophet said search the Holy Ghost. Search all the way back in the thoughts of God. The spirit coming to the word that word in you part of that word in you. So the Holy Ghost comes search us. If we goes back see the life in us such way back in the thoughts of God. Amen. That is the title lead. If we are there if we are in the thoughts of God. Amen. Search way back in the thoughts of God means it is searched all the way back to its beginning. Amen. in the mind of God. And when we are found there, that life is in us. We are the continuation of the same life. We are the bride. Amen. Remember Eve was brought back to Adam because he was taken out of Adam. If we are taken out of God, Amen. If we have come from Christ, Amen. We can go back to him if we are not taken out of God. If we have not come from above, we cannot go back because it going to be same life. The continuation of the same life. Amen. Amen. Again one quotes and then we close. What was the Holy Ghost given for? Now the works that I do shall you do also. Not another work. But God wants to bring the Holy Ghost in you to continue the same work that he was doing in Christ. The purpose of sending the Holy Ghost was for God to continue through a bunch of people to continually manifest God to the world. That is exactly so why the Holy Ghost God's life is in us to manifest God's life. Manifest God to the world. So that's why I always say we because we have received the message we are not representing any church here. We are not representing any group. Even we are not representing any end time message. That message is Christ and Christ is revealed in his own word and we are here to represent Christ only. And if that life is in us, we will share that life to other. Amen. Amen. What is the greatest workam said that is impart eternal life. Amen. Amen. If that if that life is in me, eternal life, the Holy Ghost, the life that he lived, then I can impart that life to my brother, to my sister. If I do not have that life in me, I will give doctrines. creeds. I will try to present something. Bananam said I never try to bring anyone in my church. He said I always Amen. present Christ and always Amen. get the people to Christ. Christ is that life. Amen. While we are closing, brother and sister, what you want to be a church member comes every Sunday to church or you want to be the living manifestation of the word for this day or you want to live a life because we are ordained. Amen. For a purpose. He said the Holy Ghost is given to a bunch of people to continually manifest God to the world. How can we manifest God? Cannot do that with our human ability. That's right. Without him, we can do nothing. Amen. If we have that life, that life will automatically overflow. It will be like automatically. Amen. Automatically we will leave. Automatically we will love the people. Automatically we will have compassion for the people. Amen. Because that life is overflowing. Amen through us when that life is. So Amen. So so let's do our part. Amen. The second fold is God puts himself. Amen. Christ is God. Christ poured himself into the church. That's right. For what? To manifest the life of God. Jesus said, "I come to declare the father. I come to manifest." Amen. So that life must be manifest, magnified in us. That is the only way we can go there. Amen. It cannot be impersonated. Let's pray. Dear heavenly father, we thank you for your word. Thank you for the nice group of people, Lord. They love you and uh we all love you and we thank you with the grateful of our hearts Lord that you have given us this message. You have given us prophet. We love him not because he brought big big things and revelation. We love him because he lived a life. He set an example when we see him the life like Jesus Christ. So if we have received that message, if we have re the revelation 10911, that word in us will manifest itself. We will be the continuation of the same life. Lord, help us. Apart from you, we can do nothing. Bless this church. Bless all of us, Lord. We do not want to miss that life because your prophet said end time message, evening message required the token. Amen. And token must be on display. That life must overflow. That life must manifest in the neighborhood, in the market, in the wedding, in the office, in the school, in the colleges, wherever we go. Amen. The people see that life and praise our God which is in heaven. Lord help us to be the manifestation written epistles read by all men because people are watching our lives. We are influencing people and Lord when we say we are influenced by the message that message came from heaven and if we are influenced by heaven and we must influence the people that's Why we are here to express those things to express that life of Jesus Christ that is the message. Thank you Lord. Thank you for giving your word. And Lord, if you are talking these things to us, giving these things to us, that is your grace and mercy because you are you want to bring us to that stage, a glorious church without wrinkle, pure, virtuous bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. Sanctify us and keep us in the line. There is only one thing we desired to hear from you that day. Well done, my son. Well done, my daughter. Keep us in your perfect will. Help us, Lord. We give you glory, honor, and praise. And bless this church. May they grow spiritually. Bring them into the higher level. which is in your mind which you want to to make them Lord we commit everything into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ I pray. Amen and amen. So may the Lord bless you. Thank you. Say give us some respect. [Applause] from his glor. [Music] My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Oh, born in a manger to his only strangeanger. A man of sorrow, tears, and anger. Oh, how I love him. [Music] How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine. He is my only. The great creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him. What condensation? What come thision [Music] bringing us redemption that in the dead of night not one faint hope inside God gracious tender let aside his slander stooping to h to win to save my soul. Oh, how I loving how I adore my breath, my sunshine, my holy Lord, the great creator, [Music] became my savior. Savior and all God's fullness [Music] dwell in him. Oh, I love him once again. Oh, how I love him, how I [Music] breath, my sunshine. [Music] is my holy Lord. The great creator became my savior and God's fullness dwelling in him. We appreciate the word of God this morning that came with uh power and just spoke to our heart in a precious way. Marvelous word of God to the time where we are living in just a precious it's the same life. the same life just a continuation of the same life. Going to read one quote of the prophet and the the brother Rashan [Music] just said it so well but just in the same continuity of what we have been speaking and not adding anything just to put in the same continuity of the statue of the perfect man. And the prophet says, as this song says, God condescending to his creation. God wants to be worshiped. The word of God, the word God means object of worship. It's God trying to condition his people so he can get from them what he created them for. Amen. The word of God came to condition us to put that in a certain atmosphere to make us aware of what God is doing so that he can get from us what created us for. And then prophet continues, he never made you to be something else besides a son and a daughter of God. If you have missed that of being a son or daughter of God, you have missed the mark. Lord, I don't want to miss the mark. I want to be your son and your daughter of God to express you to have to express your nature, your life. As we heard this morning, we can know so many things. But Lord, if I miss the life, the literal life of Jesus Christ, then what have I gained? Lord, I desire your life. I desire to be you Lord. I want I want the second phase of the three-fold purpose of God to be manifested in my life. I like what he said denominations they are preaching they are preaching and good sometimes very eloquent preachers and very good preachers very nice things putting the scriptures here and there and then comp comparing but they don't know the phase where they are they don't know the scripture pertaining for our time but God by his mercy and grace he has chosen us and he has revealed to us what he's doing now for our time the same life that was in in the in the grain now it was in the tassel as a shackle now it is in the grain again back to the grain again and we are in that time harvest time to manifest the same life of Jesus Christ coming to the maturity isn't that your desire that's my desire this morning my heart is just stirring as I was listening to the word of God the seven the seven menu or or meal complete that we have received this morning. I I I don't want to take long but just want that meditate upon that you may maybe let's go back again if there is a Facebook there is a there is a um there is a website go to that and listen to it again listen to what we heard this morning God gone and you know where he concluded is life so everything else is going in details many things I put some note I could take more but every details the ending of it Lord Lord, your life. Your life. I'm at home. Your life. I'm at school. Your life. I'm at work. Your life. I'm in church. Your life. To be like Jesus. Brothers. Oh. To be like Jesus. On earth. I long [Music] to be like him. [Music] Oh, through life's journey from earth to glory. I only ask to be like him. To be like Jesus. Jesus. To be like Jesus. [Music] All of my love you meet from through life's journey from earth to gloryy I only ask to be like him once him to be like Jesus. to be like Jes. Let's stand together. All earth I long on earth I long to be like him. Oh, through life's journey from earth to gloryy. I only ask to be like him. Shine on me. Shine on me. Lander lighting from the lighthouse. Shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Oh, shine on me. And the light from the lighthouse shine on me once again. Oh, shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. me. Oh, shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Let the light from the light clouds. You shine on me. Have the preeminence you desire. Oh my [Music] have the preeminence. [Music] You desire you in my life in my life. Lord God, [Music] work with our hands, speak with our lips, see with our mind and walk with our feet. Oh, glory to the preeminence that you desire. In my life, in my life, Lord, have the preeminence once again. Oh, have the preeminence, Lord. You desire you [Music] in my life. In my life, Lord, in my life, in my life. You have the preeminence. You desire you in my life. In my life, in my life. Work with our hands. Oh, work with our hands. Speak with our lips. See with our eyes and walk with our feet and every minute you desire you to desire Lord in my life. Oh in my life in my life. Let each person just pray to the Lord this morning as we heard the word of God. Let each person prays on his own way to the Lord. Lord have the preeminence in my life. Give me your life. Lord I want to be the manifestation of Jesus Christ. Father Lord is our desire this morning as each person prays. Father Lord we thank you this morning again for your word Lord that came into our heart that you spoke to my heart. Father the revealed word of the hour. Father to show me the time that we are living in where we have to continue the same life of Jesus Christ. make ourself available for you to have the preeminence. Father Lord, I open my heart this morning and I want the word of God that came with power Lord to come and have the preeminence in my heart. Lord, bring me that I come to the level where the mechanic and the dynamic Lord Jesus Christ will be working together. You say the dynamic for the church shall be the refilling of the Holy Spirit. Refill us, Father, with more of you, Lord. Refill us with the Holy Spirit. Father, that we can manifest the life of Jesus Christ. Reign and rule in our heart. Father, bring us Lord to the full maturity of Jesus Christ. The full maturity of the grain, the same grain that went, Father, Lord, in the ground. Let the same grain come to the full maturity showing the love of Jesus Christ imparting eternal life to others Lord that we can be father good husband, good good wives, good mothers, good fathers, good preachers, good pastors, Father Lord manifesting Christ, Jesus Christ working his own life through individuals, true vessels, Father, not our own life that we cannot manufacture the life of Jesus Christ. He cannot impersonate the life of Jesus Christ. Father, Lord, I desire your life to live automatically through my through my life. Father, as I surrender myself to you, the church all together, we surrender ourselves to you. We believe your word. We have eaten your word, Father. Let it have the preminence in our life and produce, Father, the result, the the purpose for which it was sent forth this morning to produce, Father, Christ again. living continuing his own work through us. That's the purpose of the Holy Ghost. We love you and appreciate you. Bless father Roshan. Bless father his family. Bless father the work you'll be doing Lord again as he's still here with us. Bless father all the church back home. Father may your presence be with them as well. And bless them richly as the father as the as the pastor is away. But may the holy spirit continue to work mighty among them. Father Lord we love you and appreciate you. Thank you again Lord for speaking to our hearts in Jesus Christ name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know sometimes we go through different things. We think that we are temporal beings. But we heard this morning the inside of you is God himself. It's a part of God himself. You are eternal God. You can never be defeated. The enemy will try to put whatever it can put on the way, but you can never be defeated. Once the light comes and shine upon that seed, it will come back to life again. Remember that woman at the well, huh, brother Elisha? Remember that woman at the at the wellh? She was deep in sin and everything, but she had a representative inside of her. Nothing could stop. When the light came, she came back to life. Praise be to God. Amen. Amen. The original life, the original seedri [Music] in this last age. We have got a revelation by the last prophet message. And we know who we are. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Original life, original life, original world. I believe I believe the son of man is the seven original for the original sees [Music] and our names are seen redeemed and perfect without sin. Yes, we are anointed inspired by our God. The original life, original life, original, original life, [Music] original, original what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven cities I'll be original life original life original se eyes of understanding is open the last victory [Music] in the past and we have responded to our God. Hallelujah. I believe the son of man is revealed. The seven seal land in the original sea. We are called unto an ocean full of glory and power sleeping saints. We wake for translation in this jer over glory. Hallelujah. God to our God. The original love original. The original is what I believe is what I believe. The son of man is the seven. The original life in the original sea. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Praise be to God. The original life of Jesus Christ. Now in the bride. Born in sin, shaped iniquities, but the life of God is unveiled. Now you are the mystery of Christ being unfaith. Amen. Glory to his name. Amen. Brother Elasha, it's good to have you here. Would you mind coming and closing the service in word of prayer? You can pray in French, you can pray in English, can feel free to pray in whatever you feel. It's good to have you. Amen. Let us pray. [Music] for [Music] [Music] [Music] I thank you to show us that we come from eternity and we are going back to that we had in eternity. And now we'll go back to our life. Everybody can see. Let our life test that we might be the witnesses we have when we eat. May you continue to while we have finished this service that you have used this morning. those who also support him to his church. We glorify your name. May your life be May solution. May you bless the musicians want to remember blessing to meet in the name of Jesus Christ we faith. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you brother. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. It was good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Wonderful word of God. Presence of God. And thank you for each one who came creating the atmosphere and you brought the leak of fire. Thank you for for sister and brother Simon and and and brother Roshan's family and all the visitors. God bless you richly. We appreciate you. I really love the word this morning. I really loved it. really loved it. It made me feel so good. Amen. And it's not only on the feeling, but it just went deep inside that this is me. This is me. This word is me. Amen. So, thank you, Lord, for that. Amen. Let me walk with you, Jesus. And then be separate. You found me when I was lonely. You found me when I was so blue. You found me when no one could love me. when no one knew just what to do. [Music] Oh, so let me let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. Without you, I could never. No, never make heaven my home. I've been on the mountain. I've been on the mountain with Jesus. I've been in the valley. I've been in the valley so low, but you never fail me. But never one time has he failed me to him with my trles. I'll go. So let me walk with you, Jesus. us. Don't ever leave me alone. For without you, I could never, no, never make heaven my home. Once again, let me walk. So let me walk with you Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. [Music] Oh without you I could never know never make heaven my home. Oh, God bless you richly. Greet one another and bless one another. Remember the family of sister Esther. Um, Mama Esther, she she lost her father. So, just if you have a number, please call her and comfort their family and keep them in prayer as well.
