################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 04 06 Andrew Dodd Fountain of Perfection - Andrew Dodd.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 04 06 Andrew Dodd Fountain of Perfection
Speaker: Andrew Dodd
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr2X3IIA4PE
========================================

Description:
Brother Andrew Dodd preaches the sermon, "Fountain of Perfection".
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you saints. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Uh I hope we all came expecting uh with all our licks of fire. Can we stand to start our service this morning? We'll start with let's start with the chorus on that one. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my s. Oh, magnify the Lord for he is worthy to be pray. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, for you to be. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Glory, glory to his name. Who is and reigns forever more. Oh, glory, glory to his name. He reigns forever. Ohana. Oh, blessed be the Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, Jehovah [Music] is his name. Oh, he lies all my needs. Oh J is his name [Music] for he proides. Oh my. Ohana. Ohana. Blessed be the Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the blessed be the rock of my salvation. Amen. Amen. Uh before we proceed here and I see we got a lot of visitors around. Uh brother Len Hilda Brand. Uh that's your brother, right? Brother Len Hilda Brand, God bless you, my brother. Um Brother Scott is around. I don't see Sister Cynthia here. I'm guessing she's still jetlagged. Yeah. Okay. Uh, Sister Esther is away and brother Victor is also away. Um, let's sing one more song. Oh, sorry. My brother, I didn't see you. Sorry. What's your name, brother? Nazari. Brother Nazerie. We welcome you to the service this morning. Feel free in the house of the Lord. Amen. I will praise him. We'll start with the chorus. I praise him. I will praise him. Praise thy lamb for sin. Give him glory all ye people for his blood is washed away. [Music] I will praise him. I will praise him. Oh, praise thous [Music] glory. All ye people for his blood is washed away there. When I see the cleansing fountain, open wide for all my sins. I of the spirit sw [Music] when when he said will thou be clean. I will praise him. I will praise him. Oh I will praise him. Oh, praise the sing. Give him glory. Oh people, for his blood is washed away each day. All they insult in arrow. Oh, I claimed was swooped away. My ambition was in riches and my feet in aesious love. I will praise him. I will praise. Oh, I will praise him. Oh, praise the L. [Music] Give him glory, oh people, for his blood is washed away. him. Then go fire upon the fra [Music] was a flame. I shall never cease to praise him. Oh, glory, glory to his I will praise him. I will praise him. Oh, I will praise. Oh, praise the L for sinners. in glory go. Oh, his blood is washed away in them. Oh, said be the name Jesus. I'm so glad he took me in. Oh, he forgive my transgression. Oh, he is cleans my heart. I will praise him. I will praise. Oh, I will. Oh, praise thous glory all ye people through his body. Man, I will praise him. I will praise. Oh, I will praise. Oh, praise thous [Music] people for his blood is washed away. Let's try verse four again. Oh, blessed be the name Jesus. I'm so glad. [Music] Oh, I will praise him. I I will praise him. I will praise. Oh, praise thy lamb for sinners slain in glory. Oh ye people for his blood is washed out with each day. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um and brother Andrew is also not in our midst today. I understand uh uh he had a car accident, right? Yeah. He hit a deer and uh we thank God for saving his life and uh the wife of his daughter. Um at this stage I'll ask uh brother Scott to come and uh open the service in prayer. Uh we don't have any spoken requests but I'm sure in our midst there's a lot of unspoken requests. We are all a needy people. Uh let's sing the chorus again as brother Scott comes in. I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for slay. Give him glory. All ye. [Applause] [Music] Good morning, brothers and sisters. Just want to thank God for the wonderful sunshine again. Amen. Thank you, merciful Lord, for the things you've shown me, Lord, the things you've teaching me, Lord. May you just open our hearts today, Lord, for you today, Lord. Teach us the things you want us to teach us, Lord. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, just want to give you the honor and glory, Lord. Without you, Lord, we're nothing, Lord, in this world. We need you, Lord. Every need here, we need something for our hearts for you, Lord. Search our hearts today, Lord. Open up our hearts to you, Lord. Open up our ears that we may listen what you want to teach us today, Lord. Your wonderful teaching of your holy word, Lord. We need that, Lord. Fill us today, Lord. Amen. Be with the preacher here today, Lord, and with the musicians and the people here that couldn't make it, Lord. They are all needy people as well, Lord. But you know their needs, Lord. Before we even ask, Lord, grant it to us today, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for everything you've done. I ask this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Sorry, I also forgot to welcome you, sister. You you're just so familiar. So, I just took you to be part of the congregation. So, forgive me for that. Uh we can greet each other as uh we take our seats. Amen. Yeah. Is that it? Sorry, I just [Music] Yeah, thank you. My heart was distressed and straight found in love in the B since up was distressed and swift in low in the pit where my sins dra me down. I cry to the Lord from the day I recla. Oh, he brought me out of them. Oh, he my he set my feet on the rock to stay there. He puts a song in my soul to a song of praise. Hallelujah. He bless me up there from rock by his side. My state rest and heal abandon. No danger of falling while he I remain by sin by his grace until they crown. Oh he of them by reclaim. He puts his son for Tuesday. [Music] He put his in my soul to a song of praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song. It was a new song of praise. Oh by day and by night his will I will raise my heart overflowing. I'm happy and free I'll pray my redeemer who is [Music] he of the mighty way. He set my feet on the rock to say he puts his s in my soul to praise. Hallelujah. I'll sing of his wonder. I praise him to all and his goodness shall see. I'll sing of salvation whom I brought you many shall hear them. He brought me he brought me out. Oh my reclaim. He set my feet on the rock. He put the song in my soul today. Praise. Hallelujah. I'll tell of his men and this. Oh, I praise the dear father who answer my sing [Music] your father and join in the chorus with the sea. He brought me out of there. I reclaude. [Music] He brought me. He brought me out of the mighty myy [Music] [Music] praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We can take our seats. Uh we got uh a few specials today. So without taking much time, uh brother Francois. Oh, that's the Sunday school. So while the Sunday school is coming in, I ask uh Sister Kathy if you can come and uh enough just after. Thank you. Is that okay? Do you need [Music] [Music] When I'm in [Music] need, I call on my God. Yes, he hears me. He will help me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his all. He'll be my companion. He's my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty and he sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The great is our story. When you're in need, just call on the Lord and he'll hear you. Yes, he'll help you. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. He'll be your companion, your best friend. He's the only true God. And there's no one greater, a wonderful savior. Jesus, the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty and he sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. That greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah, the great enforcer of the army. He'll fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Your victory will come, but not the way you think it should. But my great Jehovah just as a paradox. Just stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty and he sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest story. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty and he sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest story [Music] [Music] They journeyed from afar to Bethlehem. us to worship here. They came with gifts and knelt before the [Music] newborn king in their midst. He was no ordinary child. They bowed and worshiped him. [Music] singing, "Holy, [Music] holy are you, Lord." Singing, "Holy, holy are you, Lord." singing holy, holy [Music] is the Lord God Almighty. [Music] We've come into your house to worship you. and kneel before your throne. Our hearts we now surrender to your will. We raise our voices unto the great I am. You are the almighty God and our king of kings. We sing holy, holy are you Lord. We sing holy, [Music] holy are you Lord. We sing holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. [Music] We welcome you, oh Lord, into this place. Inhabit all our praisees. Be free. Oh Lord, come walk through every aisle. We may every bound go free from their captivity. May we have liberty to bless your name. Singing holy, holy are you Lord. We say holy, holy are you Lord. We sing holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. crying holy, [Music] holy are you Lord. We sing holy, [Music] holy are you Lord. We sing holy, holy is Lord God Almighty, [Music] holy, holy, holy Lord God Almighty. Mighty early the morning our songs shall rise to thee. So we sing holy. Holy are you Lord. We sing holy. Holy are you Lord. We sing holy, [Music] holy is the Lord God Almighty. [Music] Sier till I die. Sier till I die. I'll be a soldier till I die. Soldier till I die. Soldier till I die. Soldier till I die. I'll be a soldier till I die. Soldier till I die. I sold till I die. Soldier till I die. I'll be a soldier till I die. Hallelujah. That's our uh engagement. We renew our vow with God. Hallelujah. God bless you saints uh have for us. Oh, you will assist me to sing with you for the glory and the honor of our living God. Amen. Hallelujah. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. There is army here resisting arm. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is need in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. There is army raising up. There is army raising up. There is an army raing up. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. to break every chain. God bless you. God bless you, saints. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh daughters of Zion, oh Abraham sons, hear the word of your fathers. Amen. Here's promise of love. I will make you a blessing. So count the stars if you can. You will be a great nation. I will give you this land. I will bring you back home. Bring you back home. All my children, [Music] you love on the road. Lost and alone in the night. [Music] There is nothing on earth that could take you away. Once I gather you under my wings, I will bring you all back home again. [Music] like strangers of the earth. I will set you a savior. I will finish my work. You have no other shepherd. You have no other green pastures are waiting. If you want more, I will bring you back home. I'll bring you back home. All my children, there ain't no longer. Lost and alone in the night. There is nothing on earth that could take you away. Once I gather you under my wings, I will bring you all back home again. Pray for the priest. Look to the east for the sunrise is sudden and fierce. Every prophet and priest, king in the city will look for the one who pierced. We will mourn with the one pierced. But only my daughters, oh sons of Abraham, I will wash you with water. I will offer the lamb. Though your sins were like scarlet, they'll be wider than snow. I will always be with you. I will never let go. I will bring you back home. I'll bring you back home. All my children, [Music] you will no longer roll. Lost and alone in the night. There is nothing on earth that can take you away. Once I gather you under my wings, I will bring you all back home again. I'll die again. I am I [Music] am and I am here and I am Ryan and I am here. I deny him. God bless you. [Music] Let's uh just give the Lord another hand of praise. Amen. As we as we stand to our feet and change the order of the service. Jire [Applause] my prom. [Music] You are all the for me [Music] Jehovah sh you me by your stripes I am [Music] You are with me. You all might need. You are more than enough. so much more than enough. You are more than enough for me. Amen. Is that is he your provider? Is he more than enough for you? He's the only one we need really. Amen. God bless you and welcome to the service this morning. Greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ this morning. There's such a nice atmosphere. We thank the Lord for the presence. Thank the Lord for the leadership and the song and the specials and the atmosphere that each one has created this morning. So we I think God is is is is happy for what we are offering him this morning. Can you say praise the Lord? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord this morning. Just want to say thank you Lord for what he has done in our life. And we have u brother Andrew Dodd with us this morning. He's going to be speaking and we're looking forward to the word of God. Amen. We a little bit on the extra time but uh may God give us grace this morning. We only have one service here so we can we can be more relaxed. Amen. To be more relaxed. We can go over time. It's okay. Amen. We the this the body can be tired but the soul is not tired. So let's feed the soul this morning just be expecting and we give him the liberty and what he has that God has put in his heart. He can just speak freely and uh and uh we and and speak to our heart. We are thirsty and hungry for more of God. Amen. Let's just sing that song once again. um want to sing um the song in my mind that I wanted to see. Shine on me, shine on me as the word of God will come. The visitors have been welcome. We welcome you as well. Welcome you again. Um brother D came with uh some people came with him his presence. So it's good to see participation of end time message here this morning. So I welcome you this morning. Um just to save time I won't mention every name but just want to say thank you for coming and being with us and God bless you recently brother Lan and and others and you sister Lisa and others and good to see brother Scott back and God bless you richly and God bless you richly and and thank you Lord some of us are not here this morning they're working I got some call and oh I talked with some of them so um they're working this morning it's but u we are glad that we are here. Amen. They're praying for us and we just pray for them as well. Amen. And God is in control for every situation. We thank God for the healing of sister Mama Mati last time. Her testimony didn't mention that but it has been a good testimony. Sister Mama Mati, God bless you richly for that. And um brother Andrew was involved in accident has been mentioned but they are keeping in prayer. Amen. And the family thank God that they've been kept safe. Amen. God is watching over them. Amen. And brother Victor has been traveling. He arrived safely. So we are so thankful for that. That's all the announcement that this morning. But u just sing that once again. Shine upon me as we invite the word of God. And shine shine on me. Lord shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light from the light shine on me. Let us say a few words to the Lord. Father, we thank you this morning. Thank you to be in your house this morning. Father, as each individual, Father, is speaking to you this morning, Father, as a prayer, Lord, may you shine upon our heart. May you speak to our heart, Father. Lord, may we prepare our heart to receive from you, Lord. Only the word of God can change. Not a man understanding, not a man ideas. As we heard the prophet this morning, we cannot lean on our own understanding, Father. But we want to take you by faith. Take your word, take you at your word, Father. May you come, Father, and speak to our heart. There are many needs among us. For those who are sick, Father, may you heal them as the word will come forth, Father. May the healing power, Father, touch their bodies, Father. Lord Jesus Christ, for those who need the Holy Ghost. We all need more of the Holy Ghost, Father, as the word of God will come forth, Father. May you fill our heart once again of you, Lord. We desire refilling more of you, Father. We love you. We appreciate you. Shine upon our heart, Father. Let the light come and shine upon the seed so the seed can produce the life. We give you the glory and the honor. Thank you for every gift this morning. Thank you for the special. Thank you for the song leading. Thank you for each individual. Father, we love you. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Oh to be like Jesus. That's our desire to be like Jesus. on earth to be like him. Oh to my journey. [Music] All the glory. I only ask to be like him. Brother and true. To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. on earth I long to be like him. Oh through life's journey from it to glory [Music] I only ask to be like him. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Good morning, friends. Good morning. Let's all just have our seat for a minute. Thank you. It's all the singing we'll do. I appreciate that. It's good to see each and every one of you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it? Amen. I was just driving the other day by Breton actually, and I thought, wonder how brother Peter's doing. Doing well. How's your wife doing? How's sister Feroza? She's getting well. Wonderful. Wonderful. We're happy to hear that and happy to hear you've been reunited in home. Amen. And uh it's always good to just be gathered together with saints of like precious faith. Amen. And to see what the Lord's doing in different places. And I so appreciate brother Moses, brother Zigg. Thank you for the opportunity just to come and share my heart with you. And and I know brother Moses said he's on call this morning. He still works a 9 to5 and you know when you're a pastor, brother Zigg, you know, you're always on call. So you just kind of get used to it. But uh you know that's that's how it is as a servant of God. You know as servants of the Lord we're we're servants to the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. You know, I was telling the church end time message. I said, 'You know, when we go and preach different places and sometimes we minister in churches in the same city. Why do you do that? Because we're a we're a servants to the bride of Christ. And there's the bride of Christ right here. Amen. You believe you want to put your name there and say, I'm a part I'm a part of that. And you know, as ministers, we're not called to just be in one little place and this is my us three and no more. but rather if we can encourage one another, you know, and as as those of you that are not ministers, but you all have a ministry, our ministry is to Christ. He says, "I've made you kings and priests." Amen. You've got a place. You've got something, a work, and a purpose. God doesn't do anything without a cause, without a purpose behind it. Amen. God always has a reason. So, good to see you, brother Ben. It's good to see you there. I appreciate that song. just in the spirit just allowing the Lord to move. You know, you can do that a lot more in a small church where you can just allow the Lord to move and lead. And thank you for the special this morning, sister. It was wonderful. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Amen. Amen. I wonder if we wouldn't just take our Bibles together and and uh I was just reading in the back there this morning. Let's just go to Hebrews chapter 6. I really wasn't sure where to start, but we'll just kind of take it as the Lord would leave it. I I lead it. I believe this would be pertinent this morning. And Amen. Amen. It's good to see you, brother France. Sister Shauna, where's Brother Paul at? Is he hiding back there behind sister Kathy? There you are, buddy. Sister God bless you. Amen. It's lovely song. Oh daughters of Zion. We got a promise. I where I I go to prepare a place for you that where I am there you may be also. He said if it wasn't so I would have told you. We have this by two immutable things. Number one, God cannot lie. Amen. He told us the truth and he won't lie to us. What a wonderful thing. Hebrews chapter 6, if we would just start in verse one says, "Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection, not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works, and of faith toward God, of the doctrine of baptisms, and of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment. And this will we do if God permit. For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened and have tasted of the heavenly gift and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost and have tasted of the good word of God and the powers of the world to come. What a wonderful taste. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. People that have really felt the presence of God have seen that there is a real God. But he says, "If they would fall away to renew them again unto repentance, seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God aresh, and put him to an open shame. For the earth which drinkketh in the rain, and cometh off upon it, bringeth forth herbs, meat to them by whom it is dressed, receiving receiveth the blessings of from God. But that which beareth thorns and briars is rejected and is nigh unto cursing, whose end is to be burned. But beloved, we are p persuaded better things of you and things that accompany salvation through or though we thus speak. For God is not unrighteous to forget your works and labor of love, which ye have shown toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the saints, and do minister. And ye, we desire that every one of you do show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end, that ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promise. Amen. Let's just bow our heads together one more time. Maybe tonight you just want to welcome the Lord to your seat this morning. And you want to raise your hand as brother Brandham says that would be to defy gravity. You've got to push against the natural elements of the world and press into the kingdom. Maybe you want to raise your hand to the Lord this morning and say, "Father, come meet me in my chair. Come by my way, Lord. Go beyond brother Andrew. Go beyond the people beside me, Lord, and meet me where I am. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we come humbly, Lord, into your presence this morning. So thankful, Father, to be gathered with saints of like precious faith. Lord, thankful, Lord, even for brother Scott, Lord, the simplicity of the prayer this morning, Lord, as he just stood up here and said, "Lord, I want to thank you for the sunshine, Lord." How often we complicate it and if there's not a miracle in our lives, we're hardly thankful. We can't hardly raise our head. But oh God, Lord, you gave us breath in our lungs. Lord, you gave us life, Lord, light to see, Lord. Father, you gave us sunshine to warm us, Lord, to bring forth the good herbs, Lord, and the water upon the soil. And Father, food to eat, Lord, clothes on our back, roofs over our heads. Lord, how grateful we are, Lord. Those are natural things. But Father, you've opened our eyes with spiritual understanding that Lord, we could see the message of the hour. Lord, when there's a world in gross darkness, Lord, groping about, wondering, Lord, to and fro and just grasping at scriptures, not knowing, but Father, you've given us light. You've raised us into heavenly places that we could see. Oh, Father, how lovely you are. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for these wonderful mercies. Thank you for your grace. Thank you for your love. I pray you come by our way today. Meet every need that's here present. Lord, go beyond my own ability. Father, take my voice, my tongue, my thoughts, Lord, my body. Lord Jesus, take it in your hands and use it as you see fit. For, Father, I'm unable in myself to help any one person. But Lord Jesus, you are more than able. Father, we commit them now into your hands in the lovely name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may have your seats if you'd like. As I said, I was just reading in the back and there's notes I have and things, but as as we just wait upon the Lord, you know, you read this in Hebrews chapter 6, Paul begins to speak about different things. And often times we spend so much time laying foundations and wondering. And he says, "But therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on into perfection, not laying again the foundation." In other words, he says, listen, it's not that we do away with them. It's not that we do away with the principles of God. We don't do away with holiness. We don't do away with living right, with justification, with sanctification. We don't even do away with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. All of these things are important, but he says we don't need to lay it every service. We don't need to lay it every day. He says it's time to build. And we've had a master builder in our day as we appreciate and we know we had a prophet that came in our day. Amen. We believe you got it written right there. Leodysia, the church age messenger, brother Brandham. Amen. And he came. He was a a master builder that was able to build upon and not just lay a foundation, but build a house. Build a build turn a corner and not just build a wall, but build a something that could house somebody. Something that you could step into, something that could be a dwelling place, something that God could come into and God could fulfill his word. Amen. He laid, in other words, as it was, the blueprints that you and I could build a house for God. Amen. As he said in in he preached the message, "What house will you build me?" He titled it that thy house. He called in one place. We're looking not just to to to look upon a house. Amen. We don't want to be uh sorry for saying it this way, bums on the street. Looking at somebody in a house saying, "I wish I could." But he says, "What will you do? Will you build a house? We've laid a foundation. You I've repented. I've given my life to Christ. But are you building upon that? Something that goes beyond just a foundation, just a hole in the ground, but rather come to a place of perfection. Amen. Perfection isn't to be without mistake, but rather that that is maybe one interpretation of it, but perfection is also completion. Come to a place of completion. Come to a place where God says, "This is the thoughts that I have towards you." Amen. Because we are a part of the thoughts of God. Amen. God had thoughts that are eternal. I'm just quoting to you out of the church age book. God's thoughts are eternal thoughts. He cannot think a new thought. Amen. He's He's eternal. In other words, if God ever thought of you, you were always on his mind. Amen. You You aren't a thought that he just had one day when you become born. Brother Peter, God didn't think, "Oh, yeah, Peter Girtson." No, you were a thought of God before the foundation of the world. Amen. And this just was the time that God had to manifest that thought. God had to bring you to a place. Amen. Because he had thoughts of Paul. But this isn't Paul's day. Amen. He had thoughts of of of of Irenius. But this isn't Irenous days. He had these thoughts of Polycarp and of Martin and of of Columba and of Luther and all of the different messengers and the saints that would come out in those days. All of them a part of the gentile bride in their age. But in this age, God still had thoughts to be expressed. Amen. And as he says in Romans chapter 8, that all of creation was groaning for the manifestation of the sons of God. Amen. That word there, manifestation, as it reads in Romans chapter 8, you can pick it up when you go home. Romans chapter 8 says, it's manifestation. That's the way the King James version reads it. But if you go back into the Greek, it's the word apocalypsis. In other words, apocalypsis is revelation. that creation was groaning for the revelation of the sons of God. In other words, all through seven ages, there's been sons being made manifest, but the fullness of the revelation of what a son of God is had not yet come. Amen. It took a master builder. It took a prophet to come in our day in this age to bring forth by spiritual revelation what a son of God really is. Who we really are, who we were in the thoughts of God and what we're going back to. Because the only way you can go back to God is to be in the thoughts of God in the first place. Hallelujah. See, what about salvation? Yes, there's those that will be saved, but the bride of Christ is a elected eternal thought of God. Amen. That has come forth in her decreed season. Amen. And we today are living in a in a in a great place, a great plateau of privilege that God has given the revelation of what the sons of God really are. Amen. Not just laying a foundation again, just repent. Just repent. Just get right with God. But go beyond that. Come up into heavenly places. Understand who you really are in God. Understand that all that Adam lost is come back into the hands of the believer. That as he stood there in perfection, as he was there in the Garden of Eden, oh, think of the love that Adam had. Adam lived in perfect perfection, but in all of that perfection, he was looking around and he said, "But I don't have a helpmate, but there's nothing that I could have fellowship with on the same level as me." He could have fellowship with with the lion and with the dog and with the cat and with the the orangutang. He could even have fellowship with the serpent. The serpent in of itself was not evil. It wasn't until Satan entered into it. So he could have fellowship with him and he could talk. But he realized there's nobody that really understands me. I want to help make for myself. And God had to put him to sleep and take from his own side. Take Eve. And because of that, there came such a love that Adam loved Eve that Adam chose. When Eve fell, Adam was not deceived. Eve was deceived. And Adam chose. Hallelujah. He chose to fall. He chose love. He chose the object of his love over perfection. He chose to go out of the garden with Eve because that was the very object of his love. He loved that more. Oh my. Than everything that could be in perfect order. He could speak and it would be and he could do anything because he was the son of God and he was in his perfect state. But he said no without that. And that was the first Adam. By one all man fell, but by one salvation was wrought. The second Adam, Jesus Christ, that when he came forth, why? Because God living in perfection, God living in the seventh dimension, God living where there was no sin, there was nothing that could possibly go wrong. He wasn't content with just being there. The object of his love was lost. The thoughts of God had gone astray. There were thoughts that was being made manifest, but God had to come to redeem them back to himself because he wasn't willing to just be there with no fellowship. God desired fellowship. Well, there's no big eyes or little U's in God. The Bible says there's no bond or free. Sometimes we look at it and we look at a brother that not he understands all mystery and he's he's just got such revelation and we want to be like him and he's such a wonderful brother but that doesn't make him any greater than the one who can't put two sentences together without stumbling over his own words. And the trap of the devil with that man is that he gets lifted up in his knowledge and thinks I'm somebody. And the trap of the devil in the other man is that he gets down on himself and says I'm nobody. No, they're both a son of God. They're both in the thoughts of God. They both are equally as important to God. Amen. Oh my. Felio love. Our love. I I don't I I don't not have any notes this morning. I've got a lot sitting right here, but I'm just kind of preaching. Hope that's okay. Amen. Amen. Felio love is quite easy to get into a trap. Where we love this one because they are more precious to us. They may have done things that please us more than the other person. So we love that person more. That's felio love. That's not God's love. That's a perverted love. Yeah. Brother Brandham says that that felio love will make a man when when someone insults his wife, he'll want to go cute that man because he insulted his wife. That's felio love. But agapo love doesn't do that. A goppo love would have that man pray for the other man because that's the love of God that God looks at. He says it does to him. He loves them because they're his. We love him because he first loved us. Amen. The Bible says in John 3:16, God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. And and the world of the the nominal church takes that scripture on such a face value and they want to say God loved the world. God loves everybody. And you can take it at that value, but it's showing you deeper into the thoughts of God. God loved his creation, not the perversion. God loved the world. The one that he said in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth and he saw that it was good. Amen. God loved that and he just gave his only begotten son for what purpose? To redeem it back to the original creation. To redeem fallen souls back to what they were always meant to be. So that you as a son of God could come back to what Adam lost. So that you could speak like Adam could speak. So that you could believe like Adam could believe. So you could have faith. So that Christ in you, the hope of glory, wouldn't just be just a hope, but it would be a faith. Because faith is a revelation. Hope is an expectation. When you have hope of something, you have an expectation of that thing to come to pass. But a revelation of something is a reality. It's something that's real to you. It goes beyond just what I'm expecting them, but you know it's going to happen because that's what faith does. Faith is the substance of things hoped for. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. We're not laying again the foundation of of repentance from dead works and of faith toward God, of the doctrines of baptism, of laying on of hands, and of resurrection of the dead and of eternal judgment. In other words, he's saying, "Listen, these things are a foundational doctrine. The doctrines of baptism, repent every one of you, be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." He says, "That's foundational." So, when people get all worked up, I'm just going to say it this way. I hope I have enough liberty here. When people get all worked up and say, "Well, you know, the denominational churches, they're really good people." They are good people, but they're still fighting over the right way to be baptized. The Bible says that's a foundation. They haven't got past pouring the concrete in the hole. They're still trying to figure out, do you need the keyway? Do you make the 90° here? What do we use? 2x4s, 2x6, 2x8? I don't know. He says that's foundational. It's the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. He says, "And of the resurrection of the dead." The Sadducees couldn't get past that. They couldn't. The Pharisees believed that in the resurrection, the Sadducees didn't believe. That's why they were sad, you see, because they didn't believe that you could be resurrected from the dead. They didn't see all that. They couldn't go past just a foundational doctrine. They were stuck on that. Lord, help us that we don't become stuck on something. Amen. He says, "And of eternal judgment, that God is the judge." Amen. That God has eternal salvation. God has eternal judgment. We can't get past. What are they still stuck on? Is there really predestination? How could somebody be predestinated? How could somebody else be lost? And do they not even the mind of God? No, they weren't. But all life comes from God. Uh-huh. Because God's the giver of life. But God also put laws in place. He says, "But it's impossible." He says, "And this will we do if God permit." In other words, listen, we can't get beyond the foundation if it wasn't for God. That's why they're still struggling. Many people are still struggling over the foundation because they kicked God out. That's what Revelations chapter 3 says. He's on the outside of the church knocking, trying to get back in. They kicked Christ out and then they're trying to get beyond the finishes. If God permit, we'll get beyond it. But without God, we're not going to get beyond that. It takes Christ. It takes that original revelation that you must be born again. Amen. It takes the spirit of God, the comforter to lead and guide you into all truth. Amen. That's not some fuzzy wuzzy wish I was a but rather it's the living God coming into an individual and making it a reality more real than what you see with your eyes. Amen. That the six sense goes beyond the five senses of the flesh. They said, "I don't smell it. I don't see it. I don't hear it. I don't touch it. I don't any of these things." But the six sense says it's real. Just like it was for Abraham who believed in hope against hope. Against hope, he believed in hope. In other words, when people said there is no hope. How can you expect to have a child? Abraham says, "I'm expecting it any day now because he said so." Regardless of what the senses say, regardless of the deadness of Sarah's womb, regardless of how much anybody would want to say, it's impossible. God says it's possible and with God all things are possible. Amen. To him who would believe all things are possible. Oh hallelujah. It's impossible though for those who were once enlightened. Oh my. It's impossible for those who God showed himself to who God shone the light upon them and they tasted of the heavenly gift. They were made partakers of the Holy Ghost. Oh my. But they couldn't go all the way. They couldn't surrender themselves to it. They tasted of it. They seen that it was real. They knew that it was true. They knew that there was a kingdom to come. They tasted the good word of God and the powers of the world to come. Think of Judas for a minute. A man that tasted the powers of the kingdom that was to come. a man that God gave him. Christ gave him power to go and cast out devils and he was with them rejoicing as they came back and they said they were rejoicing when they came back to Jesus said and the devils are subject to us. Jesus says don't rejoice because of that but rejoice because your names are written in heaven. Amen. There's a greater rejoicing than just, oh my, the devils are such. Of course, there's something to do. I beheld Satan fall from heaven as lightning. I was the one that kicked him out of heaven. Of course, when I give you power over him, he has to go because there's no other name, the name of Jesus Christ. It has to happen that way. I was there in the beginning. I was there that kicked him out. I'm the one that's here to redeem you back to where I was. That where I am, you may be also. Hallelujah. He says, "Show us the Father." He says, "I've been so long with you and you haven't known me. The Father's right here." Oh, glory be to God. He says they tasted of it. Judas tasted of it, but oh, he couldn't go all the way. He couldn't, in other words, get rid of his own ideas to go with it. He had to figure it out. Judas figuring it out thought he could betray Jesus for money and Jesus would get through it. This is the way Satan always works. He never shows you the end result. He works in your reasonings to try and make you think it's going to work out all right. If you just do this and before you know it, the Bible says sin will take you further than you want to go. Sin will take you further than you ever conceived that it would. But you know the beautiful thing about it, the grace of God, no matter how deep in sin you are, his grace can reach you. Amen. Amen. Judas could have had time to repent right there at the last supper when Jesus said, "The one that I saw that I hand this up to." Haven't you ever wondered why didn't Judas say, "No, thank you. I'm out." Because there was something in there that just couldn't. Just I I just have to do this. Why the predition? the son of predition. The evil one entered into him in that moment. He gave himself over to a different spirit. Regardless of the power, regardless of all of the the the goodness of God, the word of God that he's he manifested and the the thousands healed. And John would say the books couldn't contain it. If we wrote all the miracles that Christ did, all of the wonderful things, it couldn't contain the whole of it. Judas was there for that. But blessed are your eyes. Blessed are you who have not seen and yet believe. Blessed are you who have not seen. I I was wasn't there in the meetings of brother Brandham. I wasn't there for all of these mighty miracles. I wasn't there in the time of Christ, but I believe it. I know it's true. I know it's real because God showed me. Because God made it real. There's a faith in my heart that goes beyond the five senses. He says, "That's an that's a foundational doctrine, eternal judgment, that God knew who Judas was and he chose him anyways." Hallelujah. He says, "If they should fall away, it's impossible for them if they should fall away to renew them again to repentance. For they crucify to themselves the son of God aresh and put him to an open shame. The Brown preaches the message and he says he's either on your heart or he's on your hands. Talks about Pilate, how Pilate tried to wash the blood of Christ off his hands. He said couldn't do it. No matter how hard he tried, there was no way that water could wash that blood from his hands. So you need to accept him into your heart. He says, "For the earth which drinkketh in the rain, the earth," in other words, Paul begins to draw a type and a parable to show there's something that that shows when the earth receives rain, it brings forth hurts. He said, "But yet when some people receive the reign of the Holy Ghost and the blessings of God, they refuse to bring forth." He says, "But the earth also will bring forth thorns." Right? How many you ever grown a garden before? How many of you planted thorns? How many all planted the quack grass and all the things that you just can't wait to get out of there? But it comes anyways. It's just there and it's growing up and you got your potatoes and you got your corn, you got everything else. You're like, man, this is fantastic, but I always out there weeding, pulling it out, getting rid of this. It's choking out the life. It's taking the nutrients. It's getting rid of the things that should go into my vegetables that I would one day eat, but now I got all this junk growing up with. I didn't plant you here. He says, "But it happens." It's the same thing. God says, "In the last days, I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh." Some will bring forth thorns and thistles. Some will bring forth the good wheat and the grain. It's going to happen. He says, "But they'll grow together until the end time. But the end of the thorns and thistles is to be burned. But not that's not the end of the wheat. That's not the end of the corn. That's not the end of the good harvest." I wonder if we wouldn't turn with me to Isaiah chapter 55. If you would chapter 55 says, my Bible titles this as the great invitation. It says, "Oh, everyone that thirsteth, come ye to the waters. It doesn't differentiate and say, "Well, the good ones will take at the waters. The bad ones, you stay away. Everyone that's thirsty. If you want more of God, come to the waters." If you need more of Christ, come to the water. He says, "And he that hath no money, sorry, it's too expensive for you." No, it says, "Come, ye, buy, and eat." He says, "But I don't have no money." In other words, you can't buy it with money. It's free. Come and eat. Yay. Come and buy wine and milk without money and without price. What an invitation. Come and dine. The master callth. Come and dine. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. Amen. Is it all saints feeding there? No. There was a Judas at the table. There was somebody else. But says there's three kinds of believers in every church. They're there feasting and picking and choosing. I want this. I don't want that. I'll take this, but don't take that. But there's a real believer that's saying, "Lord, fill my cup. Fill my plate. Let me eat it all. Whatever you have for me, Lord, I want to take it all in. Come on down. I don't have anything to offer. I don't got money. I don't got anything of value, but you're going to give me the wine, the stimulation of revelation." Oh, even so, come Lord Jesus. Says, "Wherefore do you spend money for that which is not bread?" Oh, isn't that just a type of our day? people feeding on all kinds of things, spending money on subscriptions for all kinds of spiritual food, but it isn't spiritual food. It's just poison. How many of you want to go in at a restaurant that just feeds rat poison? 50 bucks a plate. Here, take my money. No, you wouldn't do that. What? What was wrong with this place? You guys are insane. Well, that's the war we're living in. here. You pay for this subscription, that subscription. You watch sports and it comes with all of the entertainments and the commercials and you can watch movies and you can watch Netflix and you can go ahead on this one and this social media and that one and this one and all these different things. You spend money for something that ain't feeding your soul, but it's killing you. He says, "You spend money for that which is not bread, and your labor for that which satisfaithth not. Hearken diligently unto me. Eat ye that which is good, and let your soul delight itself in fatness. Incline your ear, and come unto me, hear, and your soul shall live." Faith comes by hearing, hearing by the word of God. Hallelujah. You need to hear the word. Why do we preach on some things? so often. Why? Because faith comes by hearing. Why do we preach you must be born again so often? Because faith comes by hearing. Faith is a revelation. You're not going to get that revelation unless you hear it. The rest is how would they heard? And but the Bible says Paul teaches how would they hear unless somebody went and preached. Unless there was a minister to go and share the gospel. How would they hear it? It takes somebody to minister the word of God. So that way there could be a hearing of the word. Amen. Not just a written word, but a spoken word that would take a re residence in your soul that you could believe on it and rejoice in the fatness of it that you should live. And I will make you an everlasting covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David. Behold, I have given him for a witness to the people, a leader and commander to the people. Behold. Oh my David. We've heard. We've received the son of David. Jesus Christ. The real general. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Sometimes we get a little too worked up about other men. That man's a general. That man's a general. We have one general. That's Christ. Amen. If he decides to use a man to lead God's people, wonderful. That's Christ. Sorry, I just threw that in there. If you want to throw that out, take it as a pit. That's fine. He says, "Behold, thou shalt call a nation that thou knowest not. And nations that knew thee knew not thee shall run unto thee, because the Lord thy God, and for the holy one of Israel, for he said, for he hath glorified thee." People who didn't know God, who's that? Gentiles, nations that didn't know God. That's you and me, brothers, sisters. But he says, "I'm calling them, and they'll run to the Lord." Amen. Seek ye the Lord while he may be found. Call ye upon him while he is near. That's why we encourage you at the end of a service while Lord is near. If you need something, just raise your hand. Just come to the altar. Call on God. Call on him while he is near. Don't wait till you're out there again and going, "Oh, God, why didn't I?" No. Do it now. Take what you have need of. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Amen. He says, "Let the wicked forsake his way and the unrighteous man his thoughts. Let him return unto the Lord, and he will have mercy upon him. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let the unrighteous man I've walked in a perverse way, Brother Andrew. Then turn to God. Repent of your ways. Go back unto him. Amen. He says, "He will have mercy upon him and the Lord, and he will abundantly pardon. For my thoughts are not your thoughts." Amen. Neither are your ways my ways, sayaeth the Lord. Hallelujah. He's got a higher way. I'm talking about in Isaiah, we're talking about there's a way and there is a highway. Amen. Not a four-lane highway, but there is a highway. A place that God says none can walk up there, but the pure in heart. Amen. He says, "And as the heavens are higher than the earth, my ways are higher than your ways, my thoughts than your thoughts, but as the rain cometh down." I love this scripture. Sometimes we stop at the one before. Yep. God's higher than us. We'll never understand. But as the rain, for as the rain cometh down, and and the snow from heaven and returnneeth not thither. Oh, hallelujah. Once God gives a revelation, he doesn't pull it back again. Ah, they weren't ready for it. No, no. Once he gives it, he says, "Receive it. Don't let it go to waste. I've given it to you. As it comes down, I'm not pulling it back up. It's for you. Drink it up. You can't buy it. Drink the wine. Drink it to rejoice in the fatness." He says, "As the rain cometh down the snow from heaven and returneth not thither, but waterth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud." I love how it says and it gives it doesn't say it gives it a chance. Says it makes it. It makes it. A believer can't help it. The good soil can't help but produce. There's something about a real believer that can't help but say amen because it's a predestinated seed that God put in there that when the word goes forth, it responds. Something on the inside, deep, deep on the inside that when it hears the word, it just says amen. Amen. I don't know how. I don't know why. I don't understand it. I can't explain it. But it's true. Amen. He says, "It makes it bring forth and bud that it may give seed to the sewer and bread to the eater." Other words, it's not just for beauty. It's got a purpose. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. It will not return unto me void. Amen. Hallelujah. It shall accomplish that which I please. It shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it. God will have a bride. Amen. He will have a perfect, spotless, virtuous virgin bride because he sent forth the message of Malachi 4. He sent forth the seventh angel messenger that all the mystery of God should be finished. He says, "And it will it will prosper in the thing where I sent it to." Amen. Eleazar did not come back to Abraham saying, "I couldn't find nobody." No, he went and he found a Rebecca. He went and he found somebody. How did he find her? He prayed. He got on his knees and he had relationship with God. Amen. And he asked God, "Lord, let it be the right way one." That when I would ask, she would say, "Let me water your camel." And all the grace of God that he goes up to the first one. The Bible doesn't record anybody else. It's the first one that heard the word. God isn't wasting his time. Amen. He's not looking for another bride. Maybe we're not the first one. Maybe it's got to be. No, you're the one. God's not going to get rid of you and say, "All right, you didn't get it. Somebody else." know you're the one that said, "Yeah, I'll give you a drink and let me water your camels, too. Let me give glory where glory is due." Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. says, "For ye shall go out with joy and be led forth with peace, and the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing. And all the trees and the field shall clap their hands. Instead of the thorn shall come up the fur tree." Amen. And instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree. And it shall be to the Lord for a name and an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord that he will go forth. And he says, "This one, if the tree of life ever puts forth another branch, it will write a book of acts behind it." Amen. He says, "Men been plenty of them to be grafted in, grafted in." He says, "But this last day bride is a new branch that has come forth out of straight out of Christ. I am the vine. You are the branches. Amen. What does it produce? The original fruit. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. It produces the original fruit. Exactly what Adam was. Exactly what Eve was. This is the second Eve. And the B and Brother Brandon says, "This Eve will not fall." Oh, hallelujah. There's been brides, brides, churches, churches. But there's coming a bride. And she's here today. She's the first one that has received. There's been a lot that have heard, but the first one that received it into her heart, cuz that seed once it takes place into the soul, you can't receive another seed. There can't be another impregnation. Once she's pregnant with the word of God, she will bring forth the unadulterated pure word of God. Amen. There will be a fruit that will come forth just like it was a Solomon. That'll bring forth. Think of it that oh my lord who you have time for this. You with me still that as David looked out over and seen Bashibba, we look at it so many times from such a negative angle because David did approach it wrong. David desired to have Bashibba. But who is Bashibba? Bashibba was a Jew but she was married to a gentile. You as a son and daughter of God but the B says you always were a son. Other words your first nature was not gentile. Who you really are is heavenly. You're a heavenly being. But brother Brandham would say and in and in in I think it's invisible union or or it's in uh who is this MelkiseDC. He says but you are married by your first nature. You're married to this gentile nature. Amen. By your first birth, sorry. You're married to this gentile nature. Just like Bashibba was married to a gentile, but the king had desired her. You were born a natural birth buried to a gentile. But the king desired you because he saw something in you that wasn't gentile. It was him. It was what he desired all along. So he Christ made a way. The son of David made a way for you to kill your first nature. The says you can't just divorce it and come back to it. You can't. it'll produce a bastard child. That's the way it was with Basheba. That first child that was born, it had to die. Why? Because her first husband was still alive when it was conceived. It couldn't be the one. But when that husband was dead, and there was a union between the king and Basheba. Then there came forth one that brought on the millennium, a Solomon. Oh, hallelujah. When we die to ourselves and the first husband is dead, then we come into union with Jesus Christ. And that will produce the millennium seed that will pull the bride out of the world and right into a rapture. Oh, how he desires to be with you. Amen. Remember I preached a whole service and multiple times, multiple services actually around the world called thy husband calleth for thee. God desires to be with you. He wants fellowship with you. He's calling for you. He whom he forneew, he did predestinate to be conformed into the image of his son. Whom he did predestinate, he is also what? Called. And them who he called, he also justified. And them who he's justified, he has also glorified. Oh, hallelujah. When he justified you, it wasn't just as though. Brother Brandham says, "What is justification?" He says, "It's as though you never did it in the first place." But justification actually has two parts. It goes beyond that. Because to justify means to mean means to make make something just or to to to uh approve your choosing. When God justified you, he didn't just take away all the sin, but he said, "I'm justifying my choice. I'm justifying my calling that I have called you. And now by taking away your sin, I'm showing you it was me that did the calling. I'm showing you it was me that that did the choosing. It was me that did the election. Amen. And it's me that's already now not justified you, but has already glorified you." Because in the mind of God, it is a finished work. Let me say it this way. In the thoughts of God, you are not a sinner. In the thoughts of God, you are a son and daughter of God. You are a perfect, a completely whole son and daughter of God. As the Bible says in Hebrews chapter 6, it says, "Beloved, we are persuaded better things of you." Amen. Beloved, we're persuaded you will not taste and run away. You will not taste and not be able to renew again. But we are persuaded better things of you that you will be able to come to perfection because the thoughts of God of you are perfect thoughts. Amen. There's no perversion in God. Hallelujah. There's no perversion in God. He's a creator and he has created you a new creature in Christ Jesus by the power of his blood. Oh, if we don't have the token applied, I'd suggest we get it there. I'm persuaded better things of you. If you flip over in your Bible to Hebrews chapter 12, maybe we won't read too much of it, but it says it talks about the mountain that the Hebrews came to as they came to Mount Si and how that if anyone would touch it, how that they would be killed and how all of these things would happen. And it says in the sound, excuse me, and for ye, but he says, you are not come to the mount that might be touched. Amen. They came to a mountain that God had to tell them, don't touch it, but you are not come to that mountain. Hallelujah. Says, you are come to a different mountain. Remember there was a there was a vision that that that the or a dream that the king had of an image Nebuchadnezzar and Daniel interpreted the dream of an image that had a head of gold and it had silver and had brass and had iron and had feet. But he said in the end there was a rock that was hewing out without hands. And that rock came down and it shattered the the the whole image and the image was like a chaff from the wheat that was spread out in the wind. But what happened to that rock? It grew up into what? A mountain. a kingdom that cannot be destroyed. He says, "But you are come." He says, "You are not come to that mountain." He says, "And unto the and that bird to the mountain that might be touched with hands," he says, "and the burning of fire, nor the blackness, nor the darkness, nor the tempest, and of the sound of trumpets, and the voice of words, which voice they heard, which voice they that heard and treated, that the word might not be spoken to them anymore." Oh my, what a thought. We knew it was God's provided way. But God spoke out of the darkness, out of the mountain, and they said, "Don't let God speak anymore. Let Moses speak." But he says, "But I'm bringing it back around to something." Says, "For they could not endure that which was commanded. And if so much as the beast touch the mountain, it shall be stoned or thrust through with a dart. And so terrible was the sight thereof that Moses said, I exceedingly fear and quake." says, "But you are come unto Mount Zion." Amen. You are come to a spiritual mountain. You are come to one. He says, in other words, you didn't come. Look at what he lists out. You didn't come to the one that can be touched, the burning of fire, the blackness, the darkness, the tempest, the sound of trumpets, the voice of words, the voice that they heard and that that heard and treated that the word should not be spoken anymore. He says, "You're not come to these. Don't look for outward signs. Don't look, I need outward manifestation. I need this. I need that. He says, you're not come to that mountain. You're come to a different mountain. Well, just like Paul said, Hebrews chapter 6, the foundation of laying on of hands. Sometimes we need that. And we need to go back to that. That's still in the promise. But he says that was for the Jews. The Gentiles were to have faith in the word of God, to believe the word that's spoken, and it happened right there. Yes, the Bible is still true. It says, "Lay their hands upon the sick and they shall recover." It still applies. But you as being called as the son of God can go beyond that to step up in say Lord I claim it for myself cuz I have come to a mountain one that I can step into a spiritual mountain mount Zion that I am a part of to the city of the living God and the heavenly Jerusalem and to an innumerable company of angels to the general assembly of the of the and church of the firstborn which are written in heaven and to God the judge of all and to the spirit of just man made perfect. Oh, we could spend forever on each and every one of those. Says and the Jesus and to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant and to the blood of sprinkling that speaketh better things. Amen. I am persuaded better things of you because not why? Not because you're so great or I'm so great, but because of the blood of Jesus Christ that speaks better things than that of Abel speaks better things. Other words, it's not judgment, it's grace. Amen. See that you refuse not him that speaketh. For if they couldn't escape him that spake on earth, how much more shall we not escape? If we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven, whose voice then shook the earth, but now shall shake the not the earth only, but also heaven. And this word yet once more signify the removing of those things that are shaken. Amen. If you're not in Christ, there's a shaking. But why is it when I'm in Christ, I I don't feel this? I don't feel that. I I've wondered it sometimes and I've got around people go, "Are you sure about this? What about this? Have what about that?" and politics this and this one that and Trudeau and Carney and Trump and this and that and you look at it and you're shaking and you're worried and you're trembled and I go I don't worry me. I don't know why. It just doesn't. Why? Because I'm hidden away. There's a greater peace that's deeper than that. All these things and there are things you need to sometimes understand because we still live in this world. But rather, there's a piece that goes deeper to know that what it's God that gives and God that takes away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Just like Job who had to say that a man that had everything. And God took it all away. And what did he say? The Lord give, the Lord took away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. And then God when he came to that revelation, when he God come down, oh, think of it. I'm feel like I'm all over the place. I trust this is okay. But when Job was there all down in the dumps, God came to him. He had three friends that came. They became known as accusers. You did this wrong. You did that wrong. You did this wrong. You did that wrong. Sometimes God lets us get to those low spots. But I'm I'm a son of God and I know I ought to be living above the world. Uhhuh. You ought to. But sometimes God leads us because he's wants to try you. What son is he who does not endure to chastisement? You have to go through that. You have to go through that chastisement. You know what that is? That's God saying, "You're worthy." That's God saying, "You're worth my time. You're worth the discipline." We discipline our own children after our own nature. As fathers and as mothers, we do that. Why? Because they're worth our time. We want to raise them, right? Amen. Brother Zigg, you raised Brother Steven, right? You raised Sister Ramona. You did a wonderful job. Your children, why? But they they required discipline, didn't they? They're not here, so I'll pick on them. They they they required that kind of discipline. They took that. Why? But they were worth your time. It was worth it in the end when you look at you see what God's using them for and doing different things. But you look and say, "Praise God. I I had a little part in that because I was able to raise them in the nurture and admonition of the Lord." Thank God for that. But God's saying, "You're worth my time. I'm going to put you through trials to try you and to make it hard on you. Why? Because you're worth my time to make sure my character is molded in you. to make sure that this gold that is tried in what? The fire. I counsel of you to buy of me gold tried in the fire. He said that's a that's a commandment to this age. You need the character of Christ. You need to get there. How am I going to do it? Suffering. That's exciting. But it's going to happen. How many ever had a trial? Yeah, we've all been there. We've all had those times we feel like, Lord, is this ever going to end? Job went through those kind of times. Lord, is this ever going to end? But God finally stood up and said, "Where were you, Job? Where were you when the sons of God shouted for joy? Where were you when I hung the morning star? Where were you when all these things happened?" Job begin to something begin to strike on the inside. That's right. This little life of mine, it isn't worthy to be compared with the glory that shall be revealed in us. Amen. The Bible says it has not even entered into the hearts of men. The things that God has prepared for them that love him. Oh, it makes me so excited when I listen to future home and brother Brandon begins to describe because you know what that says to me. It's better than that because it hasn't entered into the hearts of men. When I see a minister get up and he begins to talk about the streets of gold and how the the the river of life and the tree of life and the bride dwelling and the home that he's prepared for you. I go, "Man, that's amazing. It's better than that." Cuz it hasn't entered his heart either. So, I love fellowshipping on it. You just tell me the best. You just describe it the best way you can because I want it to be better than that. Oh, how wonderful God is. His ways are higher than our ways. His thoughts are higher than our thoughts, but in due season they come down. And we're living in such a time that the former latter rain are falling together. Oh my. And God is bringing forth a harvest that is fit for the gardener. Oh, doesn't he love you? He says, "Wherefore we receive a kingdom which cannot be moved. Let us stomp on everybody else and tell them how much better we are than them." No, it says, "Let us have grace." Oh Lord, help us. Let us have grace whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear. For our God is a consuming fire. Beloved, I am persuaded better things of you. Oh, let's just bow our heads together. We've been down the road a long ways, some longer than others. I feel like I'm very young. I haven't been a long ways down. But when you look back and you stand, you look back at life, you realize, Lord, you've brought me through a lot of things. Been through trials, been through hardships. But in all of it, I want to ask you this question. Where were you? Where were you when the sons of God shouted for joy? Were you there? I can't put you there. That's a personal revelation. That's between you and God that you could look up to him and say, "Lord, I know that you could stand that day like Job vision and see. I know my redeemer lives. And though the skin wor my skin worms destroy this flesh, yet in my flesh shall I see God. I know, Lord. I I've repented and I I've been baptized. I believe I've received the gift of the Holy Ghost. But I the spirit I've received isn't just about birth. It's about adoption. It's about going on to perfection. It's about coming into the image of Jesus Christ. It's about being the manifestation of the thoughts that he had of me. So brother Benham would say in one place he said when we change when we take a body change it just changes these five senses because we become so much like him. Oh hallelujah. As first John chapter 3 says when we see him we'll know him because we'll be like him. will have so fed upon and feasted upon and drank of the wine of revelation and rejoiced in the fatness and just feasted at his table that when it comes to that day said Lord you and I we're one as the prophet said she's him she's flesh of his flesh he's bone of his bone spirit of his spirit life of his life and when we change from mortal to immortality it's just this coral body that drops away and we pick empathy off anybody that you're hearing from it this morning. I trust I can't bring you to any place, but I encourage you this morning. If you need an experience with God, seek it with all your heart. If you need the baptism of the Holy Ghost, if you're there's anything in your heart that you want to say, "Lord, I don't know if I have it." Make sure you know. Don't leave it to chance. Don't leave it to maybe. Don't leave it to just well the pastor said, the preacher said, but I need to know down in my soul that it's Christ in me, the hope of glory. Heavenly Father, Lord, as these closing comments, Lord, and just not at all how I expected the service to go this morning. prepared some notes and thought I'd preach just on hope. But Lord, you you're sitting in the back reading the scripture. You just took it in a different way. Brought to my remembrance a number of things. Father, I pray Lord, you just make it more real to our hearts. Lord, we plant in another waters, but you're the one that gives the increase, Lord. Father, I pray Lord as Lord, Brother Moses, Brother Zigg, Lord, how they've planted, Brother Zigg, how he's labored for years, Lord, in the lives of many of these believers here. Bless him, Father. Be his portion, Lord. Remember Sister Anita, oh God, been such a faithful wife and how you've loved her, how you've kept her. Lord, may you be her portion. I pray remember her, Lord, in this time of transition, Lord, in this assembly. and brother Moses and Sister Sharifa. Lord, I pray you give them grace. Lord, not just in your eyes, but in the eyes of the people. Father, may you be glorified. May you be at the center of every decision. Be at the center, Father, of every service, of every life that's here, Lord. Father, may there be a revival here in restored word. Lord, may it go deeper, Lord Jesus, than just a surface, Father. But Lord, let it bring souls to you, Lord. May this little lighthouse shine brighter than ever before, Father. Lord, we commit them into your hands, Lord. Each one that's here under the sound of my voice, recognizing, Lord, that they're your sons, they're your daughters, Lord. You said you started the work and you'll be faithful to finish it. Lord Jesus, I pray you bring them, Lord, to a place, Lord, where you could say, "That's that's my son. That's my thought expressed. That's exactly as I seen it. That's the one, Lord Jesus. Bring that forth here in this assembly, I pray. Use Brother Moses, Lord, in a mighty way. Father, bring us, Lord, beyond the foundation. Bring us into perfection, we ask. We commit it into your hands, Lord. commit the words to each one that's here in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. You know that song with the Peter Psalms 34. I sought the Lord. Yeah. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. [Music] Amen. We'll just wait for the words. It'll show up here. Here we go. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me. Let's stand together from every fear. Those who look on him are radiant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. Oh, and the Lord heard me and saved me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saints. Oh, he will deliver them. He will deliver them. Magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. That the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides it. Oh, fear the Lord. for all your saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Glorify the Lord. Come exalt his name forever. Magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name. together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, isn't that wonderful? Amen. Amen. How we ought to seek him with all our hearts. Amen. Seek him diligently with your whole heart and he will be found of you. Amen. I'm going to invite brother Moses to come. Why don't we just sing that that little course together? I love him. I love him because he first loved me. Amen. Amen. I love him. Oh, I love him. Just raise your hands for him and let him know, Lord, I love you. Because he first loved me and purchase my salary [Music] history. Sing that once more as the Moses takes a moment. Oh, I love him. [Music] I love you because he first love me [Music] my salation. [Music] Oh Calary Street, think about him that you love him. The one gave his life for you. He died for you. Now he comes in the form as a as a brother, a sister is still the Lord Jesus Christ. He's the word of God. You love him. Let's just sing once again. I love him. I love him. I love him. I love him. [Music] is because he first love me [Music] salvation. [Music] Oh God, the prophet says, "I love my wife so much that I could never think to do anything wrong towards her." If we feel your love, he couldn't do could not think to do anything against his wife, how much more I bow love. If we love the Lord, there's nothing we like to do that will be unpleasing to him. So, we desire to be pleasing to our Lord. Can we sing that song? Pleasing, pleasing, pleasing, pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing [Music] to you. Look, Lord, I'm praying. Let everything I be soon be pleasing. Oh Lord and to you. Once again pleasing. I desire to be pleasing to you Lord. pleasing pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do [Music] pleasing [Music] to you, Lord. Let everything I pursue be pleasing. follow unto you [Music] in the moment like this. I sing out a song. I sing out a song to Jesus. In moments like this, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Oh, see I love you. We love you, Father. We love singing. I love you, Lord. We love you, Lord. The more singing, I love you, Lord. I love you. singing. Oh, singing I love you, Lord. [Music] Sing. We love you, Lord. We love you. singing. I love you. [Music] I love you. As the music is playing softly, let each one of us pray to the Lord and just tell him how much you love him. Father, Lord, we thank you once again this morning. Father, I praise your name. Father, we glorify your name. We want to tell you we love you. We appreciate you, Father, for the word this morning as you spoke to our heart, Father, Lord Jesus Christ, in such a great way, Lord, that came directly into our soul, Father. Thank you. We see redemption, Lord. We see redemption in our lives. We see our father Lord Adam alone had to forsake everything had to forsake perfection had to forsake the garden of Eden the place where there was no sickness he knew what would come next but father because of redemption it was stronger because he want to express something that was in God only the love he had for his wife that love only father was reflecting the same love you were you have for us father that you left the glory you came down to our level is to receive us Lord. Express your love towards us. We love you because you first love us. Father Lord, oh Lord, in return, we want to love you more. We want to give you everything. Want to surrender ourself to you, Lord. We want to give you time the same way that you took time for us. You continue to have time for us. We want to have time for you, Father. Thank you. Thank you Lord that you didn't let us stop at the foundation but you are bringing us Lord to a higher level to the perfection to the capstone in the love of God. Thank you Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you father for for killing our old husband our gentile husband but bring us back Lord to you yourself Lord so that we can produce oh Lord rapture we can produce the only change we can produce adoption. Thank you Lord Jesus Christ. We love you Lord. Thank you father. Bless all the people this morning. Bless the servant of God that you might this morning father that inspiration to practice heart and father Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. Oh, singing I love you, Lord. [Music] Sing I love you, Lord. [Music] I love you, Lord. I love you. Let's give it a [Applause] [Music] name. Wonderful. It was good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Wonderful. God bless you richly, brother Andrew. Andrew is a colleague of mine. We continue to work. We work together and I'm glad even here in transition period. We still work together for the kingdom of God. Amen. I appreciate him a lot. I love him a lot. He's a he's a he's if you can put it not not him. He's he's the perfection of a young man, an adopted young man. Can see the example of God working in his life and even Oh, he's just if all the young people can become like him. Oh, it will be wonderful. Amen. God bless him richly. I love him. I appreciate him. I appreciate his ministry. I appreciate his his wife and the children. And uh we we have we are close. And so it was in my heart to to invite him. and uh and uh well we continue to invite him. We love him and God bless him richly and it was just so good. It's time of revelation of sons and daughters of God. Amen. It's a time where the life has to be manifested. We we thank God that we didn't stop at the foundation. God did not stop with us only at the foundation only at the principles but God is bringing us to adoption to the capstone to the perfection. Sometimes takes trials but is building the character so that we can reflect Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank God for that. Thank you. Wonderful service this morning. It was good that uh we came to the church. Amen. As you mentioned, I was on call. Uh I'm call I don't want to have one end, one foot in, one foot out. But I thank God's grace kept me in the service for all service and I enjoy the whole service. Amen. So thank God for that. Amen. Thank God I'm free. Thank God I'm free. Brother Andrew preach sung that that last time and it was good. Can we sing that for long? Help me that down the road. My heart was so heavy. Then I heard them Jesus. What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad I found out he could bring me out his saving power. Thank God I am free from this world of sin. [Music] Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Music] Hallelujah. By his wonderful grace. So glad I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. [Music] I'll prison. I take his fun like a blind man that God gave back his son like a cool wrenched be that forune. [Music] I'm so glad I found out he could bring me an ancient. Thank God I'm free. Oh, thank God I am free. Free. Free from his sin. I'm washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm singing my wonderful grace. Glad I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. And show me the way. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. Save by his wonderful grace. So now he could bring me out and show me the way. Show me the way. Amen. Let's give a holy little praise be to God. Amen. Think about it. Imagine that you were blind. You couldn't see and everything and you met the Lord Jesus Christ. You open your eyes. You can't explain how. Open your eyes, but you can say, "Thank God I'm free. Thank God I can see." Amen. That's what the message has done in our lives. Open our eyes to the word of God. Amen. Can't you see why I'm so happy? I don't know if you know it, brother. Yeah. Can't you see why I'm so happy? I'm accepting the word of the Lord. [Music] reveal the word that was spoken [Music] by the prophet of man like Can't you see why I'm so happy? Can't you see why I'm so happy? I'm accepting the word of the Lord, the revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of my like I [Music] not everyone is qualified to see the word of Malachi 4. But God has ordained you, has chosen you, nothing can stop that. Amen. The prophet says, if you have that revelation in your heart, even the gates of hell cannot prevail against that revelation. That importance of revelation to the believer can never overemphasize. Amen. Amen. We thank God for the revelation. As we invite Pastor Zeke to pray for the for the end of service, let's sing it once again. Can't you see why? Can't you see why I'm so happy? [Music] I'm accepting the word of the Lord. [Music] The revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of my like I fought. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. What a message. Can you say amen? Amen. Hallelujah. You know, I thank God for the foundation. Amen. We have a solid foundation. That's true. Amen. But we've got to go beyond that foundation. Amen. We got to build that building, the building of God. Amen. And you are a lively stone. Can you say amen? Amen. Lord Jesus, this morning we thank you for brother Andrew that has yielded his heart and life, Lord, to bring the word of God to us this morning. Thank you, Lord God, that you led on this pathway because, Lord, we believe in the foundation. We need the Holy Spirit. We need the token. But Lord, we got to go beyond and have that brotherly love and brotherly kindness in our heart. Uh for so that full stature of a perfect can be Lord Jesus come to a completion Lord. We thank you this morning. Bless our brother richly Lord and use him mightily Lord in the coming days Lord in in at end time message Lord just bless him abundantly. We ask it in Jesus' name. And we thank you for the fellowship that we can have one another. And that is possible only because you are living inside of us, Lord. Because Lord Jesus, we have a kinship one to another. We are sons and daughters of God. And we're so happy for that. Lord, we thank you this morning that we can be gathered together in your name because we heard in your name there's power. In your name there is salvation. in there. Your name is joy and there's deliverance and all these different things and we thank you for that. Bless everyone that has come out, Lord. And may you put it in everyone's heart, Lord Jesus, to come to the services, Lord. May that desire be there to eat of your word and drink from your fountain. May we not stay home, Lord Jesus. Yes, there is exceptions and but Lord, I pray that you would just help us all just to gather together. Uh Lord, getting ready for the coming of the Lord because I believe like we heard it's close by. It's at hand. Oh God, there's no more delays. It's right at hand. And Lord Jesus, we pray that you'd make us ready for your coming. Bless your people today as we go from this place. Lord, would you protect them and shield them? We thank you that you pro protected our brother Andrew Bukhall's Lord. Oh God, how how different it could be this morning. We could be mourning this morning. But here we are rejoicing of what you've done, oh God, that you protected him and you're protecting every one of us. And we thank you for that, Lord, this morning. Praise your holy name. Hallelujah. Can we say praise the Lord this morning? Can we say hallelujah? Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for brother Moses. Bless him richly, Lord. We thank you for his ministry. We praise your wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. The Lord be with you, each one of you. Amen. So nice to see you, Brother Len. Amen. I haven't seen you for quite a while except, you know, a few days ago, I saw you there at the at the at the uh where was it? At that um that banquet. That's right. I saw you there. Amen. But since then I you know from that time on I didn't see you. May the Lord bless you. Praise God. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you pastor. God bless you richly. Amen. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Just going to close with this wonderful once again. Thank you brother Andrew and then thank you for each one for coming and visitors and the regular. God bless you richly and thank you for the word again. Salute the word. Thank God for the word. Amen. Leaning, leaning. But I want to mention that, you know, we should not be shaken. We should be leaning upon the everlasting arms of God. Amen. Fellowship. What a joy leaning on the everlasting heart. What a blessed. All peace is mine. Leaning on the everlasting. I am leaning, holy, safe and secure from all. I am leaning holy, leaning on the everlasting heart. Where I to be. I'm leaning on the everlasting love. I have blessed peace with my lonesome need leaning on the everlasting. I am leading I am leaning. I am safe and secure from all. Oh leading. Hallelujah. Lead me. on the everlasting arms. God bless you. Greet one another. God bless you richly. We are dismissed but brother Joseph can continue singing. If you have some song you can continue. [Music] Wow. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting.
