################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-22 - RWF 2025 12 21 Moses Ndala Stature of a Perfect Man - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-22
Title:   RWF 2025 12 21 Moses Ndala Stature of a Perfect Man
Speaker: Moses Ndala
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qi668nknck
========================================

Description:
This sermon was preached on Sunday morning, December 21st, 2025 at Restored Word Fellowship in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, by Brother Moses Ndala, pastor of this church.

Skip to the sermon: https://youtu.be/7qi668nknck?t=2319 (where he is reading from 1 Timothy chapter 3, starting at verse 15.)

In this sermon, Brother Moses continues teaching from The Stature of a Perfect Man, focusing especially on the “mystery of godliness.” He began with 1 Timothy 3:15–16, emphasizing that godliness is not merely good behavior, but the great mystery of God Himself being manifested in flesh. Drawing from 2 Peter 1:3–7, he explains that godliness is one of the essential attributes believers must grow into as they mature spiritually. According to Brother Moses, godliness is not just a virtue we try to imitate; it is the very nature and character of God expressed through a believer’s life.

Brother Moses clearly teaches, in line with the Scriptures and the messages of Brother Branham, that Jesus Christ was not a second person of God, but God Himself revealed in human form. Christ’s birth, life, humility, prayer life, obedience, and sacrificial love unveiled the mystery of godliness in simplicity. Though born in humble surroundings, Jesus perfectly expressed God’s nature through meekness, service, and submission to the Father’s will (John 8:29; Luke 5:16). Brother Moses reminds the congregation that Jesus is the standard—not any man, including Brother Branham—who faithfully pointed people back to Christ.

A major emphasis of the sermon is that true godliness always seeks to please the Father. Quoting both Scripture and Brother Branham, Brother Moses explains that godliness can be summarized in one guiding question: “Is this pleasing to God?” He challenges believers to apply this standard to daily decisions, relationships, conduct, and attitudes. Scriptures such as Colossians 1:10 and 1 Thessalonians 4:1 are used to show that a godly life walks in obedience, humility, and growth.

Bro...
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
My transgressions he was promot Surely my sorrow and his we are here. Brother Bla, if you can do us a favor, brother, and come and put all these prayer requests before the Lord and we come into this place, Lord Jesus, with an understanding, Lord, that well, it's just a building, Lord, Father, but it's the the tabernacle is really it's the We're the place, Lord, that we're the place that you chose, Lord, to dwell in, Lord. Lord, with a full awareness of that, Lord, we we come before you, Lord Jesus, asking that you'd sanctify our minds first, Lord, preparing our minds, Lord Jesus, that we that we can enter into this place, Lord, where we can have fellowship, Lord. Father, we thank you for this day, your goodness in our life, Lord. for the prayer requests, Lord, for the for the the persons with the accident, Lord. Calamity is is constant every day, Lord Jesus. Father, that we know is certain, Lord. But we want to position oursel, Lord, to make a way of escape that you've made, Lord, that we take that way of escape in our in each of our lives and our circumstances, our situations, our calamities, our trials. Lord, for all that has been that we've had to and we have to come into, Lord, we've known you made and this is our hope a way of escape for every trial, Lord Jesus. That's our joy. We we rest in that, Lord. Oh God. Now we present these people Lord Jesus to you this morning father we lift them up together united believer to believer Lord believe in Lord that you'll intervene Lord Father and your perfect will come about Lord be made in these trials and these things Lord Jesus for those who are traveling Lord our friends our loved ones Lord we commit them into your care Lord Jesus Father, for each of us, Lord, each portion of the service now this morning, we just ask, Lord, that you'd come take over. We present ourselves, Lord. We ask these mercies in Jesus Christ's name. Come and die. The master call it come and die. He is with the blood. He who said the multitude, take the water into wine. To the hungry call. Come and die. Oh Jesus the table. He invites the chosen one. Come and die with his heart. He supply it every toes. All the time come the master call it men. Oh he may feast the Jesus day all the time. He will f the multitude. He turned the water into one. We call it the disciples came to land that obeying Christ for the master call to them coming and die. Then they found their hearts desire bread and fish are upon the fire. as he satisfies the hungry. Oh, come down. The master call it coming down. You may face the Jesus all the time. He will f the multitude, turn the water into the hungry calling. Come and die. So darling protect his bride to the desire. Oh the host of heaven will simply en Jesus devil. Oh, come and die. The must call it coming down. Oh, you may face the step all the time. He will f the multitude, turn the water into the hungry calling. Oh, come and die. Oh come down the master call it men. You make changes stable all the time. He who fed the multitude. He turned the water into one to the call it come and die. Amen. Amen. While we got a few specials today, you can turn around and greet the brother sister next to you as we sit. Amen. The end of the Cuz the sheep is butter. You may take your seats. for the s to I have fallen on my knees as I face the raging sea in spite of the stor. Oh, the end. Oh, the sh is butter. The whole the soul. Oh, I falling on my knees as I face the raging seas. The end I hope in spir. Let's do that again as sister Ky comes. Though the end by alo the sheep is butter. Oh the end. Oh, they s and I fall in love my knees as I face the breaking sea in the hole in spite of all the stor. Go tell it on the mountain over the hills and everywhere. Go tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is born. While shephers kept their watching or silent flocks by night, behold throughout the heavens there shone a holy light. Go tell it on the mountain, over the hills and everywhere. Go tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is born. The shepherds feared and trembled when low above the earth rang out the angels chorus that held our savior's birth. Go tell it on the mountain, over the hills and everywhere. Go tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is born. Down in a lonely manger, our humble Christ was born and brought us all salvation. That blessed Christmas morning. Go tell it on the mountain, over the hills and everywhere. Go tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is born. Oh, go tell it on the mountain. Over the hills and everywhere. Go tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is born. Amen. Amen. There's a woman, but she's gone. Her name is She's a virgin from down in the baby's father is the Holy Ghost. Now, who do you think would believe such a thing? Would that story? Who do you think would such a thing? Well, here's to heaven. You do now. He had the baby in a Bethlehem and some shephers said an angel came and told them about the They always knew men went to heaven. But now God has come to earth now. Who do you think would such a thing? Well, here's to you. Now, who do you think would such a thing would this story? And who do you think would such a thing? Well, to heaven. this old church world. They won't have him. They didn't then. But the shepherds bowed right down. They didn't care. They only knew that their precious Lord was there. They've got him back in a manger once again. This old church world, they won't have it. They didn't. But the shephers bowed right down. They didn't care. They only knew that their precious Lord was there. We only know that our precious Lord is here. Amen. I keep falling in love with him over and over, over and over again. I keep falling in love with him. Over and over, over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord. I keep falling in love with him. Over and over and over and over again. Oh, I keep falling in love with him. Over and over, over and over again. Oh, I keep falling in love with him. Over and over. over and over again. It gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Why? But I I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over. Oh, I keep falling in love with him. Over and over, over and over again. I keep falling in love with him. Over, over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter yesterday. Oh by oh for whatever between my Lord and I keep falling in love with him over and over and over again. Amen. Can you help me with Wasn't that love? When I first found fell in love with Jesus and I gave him all of my heart and I thought that I couldn't I love him so much more than I did. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over, over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, it gets sweeter and sweeter as the day. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. Keep falling in love with him. over and over again. In the time of God came down to visit man. Wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? in his pain and loneliness as you were rob flesh. Wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? as he left his home above to die on Calary just to save like me. Every day I'm still awake. There's only one thing left to say. Wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that love? As you stood in Pil's home, he never say a word at all. Wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? He heard the mob yell crucified, but he knew he came to die. Wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? as he left his home above to die on Calary just to save someone like me. Every day I'm still there's only one thing left to say. Wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that love? As he laid there in the tomb, he did what he came to do. Wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? But he rose up from the dead so that we could live today. Wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that love? as he left his home about to die on Calary just to save someone like me. Every day I'm still on base. There's only one thing left to say. Wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that love? As he left his home above to die on just to save someone like me. Oh, every day I feel this one to say about God bless you all. I didn't even prepare for this. Just going to sing a simple song. My desire is to love the Lord. My desire, my desire, my desire is to know the Lord. My desire My desire, my desire, my desire is to know. Oh, my desire, my desire, my desire, my desire, my desire, my desire is to know the good. Oh, my desire, my desire, my desire, my desire. Oh, my desire is to know the Lord. Oh, my desire, my desire, my desire, my desire is to see the Lord. My desire, my desire, my desire, my desire to see the Yes. My desire, my desire, my desire, my desire, I desire, my desire is to see the Lord. I know the Lord will make a way. We'll make a way. for me. Oh, I know my Lord. Oh, I know my Lord. You make a way. Yes, you make a way. You make a way a way for me. Oh, I know the Lord. I know the Lord. He will make a way. Will make a way. He will make a way for me. Yes. And if I Oh, if I live a holy life, the wrong shine the do the I know the Lord. I know my Lord. You make You make a way. Make a way for me. Lord and worship him and praise him. Thank you brothers and sisters for dropping out this morning. Let's change the order of the service as we call on our sing one more song here. your eyes support for it is wonderful. of the whales of the will in the light of his glory. One more time. Open your eyes upon Jesus. is one of and the things of the end will strangely in the light of his glory and grace. Let's go to the Lord in prayer this morning. Father, we thank you for your grace, your mercy one more time, Father. Thank you, Father, to be in your house to worship you and to glorify your name to praise you, Father Lord. And so to show the enemy on which side we are. Come, Father Lord, to Father Lord, to yield ourself to you, to sing the song of praises and to hear the word of truth, Father. Lord, it is our The best place we can be in at this moment, Father, is to be in your presence. Father, Lord, we want to turn our eyes to you. Turn our heart to you, Lord. In this time of this year, there's so many distraction and so many things going around. Father, help us to keep our focus on Christ. Christ the revealed word of the hour. Father, just to have a close and personal relationship with you, Father. Our heart desires to be tuned to be in harmony with you Lord as the prayer was made earlier Lord we desire that's what is our desire father just to be find that way of escape just to be with you father God to realize that you have given us that lifeline of the Holy Spirit lifeline of the word of God in this time of confusion this time of famine is a place we can come and feed upon the word of truth we love you Father, we give you the glory and the honor. We thank you for the gift. Thank you, Father, Lord, for the songs. We thank you for the atmosphere, the worship. God, bless each person that came, Father, for those who are here personally and physically. And those who are streaming, Father, may the Holy Spirit, the presence of God be with all of them. Lord, we desire, Father, close a walk with you. As the last song said, our desires to serve you. Help us, Father, to serve you faithfully, Father. Lord just Lord to give our heart to be we are all to you that our desire bless the remaind of the service bless your people each family represented in the name of Jesus Christ we pray amen thank you musicians thank you God bless you richly it's good to be in the house of the Lord Amen and I'm confident everyone is happy to be in the house the Lord and It's a good atmosphere and good songs and just want to worship the Lord. We thank God for the gift different gifts and inspiration of God's gift. Amen. There's a few announcement here before I go to the word of God. You can turn already to second Peter no 1 Timothy 3:16. Turn in your Bible. Just want a few comments here. Looks like it has been a long time since the Wednesday service was cancelled because of the weather and just apologize for those who didn't have the announcement on time. Um there is a there is a WhatsApp group for the church there where we put announcement. So if you are not in that WhatsApp group, please express it to one of us and then we add it to you so that it's easier to communicate there. We can especially in winter and things like that can be can be aware of what's going on. Please share with us your phone number. So many groups but we try to limit as less messages as we can but there is one general but there is a main one where I put announcement. be good to be part at least one group then you can get the announcement and then just want to thank God for what God has done brother Wesley and sister Sharon brother Mike just sent me the pictures of it and it was just horrible accident but God spared their lives thank God for that give him the glory and the honor and he put the good testimony said God was there God was stronger than than the death angel was trying to take the light there. We thank God for what he has done. The glory in the keep praying for many families to be traveling during this time. Brother Philip and his family will go to Portugal and brother Z will be senator will be going to BC and family there. Peter is already gone and brother Godfrey will be going as well this week. People are leaving me but uh just want to pray for them and keep them watch over them. So God bless you. It's good to see and family it's good to see you back. richly traveled as well and my dear wife is not feeling well today. Let's keep her in prayer. So I took this Sunday school this morning something was good. So um it's called first there verse 16. Very familiar scripture and says let's start from verse 15 but if I t long that thou mayest know how thou ordest to behave thyself in the house of God which is the church of the living God the pillar and ground of the truth you see how the continuity and 16 says and and is a conjunction mean what he's talking about he's putting emphas Behave thyself in the house of God which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth and without controversy. Great is the mystery of godliness. It's what I'll be talking about today. Great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifest in the flesh flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, and received up into glory. May God bless his word and have it. Amen. Certainly blessed last Sunday service brother Victor took morning and service in the evening communion. Thank God for his presence and continuity of the Holy Spirit. I would like to continue today on the statue of a perfect man book but I would like to take it a little bit in conjunction with Christmas although we don't celebrate Christmas like the world celebrate it so in that I would like to read in second Peter chapter 1 verse 3-7 I'll be talking about the mystery of godliness according as his divine power is given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him. So everything that he has given us pertain to life and godliness through the knowledge of him that they had called us to glory and virtue whereby I given unto us exceeding great and precious promises that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust and besides this giving all diligence at your faith virtue and to virtue knowledge and to knowledge temperance temperance and to temperance patience and to patience godliness and to godliness brotherly kindness and to brotherly kindness charity. Amen. So godliness is a part of it's part of the virtue a part of the attributes of what needs to have in order to have the statue of a perfect man. Amen. I would say godliness is not only a virtue but the Bible says there is a mystery about godliness. So it's not only a simple virtue or simple quality or we can say I think it's more than that more than that I think it's godliness is a is a character is a is a is a nature of god himself. Amen. The unveiling of the mystery of godliness is god being manifested in the flesh. This was done in the ministry of the Lord Jesus Christ when he came the first time. It was the expression of expression of God himself. Jesus Christ is not another person of the deity as we know that Jesus Christ is God himself. Is the person of the deity of God himself is not a person is not just a portion of second part but it is God himself the only and true God. As we know Jesus was not born in December. Just repeating that to children and they all know it. I was just surprised and they all know Jesus was not born in December. He was born was he's a sheep. He can't be born in December. Oh, you're very well instructed. That's very good. So, but why do we celebrate in December? No, we don't. It's just a day that was put Roman Catholics try to remember that. But uh so we don't celebrate as the world celebrate. But still we we we we we acknowledge that the best gift that God has given us is God himself that he came as a son. So we acknowledge that and we just want to take that opportunity as well to express our thanksgivings to him. The prophet says the angel was at his birth how the angels might have looked down and rejoiced when they looked down on the manger and seen God incarnate. Amen. It won't it won't no wonder they begin in scream today in the city of David is born Christ the savior. Angels rejoiced and they swung their big wings together and over the hills of Judea they sang glory to God in the highest. Peace on earth and God and good will to man. They seen God's word and they watched over it to see it manifested. There it was. And Satan didn't believe that you know even though he saw the angel announcing him the angel believing and proclaiming that he was God but Satan did not believe that the angel said he is that's the difference if thou do so or let us see you do it but the angel said he's there no Satan was still doubting that he was the Messiah but the angel already announced it and if the believer could hear the word the shepherd heard the announcement they believed it that he was really Christ the Messiah. Amen. Satan is always there doubting the word of God and he will continue to be doubting the word of God even today. But as a Christian is to take what God says and believe what God says. The prophet says and it says and it was God manifest in the flesh one God. That one God was manifest in the flesh that ought to settle. God came in human form that didn't make him another God. He was God the same God. It was the same Elohim who was made flesh and dwell among us. So Jesus Christ is the is God. Amen. Jesus Christ in the flesh in the spirit in the in in in the soul. He was completely God. Amen. He was a God and a man at the same time. It was God taking the form of a man. The difference a great difference. You can't even compare the Lord Jesus Christ with brother Banam. It's impossible times. You can't compare the two that Jesus Christ is the God. He's He was God. He was born out of sin. He is God. Amen. Even it was God taking a form of a flesh. You can't put like brother Branam. He was born in sin and signal and he was saved. Amen. And God used his vessel. So that's completely two different things you can if you and incomparable. Brother Banam is not our savior. The Lord Jesus Christ is our savior. He's our redeemer. He's our healer. He's the first and the last. He's the God of gods. He's the prophet of the prophet. He's the alpha and the omega. He's the prince of peace. He's our all. He's our whole portion. The Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. But we thank God for giving us a prophet and we respect the prophet. But way beyond that, our love is towards the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Just to make it so clear, giving God. The prophet says, "What a most lovely story. I don't see how people could ever stay a sinner and know that how that God became one of us." It's so beautifully illustrated here. I would like to preach on it. Says in Ruth and Naomi, he was become the kinsman redeemer. He had to be a redeemer. He had to be king. How God in his spirit couldn't be king to us. And he became king to us when God made God God made man in his own image. He was a spirit man and there was no man to kill the soul. It's like like like in the garden of Eden there was he created the man after his own image with a spirit and then he created a body for Adam. But now God has to come in the body to be a kinsman redeemer to understand us to know what we are going through to feel our pain to feel when you have sickness to bear and to carry our burdens to carry our sins. He became us so that we can become him. He became sin became sin so that we can become the very righteousness of God himself. It was a great exchange and God comes to us so that we can become him. Amen. That was the great purpose of God. That's why he came. We can worship him during Christmas season by realizing the what he has done for us. How we saved our how he came to our place and took our status and our place. Amen. Amen. So great is the mystery of godness because he was manifest in such simplicity. God was God left glory. He came to our level. It was a such simplicity in the way that people didn't see any beauty in him. He was just a simple man. Even even even from this birth imagine the king of king was was born in a manger. He was born in a mansion, a place that is dirty, the place that you know is stinking and but that was the king of king born in that simplicity. Great is the mystery of your godness but in the such simplicity that God came in. Oh thank God for his grace in our life. Sometimes the way to find God is in the simple things in the humble things in the way he's expressing. You want to know Christ? Find him in humility. Find him in simplicity. God is the high. He's so big the He's so big that he can become so simple. Praise be to God. And you want to see God expressed, look at the life of Jesus Christ. You want to see God, you want to see how God will behave as a human being, look at the life of Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ is the mystery of godliness unveiled. As the Bible says, he was he was the the the full Godhead was in one flesh in the Lord Jesus Christ. He was manifested in the flesh. God was manifested in the flesh. Justified in the spirit. Justified here doesn't mean that he sinned and then he was forgiven and justified. Justified mean he was he was he is declared is the righteous one. He's the one who has no sin. He's already declared he has no sin and no spot in no spot in him. is the very righteousness of God. So is the mystery of God unveiled? For the sake of time, I just want to draw a few characteristics of the life of Jesus Christ here. Jesus Christ had a Jesus Christ lived a life like a human being. You know, he he as a child, he grew up as a child. He was obedient to the parent and and followed the instruction of the parent. He drove even their parents to the word of God. He corrected them according to the word of God. The word of God always correct always brings back correction to the truth. Amen. So he was he but he was a obedient child. He lived the simple life and and then then he was a obedient parent, a carpenter. People were looking at him even when he came back to them people were astonished. How could you teach this such great things? He was just he's one of us. We know where he's born. We know he's we know his brothers. How how can he declare that he's the Messiah? Because he was just living a simple life like any other human being. Amen. Simple life of Jesus Christ. It was God manifested God being expressed the life of Jesus Christ. And then he was and and and as he was living there and and and when the time came for his manifestation, he just follow the word of God. It was simple. going to the temple every day and praying and declaring and preaching and healing the sick. The life of Jesus Christ, it was God living the life among us. Amen. Expressing himself, the godliness in simplicity. The Bible says the the Jesus Christ was is is is accustomed to to pray was accustomed to withdraw himself in the wilderness and prayed. Luke's 5:16. So Jesus Christ said that the life of prayer is a life that expressed expressed how is a representation of how we have to express God as well. Do you agree with me? If you look at the life of Jesus Christ, it is a representation of how we have to be. So godliness is to be like Jesus Christ. Godliness is to follow the example of Jesus Christ. Even in the time of Christmas, people have celebrate Christmas without Christ. Put Christ outside of side. But if you celebrate Christmas, but Christmas is about Jesus Christ. Is your life reflecting the life of Jesus Christ? That the question we should be asking ourselves. I think it's a time to to to to ponder a little bit on that as well. Amen. That God, am I really like Jesus Christ? Question mark. Amen. to be like Jesus. Am I really like Jesus Christ godliness? Am I really if the people see me can they say oh I see Jesus Christ walking in that brother in that sister and but that's what I desire to be to be more like Jesus Christ. Prophet says just previous chapter we find one place where the son of god spends so much time in prayer. If Jesus had to spend much time in prayer to stay in fellowship with the spirit that was in him, how much more do you and I have to spend in prayer? Much time in prayer. If you only knew what time in prayer meant. Sometimes when you are in prayer, God changes the complete destination of different things that going to happen. Prayer changes things. God in his own power, God is presenting the flesh in his own power. He had to depend on the power of prayer. Amen. Because he knew that prayer changes things. Sometimes we forget that we rap, we reason, we men things and we try things on our own effort. But do you how much do you spend time in prayer to express to to change the situations because God is waiting on you. God is waiting on me. They will ask the prophet but why why pray? God already know what is going to happen. Why does he need me to pray? Yes, God want to have participation with you. He want to take the glory by sharing that by sharing that participation with you. He knows that God God needs workers. He know that the field needs God workers there. But he says you pray for them. Amen. Pray that the escape doesn't come in winter. But God, can't you just do that so that it doesn't come in winter? But he asking you and I to pray or he asking the disciple that time pray so that it doesn't come in winter. God wants you and I to be in fellowship with him. Jesus Christ lived that life of godliness in meekness and he says I'm weak and lowly in heart. The prophet says in the statue of the perfect man that godliness when he was smitten on one side of the face he turned the other. when he was spoken raft to he didn't speak he didn't ride back that godliness godliness is Jesus Christ was meek and lonely I would say this if you have any other revelation we have any other attitude that does not produce the humility you need to check it again anything should produce a humility and a simplicity a life of a Christian is a simple life is a humble life is not a life of boasting It's not life of pride. It's not a life of arrogance. It's a life of humility. As Jesus Christ was a humble man, he was meek and lowly in heart. He he he was not walking to boast himself. He was not trying to present himself even to witness about himself. Said the the father bear witness of what I'm doing. I can't do anything unless I see the father do first. He was giving all the glory to the father. Whatever you can do as a Christian life is not about you. is about God. Let God take all the glory. Amen. We have nothing to do about it. It's about God and God himself. If he chooses you, if he chooses me to do something, just be willing to do it. But all the glory goes to God. Amen. That's Jesus Christ expressed him in his own life. The Bible says, "Walk worthy with all loneliness and meekness. God resisted the pride and and and give grace unto the humble." Jesus Christ is life as his life was the life about not is not about his own will but the father's will as you will say not my will by dying be done as you talk to God and this is one the key I think this is one the key of godliness if you want to remember something that you can remember to be like Jesus but this is just one key I think of the prophet has put it here in the statue of perfect man says godly always looking for one thing I always do what I Always do that which pleases the father. Amen. See? Yes sir. That's godliness. Godliness as one key is that was the end of the quote there. But I'm saying godliness is one as one key is looking for one thing. Is it pleasing the father because Jesus was always doing what's pleasing the father? is my life is what I'm doing is the decision I'm taking is it anything I'm doing is it pleasing the father oh god if you can always have that attitude that will change many things what I'm doing or the decision I'm making is it pleasing the word of god is it pleasing the father not pleasing me not pleasing someone else not pleasing my neighbor not pleasing to my parents not pleasing my wife not pleasing my my my husband but is it first pleasing God Amen. Is what I'm doing pleasing the father? That what the attitude of Jesus Christ. Jesus said in John 8:29, "And he that sent me is with me. The father has not left me alone. For I do always those things that please him." Jesus life was entirely oriented towards pleasing the father. His motive, his words, his action flowed through that single focus. Am I pleasing the father? This I think this scripture describe the perfect godness in Christ Jesus because he was sinless. He could say truly I always do what pleases the father. Yes. As a human being sometimes we make mistakes sometimes and things like this and the things that we do don't necessarily please god sometimes. Do you agree with me? Do things and and we are sorry about it and we repent about it. But the deepest desire in our heart as the brother sang I just it was for me it was just a keynote as I think oh looks my message looks like it's negative but when I got that keynote as I thank God I think I'm in the right channel now my but your greatest desire has to be God I want to please you it has to be I want to I want to satisfy you I want to please you in my flesh I will make mistakes and we all make mistakes we die daily and all different But the inner side, the inner motive, the inner thing has to be Lord I want to please you. Brother Bana made a lot of mistakes. Abraham made a lot of mistakes. But the deepest desire that was inside of him was I want to please you. I want to I I want to do what your word says. Lord, I I want to find out what you want me to do. I I want to read the word of God. Not not not not just to learn myself or to learn but I want to learn what pleasing you. I want to satisfy you. I want to obey your word. I I want to align myself with the word of God. Amen. That's the desire of a Christians. That's the characteristics of godliness. Always looking for one thing. I always do that which pleases the father. says, "So it's a directions. You know that you can't please God without faith." So you pray, "Lord, give me more of your revelation. Give me more of faith, Lord." Is that your desire this morning? God, give me more faith. Give me more revelation. Help me to see you the things the way you see it, not the way I see it, because I desire to please you. You are, you are going in a certain way. You want to grow. Your desire is to grow. The way to grow is to read the Bible and to pray every day. So that's your desire. Lord, I want to grow. I want to become mature. I want to be a strong Christians. I don't want to be a stagnant Christians. I want to be just rely on my past. And oh no, no. I was save I was saved 20 years ago, 30 years ago. And you know, I used to be a Christian back then. But no, Lord, I want every day I want a closer walk with you. Every day I want to grow. Every day I want to I want to be pleasing to you. pleasing to you in everything that I do, in my thought, in my the way I speak. I want to reflect you, Lord. I want to be like Jesus. Amen. In my relationship with my wife, my relationship with my husband, my relationship with my children, my relationship at work, my every everywhere I am, I want to be pleasing to God, to be like Jesus Christ. Right. Paul will say in Colossians Colossians 1:10 that you might walk worthy of the law then unto all pleasing being fruitful in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God. 1 Thessalonians 4:1 says, "Furthermore, that we beseech you, brethren, and exalt you by the Lord Jesus Christ that as you have received of us how you ought to walk and to please God, so you will abound more and more." That was the desire of Paul that people desire to walk and please God. And that's what I want for the church as well. I want for myself, Lord. I want to please you. Pleasing, pleasing. Everything I do, everything I say, I desire to be pleasing to you, Lord. That's my desire. Present your body as a living sacrifice in order to please God. And the Bible says, "If you love me, keep my commandment." Your desire is to keep God's commandment. Lord, I want I I want to keep your commandment. I want to love you. I want to obey you in everything that your prophet says. Not to dilute it, not to put it and know this was only for his time or it was a cultural background or different. No father, I want to take all the word of God and to accept it and to live it by it. That should be the desire for Christians. Young people, your desires to be Lord. I want to serve you. Oh. The way I want to approach marriage, I want to approach it in a way that is pleasing to you. The way I want to Oh, make me give me that desire to please you in everything. Not to dilute thing, not to diminish things, not to find the cuts. People are looking for shortcut in everything. All right. But you know this is I can find a shortcut. No, that's not the right attitude. But Lord, let me help me to accept the whole word of God and to believe it and to live by it. Sometimes we take them I don't want to be negative but are you with me this man I don't want to lose but I want just to put that desire know it has to be to pleasing God some say no there is always a justification for everything this but you know brotherham says alo the other things and you want to justify everything. No, I don't want to be a justifier of everything, but Lord, let me to be obedient to your word. The way it say my heart, make me sensitive to things of God. Amen. Godliness means choosing God's will above self as Jesus did. You have the Bible. What does the Bible say? Now, now that we have the prophet, what does the prophet say about this? Godliness is looking to please God. I read somewhere it was said, godliness is living with the certain of pre certain aim of pre of pleasing the father as Jesus did perfectly as believers pursue sometimes imperfectly but sincerely through Christ. So then in godliness consider Christ as the standard. So Christ is the standard. is a typos is the absolute is the reference is one you have to look up to everybody has to look to Christ and Christ is the word of God and you have to find a way to get there is by grace it's not not necessarily by own by own efforts it's not by your it's not by your works but it's by grace but it remains the standard Lord give me the grace to come to that standard give me the grace to reflect that standard grace is not no this is a standard I can leave whatever I can want to do here and the standard is far away from me here and I'm okay god is look at me and god accept the way I is no no no and no grace is lord help me father to get to that standard I'm failing but I want to get to that standard I want to reflect Christ in the youth in the old in the marriage in the adults in the elders and everyone from the pastor to the last one Christ is the standard Amen. And then you desire Lord I want to grow. Let me be expecting to grow and I desire to grow. Never stay a standard. Amen. Jesus holiness was shown by what he says. Which of you can convince me of sin. We know that sin is unbelief. Stealing is not sin. Telling lies is not sin. Swearing and all the other things are not sin. Sin is unbelief. If you believe, really believe, the Holy Spirit will accept you and you'll be sealed with the Holy Ghost. So the question is, have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? Because sin is unbelief. Sin is unbelief. But if you believe, you have to come to the new birth of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The Bible also say be holy for I am holy. Now the scripture says you're holy. But there are always two aspect to the scriptures. Are you with me? this in this this morning there are two aspect of the scriptures the prophet will say he says regarding to the scripture says be holy for I am holy now you cannot be holy I'm not depending on my own holiness I have none I'm depending on his holiness it is his holiness that I'm looking at you can't create holiness in yourself holiness is god who gives us holiness can't be holy by yourself it's god who's holy that is even go further I can't say it's a holy church. No, it's the holy God in that church. Can't say a holy mountain is a god because the holy god was on that mountain. Can't say anything that the holy the holy Christian. No, it's because Christ is leaving that person and becomes holy. Amen. So the holiness was about your work. The holiness is about God's God's being inside of you. So that is holiness that I'm looking at. Not that well but not that what I was but what what he is that it go back in the beginning there is Jesus Christ the same yesterday and then finish the sentence. So holiness is about not depending on my holiness but is depending upon his holiness but he remains the standard Lord keep me to that bring me to that standard bring me to that reference I desire to be like that reference Lord then prophet we going sometimes take the other side says you know he has a be holy and he says now you have to be you have to quit living in sin they would go say no so he's a reference so quit what you are doing. If there's something you can quit, quit it so that you you can get closer to God. The grace of God will bring you closer to God. And I did a little bit I want to put just a parentheses here. This is the major sin. The prophet says, "How can I overcome?" This is the major sin in our days. If you read the statue of perfect man is also elaborating a little bit of that. This is the major sin of our days. It's a major sin among our people. It is worldliness. as the Bible says Leodyian age was. She's worldly, rich, have need of nothing. Don't know that she's naked, miserable, wretched, and blind. That the sin of our day. When you hear the word of God call out against it, then you take the other route, you are unpopular with the world. For sure in our days, if you it even becomes hard to express our own opinions. Sometimes at work, you can because they will see like, oh, I mean, which which century are we living in? This is 21st century. Are you still in 19? They the thing that evolving. But the word of God doesn't change. God doesn't change. He absolutely stays the same. Amen. If it was back then it was wrong. It's still wrong today. The word of God does not change. We ask to change and come to the word of God one more time. Amen. Says that's the sin of our day. When you hear the word of God call then you take the other side. You unpopular with the world. You are tempting to go back. I know you keep saying to me, I know you are saying all the time. I know you get tired of me hopping on these things. I get tired seeing you doing it too. So, no, you always repeat the same thing. You always look like you are harsh on the woman and I but why I know you are tired of hearing me saying those things. I'm tired to see those things again happening. Yeah, sometimes it can also go back into the church these things coming back into the church. But it is the role of the of the preachers to come. No, don't stay in line. Stay in line. You are being called to stay in line with the word of God. You are being called to stay in the standard of the word of God. Amen. So, and we have to say amen. Amen. Amen. Because we don't want worldliness to come in our lives. We don't want worldliness to come in our families. No, no, no. We stand there and say we don't want worldliness in here. He's a holy house. He's a holy temple of God. We want the pure holiness of God here. We don't want to stand for the worldliness of the world. No. The father has to be strict. No. I don't want these things in my family. I don't want these things in my house. No, no, no, no, no. Has to be strong husband, strong fathers. No, no, no. I don't want these things in my Amen. No, no, no. Become quiet. No. This is a new world. Just be just be polite. Just be tolerant. You you have to be weak and humble. Yes. But that's not against the word of God. Stay with the word of God, but in humility. Amen. Amen. I'm getting tired of you do it, too. That's right. That sin that I'm trying to tell you about. What are you harping on it for? Stop doing it then. I'm trying to save your life by the word. I get tired also. Just straighten up. That sin shouldn't do be done. the prophet speaking. Thank God for the prophet. Thank God for the man of God who didn't compromise on the word of God. We would have been like Sodom and Gomorrah if he had compromised on the word of God. We would have been like denominations that have no standard. If we had compromised upon the word of God, would have been like that other people that trying to please everybody, pleasing everybody. No, just please we are all together. Just think no, no, no, no, no, no, no. God calls for total separation from unbelief. Total separation from the world. You have to be stuck to God to the word of God. Amen. Titus 2:12 says, "Denying ungodliness and worldly lust." God godliness reflect moral purity. Yes, it's not perfection by human strength, but at the same time, it has to reflect moral purity and powered by God himself. If you preach against worldliness, people call you legalist. So, no, you are too you're on the law. That's not you know the message not about the law. It's grace. Grace. No. Yes. But grace doesn't mean you have everything. just crapping in and and then things and people start cutting their hairs. Women start cutting their hairs, coloring their hairs green. And sister, why do you can't you think really the Holy Spirit will put green hair? Really? Right. Jesus Christ. Really? The spirit that was in the Lord Jesus Christ would have green hair? No. No. Look, look, look, look, look how you are behaving. Look, look. We are the way dressing. Look at the things you are watching. Is that the spirit of Jesus Christ? No, no, no, no. So, straighten up. We are tired of those things. I'm tired of those things. We should be tired of those things. Lord, I want to please you, Lord. My desire is to please you, to walk with you, Lord. I want to accept the whole word of God. I hope it's not too hard. Amen. Just the word of God. But the prophet many places says you know I want to be Calvinist where the Calvinist is staying with the Bible. I want to be Armenian or Armenianism when staying with the Bible. So all together amen born again but you grow until the stature of perfect man. We desire to grow. Amen. We can't stay babies. We desire to grow. Praise be to God. We desire to be pleasing to God. Let me say this. Continual sanctification is part of godliness. Remember the key note. Lord, what is pleasing to you? They always ask you a question. Do you think that the spirit of Christ will put on the things that you are putting on? So stay with the word of God. The proverb say of the perfect man. No. What he what if we got down to Bible doctrine of wearing shorts and and bobbing hair and stuff like that. You see where to godliness women professing godliness and holiness in the parties and everything else. Tattlers blabbers not having been able to hold their own tongue tongue talking and tattling and going around. And what about the men? They have parties and gold golf games and they're half-dressed little old dirty looking clothes on with them women hanging out there. No wonder prophet speak and it's true some sisters church Sunday long dress but go see them at home pants. Watch out now. So Lord, am I pleasing you or am I pleasing the people? I want to please you, Lord. My desire is to please you. But we are separate people. Prophet says God's church and his people have always been a separate people, a called out people, a peculiar people, a holy nation, a royal priesthood, offering spiritual sacrifices to God, the fruits of their lips, giving praise to his name. God called his church and separated from the world for that very purpose and give it a law and he must be holy. He said, "I'm holy and you must be holy and without holiness no man can no man shall see the Lord." God said that himself and he had called his people to be his type of his people and they forgotten about it. They forgotten his laws. They had forgotten their morals. Talking about the Israel, they forgotten the moral. Israel woman out there each one expecting to be conceived by the Holy Spirit to bring forth the Messiah and then acting like that. The characters was terrible. I want to stop here a minute to say it's the same thing among our people today that call themselves Christians. the character if I would if they would only realize the first coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. They forgot the morals. They have to be each one should be expecting to receive the son, the Messiah by the Holy Ghost. But they lost their morals. The second coming now is the Lord be born in the manger of my heart. In this Christmas, I want Christ to be born in the manger of my heart. If he's not there yet, but if he's there, Lord, let Christ grow. I want you to grow further. I want to become m I want to become mature Christians. I don't want to stay baby. Lord, help me to identify what is pleasing you and that's what I want desire to do. Amen. Attribute of of maturity. Sometimes as he's talking about character, I want to put a comment. Character means growing. Character is is is something that will bring you into adoption. The birth does not bring you into adoption. It's your character that brings you into adoption. You are born a son of God. You are born a daughter of God. But it doesn't bring you automatically to adoption. It needs a character. And character is a victory. Character means you have a collaboration with God. For Christ to come and be and and be adopted. It has to reflect the character of Christ. Is character of God. He spoke like God. He has the mind of God. The same thing for us. the decisions you make, you the the the things the way you speak, it has to be reflecting Christ. Then he can adopt you and then he can say this is my son who came to maturity. Amen. It doesn't remove you from being a son, but you in order for him to adopt you, you have to express Christ character. Lord, help me to express your character. Lord, shape me, mold me, do whatever it takes. If it's by the word of God, shape me. If by certain trials, Lord, if it's the perfect will, I want to do your perfect will, Father because I want to reflect you in all things. Attribute of maturity is also forgiveness. Jesus said, "Father, forgive them." The Bible says, "Forgiving one another in Ephesians 4:32, forgiving one another even as God for Christ's sake has forgiven you. Godliness is forgiving love even when you have been wronged. But I believe we still don't have the real the real grasp of that scripture forgiving one another even as God for Christ's sake has forgiven you. Amen. I I sometimes I ponder about it and I say, "Lord, am I really having the revelation of what it means here? The way Christ forgave me, the way he has forgiven me, can I forgive my brother the same way." Amen. Sometimes we we want quickly I want God forgive me. You know, I knew better, but I still made a mistake. But can I have the same grace towards my f my my brother as my sister having the same attitude of forgiveness? Oh Lord, if I'm not there yet, help me to get to that level where I can have that type of forgiveness that comes from the heart. Even the prophet didn't have the true revelation at some point of this scripture. He was quick to condemn that woman when he came in that restaurant or something. They came there and he found her with the policeman and and then she was immoral and things like that and he start condemning her. How is it possible? And and he said shut just wipe them away and that attitude. Then God had to show him now say see now but when you do make a mistake you see how I forgive you. You see and you see how you hurt me. And he saw that the blood was like a bumper for everything and that was coming and hit him. And the Lord Jesus Christ was taking it upon him and he was bleeding. The blood of Jesus Christ was saying pardon, forgive him. Justice of God would have killed him. But the blood of Jesus Christ was the bumper protecting him. And the prophet says, "Oh Lord, forgive me. Forgive me." And then when he came out, then Lord said, "You see, you asking for forgiveness for yourself. What about the other one? Can't you extend a little bit of grace towards her?" And the prophet went to her says he didn't come now condemning her. Now he took the other approach said Lord my sister you know I've been condemning you but see what the Lord expressed to me and everything and and God and and there there she gave her heart to the Lord Jesus Christ. Sometimes it's the attitude that we have behind corrections that's what is the problem. Amen. It's true. I'm trying to be balanced here. So some some it's a wrong thing but but what the approach you take sometimes makes a big difference in the approach you take you want that person to be saved you want that person to be redeemed so I don't I don't want to condemn I'm not judging you but I'm just I I want you to be saved what you're doing is it really representing Christ and then you you give you give a lifeline to someone else to rescue him Prophet says living, dying, burying, rising, coming. Come Lord Jesus Christ. Yes Lord come now. That's the hour if so please. So that the way to feel about it loving me, dying for me, buried for me, rising, justified me. He justified freely forever. Now I'm looking for you to come. Lord, I want to have the same kind of spirit in me that you had in you. I want that kind of a spirit that my enemy's speech could be hanging from my face and with all my heart I could still say I forgive you for it and I could forgive others as God for Christ's sake forgive us. Are we there yet? Oh Lord help me to get there. Father even the spit still on my face be able to say Lord forgive them. They talk bad about me. They talk bad about my children. They talk about one but Lord still forgive them. Lord I will pray for my worst enemies. I'll still I I'll still love him. I'll still keep the right attitude towards him. Lord help me to get there to be like Jesus. I have to be there. Lord help me to be there. Father. Oh Lord Jesus Christ. Even the prophet himself God put him to a test one time. God put him to the test. That test was not you know the prophet you know how hard it is upon upon upon immorality and is very hard. But God gave him a test in the church, not in other place. In the church. And I look at that sometimes. I say, "Oh Lord, help me. Lord, I'll put you into the test." Immorality in the church. He tried to correct them. They don't want they want to correct them. I wonder where was the deacon. Sometimes try to correct them. They don't want then says and something tells him if you say deaf, they'll be there. You say blind, there will be blind right there. It shows you can't play in church. So it's a serious place. He could have tell death and they will be dead. But something came upon him. He says I forgive you. I forgive you. And it was the one of the greatest test because he had to put his own mind aside and extend forgiveness to them. Godliness is expressed through service. And I like this one personally. Godess endure weakness in others with grace. The song that we see in the statue of perfectness says to be like Jesus. To be like Jesus on earth I long to be like him. All through life journey from earth to glory. I only ask to be like Jesus. Another place you will say the first song I have loved in the hymns is one of the greatest was to be like Jesus. If serving for others what's pleasing God the most. Lord help me to make me servant for others. That's what the life of Jesus Christ. He was a servant for others. Is this the Bible say the son of man came not to be ministered onto but to minister to others. So that's what the Bible is saying. Love love should serve one another in loneliness of mind. Let each esteem other better than themselves. Oh Lord help me to be a servant for others. Lord help me to reflect the life of Jesus Christ. The Bible makes clear that godliness is not imitation alone. It's Christ life within. It has to be Christ life from the inside. That's what I want to put my focus here. Godliness is not only trying to confirm or even though it has a part in the natural in the outside and everything but more than that godliness comes from the inside. Let the life of Jesus Christ brings that godliness of God. Lord, I I desire the life of Jesus Christ to remove the desire of the things of the world to remove the desire that keeps me captive of slaves. Lord, remove that desire. Don't I don't have that does not have to become my struggle in the flesh, but has to become the Holy Spirit doing the work from the inside. That was pure godliness God is desiring. As the prophet says in the Israel says as we started off Ephesus ending up this year the lukewarm church age where we are now having a form of godliness by denying the power thereof. We don't want the form of godliness. We don't want just to be on the outside and look godly from the outside when the inside is still dirty. No, no, no, no. Lord, I want the power of the Holy Ghost. I want the power to change me from the inside outside. Lord, I want you to move, Lord, in my heart. I want the Holy Ghost. I want the new birth. I want Christ to be a mature Christian in me. Lord, that's my desire. I don't want just a form of godliness. I want the power of the godliness. The prophet says going to church and having people come in and say I accept Christ and putting their name on the book, but they're denying the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the power and the miracles and the signs and the wonders, making fun of it in our churches. We dispute from God's mouth and the elect taken up. Oh, hallelujah. Something gets into my soul when I think of it, friends, the world in its condition today. But we want the power of the Holy Ghost in the church. Amen. We on the powerful miracles, the powerful changing life, the powerful holy life, and the fire life through the power of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And signs and wonders. That's what we desire. Amen. Now remember the black bird with pickup feathers. Don't forget him. Don't try to add it till you are actually born again because it won't work. You can't make it work. It will come to this or this here and it will crumble somewhere. But when you get down here, genuine born again dove, then you don't add nothing. It adds to you. I like that. You don't add anything and force anything then it adds up to you and comes all right. Coming out into perfection. Christ in you is the hope of glory. The hope of glory is the life of Jesus Christ in you. And now we have the restored word of God that has brought the literal life of Jesus Christ. We have the ability to be like Christ. Now brother when you look at him people don't know they they will confuse him to Jesus Christ. You say you are not too far from me too. Amen. Because the life of Jesus Christ is inside of me. But it was not only for the prophet only. It also for each believer because we have received the pure word of God that should bring a godly life to the point where people see Christ in us. Amen. Walking again. What we desire is not is not is not too much noise. What we desire is a godly life in Jeffersonville. Godly sanctified life in Edmonton, too. That's the thunder that shakes the enemy when he see sanctified, dedicated life of Jesus Christ through the power of the Holy Ghost moving the people. Amen. That's what we desire. I hope I'm putting a little bit of desire in your heart. Lord, I want more. I want more. I want more. I can't stay in the statical. I can't just stay, you know, that I've reached there. No, Lord, I want more. Amen. I live yet not I but Christ liveth me as the Bible we have read at the beginning according as divine power has given unto us all things that pertain unto life of godliness. We have received the word of God reveal all things that should bring us to the whole godliness representation of Jesus Christ. One more time and say the Bible says according as his divine power has given us unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness. That's my prayer. Lord, give me that power. Amen. Give me that power. Amen. So if I'm still struggling with worldly ideas of marriage today young people or those married the place of a woman or the position of a man Lord take those worldly ideas away today can you say wife be submit respect your husband it becomes hard today what are you thinking you're thinking that we inferior. Okay. No, no. It's okay. It's okay. I don't want problem. Peace in my head. No. You rule the house. I'm okay. No. No. No. No. No. No. God. Take those worldly ideas away. Wash me. Cleanse me. Give me the mind of Jesus Christ. Lord, if you you desire submission, I will submit myself. Lord, as long as it is your word, I will humble myself to the word of God. Amen. Praise be to God. But the message sometimes is hard, but the bride has the ability by God's grace. Just say, "Let it be done to me according to your word, Lord. I love you." Amen. How a blessing. Oh, can husband put a little bit of like brother B and wash the dishes? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Mimi, you know, I'm a I'm a husband. Wash the dishes. No, no, no, no, no. That's That's woman's work. Hey, come on, brother. Go wash the dishes. Almost said it in French, but it's in a message. Brother Bam did it. You You have to do it. Help your wife. And that that that what shows a real man. It's not like a man just don't want to go there, but it was not bad. Amen. A man is also humble. He he humble himself. He does the work and he help the wife. You love her like Christ loved you. Don't say sometime we don't have the representation of what Jesus Christ did for us. We just want the part that benefit us. But the other part where we have to be servant, we leave it aside. We just know God Jesus could do that but not me. No, be like Jesus Christ. Die for your wife. Be there. Be the one standing for your wife. Be the one. You see she's weak. You stand there. You protect her. You be there. That's the real man. Amen. Too much of uh boasting boasting sometimes it's cultural things but the word of God come to take those cultures. You come to take all those background of your families, German families and no you know Irish families, congalles families, Zimbabwean families all those things background. Let the wash the word of God wash us and cleanse us, bring us the godliness of God. I want to be like Christ. Amen. Papa Matenda was saying one time testimony when he got baptized, he received the message of the hour. He was carrying his baby first born and the sister was walking and he was in the village. The only man who could carry a baby and people were making fun of him. What kind of man was carrying a baby? She a woman's job. But the wife couldn't for reason. I don't remember what he was saying, but he was he was willing to help stepping for her. That's what the real man you steing for your wife. Statue of perfect man. Godliness means to be like God. Oh my. After you got faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, then be like God. Few you say I can't do that brother Bana he says yes you can yes you can say no I can't do no yes you can why because you have received the word of God and you are a son of God you can by the Holy Spirit through the power of the Holy Ghost you can don't say you can't you can God has given you everything so that you can this eve cannot fail you will succeed you will have victory you can I'm here to encourage you that you can by God the Holy Spirit because that's the promise of God. You can. You think that I can't dress like a Christian. You can. I can't pray like Jesus prayed. You can. I can't forgive like Jesus forgive. You can. I can't talk like Jesus talked. You can. Oh, I can't I live a holy life. You can. You can. You can. You can. Because that's what the word of God says. And you have to believe and you will do it. Amen. says, "Let me just read a few scriptures here for a minute." The prophet says in the statue of prophet man, Matthew 5:48, we'll take this one says Jesus said, it says, see, if you're supposed to be like God, you know, the Bible says you are God's. I like that. So, he's not saying to be like God just to confirm to be like Jesus. No, you can be like God because you are you are amateur gods. So God is not asking you something that you are not. He's asking you what you are. You just need to recognize that I am. What the word of God says that who I am. I want just to reflect who I am. Sometimes we have been like chicken. We didn't know that we could fly. We are low and following the stage of the world. We are just in in the chicken yard and doing things like the word. Then the word of God comes and reveal to us, you are not a chicken. You are a [ __ ] You can fly higher. You can live a holy life. You can be godly. You are God. So be godly because that's your nature. You are not trying to imitate something else. You are God. Be like God. Amen. Amen. Thank God for the message of the hour to reveal to us who we are. I'm not a chicken. I am an eagle. I can fly higher. Amen. Praise be to God. I will not confirm Julio this year. I'll be transformed on the inside because I am an eagle. Praise be to God. So that was and the devil came to Eve trying to tell you know if you eat from this tree of of knowledge of good and evil, you will be like God. And Eve wanted to be like God. She didn't know that she was already God. She was an amateur God. If the word of God was revealed to her, he get the revelation of who she was. She would have not failed. But thank God this Eve won't fail. Why? Because she knows who she is. I'm not going to be like God. I am already God. I am an amateur God. That's why I believe. That's why I live the way I live because I am what the word of God says. The Bible says you, it was the word of God. You are part of the word of God. Why do you believe the word of God? because I am the word of God. I like what brother Victor says last Sunday. You know, you are the word of you ask even your prayer. You are claiming what you are because you are the word of God. So even when you pray, you pray the word of God because you are the word of God. Glory to God. Amen. So he say be perfect. Be imperfect. And Jesus I didn't finish the call of the prophet says Jesus said so why all the virtue and he says all the things that in God is now in you is in you Matthew 5:48 Jesus speaking to the batitude says be therefore perfect what's that perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect so God by saying perfect there doesn't mean that you don't have no mistakes no you have a mistakes but you are a mature Christian perfect there is mean mature. You are mature son and daughter of God. You think like him. You make decisions like him. You have the character of Christ in you. Hallelujah. So godliness is a requirement. It's not an option. Just just give me time here. I'm closing. Give me a few few minutes again here. I'll be going maybe to the statue of perfect man just to read what prophet statue of perfect man. If you read read says uh another message says uh you got you you got way up here before you asked to do that all these things had to be added first and when you get up is asking you now to be perfect godliness sons and daughters of God that's right how many things I could say along that path but how can you get to that perfection how do you get to that maturity he will give two answers to that another message says God himself came down into a blood cell and wiped the blood around him, the blood cell, the germ of life of God himself, riped in his blood cell that drew forth the son Christ Jesus. What is that? To make you perfect and to bring you back into fellowship. He brings you through that blood cell into himself. Thank God for the blood of Jesus Christ. Do you want to serve God? Take the blood of Jesus Christ. He brings you back into fellowship with God. You get it? says through the blood cell of the Lord Jesus that inve how he's bring us to perfection. That's what God sees. God when he looks at you, it doesn't look you see sin sin or sinful person. No, no, that not the way God looks at you. He looks you through the blood. You are perfect. There's nothing. There's no blemish. That's the bride. That God looking at her. You are perfect. Even this morning, you are still perfect. That's how God looks at you. Praise be to God. Sometimes we look at ourselves, I'm not worthy and but God looks at you say you are perfect. Praise be to God. You can come to him just oh Lord forgive me and the blood of which is going to wash you. Perfect in God's sight. Thank God for that. But then he's going the other side says the next step is how now man sees you. It has to work on both sides. Then it says chapter Ephesians statue of perfect Ephesians the 4th chapter begin with the 12 verse Ephesians 4 and begin with the 12 verse. All right let's begin up here in the in the 11th verse. He gave some apostles and some prophet remember last night don't try to take the other man's office. He sent some apostles sent some prophet. We don't want to take the place of the prophet the major prophet. No, the prophet is a prophet. You I don't have I don't have the ability to come here and correct the prophet. No, that's not my position. That's not my office. No, no, no, no. Even if I say no, he made he made instead of calling Elijah, he called Elisha, not it's not me. He say no, he made a mistake. Look at the mist. No, no, that's not my office. That's the business of God himself. Amen. Even if you believe I believe even if you believe that it was Elijah, Elisha and that mistake and you give your heart to the Lord with that mistake, God will honor that because that's the office of the prophet. Amen. The office of the pastor is helping the people. Amen. To align with the word of God. Amen. So we don't take someone else's office. Don't take the office of an evangelist. People now you see evangelist everybody want to become a pastor. I I'm an evangelist. Mighty evangelist. People appreciate for being an evangelist but one day no I want to my have my own church no stay evangelist you have blessing when you're an evangelist why do you want to become a pastor stay evangelist that's your position now everybody want to become a missionary you're a pastor you're traveling all the time you don't stay with your church a pastor stays with his church don't be all the time and every month you are somewhere no what kind of pastor to stay in your office. Amen. Sometimes you can travel here sometime you help here because you're gifted but not all every month you're somewhere. No, no, no, no. I question where kind of person is. What? That's not the office of pastor. You become missionary. Ch is it okay? That's right. Don't try to take others man's office. Some evangelists and some pastors and some teachers for the perfecting prophet say for the perfecting of God. So it doesn't read like that. Congre congregation says no the perfecting of what? Saints. Who are the saints? The sanctified ones. Amen. The ones started from down here perfecting the saints for the working of the ministry. And it says the ministry of Jesus Christ for the edifying of the body of Christ. for the edifying, building up, edifying until till we all come into the unity of the faith, the knowledge of the son of God, the perfect man unto the assurance, the measure of the statue of the fullness of Christ. Perfect takes godliness. Amen. For me, that's a wonderful quote. Amen. Because you want to get to perfection, you want to get to to the statue of a perfect man, you need the five-fold ministry. You need all the five. Don't just be in one relying on one. That won't that won't bring you to the full stature of a perfect man. No, you'll be skipping godliness. No, you can't be. And you allow me just to say few notes here, a few few of my thoughts here. If you allow me to say that, you you need both. You need both. Let me tell you, if you only have the Bible at home and you are reading the Bible every day at home by yourself, let me tell you, you won't become you can't reach the stature of a perfect man just with the Bible. Shocking because you you can't it's the word of God. You need a five-fold ministry. You you can't because all the denomination they have the Bible. They have the same Bible. They for 2,000 years they have the same. It's the whole word of God is the perfect will of God. It is all the word of God is in the Bible. But with just that alone you can't come to the statue of the perfect man of today. No. You might become maybe in Lutheran age and under the man anointing but under the eagle anointing you can't come to the statue of the perfect man. It's impossible. Amen. Amen. You can be at home just listening to the tapes of brother Vanam. You will not reach the stature of a perfect man. Any church that is only relying on the tape of brother vanam is not a mature church. I'm sorry to say that but that's the word of God. And you see that you see burdeness, you believe with criticism, arrogance. It's important. It's breaking the word of God. You need a five-fold ministry. Amen. So you have to respect the whole word of God. Don't just and take the part that convenient to me. No, but I was betrayed by that pastor. He hurt me on money problem. Yeah, that's that's their problem. But you obey the word of God. Godliness is about pleasing God, not pleasing man. Not trying to show to another man. No, you stay faithful the word of God. That's your call. Lord, I want to be pleasing to you. Amen. Amen. And let me tell you now, just having I want to put it just having the five-fold ministry without the prophet, you can't come to the statue of a perfect man. That's right. Some people get shocked and you put a tape in the church. A tape? No. Hey, don't don't stumble. Yeah, it's part there's a tape ministry can put a tape and you enjoy it. Oh, thank God. You are balanced. You have become you have become a statue of the perfect man. It's all together. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's right. To the perfecting to come to the knowledge of Christ to come to all those good promises here you need everything. You need the Bible. You need the prophet. You need a five-fold ministry. You need your brother. You need your sister. You need a deacon. You need You need a parent. You You need a the sister, the heavenly sister. You need a headerly brothers. We need everyone to come to the statue of a perfect man. Otherwise, we are missing something. Now, just bear with me. I'll read some of the quote to back up what they've said. position. The prophet says, the fellow said, "I can be a Christian and stay home just as well." The prophet says, "No, you can't. It's impossible. But I'm a Christian. I'm born again. I believe the message of the error. I can just stay home." I had a friend, thank God for that friend. He used to call, "Anybody stays home is a backsliding Christian. He was just straight. Said, "Are you going to church?" "No, no, I'm I'm listening to the backs leader." He just stayed with me saying I was a You can't be a mature Christian staying home. Impossible. Impossible. You are just faking yourself. You're just lying to yourself. You won't grow. You won't grow. You will stay the tape. You know some of the quotes and everything, but you are not getting mature. Impossible. Otherwise, the the word of God, let's close the Bible and go home, then which breaks the word of God. It's impossible. Says, "No, you've got to meet together with the rest of the body. He has blessed us together in heavenly place in Christ Jesus." Luke 4:16 says, "He came to Nazareth where he had been brought up. And as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day and stood up to read." That was Jesus. And I want to be like Jesus. Then it has to be my customs to go to church to listen to the tape to pray to fellowship with others. If Jesus did I can do it. Are you more spiritual than Jesus? Break the scriptures. We feel that every person is duty bound. Another message what visions are. Every person is duty bound to attend some church and belong to some church as a Christians. Many people say, "Oh, I stay home and read my Bible. I'm just as well off. I read the whole word of God." The Bible prophet says, "No." The Bible says, "You shouldn't forsake the assemble ourselves together. We've got to do that. You've got to stand together and all the churches." So where do you get that idea that you can be flourishing as a Christian at home? It's impossible. When the Holy Spirit teaches an adulterate holiness before the Lord, how do you think the Holy Spirit feels to bring the word before the father that we are selfish, that we are unconcerned? We stay home on prayer meeting nights to watch old religious program. But I'm not staying home to watch Lucy. I love Lucy. I'm staying home to stream. It's a old It's a religious program. I'm in a Donny Rian's church. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's religious program. Says no, no, no. We are selfish. We are unconcerned. It's just about you. That's why staying home, taking a coffee and watching. Oh, that brother sings very well. That sister sing. And then and then you become a mature Christian. No, no. Let's stop faking ourselves. No. No. He says they stayed home and looked at televisions like the rest of them does and stay away from prayer meeting. Just a nominal Christian like too much of our America is today that Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostal all too. It's true that exactly right. We stay home to watch this and do that and take a little ride. It's too hot to go to church or something like that. I don't feel just good. You are going to feel worse than that some of these days when you are condemned at the judgment bar. Oh yeah. We don't preach too much about judgment bar, but you I'll say you'll go to hell. That's right. You don't come to you'll go to hell. You are candidate to go to hell. No matter what you believe, you are candidate to go to hell. You might go to judgment bar. Amen. That's serious. So, so take the whole word. Lord, I want to be pleasing to you. Not pleasing a man. Pleasing to you. You are denominations by being in the message. That's a denomination. That's your own idea. Be within the message. But Lord, take me out of those denominations idea. Let me take the whole word of God. I hope it's not hard. Amen. Just saying with love. I'm just taking what the prophet says to bring us into perfection. How can you get to perfection? You need Ephesians 4. You need to assemble together. Ephesians is the adoptions. Don't leave the assembled together. Amen. Prayer meetings comes you stay home watch their television instead of going out at the prayer meeting. Isn't that right? Sure it is. Everything time to read the papers. People have time to do this. time to have your society gathering and things but no time for God. No, let me give you the joke a little bit here. You know, on Wednesday we cancel the service, right? Then I drove and you know actually not bad when around 700 p.m. Okay, then I So the following day I went to work. I mean I think I was in conference with one colleague. So there was a girl say, "You know what? We had a party planned for Wednesday night." And then we got that warning. You know what? Some of us just say, "No, let's go to the party no matter what." And we enjoyed our party. It was so good. And I was just there. The world, they went to the party and enjoyed the party. And me, a Christian, a pastor, sending a message that cancelled the church. Shame on me. I felt so bad a little bit. But God knows everything. Amen. But I felt a little bad. I don't know why why it has happened that she had to put bring that up and put a little bit of comparisons. If they party, they have to honor that. What about church? You know, kind of kind of put me a little bit of stigma. God forgive me. Um then how can you say you can stay home and that a prophet very good quote how can you say you stay home and be just as good as Christian as you will be at church I'm repeating it how can you say you can stay home and be just as good a Christian as you would be at church prophet say you Can't do that. Read the word of God. You can't do that. Amen. Amen. That was not my emphasis. But it's good that we remind the people so that we align oursel with the word of God. I want perfection. Lord, help me to prove my ideas and help me to align myself with the word of God. So my theme really my focus is what I say. The mystery of godliness was Christ. God manifested in the flesh in Jesus Christ. But that was not the whole plan of God. The mystery of godliness is Christ now pouring himself into the church today. It's the same God who wants to live inside of a human being. Inside of those who are sanctified, born again. God want to live his own life through us. Amen. That's the mystery of godness that's still unfolding. You are actually the expression of Jesus Christ today. As Jesus Christ was expression of God, we are the expression of Jesus Christ. In all things, we desire to honor God. And I'll read the prophet to to back up what I've just said. says in the position of seven churches he says if this is true then it must also be true that the bride church will mature and her ripeness shall be in identification with her lord by means of the word and her head who will come to her is the mystery of godliness which indeed is Christ. So when you receive Christ inside of her and you receive the head, you receive Christ inside of you. That's still the mystery of godliness because God has restore the word of God. With the restoration of the word will come the restoration of the power. He is now in you. You are his attribute. You've got eternal life. Your life always was. You was God thinking the color of hair. Whatever you are, you was God thinking. You are just materialized. And that's what God was when he was materialized in Christ. God displayed manifest in flesh in Christ it became material that God could we could touch. Amen. Let me just say again if we can fellowship was through the riches of his word which you are a part of. You are part of the word because it was the word at the beginning. You are the word now. I'm preaching tonight on Sunday one of the day when I get about what the word is. Now you are part of the word. Amen. If it was the word of God you are now part of the word of God. And God isn't a man. is identifying himself today in his church. In the born again Christian, God identifies himself that he remains God. Outside the world will only know God as they see God in you and I. That the only way that they'll know God is when we are written epistles, epistle of the scripture. We are read of old man. That life that we live reflect what God inside of us. A man is identified by the works that he does. So our works should be good. See always good because we are representing our Lord Jesus Christ. I want to be like God because I am God already. I'm a mature God. That's why I want to be like God to reflect Jesus Christ. People will know Christ only through us. Written epistle of Jesus Christ. Musicians can come. God over you. God with us. Now God in us. All that God was, he poured into Christ that Christmas. A real Christmas. What God was, he poured into Christ. All that Christ was, he poured into the church. At that day, you will know that I am in the father, the father in me, I in you, and you in me. It's been God all day. You see, is is the same works. The church is ordained to carry on on his work with the same spirit. You couldn't carry on the same work without the same spirit. That's right. The same spirit carries on the work. Amen. The other part I bring maybe another time a portion that I didn't touch but touch another time. Thank God. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me as I lift my hands to a shify flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through. Can we stand together and sing? Help our brothers here. There's no You're learning that song, right? Holy Spirit flow through me. All through me. Holy Spirit flow through me as I dig my head to worshipy thy name. flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Is that the desire of your heart, Lord? That Holy Spirit flow through me. All I desire is the power of the Holy Ghost to move my life, to change me, to change my way of thinking so I can reflect Christ. One more time. Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me as I lift my hands to worship and to my right. flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. To be like Jesus. Let's sing that song. To be like Jesus. to be like Jesus. On earth I long to be like you. All through life's journey from faith to glory. I only ask to be like him. One more time. To be like Jesus. to be like like Jesus. On earth I hope to be like him. God's rule journey from death to glory. I only ask to be like him. Is that the desire of your heart? As our heads are bow down just take a little moment just to meditate upon the word of God is not to speak about any person and particular to try to put condemnation anything as the prophet says our holiness is not about our own holiness it's about God's holiness but father let my desire be to be pleasing to you Father, Lord, thank you. If there is something that need to change, help me to change because my desire is to please you, Lord. Whatever you have in store for me, I desire just to please you. Jesus Christ lived as he loved, Lord, to serve you, to serve others, to forgive. Father, help me to be that kind of person. To be like Jesus, not to be selfish, not to look at the only my status, only do things when it pleases me. But the father even sometimes when it does not please me. But Lord, I want to be a servant for others. I desire the power not only the form of godliness or a religious spirit or a message title but when the life is not reflecting the life of Christ and there is something wrong but help me Lord to be sincere with myself and sincere with others sincere with you Lord I desire to please you can we just bring that in prayer and then each one is praying Lord our desire is to be like You father desire father lord is to be changed from the inside out father that's still worldliness worldliness is not only father lord the immorality worldliness is the the way of leodyia thinking that's worldliness father lord the conception the easy life or lukewarm spirit lukewarm religion father lord people where we lose the passion for the word of god zeal for the word of God or become just too selfish. Lord, take that away from me, God. I give me the life of Jesus Christ, the literal life of Jesus Christ. Help me, Father, to live like knowing that I'm a son of God, son of the king. Oh God, for the sister, I'm a daughter of the king. I'm I'm a I'm a queen. I'm a princess, father Lord, and to live like a nigle to go beyond the conception of Leodysia. But father to climb higher to be like Christ. The word of God expresses to us what Christ was. Help us Lord to match what the word of God says. Father you work with man. You work in collaboration with man. Father you are a gentle man. Even leia you said you can't open the door. You want them to be saved. You want people to be saved. You want people to be mature. But you can't open the door. You are a gentle man until the persons open the door. until the person is willing to say Lord I I forsake myself I forsake my ideas but I want to take your word then father you can bring him to another level that's the way you work father help me as well father make me willing to be like Jesus not my will but your perfect will father lord let me die to myself as Jesus Christ died on the cross let me be nailed oh God my old nature be nailed to the cross by the newness of life comes forth and express itself. Bless my brother, bless my sister, bless the families. Lord, thank you for the sacrifice. Thank you for oh God the finding favor with them. The word of God was a little bit correct in this way. Father, that's just a portion of the word of God and just being faithful in the small things and the big things, but all for your glory, Lord. It's not a man, but it's you about you. Yes. May yourself, Father, bring us to the level you want us to be. Bless your people, Father. Lord, thank you for each one. Thank for each family. Thank you, Father, for the men, the heads of home. Thank you, Father, Lord, for this wonderful church, Father, that stood for you. Bless them richly, Lord, as we commit ourselves, you humble ourselves to you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Pleasing, let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Lord, I'm praying. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. One more time, pleasing. Oh, pleasing, Lord. Let me be pleasing to you. Let your fe Oh, be pleasing to you, Lord. I'm praying. Let everything pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. Is that the desire of your heart? Lord, I desire just to be pleasing to you. Help me to be pleasing to you in everything that I do, in everything that I pursue, and pleasing to you. There's a request here. God bless you saints. Just want to let you know that Esther and Sister Rama will be in Calgary next week. They'll be back on the 29th. So keep us in all in prayers. Just want to pray for them and Amen. Pray for all those are traveling. Brother Peter, brother Zeke, and brother Philipe, my brother got free and pray for sister Sharifa and Zeke, would you come and pray even for yourself as well? Amen. Praise the Lord. Wasn't that a wonderful message? That hit the spot, didn't it? Amen. That we need more of that. Amen. I think our brother should take the liberty just to say as it is and he has this morning. Amen. We need to live a holy life unto the Lord Jesus. A godly life. Amen. Praise God. I so enjoyed the message this morning. Hallelujah. Can we just give the Lord a praise offering? Thank you, Lord. I believe the Lord brought us the right man. How many believe that? Can we thank the Lord for that? Hallelujah. Let's all raise our hands, shall we? And thank the Lord Jesus for the message this morning. It was I believe it was God's word. Amen. We all need to be more circumspect, more cautious, living for Jesus like Jesus lived. Hallelujah. Father in heaven, we thank you for brother Moses. It wasn't too hard for us because that's what we want to hear. We want to get right with you, Lord. We want to be make the rapture. Lord Jesus, forgive us where we've failed you. Yes, Lord. Forgive you, Lord. Forgive us where we have failed in different ways. And it's not that we're in adultery or fornication, but Lord Jesus, may our attitudes be all changed into the image of God. May we think like you think, Lord, like the word tells us to think, Lord, like the prophet thought, like Lord Jesus, we're so so needy, Lord God. We all are needy, Lord. We're Lord, being distracted by the world, different things. Yes. Not sinful things, but just distracted by the things of the world. May this Christmas time, Lord, we not be distracted. Yes, we want to make it nice for our families, but may Jesus be the center, yes, Lord, of everything that we do or say or think about. Oh yes, we like to receive gifts and and all this, but Lord Jesus, you are the center of our lives. Yes, we want to obey thy word. We want to stay far away from the world. Amen. Oh, like that that stage coach driver. He wanted to stay right close to the to the to the mountain to the We want to stay close to the word of God. Yes. So this morning, we pray for those that are traveling different ones, brother Philippi and brother uh our brother um Godfrey and and and sister Esther and and and uh Rahima Lord Jesus the different ones that are traveling go with us too Lord Jesus traveling to yes Father uh to Vancouver Lord to visit our children Lord Jesus we're so happy that we're able to travel Lord and and see our family Lord that's our desire Lord our families amilies are so on our hearts, Lord. We want to just be with them and we want to spend eternity together. Lord, bring them all in, Lord Jesus. We thank you for our families. Hallelujah. Every family here, Lord, that's represented in this little congregation. Would you bless them, Lord? We thank you for everyone that came out. Yes, Lord. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that you brought them here, Lord. You're speaking to them that they need to be in church. Thank you Jesus Lord. Like our brother said Lord Jesus it was the custom of Jesus to go to church. We want to be here Lord where the word is preached. Oh God we thank you today. Everything that was said Lord Jesus I say amen. May it be so. Lord may thy name be glorified. Oh God give our brother anoint him to preach the word just like it is. Even if it hurts us, Lord, it's good for us. Help us, oh God, that we have a minister that preaches us. What the prophet said, the prophet tells us if we don't preach, Lord, the way we need to dress, the way we need to talk, he's a chicken feeder, but we need to hear it just like it is. If we have the nature of Christ on the inside, it will reflect on the outside. Amen. And so we want to be godly. Godly like you are God. One godly Lord. Oh the word of God made manifest in the flesh. Yes Lord. The mystery of God made manifest not only in Jesus but be manifest in us. What a mystery that is. How God how the God the creator of heavens and earth can live in a human being like me. Thank you. Oh God. I thank you this morning. Thank you, Jes. We praise you this morning. Yes, Lord. Can we all say thank you, Jesus? Thank you. Thank you, Lord, this morning for everyone that's here, Lord. Blessed be thy wonderful name. Yes. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. Father in heaven, how we love you, Jesus. Lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in all praises. as your people declare your mighty word. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever. Oh blessed be the Lord. Let's bless him this afternoon. Let's praise him who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more. Let's try the first verse again. Oh father in heaven, how we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingom be established in our praises as your people declare your mighty word. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever. Blessed be the Lord. We bless you Lord. We worship you Lord. We glorify your name Jesus who was and is and is to God. Oh blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever. Amen. Do you love him? God bless you richly. Thank you for coming and see you on Sunday. So the Wednesday service is cancelled and I'm I'm a little bit ashamed to cancel it but um during this time if you can have a little bit time to invite one another look for a brother sister let let's try together make families meeting and keep it centered around Christ. So um on on Friday I will have a meeting of the young people. We have a potluck and and u it's either be at my place or at another brother's place. I want to give him that opportunity but if he's busy I it will be at my place. Um have a time with young people have a potluck and praise the Lord and sing and spend time in the presence of the Lord and hopefully you are not traveling still. It's next week right? So this Friday you'll be here, right? Oh, you said next week at the Oh, you'll be back next week. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. And so try to have a if you don't have a place to go. Uh you have to find my call me then. Then we have don't want to be on one person just by himself. We want to be have a fellowship during this time. God bless you richly. love you and may God bless you richly. Amen. Amen.
