################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 06 25 Moses Ndala When You Look, What Do You See - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-22
Title:    RWF 2025 06 25 Moses Ndala When You Look, What Do You See?
Speaker:  Moses Ndala
Church:   Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 44m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqjoLLI_mYc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Where are you? [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] with me and Not the dear believers. I am weak but thou art strong. Jesus keep me from all. [Music] I be satisfied as long as I be close to thee. [Music] Just a close walk with me. Granted Jesus is my plea. day walking close to thee. Let it be dear. Let it be when my people life is [Music] time for me will be no more. Guide me gently save thee, oh Lord, to thy kingom show to thy shore. I cross with Jesus is my [Music] day. Walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be just a closer. Just a closer walk with me. Jesus is my plea. [Music] day walking close to the none but dear Lord let it be [Music] welcome and God bless I keep coming Back to the well. Blessed is the fountain in a barren land that satisfies the thirst of the inner man. No better place can be found to dwell. Or won't you come to the well? I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is the power and sweet is the taste. Whenever temptations and trials I face, I keep coming back to the way. Jesus made a well at Calvary for healing, cleansing, and victory. Now is joy over time. Thank God for the way. I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is the power and sweet is the taste. Whenever temptations and trials I face, I keep coming back to the well. I keep coming. I keep coming back to the well of grace. Great is the power and sweet is the taste. Whenever temptations and trials I face, I keep coming back to the way. But yes, I know. Come ye sers lost and hopeless. Jesus blood can make you free. For he saved the worst among you. when he saved a wretch like me. And I know, yes, I know [Music] Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner plead. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the violent sinner clean. To the faint he giveth power. Through the mountains makes a way. Findest water in the desert turns the night to golden day. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. And I know. Yes, I know. Jesus blood can make the vilest sitter thee. In temptation he is near thee. Holds the powers of hell at bay. Guides you to the path of safety. gives you grace for every day. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner plead. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. He will keep thee while the ages roll throughout eternity. The earth hinders and hell rages. All must work for good to thee. And I know. Yes, I know. Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean and I know. Yes, I know. [Music] Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. He will keep thee while the ages ro eternity. Though earth hinders and hell rages, all must work for good to thee. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vilest sinner clean. Amen. [Music] Just before we go to the announcements, uh there is kind of an announcement. It's sister Claudia's birthday is what it says here. So, we can we can sing her a happy birthday. A happy birthday. A happy birthday to you. A happy birthday to you. May you feel Jesus give every day of the year. A happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. The best one you've ever had. [Music] And actually, maybe if you'll just stand with me. they will just go to the Lord in prayer. Um there's no written request here, but brother Zigga Sister Neita will be traveling to uh BC. Yes. So I was thinking over the border there and uh I think brother Victor is still traveling. I don't know where Peter is, but we'll just pray for him. He's got I don't I didn't know. So let's bow our heads. Lord, heavenly father, we just, Lord, we thank you, Lord, for Lord, another, Lord, breath you've given us. Lord, another day, Lord, that we can live, Lord. Another day, Lord, that we can, Lord, experience your mercy, Lord, your grace, Lord, your salvation, Lord, that Lord, you've given us, Lord, Lord, all things, Lord. And we thank you, Lord, for that, Lord. We thank you, Lord, that your Lord your spirit can dwell in man, Lord. Lord, that you made a way, Lord, for that, Lord. That Lord, we're wherever we are, Lord, you can be with us, Lord. That there's no Lord Lord, there's no physical, Lord, innermost courts anymore, Lord. A building, Lord, that we have to go to to meet you, Lord, to to to see you, Lord, to have a priest intercede for us, Lord. You became the high priest, Lord. You Lord, you Lord, you intercede, Lord, at the throne, Lord, for us, Lord. And Lord, we just we we thank you, Lord. And Lord, we pray, Lord, that you be with Lord, brothers and sister, Lord, as they're traveling, Lord. Lord, as they're visiting family, Lord, would you just go with them, Lord? And Lord, be with Brother Victor, Lord, as he's still away also, Lord. And and Brother Peter, Lord, as he's traveling, Lord, and Lord, would you abide here, Lord, with us, Lord? Would you, Lord, anoint the lips of Brother Moses, Lord? And, Father, would you, Lord, speak to us, Lord? Father, we want to, Lord, hear from you, Lord. We want to, Lord, commune with you, Lord. Lord, we ask, Lord, that you'd have your way, Lord, and in the psalms, Lord, and just, Lord, meet with us. praying in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. If you want to put those announcements up if that's possible. [Music] So I think that's next [Music] anyway. So yeah, brother Rashan uh Messi is uh this next coming Sunday. Yes. And he was just at Brother Eds, I believe, right? He was at Brother Eds, I believe. Yes. So he'll be with us on Sunday and then uh I guess that'd be two Sundays from now I guess brother Delhi. So that'll be a Saturday service at 6 p.m. and then Sunday July 13th in the morning. So but you can have seats if you like. [Music] Let's change the order a little bit. Let's sing uh in moments like these. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I will love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. singing. I love you, Lord. I love you. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. moments like these. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. [Music] Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. [Music] Love singing [Applause] singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. singing. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I'm in love with Jesus. [Music] I'm in love with Jesus [Music] and he's in love with me. [Music] I am of King Jesus. [Music] I like for you to see. [Music] He's the healer of all diseases. He's the master of the sea. [Music] Oh, I'm in love with Jesus. And he's in love with me. [Music] I'm in love with Jesus. and he's in love with me. I have a picture of King Jesus I'd like for you to see. [Music] He's the healer of all diseases. He's the master of the sea. [Music] [Applause] I'm in love with Jesus and he's in love with me. Amen. Maybe if you'll stand with me. Let's sing. I claim the blood. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] and takes me through. When life is pressing me, [Music] I have a source of power from above. I'm covered over by a shield of blood. I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those preious blood stains were made there just for me. [Music] For all my sin, my sickness and my pain. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood stains. I do not know how others make it through. who never go to Calary as I do for there's a heal healing cleansing stream which flow with peace that all is redeemed can know. [Music] [Applause] I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those precious blood stains were made there just for me. for all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I claim those precious blood as as brother Moses come. Just let's sing a master we are here. M [Music] we are here master. We are here m we are here. We are here for you. Savior. Savior. Savior. We are saveior. We are save. We are [Music] We are for you. [Music] I say yes. Yes. Yes. I say yes. Yes. [Music] Yes. I say yes, Lord. I say yes, Lord. I say yes. Yes. Say yes to your word. I will say yes. I'll say yes. Yes. Yes. To your will in my life. I'll say yes. I say yes. Yes. Yes. To your promise. I'll say yes. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes. Yes. Father, Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you, Lord, to be in your presence this evening. Lord, we glorify your name. We say hallelujah to your name. Father, we glorify your name. You are worthy to be praised. Father, Lord, your word is yes and amen. Amen. Father, your word can never be defeated. Your word is the truth. Are the absolute truth. Father, we say yes to the promises. We say yes to your word. We say yes, Father, to your love towards us. We say yes, Father Lord, to your question. You say, "Do you want to go with me?" We say yes. Do you want to follow me? We say yes, Father Lord, to your healing. We say yes to your salvation, we say yes. Father, we are here for you. You are the master. You are the healer. You are the savior of our souls. You are the lover of our heart, Father. the fairest of 10,000s for our soul, Father. Oh Lord, the beauty of the lily of the valley. It's you, Lord. Father, the bright and morning star, you, the Lord Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever, the alpha and you Omega, the savior, the redeemer. Father, we say yes to your word. We love you and appreciate you, Father. May you bless, Father, this service, the remainder of the service. Thank you for the song service, the presence already that we can feel, Father, that you have been already here. Lord Jesus Christ, now Father, we just desire to hear more from you once again. Father, one thought, one word will make a difference. You know the needs among us, Father, the family we represent, the loved ones, Father, Lord, behind the burden of our heart. Lord Jesus Christ, we come to you, Lord. We thank you, Father, because you are always faithful to your word. You say whatever two will be two or three will be gathered in my name you will be there father not you might be there but you will be there we believe that you are here father in this prayer meeting let your name be glorified in Jesus Christ's name we pray and bless your people in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen amen greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ this evening it's good to be in the house of the Lord praise be to Thank you, brother Andrew. Thank you, Sister Wendy. Thank you, Sister Wendy, for stepping in and covering. Thank God for that. God bless you richly. Appreciate that. And brother Jerry Fox, God bless you. Good to see you. Was talking with my wife. There's been a long time. So, brother Jerry said, "Well, why don't you call him?" So I don't want to push him. Felt a bit scared to call you but we thank you. It has been a long time. We missed you. God bless you. Amen. We have a the young people meeting at on Friday 7:30 at uh Papa Papa Matendo's place. Thank you for for them opening the house and welcoming us. God bless them richly. God bless them richly and and thank God for that. God bless you. Brother Zeke's traveling as has been mentioned. Sister Anita, we'll miss you. I miss I will miss my I'm glad I'm not the one preaching on Mon on on Sunday. I will miss my left Amen corner here. That's I enjoy. like um so 2 Kings chapter 6 2 Kings chapter 6 from 15 to 17 mentioned that many times but the scripture I also like Elisha at Dortan for 15 And and when the servant of the man of God was risen early, and gone forth, behold, and host compassed the city, both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, Alas, my master, how shall we do? And he answered, Fear not. For they that be with us are more than they that be with them. Amen. And Elisha prayed and said, "Lord, I prayed you open his eyes that he may see." Amen. And the Lord opened the eyes of the young man, and he saw, and behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha. Amen. May God bless his word. Can have a seat. Amen. I invite you again to go to the Exodus 14. similar scripture, similar context and Exodus 14, 13,6 Bible says, "And Moses said unto the people, people fear not. If you start even from 12, is not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, "Let us alone that we may serve the Egyptians, for it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians than that we should die in the wilderness." And Moses said unto the people, "Fear ye not. Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord, which he will show to you today. For the Egyptian whom you have seen today, you shall see them again no more forever. And the Lord shall fight for you, and he shall hold, and he shall hold your peace. And the Lord said unto Moses, Wherefore Christ thou unto me? Speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward, but lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it, and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea. May God bless his word. Amen. like to just to use those two examples a little bit to stress on the importance of faith once again as we are on this subject of faith. I think faith is a very important thing. Amen. I think once we once you really have faith and the real real revelation of faith Christian life will become much simpler much simpler if you have faith. Amen. And that's what I just want to emphasize here. For me, these two situations are very similar and it show how God expects us, what God expects from us because they're very similar. It looks like like an experience of Moses. It showed that sometimes he go through situations. Moses was called. He had a commission. Prophet will use that in why cry and speak. He had a commission. He has been called. It says Moses had that saved the Lord. He had comes and everything was thus saved the Lord. Thou save the Lord. Thou save the Lord. But Moses was a confirmed prophet. He was vindicated prophet. He knew his place. He knew that God called him when he went on his own. He failed. He killed only one Egyptians. Only one Egyptian. And he had to run away from from that from that from that. And he knew that he was called for that. Knew that was something special about him. He knew his mothers told him. But he did not have a personal experience with God. But this time he went back one man in invasion the prophet will call it. He knew he knew that God was standing with him. He knew that God will fight for him. He knew that God will vindicate his word. The same thing for us, the same thing for you, the same thing for me. We know that when you have an experience with God, it's not your battle anymore. Is the Lord's battle. Amen. So we should not fear anything. Amen. We should not fear anything. We should not be we should not be tossed about. We should not be in turmoil. We should not be worrying, you know. We should just be moving forward checking if the word of God is the will of God and keep moving forward. Moses knew that he was in God's will. You know that God's God's perfect will because it was not the way Moses himself thought to go. There was many shortcuts but God told him to go that way over the sea. God put him in that way. He knew what will happen and God was in control of every situation. For your life, for my life, God is in control of every situation. You might not know why am I going this, why is this? Why there is an easier way? Why it happened this? But God is in control of every situation. But when he came here, he realized, oh, but but but there is no way. There's no way. Look to the left. Look to the right. Look behind the the left to right mountains behind the Egyptians forward there is the sea where the only way is looking into God. Amen. We come to those kind of situations we have to come to we go through all those kind of situation and thank God we go through those kind of situations because we can to look up to God. Amen. He knows it. Amen. And Moses came to that situation. Moses prophet say Moses started being worried and I like the way because it comes to I always like that because it comes to my I'm struggling with that if it's not your battle sometimes I struggle with that everything is fine but when something is out of order amen then this comes to my mind why are you worried why do you worry so much I have everything under control. Amen. Amen. Now Moses get in trouble and God say now I have got them started on their journey. They have all done called out the church is together. So have them I've got them all on their journey. Why? Cry speak. Moses take them over. I've told you to do. I'm going to sit down and rest a while. Let God speaking. Moses said oh Lord look coming here comes Pharaoh. The people are all what must I do? What must I do? See there isn't that the prophet isn't that just human beings we are all human beings isn't that just human beings yes sir begin to cry what must I do here we see Moses expressingly fully human nature always wants God to get behind always want God to get behind you and push you into something that's today you want God after we have seen all we have seen yet you want God to push you to do something. See, Moses had just laxed around and said, "God, I'll go ask you and see what you say." Yeah. Yeah, you say it. Well, all right. I'll say it. I'll say it too. But here, God had ordained him for the job. Prove that he was with him. Here he is. The circumstances come up. Difficult circumstances, different circumstance than what he thought. He thought that when Pharaoh had said, you know, you go and make sure you don't come back anymore and he put them away. Moses probably thought that no, that's it with Pharaoh. I'm have nothing to do with Pharaoh anymore. But here the circumstances has changed. Then he begins to cry, what can I do, Lord? What can I do? Now you remember he had already prophesied here. For he said, these Egyptians that you see today, you'll see them no more. Then immediately begin to cry God what can I we do and and he had done a pretty good job in prophesying that the prophet says but he told them what happened if the word of God was with him I was in him it was in him but when I was telling that it actually come to pass what know then the prophet goes on and says he had already proved what what you say will happen I am with you and here a circumstance rose in a moment what must I do Oh, what must I do, Lord? Yeah, Lord. Here. Where are you at? Yeah. Do Do you hear me, Lord? Do you hear me? Sometimes you pray feel like your prayers don't go in. Do you hear me? What must I do? He had already ordained him and vindicated him, proved and worked everything through him. And here God, oh my, fully expressing man wants to rest and let God do the pushing. So no, here you have to do this, here you have to do this, here you have to do this and everything. God gives you a commission and God stands behind you and you go with that commission. The prophet will take and put a balance about this message and he will say you know when he's talking about Paul prisoner of Christ and he preach one Sunday and another Sunday he preach another message and I forgot which one goes first I think the one goes first and say no remember my message I preach about it and he says and put a balance you know sometimes we go without having any commission we go and we do our own say no you need to be a prisoner of Christ you need to know what the Word of God say you are prisoner to what the word of God says. So you wait until you see what the word of God says before you do anything. But once you see what the word of God says, don't back off. Don't back. Keep continuing with the word of God because it is the word of God. I trust the word of God. I have faith in the word of God. I cannot deny the word of God. Paul had God told Paul and said, "Paul, go to Rome. I will be with you. You will stand there. I will be with you." But you know that from the point where God sent him to the point where he went wrong, he went through many trials. He went through many ups and downs, there was a a point where he had to stand be before I grippy, you know. He had to stand before before what the the Jews wanted to kill him all the trials. But he knew that God told me that I will be there. God will stand with me. Amen. Do you know that he went through a storm? Do you know that he want a shipwreck? Amen. But he didn't he didn't lose faith in the word of God. God told me that I will be there no matter what. I will be there. Do you know that there was a snake on the way that beat him? But he didn't didn't change his faith in the word of God. God told me I'll be there. I will be there. Amen. Did you know that the Roman soldier wanted to kill him? But that didn't change anything. The angel of the Lord told me that I will be there. I will be there. God told you. God told me that he will never leave you. He will never forsake you. We should just rest in God's promises. God, you are with me. You are walking with me. You are answering my prayers. Praise be to your name. It's not my battle. It is your battle, Lord. I will trust in you no matter what. I don't understand. I don't see it. But you are with me. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you. Oh my. Amen. It's the same God. God is with you. That's what Elisha was. Elisha was the same circumstances as Moses. The same circumstances, but he didn't have to doubt. He didn't have to be worried. Did not have to tremble. I like that quote of the prophet. I tried to look for it, but didn't find it. He didn't even have Prophet. No, he he I don't think he had he saw them, but he he knew that they were there. You don't have to see the angels that are there, but you know that they are there. Amen. Praise be to God. Whether you see it, you don't see, they are there. Amen. Because God is telling the angel of the Lord shall camp around those who fear the Lord. Amen. I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. The world might not see me, but you will see me. What kind of eyes do you have to see God? Amen. Amen. That's my title today. When you look, what do you see? When you look, what do you see? Circumstances. Same circumstances, same problems. But when you look at those problems, what do you see? Do you focus on the problems? You focus on the difficulty? Do you focus on the challenges? Or do you see God inside that trial? Amen. Elisha looked at the same situation, the same Syrians, the same army. They're coming. They're coming to look for Elisha. They're not even coming to look for Gazi. But the Gazi is trembling. Is is is Oh, what am I going to do? What am I Look at the soldier. Look at the Syrians. He lashes. Oh, don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. The one who is with us, those who are with us are greater than those that you see. The invisible army around us. Amen. Oh, I like that. Oh, praise be to God. The prophet says, "Resting in Christ perfectly. No matter what comes or goes, nothing can touch us without it comes over the shepherd first. He has to permit it. The Bible says all things work together for good to them that love the Lord has to come over shepherd first. Said I am the door. No man can come in without me accepting it. If he is the shepherd, if there of the sheepfold is standing there, no danger, no problem can go to us before it goes through him first. So he has to agree. He has to allow knowing that you can stand a trial knowing that you can stand a difficult time knowing that you he can he cannot give you anything that is beyond what you can stand. So just trust in him trust in his word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Prophet says in faith he says as you see the great army looking for Elijah said oh my father the whole armies they have gathered and surrounded here. They're looking for you. He didn't shake that old prophet one bit. It might have been cancer. It might have been tuberculosis. It might have been a stroke, but he didn't shake that prophet. He looked at him and said, "Son, there is more with us than there is with them." No matter what, the enemy can try to be there looking for you, but he cannot find you. Do you know that when they arrive to the prophet, we are looking for Elisha the prophet? Oh, you're looking for Elisha the prophet. Oh, come come come. I will lead you to Elisha the prophet. He will lead him. But he's there with them. Completely blinded. They can't see what happening. They are bl they are looking but they can't see. What do you see? You they don't see the prophet. Why? Because they were completely blinded. Amen. the situation sometimes we go through it's not us we should try to try to solve everything on our own mind let God take into control over that situation one person said one time says I was talking to two people one was blind and the other one was was normal person and he was talking to them and he's explaining something in a situation and the blind person says, "Oh, I see it. I see it." And the normal person says, "I don't see it." Now you ask, "Who is blind?" I thought that you will see it when the blind won't want it. But the blind caught it right before the other one. So seeing is not always with our eyes. There is another seeing that we have to see with and that's what God want us to see with. Faith is a super sense. Faith is a sense that goes beyond the natural sense. Faith is something that you cannot always understand with our natural senses. We get to that. Hopefully I have a little bit of time. I don't want to stay too long. Give time for prayer. But I just want to put that in our faith. The prophet says our faith cannot rest upon nothing. A Christian has to have or his faith has to have a solid resting place. You know that the only resting place that a Christian, a true bornagain Christian can rest his faith or hers is upon the unmovable word of God. Amen. It isn't built upon the shifting sands of man's theology or doctrines or upon some church affiliation. But the true believer is faith its rest solidly on shifting as he approaches the word of God. Amen. Now he says, "I say the Christian faith is based solidly upon rest." That's right. A Christian is not tossed about. A Christian doesn't run from place to place. A Christian doesn't fast and fume and worry about things. A Christian rests. It's all over. It's all finished for the believer at Calvary. That's right. Or sickness may come and disappointment. Disappointment may come. How many believe that disappointment can come? What is a disappointing? It may seem you expecting it to be this way and then it turned out to be the other way and you get disappointed and no disappointment can come and they will come. Says but disappointment come but the Christian is at rest. Knowing this knowing that God is able to keep that which he has performed. Knowing that no matter what the things is or how it looks, there is neither sickness or sorrow or death. There is neither starvation or anything that can separate us from the love of God that is in Jesus Christ. We are at rest. So let the old sheep toss and toss any way she wants to. The anchor holds. Amen. A Christian is not you holding God. It's God holding you. Amen. So we should just rest knowing that God has everything under control. The anchor holds and the anchor master hold. And he tell about the story. I saw one time I was in a harbor. I saw a ship that was so tossed about one way or the other. He was wondering oh that ship is going to turn over. Oh wonder how can it stand? And the person was next to him. Oh don't worry. The anchor is holding. The anchor is so then as he saw that he realized himself. Oh, thank God. No matter what can happen one in the natural, in my senses, in my feelings, in the mind, by the anchor hold. Let the anchor hold. Let the faith hold. Let the super sense hold. Faith is the substance of things hoped for. Is the evidence of things that we don't see. How can you have an evidence if you can't if you can't demonstrate it? If you can't declare it, it means there must be a sense that has that evidence. Amen. So faith or the Holy Ghost is that is that sense that can have that evidence. Others cannot see but you by faith you see it. Amen. May God give us that that faith more and more. Prophet says my faith doesn't anchor in what the coming meetings will be. My faith doesn't rest in only in any ability that I would have or upon what church I will join or what people I should associate with. My faith anchors and rest entirely upon the finished work of the Lord Jesus Christ already been received. Every redemptive blessings, every redemptive blessings, healing, salvation, the Holy Ghost is is already being paid for at Calvary. Amen. What we need of is to have faith to hold to that promise of God and say it's mine. Amen. Amen. Super sense. The prophet says he said the super sense is the Holy Ghost. It says God gave those senses, the five senses. He says, but they are given to you as a gift. It depends on how you what you yield these senses to will be the way that your life is controlled. The way you yield those five senses. The way you let them control you, the way you let them lead you, the way you yield to one sense or the other, they control your life. They control our lives. Then he says, "But we are grateful to God that we have the five senses, but by no means was those was these five senses given to you to guide you. Our five senses of the flesh were not given to us to guide us." Amen. That's right. They were given to you for earthly contact but it was given to you but there was given to you the six sense and the sixth sense is belongs only to the Christians. You cannot have the six sense until you become a Christian. Amen. It is the only way that you can ever can ever have any more than the five natural senses for the natural person. The six sense is better known to the Christian as faith. It's the one that governs and guides you and is superior to all the other senses. It's superior to all of the senses, the other five senses. Now I would not say that because that you have the six sense that the five senses are no good no more. Yes they are. Those five senses were given to you by God and they are to be used. But when the five senses act contrary to the word of God then they are lying. Amen. Because there is one sense that is superior than the other one. We have the five senses and if you are touching let me mean then say you have the five senses. You're touching something and it looks like something different. You know, you don't look at it and it's oh sometimes you put your phone and you look like you touch. Oh, it's like the same shape as the but to determine that it oh no it's not this not this was not the phone it was the table you can look at it and the eye as predominance to what you are feeling. Amen. It was feeling something close to it but when you look through your eyes you say oh no that's it. Sometimes you can look at someone and you hear like okay it sounds like oh me and the boys in my family people say we sound the same so I can be talking there then oh brother Moses there oh it's brother Moses but one you see oh no that's not brother Moses I thought it was brother Moses my hear I thought it was brother Moses you are very close amen but one sense predomin the other one the same thing for the five senses oh I feel I feel like I'm still sick see like I see the symptoms the same way I see but one the other senses of faith takes over. What I see is doesn't have doesn't matter anymore. It's what the word of God says that has predominance to what I see to what I hear to what I feel. Amen. The super sense have to guide that's been given us to guide us to control us. Amen. Amen. Amen. They say the super sense is the Holy Spirit, the faith that of God that dwells in you. And if you let the five senses be healed to the six sense, it will guide you and bring all the other five senses under control of that super sense. It's so far above the natural senses as the spiritual man is above the natural man. It makes you believe things that you cannot see. It makes you act where you do not think the five senses will ever think about it. The devil can get into these five senses and lie to you. But he cannot touch the super sense. The other five senses can be deceived. But the super sense cannot be deceived. The devil cannot touch the super sense. Oh God, let the super sense have control over our lives. Even in our church, hallelujah. When you look at your brother, don't look at the five senses anymore. You have a super sense. You know there is something in the seed of God in that brother, the seed of God in that sister. No matter her mistakes, no matter what she got, if she's a God's daughter, I have to respect her. I have to love her. I have to pray for her. Let the circumstance control our lives. So that's far beyond the reach that come from God. It's called faith. Faith is that great things. Amen. Oh, praise be to God. Then he goes in this in the same super super sense says it's given this illustration of the senses of the natural man is born with these senses. So they are natural given senses that's really one thing that will ever known about it in his intellectual thinking. He can only think as a man you know you determine what a man is by how those five senses work. Five senses of the flesh, five senses of the mind. You see, oh that person is this way, that person is this way, or that person I was tall, that you characterize everything based upon those five senses. Amen. If you see the 10 senses, the spirit and oh that's a person. Oh, then you curify it. You see an animal, how do you know this animal different from the other animal? You see how they see and oh the eagle can see far and at that distance the other animal can swim. The smell, their five senses different. The five senses determine the characteristics of an animal and it's good. Amen. But a Christian is determined by a super sense that is way beyond the other five senses. So the natural man would walk like the natural man. They do things like the natural man. But we should not depend on the natural things only. God, help me to see what you see. Help me to hear what you hear. Help me to have the discernment of your discernment. Amen. That's our prayer. Lord, help me to see what you see because faith sees what God sees. Amen. When you look, what do you see? In any problem that will come in our life, a problem comes. Oh yeah. The natural man will look at the problem. Oh, according to the five senses that we have given to handle that things. But that way he can stop. That's where he has been built to. But the Christian is built differently. The same problem. But God, I want to see you beyond that problem. Amen. The prophet says that's where faith, genuine Christian faith rest. Resting place is the word. And for it know that God will ever prove himself superior over everyone of his enemies. No matter how bad it looks, how the enemy has come in or look like you are defeated, faith still knows. Amen. In reality, you might be surrounded. In reality, things might go wrong, but faith will take it out. Faith will never be defeated. Amen. In 1 Corinthians 2:11 says, "What man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him. Even so the things of God knoweth no man by the spirit of God. Only the spirit of God can understand God. Only the spirit of God can see what God sees. Amen. That's why the new birth is important because without the new birth, you cannot see. You cannot understand the kingdom of God. That's why it's important to have the new birth. We come back on it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Prophet says in faith, just come to him and rest. If it's Jehovah Jara, rest on it. If it's Jehovah Rafa, rest on it. If it's the Lord that saves us by grace, rest on it. If it's the Lord who heals us by grace, rest on it. If it's the God that is coming from heaven with 10,000s of his saints, rest on it. If the dead in Christ shall rise first, rest on it. Everything is about rest. Amen. Oh my, I feel pretty religious right now. I'm I'm feeling too resting, not jumping about from pillow to post and carried about every kind of of wind of doctrine, but resting on what God said. Every promise in the book is yours. Every amen and yay is yours. What you got to be wor what you got to be worried about. Even old age, it shouldn't have anything to do with it. Sickness has nothing to do with it. God promised and God has to keep his promise. So see what we are trying to do is get the scare away from you. Amen. Because the enemy like to put fear in those two scriptures what we read they say fear not because once you start fearing it paralyzes your faith. Fear paralyzes your faith. But God want us to see a long vision of faith. I'm not looking at the present. I look at at at God's promise. Amen. Because the fear is to make us look at the present circumstances. That's right. How you feel, how you see how things are turning wrong. Oh no, I feel I'm overwhelmed and oh Lord, I I don't know what the tomorrow is going to be. Tomorrow God will make a way. Amen. He's the way maker. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Why Christ speak prophet says faith sees what God wants you to see. Hallelujah. Faith sees what God sees. Amen. And reasoning and senses see what the world wants you to see and see. Notice reasoning. Why? It's only human sense only reason this and this is it that this is just good and and and so on. That's just exactly when you use those senses which is contrary to the word. That's what the world want you to see. But faith don't look at that. Faith looks what God said. See, you know, you cast down reasons. The 12 spies that went into the promised land. They had the same five senses of the flesh, the same five senses of the mind. They saw the same circumstances, the same giant, the same problems, the same walls, the same training the others had. And and they look the same situations. But two of them, they had a different discernment. I see the same thing, but I don't look at the same thing. All the same thing that I see, they're just going to glorify the promise of God in my life. We are more than overcomers. We are more than conquerors by Jesus Christ. Amen. These giants no matter who they are, they are going to be defeated because it is our land. Amen. It is our possession. It is our inheritance for our family, for our situations, whatever we are going through. It is our inheritance. Praise be to God. The word of God says so. And I keep moving on. How it going to happen? I don't know. But God says it is my inheritance. I'll just walk around that that giant until God says move on. and I move on. Amen. Amen. Abraham and Lot the same thing. They looked the same situation, the same thing, the same wilderness. Oh, but one was called, the other one was just following. And look, no, it has been too hard. It too hard for me. He looked behind and he saw, oh, Sodom and Gomorrah. Oh, that's a better place. Oh, I I I I can make Oh, yeah. That's a Abraham said, "Oh, you can go. If you go that way, I will go the other way." Amen. I will stay. Brother, you need you're listening to is commenting between the two wives. The wife of of Abraham and the wife of of Lot. Sarah is probably complaining. Look at the wife of Lot. She doesn't she doesn't have to go through these things. Maybe she has lady and and maids that the cleaning or things and all and mine I'm just in the wilderness here nothing to do and he says he has been called by God really in this message I don't see anything why this happening my friend why look complain and complaining don't look at that don't you are looking too much with your eyes you need to look at God's promise this is our land this is it's rich it's written milk and honey this land this wilderness rich in milk and honey this land praise be to God today that that Israel still defending the same land today God's promise they will never fail amen hopefully I don't lose you there prophet says here's the thing I want you I want to ask you tonight for the next few minutes but when you look the question is what do you see when you look. What do you see when you do look? That only depends on what you are looking for. Now he said, "Look unto me all the ends of the earth." Moses lifted up the serpent and ever who looked got healed. Now it depends on what you are looking for. If you come you are looking for says another place says if you will focus your mind to God's words the tree will be one says when you have a binocular you're looking sometimes you see things distorted says you know the problem is not that thing it's still one God still promise the promise of God it's still the Lord Jesus Christ but you need to refocus so that you look properly and it will see that everything has to be about Jesus Christ amen Amen. Sometimes you think you look at the situation or the Oh, it looks like it's you handling the situation. No, it's not you. Refocus a little bit. You'll see that it's Jesus Christ in control of every situation. Amen. So, it depends on what you are looking at. What do you see when you look when you do look? Remember, you can only see him as you look at him through the word. You can't look at him through a textbook. What do you see him when you look? Do you see that? Do you see that? He was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we were healed. Look, what do you see? Do you see deliverance? Do you see what he is? Look through the word and see what he was. Then you look through the same word and see and see he is the same today as he was then. He is the antitype of the brass serpent in the wilderness for the same cause sin and sickness. Amen. So that what I'm saying this Lord help me to look properly and to see what the word of God says not what my feeling says not what I'm think not my thinking but looking to your word you know at some point Elijah coming back to Elijah not Elijah but Elijah some point when he promised that there will be there will be a drought in the land for three years there no rain and everything but some point when the three years passed And Elijah was looking for the rain. He was waiting for the rain. He asked his servant, "Go look if you see anything." The servant went and looked. He said, "I don't see anything. I I don't see." So, go look again. You must see something because it's God's promise. It has to be fulfilled. And he went and he looked. I don't see anything. Seven times, seven churches, he didn't see anything. He didn't see anything. And then he saw a little bit of I see a little cloud like a hand. And then then I see a little a little sign over there. Sometimes God can give you just a little sign, a little thing inside of the heart. A little thing, not too much. But let me tell you, that's already the blessings of God coming. Just that little sign God gave you. Hold upon it. And Elijah says, "Go tell the king to start rejoicing because there are many rains of blessing that's going to form. starts already rejoicing by seeing that little hand just that little cloud in your life. Amen. In my life. Amen. Finishing with this three quotes invisible unif says it was put there by predestination. You were for then to a son of God to be a son of God. You were God before the foundation world. You are only manifested this day for his honor and glory. How can you do it without honoring his word and stand with every word of God? Yes sir. Which you are a part of that word by predestinations because look the God is the word. That's what I want to tell you the bride this morning. You are part of God by predestination. mean nothing can change God's program in your life because you are part of that word of God says we are coming perfect faith we are coming now to perfection because the people has to come to this in order for the rapture that's what is holding it away right now he's waiting for that church to come into that perfect raptured faith looking for it means a lot of shaving down from me it means a lot for you but together we'll make it by the grace of God. Lord, I need that perfect faith in my life. I need a perfect faith in the church. I need that perfect faith in my family. But let me let me be willing to be shaved to go through the shaving. But if it takes a lot of shaving, let it be done in my life as long as I can be able to see you the way you want me to see you. Amen. Remember that Elisha as he was talking about that servant next to him says, "Oh Lord, help him. open his eyes so that he can see because he doesn't see it. Lord, open his eyes. you know that Gaz at some point he had to have a a scene of a leprosy sickness later on and then but I don't want to go that but God answered to his prayer to the prophet says no open his eyes and his eyes was open and he looked and saw many angels the love that the prophet had for his servant to be able to open their eyes and to see let it be our prayer this evening praying for one another that God can open the eyes of one another. Amen. Amen. Pray for one another. The prophet says when one member will will talk against the other member, you know that's wrong. You are commanded to pray for one another, not to talk against one another, but to love one another. If someone is down, let's pick him up, help him. Now, that makes us a unified group of believers. When we don't obey that then we don't obey God and we displease God. Therefore our church our people cannot prosper. The church cannot go on is because we are disunified together. As Jesus said a little leaven lampens a little leaven leavenvens the lamp and in the message of the time super sense the prophet goes in that much detail. And this just touched my heart. Says if someone says sister so and brother so and so don't you believe one word of it you just leave it go because remember it's the devil trying to tear you to pieces. Now just look to him to go in because he'll do it. Now you let the good man you let the good man of the house faith stand right there and don't you receive one thing. These people have been set in heavenly places with you. fellowship together around the blessings of God. Taking the communion on the table and the Holy Spirit has witnessed that they are the children of God. So just let's just be real sweet, kindhearted, forgiving, loving. If the other person talks evil against you, you talk sweet against them. Watch how sweet comes to you then. See, that's right. Just always return good for evil, love for hate. Pray one for another. That's what we're going to do this evening. Musicians can come. Let's pray for one another. Look around you. Look your brother, your sister. Those who are here, those who might not be here. Think of someone in your heart, in the church, the family. Lord, I want to pray for my brother. I want to pray for my sister. I don't want to look. I don't want to see the flesh. I want to the five senses. Help me to see beyond the flesh. to see them the way you see them. You know, Balam made a mistake of Israel by looking at Israel in the natural, their own mistakes and they had a lot of mistakes and he failed to see the blessings of God. How God were looking at Israel. Amen. May God help us to see and look what God says. Amen. [Music] Said that to be small, but I just went over again. The more the more I surrender, the more I surrender myself, [Music] the the more I surrender. The lighter my love, the more that I release my feet, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. every day. Lord, I love you more. All that I surrender [Music] to my Lord, the more that I release my fear, the more the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me Every day I Lord I love you more. Let's go in prayer each one. [Music] How? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] And the things of earth will grow strange. live with you in the light of his glory and Heat. Heat. [Music] is wonderful. And the things of our world will grow strange in the light of his glory and grace. Have the primance in my life. [Music] And the pream [Music] have the preeminence you desire. [Music] work with our hands, drink with our hands, see with our eyes, and walk with our feet. Have the freance that you desire. You desire. [Music] You have the preeminence that you desire. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Work [Music] with our hands, speak with our lips, sing with our eyes, and walk with our glory. have the pree that you desire. [Music] Oh, is that the desire of your heart? Let the super sense have the primance above any other sense. We want the Holy Spirit to be our guide, the one controlling in the in the tower of our soul. Amen. I would like to invite on brother Papa Matendo, brother Zeke like to pray for you for the trip of mine and sister and Papa Mendo if you can come and just to pray for them. We'll miss you but [Music] Precious heavenly father, Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you for your grace, your mercy, Father, this evening. Lord, Father, Lord, we are coming here, uniting us with the church, uniting our faith, Father, to pray for Pastor Zeke and Sister Anita, Sophia, Father, that you'll watch over them as they will be traveling. Father, Lord, you are the pillar of fire, Lord. You guide your people and you watch over them, Father. May you keep them. May you watch over them. May you lead them, Father. Wherever they will be, let them be a blessing for the bride. May let it shine, Father, Lord Jesus Christ. But also, Lord, wherever they will be, let them be blessed and they be rested, Father, that where they will be, Father, they will give you the glory and the honor that you'll have the preeminence with them. Father, you've said in your word, Father, the angel of the Lord will be camping around those who fear you. As we heard this evening, Father, may you stand behind behind them, around them, watch over them, Father, standing between them and the danger that you, Father, give them, Lord, a good time in the family as we commit them to you. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Don't stay longer, though. Amen. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. Anyone want to have a special request would like to pray about it? Otherwise, we can just uh close our service this evening. Almost home. Almost home. [Music] Oh, almost. I've got a revelation in the almost. [Music] I got re [Music] up in the sky. [Music] We thought he was alone. He said it's not so much when you can see your soul. I've got revelation in a soul. Almost. Almost. I've got a revelation and I'm almost Amen. Amen. When you have a revelation, you see what God sees. Amen. May God bless you. Church is dismissed. Amen.
