################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 05 11 Max Boateng People of the Impossible - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 05 11 Max Boateng People of the Impossible
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMpQfM6Inn4
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Sal [Music] of his washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect submission. Perfect delight. Visions of rapure now burst on my side. Angels descending ring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. Perfect submission. [Music] All is at rest. I in my Savior am happy and blessed. Watching and waiting, looking above. Filled with his goodness, lost in his love. [Music] This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior [Music] all the day long. Blessed assurance, blessed assurance, Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foraste of glory divine. He of salvation, purchased of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Welcome. God bless. 192 All Hail King Jesus. [Music] All hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning star. And throughout eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more I will reign with him. All hail King Jesus. Oh hail Emmanuel. King of kings, Lord of lords, bright morninging star. And throughout eternity, I'm going to praise him. And forever more I will reign with him. [Music] Sing at 988 M land. [Music] kind of homestead for a country to which I've never [Music] been before. [Music] No sad goodbye will there be spoken and time won't matter [Music] anymore the land I'm lost longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand where my home shall be eternal. Bu sweet land. [Music] I'm looking now across the river to where my faith [Music] will end in. There's just a few more days to labor than I would my heavenly father. I'm longing for you. And someday [Music] on thee I'll stand where my hope shall be eternal. you lamb, sweet lamb. [Music] the time that we're in the world, it feels like we're we're at the Jordan and we're facing like we're going to cross prophecies that are happening that that were spoken and we're just sitting at the edge of the river waiting for the waters to be parted. So, let's sing that one more time at verse two. I'm looking now across the river to where my faith will end inside. There's just a few more days to labor. And then I'll take my heavenly fly. I'm longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand [Music] where my hope shall be eternal. Bullet sweet lamb. Maybe if you'll stand up, let's sing 1285, Child of the King. [Music] [Music] 871. In the presence of Jehovah. [Music] In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, [Music] Prince of Peace, troules manage, hearts are mened. day in the presence of the King in the presence of Jehovah, [Music] God Almighty, Prince of peace. Trles vanish. Hearts are mened in the presence [Music] of the king. One more time. In the presence [Music] of Jehovah, God Almighty, prince of peace, trles vanish, hearts are menish. [Music] in the presence of the king. [Music] There's I guess a couple prayer requests. We're still praying for brother Moses as he's away and brother Victor I think is traveling and for a brother-in-law Ken Walker he's has been feeling well for almost a month now over a month and the doctors don't know what's wrong and he's uh he's looking very frail and very sick and they just he's he's at home sick and he's been there and we just don't know what's what's wrong. If you can ask brother Z if you could come bring those before the Lord. [Music] Praise the Lord. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. You say amen. Amen. Let's just all pray together. Praise God. Lord Jesus, you've heard the prayer requests. Lord, they're serious. Oh, this Ken Walker, Lord, he needs salvation. Lord, we pray for him, not only for his health, but we pray that you would speak to his heart, to his heart, and his wife's heart. Lord Jesus, our sister Rochelle, Lord Jesus, that was a believer one time. We pray that you'd bring her back, Lord Jesus. Everything is possible in your presence. And so we bring them to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, there's different ones missing here this morning, but Lord Jesus, we're happy to be here. Thank you, Lord God, for protecting us and watching over us. And may those that are not here, may they, Lord, also feel the presence of the Lord. And may they, Lord Jesus, feel in their heart that the day of your coming is approaching so quickly that we can't miss one single meeting. Lord, help us, oh God, to be on fire for you. Help me to be on fire for you, Lord. Full of spirit, full of vi vibrancy, Lord Jesus, full of the Holy Spirit. We're expecting great things here this morning. And we thank you, Lord Jesus, for everyone that is here. And we praise your name this morning. Thank you, Lord, for being so good to us. all the those other needs, different ones, brother Dan, Lord, and and brother and sister Sophia, Lord, different ones, Lord, that are usually here, Lord. I pray that everything is well with them. And I pray the Holy Spirit would just speak to their hearts. We thank you in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. It's good. You know, we were gone for a few days, but Amen. But it's good to be back again. Amen. You know, we were in a church of something like 600 people. Amen. That's a big church, isn't it? Amen. And but you know, on Wednesday, there were only half half the church was full, but we heard a tape for about an hour and a half. It's good to listen to a tape sometimes. Can you say amen? Amen. And that's probably what we'll do on next Wednesday. So, come for a tape service. Amen. It's good to hear the voice of the prophet. Can you say amen? We've forgotten that. Amen. May our hearts be burning this morning. And I believe it's a special day. It's Sunday. It's the Lord's day. Amen. And not only that, it's Mother's Day. So, I'm going to take the opportunity to welcome and to greet our mothers and bless our mothers. May the Lord give you a rich blessing. Brother Brandham, do you know what brother Brandham said about mothers? Can I say that I have this opportunity to speak a little bit? You know, brother Brandham said the a godly mother is the fifth gospel. How many have heard that? I'm sure you've heard preachers say that. Maybe our brother will say that even this morning. But you know, she is the one the the that in her in the earliest of our life. She's a godly mother. At least I know my wife did it. But she taught our children the ways of the Lord. Yes. Every morning they had devotions. She told them the stories of Jesus and his love. These were not just stories. These were true events. And they were real in our family. That's why every one of our children is serving the Lord. Hallelujah. They saw Jesus in our family. And may the Lord Jesus grant us mercy that each mother would show their children that Jesus is real. Amen. You know, we're living in perilous times. You've heard the news. Brother Brandon predicted, I think it was 1962, wasn't it? Or 54. 54, I think it was. He Yeah. He predicted there would come a pope out of America. Now, he has been ministering. He's been a bishop there, a cardinal in in Peru, I believe, South America. But he is from America. I believe pro prophecy is being fulfilled. He's coming soon. We can't be laxening in this time that we're living in. There seems to be a laxity amongst believers in general. It's not only here, but wherever you go, there is a laxity. We have time for games. We have times for all sorts of things. And I know that it's it's happening in my family. But may the Lord just put something in our hearts that we might be serious about the Lord's business. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. So, Brother Andrew, continue worshiping the Lord. Amen. You can greet one another as you're seated. [Music] of [Music] Behold, what manner of love the Father has given unto us. Behold, what manner of love the Father has given unto us, that we should be called the sons of God. That we should be called the sons of God. Behold what manner of love the Father has given unto us. Behold what manner of love the Father has given unto us. That we should be called the sons of God. that we should be called the sons of God. Behold, what manner of love the Father has given unto us. The old what manner of love the father has given unto us. That we called the sons of God. That we should be called the sons of God. [Music] 995 God is good all the time. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in this heart of love. God is good. All the time through the darkest night, his light still shines. God is good. God is good all the time. When you're walking through the valley and the shadows are all around, do not fear. My God will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised he'd never leave you or forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise in his heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light still shines. God is good. God is good all the time. We were sinners, so unworthy. Yet for us, he chose to die. Filled us with his holy spirit so we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy. There will be no end. God is good all the time. Lord, he puts a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light still shines. God is good. God is good. Oh yes. Hallelujah. All the time. Oh yes. Hallelujah. How many can say God is good? Amen. Let's welcome the Lord here this morning. Say welcome this morning. Lord Jesus. He's good all the time. Amen. When he says yes to our requests, he is good. When he says no, he's good. He's good all the time. Amen. May his will be done here this morning. I'm so happy to be here this morning to serve a risen Christ. We're not serving some dead religion. We're serving a living Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. It's on. Power is on, but it's not working. Amen. Praise the Lord. Can you hear me? Anyway, my voice is loud enough, right? Praise the Lord. I'm so happy to be here this morning. Amen. We're missing brother Moses, aren't we? Amen. But you know something? The Lord Jesus is here. We brought him with us. Can you say amen? So, we want to praise him this morning. Hallelujah. Can we raise our hand and say thank you, Lord? How many have something to thank the Lord for? Amen. We're alive, right? We've got clothes on our backs. Some of us are dressed very well. Amen. And we're happy in the Lord. Hallelujah. So let's praise the Lord. Lord, we give you praise here this morning. We want to Lord open our mouth and praise you Lord. The dust we can't praise you. Lord, we're here to praise your name. Lord, forgive us where we've wronged Lord. We're Lord, we're so we're just earthly beings. We fail you so often. Forgive us, Lord Jesus. Our our trespasses. But Lord, help us. We want to serve you and we want to make it all that day. Every one of us, we want to make it all that day, Lord Jesus, to be in the rapture, Lord. We can see, Lord, the clouds forming in the skies, Lord. Oh, the storm is coming, Lord. We've got to endure. And I know that when you're in the boat, when you're in our soul, we will be able to make it to overcome every part of the world. And we thank you for that in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. This morning, we're privileged, aren't we? Privileged. Amen. You've been fed really well. In the spiritual, you're fattening up. Amen. Throughout the, you know, the last few years, we had a five-fold ministry from different places and they brought us the word of God. The word of God for this end time. End time evangelism is the message of the hour. Did you can you say amen? Amen. The message of Revelations 10 1-7 is the seventh seal given to us to know what all the mysteries are. Without the Revelations 10:7, we wouldn't know the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We would think it is some kind of an emotion. It's far beyond an emotion, brother, sister. It's far beyond running the aisles. Oh yes, it is. sensational. It does make us run the aisles and jump around and praise the Lord, but it's far beyond that. It's God, the living God on the inside of us. Praise by the power of his word. How can we get eternal life? By our emotions or by our formalism or by our education? Is that how we get eternal life? No. It's by the word of God that lives forever. That's the only way that we can have eternal life. And praise God for these mysteries that have been unfolded in our day. Thank you, Lord, for Revelations 10:1-7. Yes, there came a mighty angel from heaven bringing us the message. It came through the mouth of a prophet, but it was that mighty angel that gave us this message. Amen. And that mighty angel is none other but Jesus Christ himself. Can you say thank you Jesus? Praise God. Hallelujah. It'll be good to preach here tonight. Uh this morning brother Maxwell. Where are you? Are you there somewhere? Well, he's a David. He can we can hardly see him there. Stand up brother on the chair maybe. Amen. Hallelujah. So we welcome you here this morning. We welcome Jesus Christ. First of all, let's welcome Jesus first. We always want to put Jesus first. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. But we want to welcome our brother which brought Jesus with him and we brought Jesus with us. So, we're going to have a good time. Amen. A good time hearing the word of God and then going out and living that word of God. Amen. Brother has put up a song. It's setting me free. And then we'll invite our brother to come. Come, brother. Maxwell. Amen. We invite you to preach the word of God to us. Now, if you're outside of the word, I still will have the liberty to tell you you're off. Amen. But I know you're going to be right on. Praise the Lord. It's setting me free. Can we get me? It's setting me free. This Holy Ghost, it's setting me free. This hour, it's down in my soul. It's making me whole. It's setting me free. Free. Free. This Holy Ghost power. It's setting me free. This Holy Ghost power, it's setting me free. This fair, it's down in my soul, making me whole. It's setting me free. Free praise, Holy Ghost power. Amen. Praise God. Brother Maxwell, you take your liberty and preach the word of God to us. Whether it's admonition, whether it's correction, how many would receive correction this morning? Amen. And evangelists can bring us correction. Amen. Brother Brandon, when he preached the message, many of it was evangelism. And did he ever cut us, didn't he? But the world has to be cut off us. And might hurt us, but we've got to accept it. We want to be ready. We've got to make it. Hallelujah. Praise God. It's setting me free. This Holy Ghost, it's setting me free. This very hour, it's down my soul. It's making me is setting me free. Free. This Holy Ghost fire. Amen. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Amen. One more time. Father, we just want to say thank you once again, Lord God. And Father, how grateful we are to be in your presence, oh God. And Father, we thank you, Lord. You your word is true, oh God. You said that wherever two or three are gathered Lord there you are in dear master God. And so father we believe that according to your word you are here. Oh God father even as it was. Oh Lord God in the days of father when Elaza was going to find a bride for Isaac oh God. And father Lord the prophet would tell us Lord that you were there. The angel was there half an hour before even he got there. Oh God. And and father we believe that you've been here oh God waiting for us to come into your presence oh God. And you've been here, oh Lord God, knowing our hearts, knowing our needs, oh Lord God, and and Father Lord, we know that your desire, oh Lord, is to see us united with you, oh God, Lord, in spirit, oh Lord God, and soul and body, oh Father, oh God. And Lord, this evening this morning, we here once again, Lord, and and we're desiring, oh God, that your world may come, oh Lord, and minister to our souls, oh God, Lord, and that may draw us, oh Lord, closer to you, oh Lord, with greater unity, your father, with you, oh God, Lord. Father, we just pray you God Lord that you may take away any destruction this morning. Oh God the Father, our mind, our thoughts, where everything may be set on you, oh God, Lord, as your word will come, oh Lord, we just pray you, Father, that we may have a heart and may receive it, oh God, Lord. And and even as we said, oh Lord God, that it won't be something that we just receive, but Lord, it may be lived on the inside of us, oh God. Lord, we just pray, oh God, may you brew over us once again, Lord God. You've already planted the seed in our souls, oh God. Lord and then we asking oh God Lord may the spirit of God just brewed over us oh God and bring the manifestation oh Lord God the attributes Lord that you've already Lord predestinated and planted on the inside of us oh God we give ourselves to you this morning Lord I give myself away to you oh God Lord Father I just pray that you move the vessel aside oh God Lord Lord Lord let me not be seen oh God this morning oh God but Lord may we see you behind this desk oh God may you discern the thoughts and intents of your children oh God Lord Lord, may you be in the hear of God as ship this morning. Oh Lord, may you, Lord God, bring the word, oh Lord, to a reality like never before, oh God. Lord, we just want to say we love you, oh God. And we thank you, Lord God. We pray you be with a brother Moses, oh God. Lord, may you bless him, oh God. Lord, and may you watch over him, oh Lord, and his family, oh God. May you undertake for everything, oh God. Lord, father, you know all things. May you be the comforter, oh Lord. May you be the helper, oh God. Lord, may you cover them, Sister Shere, for the children, Lord. pray your blessings upon them God Lord and Lord we come at all alterance to you oh God this morning may you have your way Lord but we ask it in Jesus Christ's name amen and amen bless you God bless you we so grate you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ thank you brother thank you musicians amen so grateful to be here once again this morning and we we trust in the Lord that he he will speak to us amen he's faithful good to see you brother Amen to see you. Amen. Greetings to Sister Wendy. Amen. Amen. Good to see everyone this morning. Amen. Amen. We always appreciate the invitation to be able to come and minister the word for the sake and over the Moses away, but we really appreciate the invitation and and uh it's always good to be able to come and as to just share the ministry with one another. Amen. It's it's not about us. It's about God. Amen. It's about Jesus. And and he's the one that we want to see this morning. Amen. We have a little bit of a length read and so we'll go to the scriptures in Luke chapter 1. Amen. And Luke chapter 1 verse one. Amen. Luke chapter 1, sorry, verse 26. Luke chap Luke 1 26. And we'll read all the way to verse 28. Luke 1 26- 28. And then we'll go to Matthew. Matthew chapter 17 verse 20 as well. Amen. Amen. Luke chapter 1 26- 28. And it said, "And in the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee named Nazareth to a virgin as paced to a man whose name was Joseph. And the house of Joseph of the house of David, and the virgin's name was Mary." And the angel came in unto her, and said, "Hail, thou art highly favored, and the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women." And when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be. And the angel said unto her, "Fear not, Mary, for thy has found favor with God. And behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shall call his name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the son of the highest. And the Lord God shall shall give unto him the throne of his father David. and he shall reign over the haste of Jacob forever, and of his kingdom there shall be no end. Amen. Then said Mary unto the angel, shall this be, saying, I know not a man. And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the highest shall overshadow thee. Therefore also that hol which shall be born of thee shall be called the son of God. And behold, thy thy co thy cousin Elizabeth, she had also conceived a son in her old age, and this is the sixth month of her with her who was called barren. For with God nothing shall be impossible. And Mary said, "Behold, the handmade of the Lord, be it unto me according to thy word." And the angel departed from her. Amen. Let's go to Matthew. Matthew chapter 17 verse 20. Amen. It's just wonderful to read the word of the Lord. Amen. Matthew 17 verse 20. Amen. Amen. And Jesus said unto them, "Because of your unbelief, for verily, I say unto you, if ye shall have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, remove hands to yonder place, and it shall remove and nothing shall be impossible unto you." Amen. May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of the word. Amen. It may have seats. Amen. I want to speak this morning. Amen. on on the people of the impossible. The people of the impossible. Amen. The people of the impossible. Amen. I I believe that's who we are. Amen. We are born for the impossible. Amen. That's what we've been created for and born for because we believe a God that that don't make all things that impossible possible. Amen. He said with you nothing shall be impossible. He didn't say just with the preacher. Amen. He didn't say with the prophet. He didn't put any name there but he said with you amen which means that you can put your name there and say that with me amen nothing shall be impossible. Amen. Now when we think about the word impossible amen is the impossible is something that the human mind cannot find a solution to. Amen. It's something that looks impossible. We can't find a solution to it. It's something that seems that it's out of rich. Amen. It seem to be out of the rich of man of of of mankind. And it's something that, amen, we realize that we cannot accomplish in our own self. Amen. That's what the impossible is. And and and we know that we live in a three-part being. Amen. And the body and the spirit. Amen. And the soul. Amen. And and we know that the the the body is God's senses. And the spirit is God's senses. And and the soul as well as God sense. Amen. And and we and the the senses that we have in our bodies, Amen. And the senses we have in our spirit. They will always declare, amen, that the impossible cannot be made possible. Amen. So far as we look at things through our natural eyes, amen, or or we reason or or we we bring them down into the into the part of our spiritual realm to always tell us, amen, that the impossible cannot be made possible. Amen. But there is another sense, amen, in the human being. Amen. There is another sense in the soul realm, amen, which is the sense of faith. Amen. And this sense of faith, amen, has got the ability to stand in the face of the impossible and say that it will be possible. Amen. Why? Because this sense of faith is not a sense of a man. Amen. It's not really a sense that comes with it, but it's a sense that is part of the attribute of God. Amen. It's part of the attribute of the God who is the God of the impossible. Amen. And that is the sense of faith and is dwelling in the soul of man. Amen. And to every man, amen, has been given a measure of descent of faith. Amen. Romans chapter 12:3 will tell us, amen. For I say though, for I say through the grace that has been given to me, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly. And the scripture says, according as God has dealt to every man the measure of faith, Amen. To every man God has given a measure of faith. Amen. Some has the faith to move mountains. Some have the faith for different things. But everyone has a measure of faith. None of us here can say that we don't have faith. Amen. Why? Because we woke up this morning, we got out of bed. Amen. Nobody told us that we could do it. But it was a sense of faith that brought us to do that. Amen. So each and every one of us here this morning has a measure of the sense of faith. Amen. Every born again believer has a measure of the sense of faith. Amen. And this sense of faith that we have in a measure, it has the ability, it has the power, amen, to take the impossible and make it possible. Amen. It doesn't matter how small the sense of faith is. Because remember the scripture we read in Matthew said that even this faith if it's just as small as the seed of the grain of a mustard seed, Amen. It's got a capability. Amen. Amen. To move mountain. He's got a capability to say to a tree to be plucked out of his roots. Amen. And to be planted elsewhere and it will have to happen. Amen. Why? Because this faith is not a fate of man. Amen. It is a supernatural faith that has been given of God. Amen. This is an attribute of God that is dwelling in mankind. Amen. Amen. That's what the faith is. So everyone has a measure of this faith to do the impossible. Amen. But you see, as we said, this faith is constantly being challenged. Amen. By the senses that we have in our body. It's constantly being challenged. Amen. By the senses that we have in our spirit realm. And brother Brandon was saying in believing God is that you've got to throw aside your senses. Amen. He said God never gave you those senses to trust him with. Is that God gave you his spirit to trust. Amen. And he said your senses is only to contact. He says see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. He said, but you yourself is the spirit that lives in you. Amen. He said, and when that's being regenerated and the old man died and the new man born again, he said that is a part of God. He said, then you become a son of God. And he said an offspring of the creator. Amen. And I said, "And then you can believe the impossible 10." He said, "Because you've been made up of the miracle working in God, you are a part of him." Amen. So when you receive a bornagain experience, amen. When the old man is dead and the spirit of God come on the inside of you, brother Brandham is saying, Amen. that you become a part of the miracle working God. In other words, you become an offspring of the creator. Amen. Why? Because the spirit of the creator has moved on the inside of you by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So you become a part of the creator. You become a part of him. Amen. So the impossible being made possible, Amen. is not only with God who was veiled in the flesh of a prophet. Amen. The impossible is not only in the veil a man of a prophet or not only in the veil of the man that was called Jesus. But now the scripture is saying that by the baptism of the Holy Ghost there is a group of people that can also do the impossible. Amen. Not by our strength, not by our mind, but by what? The Holy Spirit on the inside of the believer. By the power of God, Amen. that has been given and poured upon the believer in this last days. Amen. Because today, do you know who we are? We are the subject. Amen. We are the subject. Amen. That the God of the impossible is dwelling in to continue to do the impossible. Amen. That's who you are. You are the subject that God has taken up. You are a portion, amen, of his own attribute. You were a part of him. You were a thought of them. He knew that you would be made manifest in le of the sea. Amen. And he made sure that when you were manifested some way, somehow you will come in contact with the word of the hour. Amen. Because listen, you cannot get the Holy Ghost anywhere else but in this message. Brother Brandham said it's only this message that will give you the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is only found in this message. Why? Because here is where God has placed his name. This message is where God has placed his name. Here is where he is dwelling. Amen. And here is the only place that you can receive them. Amen. The genuine baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So we had a subject that the impossible God is dwelling in to continue to do the impossible. Brother Brandon will continue on the same say sir we will see Jesus said now there is something in the Bible that God wants us to challenge is that God is an all powerful God and he gives his servants a commission to do great things is that and we mustn't be afraid to ask God to do great things because he's asked us to do the impossible without him now he's saying without him as him in flesh with us. Amen. He's saying without him as he's not with us in flesh as he was in the Bible. Amen. So he's asking us to do the impossible without him in flesh now in the body of Jesus. Amen. Is that so if he's ask us to do the impossible? He want you he want to ha he wants to have the we want to have the omnipotent god to do the impossible. He said, "Go into all the world, preach the gospel to every creature." And he said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." He said, "The impossible is with man." Amen. I said, "And we mustn't be afraid to ask God to keep his word." Amen. We mustn't be afraid to ask God to keep his word. Why? Because he's asked us to do the impossible without him now in flesh. But it is now what we want to have the omipotent God to do the impossible. And how do we have that omipotent God today? By the Holy Ghost on the inside of us. Amen. Because it is the Holy Ghost that will do the impossible. And I said we must not be afraid. Amen. To ask God to do great things. Amen. Because fear, amen, is an enemy to faith. Amen. Fear is an enemy to faith. Amen. Now the scripture tells us amen that that Amen. the perfect law of cast out all fear. Amen. Perfect love cast out all fear. Now brother Brandon will tell us amen on the message I believe perfect faith on the message desperation. I believe brother Brandon will say amen that Amen. that that the love is the incentive to f. Amen. Love is the incentive to f. Amen. Why? Because the love of God will drive us to the word. Amen. When you love the Lord, you want to be in the word. When you love the Lord, you want to be in fellowship with him. You want to be in prayer. Amen. The love of God will drive us to the word. The love of God will drive us to the house of the Lord to hear the word of God. Amen. And what is faith? Faith is what? Faith is is the word. Amen. The scripture will tell us the faith comes by hearing the word of God. Amen. So the love of God will drive you to the word and by hearing the word of God, it will bring you to that faith. Amen. That what makes love the incentive for faith. Amen. Because the love will drive you to the word. Amen. And when it drives you to the word. Amen. When you hear the word, your faith begin to rise. Amen. Your faith begin to rise. Why? Because there is a Holy Spirit on the inside of you that is going to take the word. Amen. And bring you the revelation of that word. Because faith is also a revelation. When you have a revelation of something, nothing can move you away from it. When you have a revelation that this is your daddy, there is no man on the face of the earth that can tell you this is not your daddy. You have a revelation. You know you were born in that home. You know this is daddy. You know this is mommy. By the way, happy mother's there to everyone. We love you. Amen. What do we do without our moms, man? Tell you they're so special. There's just something about them. Their touch and their ways of doing is just incredible. Amen. I still need to call my mom later, but we'll do that. Amen. But you see, when you have a revelation, Amen. nothing can take you away from it. Amen. And so Lord will bring us to the word and the word amen will hear will bring us fed amen and the Holy Ghost in us amen will bring a revelation of that word to be able to put that word into action. Amen. That's what faith will do. Amen. It is a revelation. Amen. Now brother Brandham and the message if you keep listening look in the church age this morning at church age and we'll get into it here. Brother Brandon will begin to talk about a supreme faith. Amen. He begin to talk about a supreme faith. Now the word supreme means a higher authority. Amen. Supreme means a higher authority. Now we may hear the word supreme faith and you know sometimes we may think this must be a greater fate of a bigger faith and we'll get into the quote but amen. The supreme faith brother Brandon begin to say it is nothing but the same faith that you have to go about your daily work and do your daily things. Amen. is that it's not any different from the faith you had in jumping in your car and starting your car. Amen. Is that supreme faith is not anything big or special. Amen. It is the same faith that you have. But brother Ben say it is supreme. Why? Because this faith amen is of a higher authority. Amen. In other words, this faith, amen, operates in a spiritual realm. Amen. This faith operates in a spiritual realm where Amen. the word of God and you become so one. Amen. You become so united with the word of God. Amen. Where it becomes just a daily walk in your life. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just as it is a daily walk to wake up and do whatever you have to do and you know you'll be able to do it. Now it is moving in the supreme faith. Where is in the spiritual realm? Amen. where you've been so much in the word that your whole being has become the word because of a relationship of love that you have with God. Amen. It has brought you where you and the word has become one. Amen. Your thought has become the word. Amen. Your walk and your attitude, everything has become just like the word. And so when you're faced with situation, when you're faced with a circumstance, supreme faith just steps on the scene and just takes the word and says this is what the word says. This is what I believe. So the situation will have to change. Amen. When you are faced with the impossible because you've been work walking in the word because you and the word has become one. Now you supreme faith will just take that word and look at the impossible and say it will be possible. Why? because the word says so. Amen. Are you with me this morning? And so brother Bren begin to talk about the supreme faith. Amen. That that is what the believer has been predestinated to. Amen. To a supreme faith to a daily walk with God. Amen. To a communion with the word to where the word and the man becomes one. Amen. Because the word was not meant to stay on the pages of the Bible. The message was not meant to stay on the pages of the Bible, but it was meant to live. It was meant to live in the heart of man. It was meant to put on flesh. It was meant to walk. Amen. Listen, all the prophecies in the Bible that were concerning Jesus, they were there because one day there was a man that was going to come and make those prophecies live in a human being and become a reality. Amen. And it's the same thing with the bride. Amen. She was prophesied to be in this age and she has received a message. Amen. And the message has come. Amen. That she will become delivered reality of that word. That's why brother Brandon will say what is she? She is Mrs. Jesus. Brother Brandon say she is him. Why? Because she has become the word. Because she can't be anything else but the word. Because she came from God. Amen. She was a part of the word. Amen. She has just put on a different flesh. She has put on a different nationality, but she is still the word. Amen. She is still the word. And she can't do anything else but bring forth the word. Amen. That is what the supreme faith is. When you and the word becomes a one that becomes a daily routine. Amen. For example, Amen. You you're driving your car and you begin to see your fuel gauge going down. Now, you know that if you keep going, amen, with that situation, you're going to run into some problems. You're going to run into some some situations, amen, that might not be pleasing. But, but you see, when you see the gates going down, you don't get nervous. You don't get worried. You're not thinking, "Oh my goodness, this is the end of me." No. Why? Because you have faith in a fuel station. Are you with me? You have faith in the fuel station. If I can get my car, you know, without any shadow of doubt, if I can get my car in the fuel station, I don't know how. I don't know where the fuel is, but I know somehow they've got the fuel that I need to fill my car. I don't know who put the fuel there. I don't know when they put the fuel there, but I know fuel is there to fill my car. That is just your natural faith. Amen. You You don't have You don't get worried when your fuel gauge is going down because you know if you run and drive into a gas station, you you got it. Amen. You got it. Amen. Listen, church. We have a fuel station and it is the word of God. Amen. Listen, we cannot prove how the word was put together and and who put it together and all that was written, but we know that the word is true. We have a fuel station. Amen. Listen. And this fuel station has proved time and time, generation after generation, amen, that if you can drive in there, no matter what impossible situation you face, no matter what impossible circumstance you face, if you can drive into the word of God, if you can drive into the word of God, there is resources for you. Amen. To turn the impossible to become possible again. It has been proven over and over again that is the kind of faith that the bride is called to come to. That is the supreme faith. Amen. Where you have confidence in the word of God. Amen. That when you're running low, you know if I can get in the word of God, I'll rise up again. When you were down, depressed, you know, if I can get in the word of God, I'll rise up again. When you're facing anxiety, when you're facing trouble in the home, you know a fuel station. You know a place that you can go and be filled up again. Amen. Oh hallelujah. That is the supreme faith. Amen. That God has called the bride. Now let me get to this quote. Brother Brandham said, "Often times we think it was almost impossible to be a martyr." Amen. We think it was almost impossible to be a martyr. Brother Brandham said, "But dare to recall that the faith we have daily, the faith that we use daily to triumph in Christ Jesus is the same faith that that upholds the polycarbs and all the martyrs." Brother Brennham said, "The supreme faith will give supreme grace for the supreme hour." The supreme faith, the daily walk with Christ, the daily walk in the word of God, the daily communion with God. Amen. He said, what will it do? It will give supreme grace. Amen. That is nothing but our own merit. Amen. But the grace of God. Amen. It will give supreme grace for what? The supreme hour. Amen. Remember the supreme means a higher authority. Amen. Supreme means a higher authority. Amen. And the supreme hour is an hour where an a higher authority has come to take flesh has come to dwell in you and me. Amen. To do what? To bring the supreme faith to face the condition of the supreme hour. I hope you're catching it this morning. It is the supreme hour because the higher authority is here. Who is that higher authority? It is Christ. In 1963, that higher authority appeared in a form of a cloud. Amen. He appeared in a form of a cloud. That is the higher authority that is here in this hour. The headstone, the capstone is here. The higher authority is here. Amen. And I said it's going to take supreme faith. Amen. In this supreme hour and the supreme faith comes from the one the supreme one who is Christ in you. Listen church this morning is not about what you can do. It is what about that supreme thing God the Holy Ghost in you has purpose to do. Amen. Amen. It is not about what you can do and no it's about him. It is about him and you. He has created the supreme hour and he has given you the supreme faith with supreme grace. Why? Because we have lots of failures. We make lots of mistake. But there is supreme grace. Amen. That is not looking at our faults and and looking at our mistake. There is supreme grace for the supreme hour to bring a supreme faith. Amen. Brother Brown will go on to say Balman Gillot is that the one thing that we we we have to move up to now is a supreme faith to what we have had. He said you cannot have the that faith until you know perfectly what you are doing. Amen. He said when you understand like brother said you just say well I'm going home. He said I'm going to start my car. He said that's all act of faith. You say tomorrow I'll meet you to a at a certain place. He said that's all a act of faith because you've just done it so much because it's a regular routine with you. Now brother Brandham said well that's the way the tents of God are. He said after you have trusted them and watch him do so many things till it becomes just a regular just like a regular routine. He said, "And that's the condition I think the church will be in just before the coming of the Lord." He said, "So the rapture, so the rapture will just go right on that way." It said it will just be a regular routine of following the scriptures and the plan of God. There's nothing we have to do in this but just stay in the word. That is what will bring the supreme faith. Amen. Is that all we going to have to do is just be a regular routine of following the scriptures. A regular routine of following the scriptures. Is that that is what he believes that we have to move up to now. that supreme faith a regular just a regular routine of following the scriptures. Amen. Listen church it may sound impossible for us to walk that way. But let me say we have been predestinated to walk that way. We have been predestinated to walk that way. Listen we may say listen I've got so much fa fear and doubt. Listen, the predestination supersedes your doubts and your fears. If God predestined that he's going to do something, he's going to do it. Amen. If God said he's going to do it, he's going to do it. Amen. If that is what is going to need for a rapture, we will have it before the rapture. How? I don't know when, I don't know. But I know one thing that God said it and he will do it. Amen. He said that is what we need before the rapture and I believe that he will bring the bride to that place before the rapture and nothing will be able to stop it. Amen. Because that is what will bring the bride to the place where she can look at the impossible and just take the word and say it is going to be possible. Amen. We are the people of the impossible. That's who we are. We are not the people that were living by sight, living by the voice. We are living by faith. Amen. We are living by the faith and the living God. Amen. And that is where we are coming to. Amen. That we can stand in the face of the impossible and say it will be possible. Listen, that's where Mary had come to. Mary has supreme faith. Mary was believing for something that had never happened before. Are you with me this morning? believing for something that had never happened before. Something that was prophesied about 400 years ago by a prophet that is dead and gone. But she was believing for it. She had supreme faith. You know why she was believing for it? Because Mary had a daily routine where she believed every word that the prophet said. Amen. Mary's daily routine was just to believe that whatever the prophet said will have to come to pass. Amen. She just walked in it. Amen. Every day she just walked in and it believing that the prophet said him, it will have to come to pass. Why? Because she had witnessed. Amen. That whatever every prophet said happened exactly the way it is said. Amen. Why? Because it wasn't them speaking, but it was a voice behind the voice. Amen. Like we heard brother Zig saying, it was that Amen. It was that angel. Amen. That stood amen with his foot on the sea and a foot on the land. He is the one that was behind the seven angel. Amen. Listen church. When we were called to go and take the book, we weren't told to go and take the book from the hands of the seventh angel. But you were told to go and take the book from the hands of the mighty angel. Amen. Take the book out of the hands of the mighty angel. So Mary, Amen. She believed the words of the prophet because she recognized that it wasn't just the prophet, but there was something behind the prophet. And that something behind the prophet was God. And he knew that God's word will never fail. Amen. And so Mary was believing for the impossible. Amen. She was believing for the impossible. And you know the day before she met the angel, brother Brandon begin to dramatize. Amen. And brother would say that that day before, amen, they had been the church on the Sabbath day. Amen. They've been to church on a Sabbath day. And he said, Amen. that the priest got up to preach and and he said the pri the priest preached a mighty sermon. But then at a certain point the preach be the priest begin to talk about miracles in different ts and the ts that God had done in the past like opening the red sea and and amen and the different miracles that had been in the Bible and the priest said you know those were great t but those days are passed. Amen. And you know as they were sitting there Mary and Joseph just having their devotion that evening. Amen. Joseph began to say to Mary, you know, Mary, you know, the priest preached a mighty sermon today, but but there was something that he said that my heart just couldn't go with it. He said, when the priest said that the days of miracles are passed, Amen. I I just couldn't believe it. Amen. Something in me said that, you know, if God ever did it, then he going to have to do it again. Something in Joseph was saying, you know, he he can't be a god of the past. Amen. him. If he's a god of the past, he must be the god of the present. He must be the god of the future. Amen. He must always be the same god. And so they begin to meditate upon these things that evening. And you know, brother Brand must say that the hour came that they had to read the scripture. And so and so brother said that Joseph said to Mary, "Listen, Mary, why why don't you go over in the room there and and get one of the scrolls?" You know, back then they didn't have the Bible like we do. And so he said, "Why don't you go pick up a scroll and we'll just read a little bit of it and and then we we'll make a way." Amen. You go to your home and let's go to my home and cuz they weren't married yet. Amen. And and so Mary just goes over and pulls one of the scrolls and come over and and said, "Well, I guess Joseph today we're going to read from the book of Isaiah." Amen. And and Joseph said, "Sure, let's read from the book of Isaiah." And they begin to read. And and it just happened that they were in Isaiah chapter 7. Amen. And they just begin to read verse one and verse two and verse three and and they're just going on to read and well when they hit verse 14. Amen. The scripture begin to talk about a virgin shall conceive. Amen. And as Mary begin to hear Joseph read this portion of the scripture. Amen. Something begin to swell up in the heart of Mary. Amen. Something begin to swell up in her heart and she couldn't explain what it was. Amen. Every portion of the scripture was good. But when it came to that verse 14, something on the inside of her begin to bubble up. Amen. It all was almost like the scripture was talking about her. She was able, she was realizing that she was identifying herself with that scripture. Amen. She was seeing herself in the scripture. Amen. It was becoming a reality to her. Now I could imagine married anointed. Amen. will go to bed and and maybe lying in bed. She's just meditating about this portion in the scripture of a virgin shall conceive. A virgin shall conceive. I wonder who this woman, this girl will be. I wonder how it will happen. This sounds so impossible. How can a virgin conceive? And of course, Mary wakes up in the morning and well, you know, it's is another morning and they have to go and and get water from the well and and take care of the daily duties and and so marriage wakes up and pick picks up her bucket and start to make a way to the well. Amen. But on a mind is the scripture, a virgin shall conceive. This is impossible. but a virgin shall conceive. And she's walking meditating upon the scriptures. And and remember as she's walking, amen, and something flickered, amen, before her. And once something flickered, amen, she paid attention to it, but she thought, well, maybe, you know, that's just maybe the spear, a piece of of a spear of one of the Roman soldiers. And maybe the sun just shone upon it and it just, you know, flickered. And and she just kept on walking and meditating. the virgin shall conceive. My, what a scripture. And she's just meditating upon it. And as she's walking, all of a sudden, she hears a voice that says, "Hail Mary. Hail Mary." The voice knew her name. The voice knew her name. Amen. And the voice didn't sound like the voice of Joseph. The voice didn't sound like the voice of her dad. It didn't sound like the voice of her mom. It was a different voice. But the voice knew her name. Oh, listen church. You have had your name. Amen. You have had your name. The voice said, "Hail Mary." He said, "Mary, you are highly favored. You are highly favored and the Lord is with you. And he said, you are blessed among all women. Amen. You are blessed among all women. And Mary turned to see. Oh, glory be to God. Mary turned the sea. You remember one time in the book of revelation there was a man by the name of John and he was on the island of Patadmos and the the scripture said that he had a voice behind him. You see normally you will turn to hear a voice but the scripture said that John turned to see the voice. Amen. He turned to see the voice because he recognized this wasn't just a voice to hear, but it was the voice of a person. It was a person that was asking and was calling for John's attention. And we know that John is a type of the bride. Amen. And there is a voice that we have had that we have turned not to just hear but to see the voice. Who is this voice? Who is this Melkchisedc? It is Jesus. We have turned to see the voice and the voice is saying you are highly favored. You are highly favored and the Lord is with you and you are blessed among all churches. You are blessed among all denominations. Why? Because the angel has chosen to visit you in a generation, amen, that is dark, in a generation that is seem impossible for someone to live the life of Christ, there is an angel that has visited a people and is saying what you have been reading that seem impossible. The quotes that you have been reading that seem impossible. The scriptures that you have been reading that seem impossible. The angel has come to call your name and say that you are highly favored. You are highly favored because your season has come to watch what you thought was impossible become possible. You are highly favored. Blessed are you among all churches, among all denomination. You are highly favored. Why? Because you have stayed with the word. You have stayed with the message. You've been walking daily with the message. And the voice is saying you are highly favored. You are moving into a season. Amen. What you thought is impossible is going to turn to be possible. The broken home is going to come back together again. The broken family is going to come back together again. Amen. Whether it be on this side, whether it be on the other side, it's going to come back together. Why? Because he said he won't lose one. He said he won't lose one. You may be looking at it and saying it is impossible. Uh but listen, you were born for the impossible. Uh you were born to take the impossible and turn it around and make it possible. Uh hallelujah. That is what you'll be predestinated to do. And you are highly favored for because you're walking with him. because you're moving into a supreme phase where the word is becoming a reality. You're walking, you feeding on it. Amen. Well, you know, Mary had a question. Mary had a question. Mary said, "How can distance be?" And sometimes we may have a question and say, "How can these things be? I don't feel like I'm living the way that I'm supposed to be living as a Christian. I don't feel like a man. I am I am walking the walk I'm supposed to be walking as a Christian. I find myself failing. I find myself sometime drifting. I find myself sometimes cold. I find myself a man sometimes a man almost backsliding. How can this be? How can I ever get to this place? The angel said to Mary, "Listen, Mary, this is going to have nothing to do with you. This is not going to have anything to do with your failures. It's not going to have nothing to do with your with your backsliding condition. This is not going to have anything to do with you. Remember, it is supreme grace. It is not just grace, but supreme grace in the hour. In the supreme hour, he said it's not going to have anything to do with you, but it's going to be the Holy Ghost. Oh glory. It is going to be the Holy Ghost that will come upon you. Oh hallelujah. The Holy Ghost that will come upon you and the power of the highest will overshadow you. That is what will bring the impossible to be made possible. It won't be about you, Mary, but the Holy Ghost will do it if you can just stay in the word and allow the supreme faith to begin to grow in your life. The Holy Ghost will do it. Amen. The power of the highest. What is the power of the highest? It is the supreme faith. It is the supreme God in a people again. Oh, hallelujah. It is him and you. It won't be you doing, but the Holy Ghost shall overshadow you. It'll be the Holy Ghost that will do it. The Holy Ghost that will turn it around. Brother Brandham says, "And as soon as Mary got a hold of Sen, the angel got a hold of her." Right. He said, "And she sent him and know it was God because it was scriptural." She took his word and went around testifying of something that didn't even show one evidence of ever being. Is that another thing? She She testified of something that had never happened before. He said, "Oh, praise be to the Lord." She testified of something that had never happened. never had a v virgin conceived. It said, but she had the angel's word and the angel was scriptural. So, she knowed it was promised and the angel had the word of the Lord and promised it. And it said, "And because she thought herself humble and lowly, yet God chose him." It says, "So, she was just as happy about it." It said, "And she went forth with her message, telling everybody she was going to have a baby before she even had the first sign of a baby." It says she didn't wait and say, "Now wait, let me feel and see if I feel any better or not." He said, "No, no, oh God, give us more Marys. Give us more Marys." Marys. Amen. That would just look at the scripture. Look at what the angel said and say, "If the angel said him and we know the angel is scriptural, we know the angel is vindicated by the pillar of fire, and all that I have to do is begin to praise God for what the angel said because what the angel said will come to pass. The word of the angel cannot fail." Amen. Oh, we don't have to wait to feel some sensation. We don't have to wait. We can begin to to praise God and testify to say, "Listen, I am going in a rapture. It doesn't matter how I feel. I am living this place. It doesn't matter how my children are. We are all living this place. Like Moses said, we will not leave a hoop behind. We are all going because we've received supreme grace in a supreme hour. Not because we deserve it, but because he chose, because he predestinated, because he elected. Oh, listen church. Stop looking down on yourself. Stop being discouraged. Listen, Mary wasn't discouraged. Mary wasn't ashamed. You know, in those days, it was shameful to say you were going to have a baby, not being married. Amen. But Mary didn't care of what people thought because Mary had the angel's message. Listen, it's time to say, "I don't care what people think. Listen, I am doing my best to live a Christian life. Am I going to make a mistake? Yes, I will. Will I stumble? Yes, I will. But it doesn't change the fact that I'm a daughter of God. It doesn't take the fact that I'm a son of God. And if God has predestinated me to be a living reality of the word, I would become the living reality of the word. Oh, you can take that Satan. Amen. Amen. Brother Brenham says no matter whether it whether it was impossible is that God can alter circumstances. God can alter circumstances. What is your circumstance this morning? God can alter circumstances. Listen this morning you have been going by your daily routine. Amen. And like Mary was going to obey the daily routine that Monday morning go to the well to get some water. You woke up this morning and you went obey your daily routine. Took a shower, put on your clothes, jump in your car, drove to church. It's a Sunday morning and I'm going to be my daily routine. Oh, but let me say to you this morning, there is an angel here this morning that is saying to you, you are highly favored. He can alter your circumstances. He can alter your circumstances. Brother Brandham says he can make the impossible become approbable. Oh boy. Oh tell church how can we lose? He said he can make the impossible become a probable. He said and not only probable but can make it a reality. He said when man take God at his word and accept his provided way that God provided for the man he can take the impossible make it a probable not only a probable but make it a reality. You might be looking at your circumstance saying this is impossible. This is what the prophet said. This is what the angel is saying to you this morning. You can imagine yourself like Mary this morning standing before the same angel. And that angel is telling you and the angel is saying to you, listen, what you think is impossible, I can make it probable. And not only am I going to make it probable, but I'm going to make it a reality. Hallelujah. I going to make it a reality because you have accepted God's provided way. Hallelujah. And God's provided way for today is Malachi chapter 4. That is God's provided way. And you have accepted the message of Malachi 4. And because you've accepted the message that that the angel has come to you to say you are highly favored. You are blessed. The Lord is with you. Don't be afraid. Don't be worried because you were born for the impossible. You are living in the season of the impossible. Because you know one thing we ought to realize church. Amen. is that we are the seed. We are the seed. Now you remember the brand will talk about the the the stalk and is it a stalk? Yeah. The stalk and the tassel and the shook and then he talk about the seed. You know if you listen to the message the seed is not here with the sh but the burn was saying we talk about how Hagar was the was the stolen and how how Sarah was was the tassel. Amen. When Ember Bern would go on and say that Mary was the shock, are you with me? Mary was the shook. He said Mary was not the seed. Amen. But Mary was the shock. Amen. Listen. Mary had to believe the word in order to bring forth the seed. And brother Brennham said that she was the shark out of which the seed came out from. Are you with me? Amen. And the void, Amen, is not the shock because brother Brandon would say that the shock was the Pentecostal age of the Pentecostal season, but out of it, Amen, was a seed pulled out. Out of it was a bride pulled out. Amen. We are the original seed. Now remember the seed had to be buried. And when it was buried and it was watered then it came out as a stalk. Then from the stalk came the tassel and from the tassel came the shock. But then the seed that went down became the seed that was manifested at the end. Amen. Now we are Oh, glory be to God. I hope you catch it this morning. We are the manifestation of the original seed that went in the ground on the day of Calvary. Amen. that seed that was put in a tomb and made his way to hell and took the keys of hell, death and the grave and ascended to heaven and open the doors of the captive that were in paradise. That same one has come down in the bride. It is the original seed again. But the seed needs the shook. I want you to follow me. The seed needs the shook. Now listen. Mary had to believe. Amen. Mary had to take the angel's word. Mary had to stand on that word firmly and believe it. And when she stood and never dated that word, then the word that she believed became the manifestation, the reality that stepped out in flesh. Amen. So you see the believer today needs to be both the sh but also mostly to become the seed. In other words, the believer has to believe. Amen. We have to believe the word. We have to take the prophet's word. We have to take the word in the Bible and believe it. And when we believe that word and our faith is not moved from that word, then that word will become a living manifestation. It will become the same one that spoke it. The same God that spoke it and you believed it is going to live that word in you where you become the manifestation of the word of the one that spoken. So you become the original seed that at the beginning said let there be and there was. Listen when he said let there be you were there. You were there. Did you realize that this morning? Amen. The Lord is just trying to to to pull away the curtain for you to realize who you are. You were there when he said, "Let there be." Amen. And there's been ages gone, boy, years gone, boy. But now what you were there, you become now. You become now, but you've been covered with this flesh that has bypassed your theophony. But on the inside of you is what was the original. The original seed has been made manifest in this age. That's why brother Brennan will say that there is a thirdpool ministry that the bride has been a ushered into. Amen. The opening of the word has also the bride into a thirdpool ministry. A ministry where as at the beginning she said let there be and there was today she again can speak the word and the word will be made manifest. Why? Because what she was then she is now. Listen church is saying impossible. But remember you are the people of the impossible. We are the seed to manifest the seed in this last age. Amen. The manifest the seed in this last age. And he has showed us what we can do. Listen. One day the prophet Amen listen he had supreme faith and he was just walking and amen there was a scripture that has been on his mind just had been on the mind of Mary and it was Mark chapter 11 amen that he was say to this mountain and this mountain shall move and he was just meditating upon him just like Mary he was going about his daily routine he was going about hunting squirrels and he couldn't get any squirrels but he was meditating ing upon that scripture. How can this be? Oh, glory. Isn't it the same question that Mary asked? How can this be? How can a man speak to a mountain and let the mountain move? And as the prophet is meditating upon him, Amen. What happens? Who draws near? The angel of the Lord who drew nigh to Mary when she was meditating. The angel of the Lord. And the angel began to ask him questions. He said, "Who do you think was on the platform every evening when you begin to discern the people? Who do you think it was?" Amen. that gives you all those visions. He said, "Who do you think it been?" Let me ask you this morning, who do you think that pulled you out of the world? Who do you think it was that made that you were born in a believer's home? You said, "Who has been doing all this? You didn't plan it. Your parents didn't plan it. Is it who has been doing all this? Who caused you to believe this message? Why is it that all users are not believing it but you are believing it? He begin to ask the prophet who has been doing all this. And the prophet begin to realize it is you. It is you Lord. You have been doing all this. And he said, "If I have been doing all this, can I not be the same one that can tell you, speak, and I will bring it to pass?" He's saying, "If I brought you to this message, and in this message is a third pull, if I brought you this far, will I not take you all the way? Will I not take you all the way? And he said to the prophet, I'm going to prove it to you. What are you doing? What do you have need of said? Well, I'm hunting here and I don't have any game. I don't have any squirrels. There are no squirrels around here. Brother said even the best hunters that he was arraigned was couldn't get even in one to say I won't go one maybe. But he said, "Well, speak it. Speak it. Speak. You want squirrels, say it." The prophet said, "Okay, well, I don't know. Well, I guess I'm going to pray." And the prophet begins to pray and he remembers. But that's not what the angel said. The angel didn't say pray. The angel says speak. And the angel brother Brandham said, "Okay." And he made a radical. And he said, "Let one appear there." And it was. Let another one appear there. And it was. And he said, "Let another one appear there." And it wasn't coming. The test of faith. let it come over there. And it wasn't. And brother Brian began to raise him to say, "Well, you know what? Two was good. And you know, it's all right. And I'll just I'll just be satisfied with two." Then the angel came back and said, "But wait, did you not say, let there be another one over there?" And the angel asked him, "Are you doubting? Are we doubting? Are you doubting? And he said no it will be there and it appeared. Now that was the wave chief. That was showing us what we are going to do. Now we are coming to something here this even this morning that was showing us what we are going to do. Amen. in this last age. Amen. But now I want you to realize something because it's important to realize this because this is not something that we work ourselves into because remember as we said it is not anything that you are going to do but it is the Holy Ghost that shall come over you. It's the power of the highest that shall overshadow you. So, brother Brandham, amen, in question of answers in 1964, someone asked him a question about the the spoken word and brother Brennham begins to answer the question. Amen. I'm not going to read the full question because the length to quote, but I'm just going to take the portion where brother Brennham begin to to kind of rearrange the question and then answer the question. And so brother Brennham says not to polish up what you said talking about the question but I believe I can make it a little clearer to the people. He says see it said you are believing because of the spoken word and things like that that he said about and he said and all of you here witnessed the squirrels and and all these other things that has been done. But I want you to notice what brother Brennham here says. He said, "But did you notice that was sovereignly given?" Brother Brandham said, "I never asked him." He said, "Lord, let me do it. Speak these things in like that. Do these things there." He said, "I never asked him that. He by his divine will came to me and said you go do this. He said see I wasn't asking one thing about it. He said Moses never asked to go down in Egypt but God that sent him down to Egypt. See so it is not something that we are going to work ourself into. Amen. But it is the supreme faith in this supreme hour by supreme grace that when we come to the time of need because we have been in the word because we are in fellowship with him that that supreme grace can come on the scene and say to you say what you want. Amen. But remember the condition that brought it to pass. The prophet was meditating upon that word. Remember Mary was meditating upon that word. That is what brought it to pass. Amen. So it is sovereignly given. It is not something that we work ourself into but it is sovereignly given. Amen. So no matter how impossible it may make look if we can stay with that word he will bring it to pass. Now I'm going to get into one quote that we've all read this week. I pay the pope. Oh boy, man. I tell you, in in one minute, my phone just was, oh boy. And it was the same code. I was like, don't you realize that someone might have sent to me already. My my phone was just going nuts. I'm at work and this phone is just buzzing. I didn't know that the PO had been elected yet. I'm just working away and like what's going on? Who died? But I know it's exciting to see prophecy becoming a reality. Amen. But but I you know sometimes we can lose the focus of the prophecy. Amen. And I want to look into that a little bit as we close this evening this morning. Brother Brandon must say acts of the Holy Ghost 1954. And we know this call. We can almost rehearse it. But he said, "I believe one of these glorious days when this united confederation of churches goes together and the new pop is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy, then they will form an image like unto the beast." Now every quote I re received this part was very highlighted and it is true. It is being manifested. But I want you to notice that God whenever something happens in that way, God is going to do something in the other way. Amen. Whenever Satan makes a move, God makes a move. Amen. Listen, remember, Satan will always try to make an early move. Amen. He will always try to step ahead. Amen. He was the one that is was going on being, "Hey, listen. Hey, listen. Look at Job." He said, "Look at Job." and said, "Yeah, let me make a move. Give me the chance to make a move first." Amen. Before God made his move and brought Job out of the situation. Amen. Listen, Satan always try to go ahead. What did he do with Jesus? He said, "Listen, bow down to me. I'll give you all the kingdoms." Trying to make the move first. You know, you better worship me. Do this and I'll give it everything to you. Satan and all of us should try to make them move first, but God will always stand firm with the word and say, "But it's also written." Amen. It is also written. Amen. And indeed, Amen. We can see this happening that that this portion of the code has been Amen. It's been made manifested. We can see it happening. And and of course, we know as it has begun, the confederation of churches will also begin to come together. But the court doesn't stop there. The court goes on to say, "And I tell you the true church." Now, I believe here is where our emphasis ought to be. Listen, we it's okay that pope can be there. We seeing the prophecy being fulfilled on that end, but what is my prophecy? What am I supposed to be doing? What is supposed to be happening in the midst of the bride? And I said, "And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together." Amen. The true church of God will be drove together. Why? Because there is power in unity. Satan has made his move, but let's watch out for God's move in the church of the living God. He said they will be drawn together. Brother Brandham goes on to say the real true believer is that Adam of the Method the Baptist prayer pentecost and Nazarene program holiness whatever they will be will go together and be cemented by the love of God that will make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. all the believers is that an agnostic and all and and shadow minded will be cast on one side. They will go right on into the confederation of churches. Now you know we may say okay we we've come out of the Baptist we've come out of the Pentecostal and we've come out of all these things but let me say this to you church in this message there are many isms in this message there are many camps in this message there are many divisions but the court is saying that when that confederation of churches begin to get together something is going to happen in the midst of the bride that the isms will begin to become war Muslims, they will begin to break down. The barriers will begin to tear down. Why? Because the church of the living God will be drove together. That is what we ought to be expecting. Amen. There will be a unity. Amen. Why? Because in this season, Amen. what the first unity is going to begin between you and God. Amen. We are going to be united to him. Brother says when the bride get to know who she is, then the rapture will take place. But the only way she can know who she is is to become united with her maker. Amen. And when she becomes united with the maker, she will become united with one another. Because Christ cannot be divided with Christ. Amen. If Christ is in you and Christ is in your brother over on the other side, Christ will come together in one another in unity. And Satan sees the power of unity. And so he's been trying to break it and devoid it in the midst of the message, in the midst of the congregation, in the midst of the church. But we are in a season where there is a supreme faith. It's a supreme hour that is going to bring the church together into a unity. Amen. Listen. Remember church in the first Exodus they all united under the token which was the Holy Ghost. Are you with me? In the second exodus they all united. Remember in that open upper room, brother Brandham said there were Pharisees, there were scribes. Listen, those people did not agree with each other. But when the season came for that second exodus, the Holy Ghost, oh, glory be to God, the Holy Ghost anointed them all together. And in this third exodus, that same Holy Ghost, no matter the divisions, no matter the separation, that same Holy Ghost will unite the bra together under the power of the Holy Ghost. Then you watch the impossible become possible. Then you watch the impossible become possible. When that squeeze begin to happen. Amen. Listen. When you take a fruit and you begin to squeeze them, you begin to get out what is really in the fruit. Listen, Satan is trying to squeeze this bride. But what Satan is going to get is what is really on the inside of this bride. Satan is going to realize as he was at Calvary when he's put his finger into Jesus Christ and a 100,000 ft blow him off of him. He's going to realize the same thing with the bride. Oh hallelujah. It is this bride is going to blow off the works of Satan. It's going to blow off the lukewarm of less. It's going to bro blow off the depression, the anxiety, the family troubles, the divisions in the church. Listen to this quote. Brother Renham said, "So now I am going to say something to you." is that now that I haven't said all along and that is the thing that we have looked forward forward to for so long for at least many years four or five years or maybe longer the third pull has now been vindicated and I'm sure you all know what it is said now remember there will there will never be an impersonation of that cuz it can't be see it cannot be now it's in existence is that and I I I am I am warned of this. He said right at this time now it's just happened. So it so it could identify its presence among you. See he's talking about the thirdpool. He said right at this at this time now it's just happened. So it could identify its presence among you. See he said but I will he said but it will not be used in a greater way until the council begins to tighten up. Amen. Do you realize the quote is not just about a pope going into an American pope in in in the Vatican? That is not all about the pope about the prophecy. It's not about him bringing the council of churches to get him. But this is what really matters to the bride. Amen. He said, "But it will not be used in a greater way until this council begins to tighten up." And he said, "And when it does, when that does, the Pentecostals and so forth can almost impersonate everything that can be done." But he said, "But when that time comes, when the squeeze comes down, he said, then you will see what you've seen temporarily be manifested in the fullness of its power." Amen. Brother Brham said, "Now I must continue in evangelism just as I I was commissioned first. I must continue on. Therefore, you've had the word and you know what to look for, how to stand." He said, "I must continue in evangelism." And he said, "And friends of mine, keep still and just keep moving on for the hour is approaching swiftly." See that when something is going to be done, that is what is concerning us. Indeed, we can see the prophecy of the pope. But listen, church, the impossible is about to move in in a greater way than ever before. Amen. Amen. And brother Brandon will say there is going to come a time where you're going to see limbs begin to grow. Listen, that is the season that we are moving in. Amen. We are moving in a time where you are going to be the manifested, the original seed that was at the beginning. Amen. Manifested in his full power again in this last age. Amen. No matter what Satan does, the squeeze is just going to bring out Jesus. Amen. That third pull, Amen. Amen. is coming in a greater way than we've ever seen it before. Amen. That is what we ought to be looking for. That is what we ought to be expecting because we are the people of the impossible. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Listen, I'm going to close with a story. You know, one time there was a story, amen, of of a painting. Amen. There was a story of a painting. A painting that was made and and the painting, Amen, was was was put in the art gallery of France. And the painting was showing, Amen. was showing two people playing chess. Amen. And and and these two people, one was Satan and one was a Christian. And Amen. And they were playing this chess and playing this chess and and now it had got to a place where a man at the bottom of the of the painting they had written checkmate. Checkmate meaning that Satan Amen had had a checkmate over the Christian. Amen. That Satan had won the game of chess. Amen. And and so this painting has been hanging there and and it's written checkmate and and so one day there was one one man and he he he is he is the chief of of of of the game of chess. Amen. He he is a champion in it. And so he went to this art gallery and he's just looking at all the pictures and and he came across this chess, you know, picture of painting and and he begin to look at it and and he read at the bottom check made for Satan. Amen. And as he begin to read, you read that and he begin to read the board. Now remember this man, he he's a professional. This man knows the game, amen, better than anyone else. Amen. He's won many many many championships. Amen. And he's looking at the chess board and as he looks at the chess board, Amen. he looks carefully and he says something is wrong. He says something is wrong. The statement at the bottom of the chessboard is wrong because he said Satan has not won the game because he looked at it and he said the Christian has one more move. The Christian has one more move that he hasn't made. And when the Christian makes that move, that will beat the enemy. Amen. Listen, church, it may look like you're losing. It may look like you're losing. It may look like Satan is winning. But a champion has come this morning. He's looking at your chessboard and he's saying, "You've got one more move. Oh, glory. You've got one more move. You've got one more move. Satan hasn't warned. We are going to win because we are on the winning side. God bless you this morning. Let's stand on our feet. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory be to God. Oh, glory be to God. You have one more move. You are the final voice. Your voice is going to bring the resurrection. Oh, glory be to God. It is not over yet until God says it's over. Hallelujah. God has not said it's over. So I am going to believe like Mary for the impossible to become possible. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory be to God. Oh, give him praise this morning. Give him praise this morning. Go ahead and worship him like Mary did. She begin to praise God. She couldn't see a sign of the baby. You may not see a sign of your children. May not see a sign of your family coming together. But begin to praise God because you are the people of the impossible. [Music] You still have the last move. You have the last move. Oh, glory be to God. Do we know that song? Can't you see why I'm so happy? I have the voice. No. Can't you see I'm so happy? I the word of the Lord. The reveal word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? Oh, I've accepted the word of the Lord. the revealed [Music] word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi. Oh, let's sing it one more time to him. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? Oh, yes, Lord. For I've accepted the word of the Lord. Oh, the revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of man. Oh, let's sing it one more time to him. Oh, are you happy this morning? Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? Oh, we've accepted that word. I've accepted a word of the Lord. for the reveal word that was spoken [Music] by the prophet of Malachi 4. Oh hallelujah. Oh we have accepted the word like Mary said let it be unto me according to your word. Let it be unto us according to his word. Amen. That we are moving higher. Amen. We are just going to stay in the word. That's what he said we should do. You just keep walking in the word of the Lord. That supreme faith. Amen. Will just bring you amen to to that spoken word to that third pole because it is a supreme hour where the supreme God has made himself manifested to us. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, let's sing that song. You ask me why I'm happy. I just want to tell you what. Yes. And we ask pro to call my man this morning. Ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from God in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Was at the old time altar where God came in my heart. And now my sins are gone. Praise the Lord. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from God in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me, I say my sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me up. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dark in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I sing. I know my sins are gone. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from God. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. Praise God. My sins are gone. Praise God. My sins are gone. Praise God. My sins are gone. Praise God. God, my sins are. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you believe it? Amen. The blood removed every spot, every wrinkle. Praise God. Wasn't that a wonderful blessing? My invigorated us. It gave us strength. Hallelujah. There's one more move. We're on the move. Hallelujah. We're going to get out of here. The squeeze will just get us out of here. Praise God. But we've got to live for Jesus. Remember, we've got to be in the word. Without the word, we're not going anywhere. We've got to become the word. Amen. Because we were the word. Hallelujah. Amen. The move is on. Do you believe it? Amen. right here in the restored word fellowship. The move is us. We're moving on with Jesus. Amen. [Music] I can hear the rustle of the mberry trees. And I know I know I know you'll move his heart. Move on, brother. Move on, sister. Move a little closer. Move a little closer where the streams are flowing. Move on, brother. Move on. And who is on my Lord? Who is on? The move is on. My Lord is on. I trees. And I know I know I know the moon is. Move on. Move on, sister. This is the moving day. Move a little closer where the streams are flowing. Move on, brother. Move on. Amen. Amen. We want to move on, don't we? Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm so happy I came to church. Aren't you? Amen. Those that weren't here, they missed something. It's okay to listen to it on the internet. It's not the same. Amen. The anointing is not the same. I've been blessed over services on the internet. I must confess I have been blessed. But you know, it's not the same. We've got to be in service. We ignite one another. Amen. Christ in you somebody else. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why we're in service. I'm so happy. [Music] [Music] Brother, Max, [Music] of brothers. [Music] because we just thank you for this lovely day you've given us father spend time one with each other Lord Jesus thank you for your servant oh God know his labors Lord I trust not just healing but Lord may it impact it translate into our life change Lord a new dedication, a new power, Lord, to step be able to step into our position, Lord. Father, we we thank you for all you've done for us, Lord. Now, we just pray go with each one of us, Lord. Grant us traveling mercies, Father, your hand be upon each one, Lord, this day. We ask these in our loving, tender name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Can you say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Amen. Can we say, "I love you, Jesus." You're my wonderful husband. I want a boy. Obey every word. Hallelujah. Praise God. God bless you. Thank you for coming. Turn around. Shake somebody's hand. Say, "Happy Mother's Day." Take out your mothers. Mothers. Amen. Husbands, take out your wives. Amen. Amen. Have a good good afternoon. Lord bless you. You're dismissed. [Music]
