################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 06 04 Moses Ndala Moving from Hope to Faith - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 06 04 Moses Ndala Moving from Hope to Faith
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7uQUSQ_bcE
========================================

Description:
Sermon - Moving from Hope to Faith
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Empty grave is there to prove my savior because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know he holds the future. And life is worth the living trust because he lives. And then one day I'll cross the river. I'll fight you with pain and let us down. gives way to victory. I'll see the light of glory on you. Because he lives, I could face you all because he all fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. He holds the future and life is worth a living just because he lives. Because he lives. Because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know yes I know he holds the future and life is worth the living just because he Welcome. Bear with me. Couple things. Just change. What a day that will be. There is coming a day when no heartaches shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. And he leads me by the hand and leads me to the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. There'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness, no pain, no more parting over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. And he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Sometimes when you're when you're a kid and you get in trouble or you're you're out somewhere and I was just maybe I've told this story, but when I was a kid, my brother and I were out in a field and we're just on a farm and we were we're playing and I think we're flying kites and we just got hopelessly stuck out there and it's something different when someone else comes and rescues you, just ends all the trouble, ends all the all the being stuck and all the all the bad moods and just someone comes there and picks you up and takes you away. And it's kind of where we're at now. What a day that'll be when our father comes and takes us home, brings us out of the me and takes us out of the the mud. And we won't have reason to have a bad attitude. Maybe she'll stand. Stay right under the I'm going to I'm stay right under the blood. Wo! The world can do me no harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. I'm going to stay right under the blood. So this world can do me no harm. I'm going to treat my neighbors right. I'm going to treat my neighbors. I'm going to treat my neighbors rock so this world can do me no harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. I'm going to stay right under the blood so this world can do me no harm. I'm going to stay right under the blood. I'm going to stay right under the blood. I'm going to stay right under the blood so this world can do me no harm, no harm. No harm, no harm, no harm. No harm, no harm, no harm. I'm going to stay right under the blood so this world can do me no harm. While we're singing, we'll just go to the Lord prayer. There's a prayer request for sister Sharifa. She's not feeling well. And then also prayer for the Moses family. The Lord took his his niece away this afternoon. Just I guess a praise report. We thank the Lord for a natural delivery for the baby for brother Phil and sister Katie. They were really worried because she had justational diabetes. Lord answer in prayer. Lord Father in heaven we come before you Lord and Lord, sometimes on Wednesdays, Lord, it feels, Lord, like a rush to get here, Lord. In a rush, Lord, to to get, Lord, in this house, Lord, Father, I I don't want to be rushed, Lord. And and Lord, rush your spirit, Lord, but Lord, we we invite you, Lord, that you'd have your way here this evening, Lord. Father, Lord, if Lord, I feel a little rushed, Lord. And I just I claim your book, Lord, that Father, you'd Lord, come in this place, Lord, and in your own way, Lord, and Lord, that you'd minister, Lord, to each heart, Lord, Lord, Father, that you'd, Lord, have your own way here, Lord. Lord, that we wouldn't, Lord, expect anything, Lord, but your Lord, you moving, Lord, in your spirit, Lord. And Lord, we just pray for Lord, Sister Sharif, Lord, we Lord, we give her healing, Lord, in Jesus Christ name, Lord. That Lord, we thank you, Lord, that for Lord that you're the strength, Lord, that you're the healer, Lord, that Lord, no matter what condition, Lord, is in our life, Lord, we can look to you. And Lord, no matter what condition, Lord, you've already provided, Lord, and Lord, also for for the Moses family, Lord, you see, Lord, they they lost, Lord. Lord, would you would you comfort them, Lord? Would you would you be with Brother Moses, Lord, as he speaks, Lord, and Lord, just anoint his lips, Lord. Anoint our ears, Lord. Lord, would you, Lord, have your way here this evening, Lord? Lord, you're welcome, Lord, here, Lord. Lord, we ask these things in Jesus Christ name. Amen. My boat of life sails on the troubled. It sees whenever there's a wind in my sand. But I have a friend who's watching over me when the breeze turns into a game. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle to the highs. Among the peaks my soul can be found. An unexpected storm may drive me from the heights. May bring me low. It'll never bring me down. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of my butterfly. My boat of life sails on the troubled seas. Whenever there's a wind in my sand, but I have a friend who's watching over me when the breeze turns into a game. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. I know. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm, make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Love lifted me. I was sinking deep in sin, far from the peaceful shore. very deeply stained within, sinking to rise no more. But the master of the sea heard my despairing cry from the waters lifted me from save. Love lifted me. Love lifted me and nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. And nothing else could help. Love lifted me. All my heart to him I give. Ever to him I'll cling. In his blessed presence lives. Ever his praises sing. Love so mighty and so true merits my soul's best song. Faithful loving service to to him belongs. Let's stand. Love lifted me. Love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. When nothing else could help, love lifted me. 288. Thank God I'm free. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. For a long time I've traveled down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy in sin. And I sang low that I heard about Jesus. Heard about Jesus. Oh, what a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. Thank God I'm free. Thank God I am free. I am free. free from this world of sin. This world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. So glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Yes, he show me the way. Like prison like a blind man that God gave back his son. Like a poor wretched beggar that's found fortune and faith. I am so glad. I'm so glad I found out he could bring me out through his holy name. Oh, thank God. I am free. I am free. Free from this world of sin. this world of sin. Been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. Show me the way. Glory, glory, glory to his name. Glory, glory to his name. We are saved by God's grace. Sovereign grace. No one cannot bargain about God's grace. God himself decides to save you and no one can take you out from God's economy. You are part of God's economy and God can never lose you. Thank God for his grace. Amen. Amen. We can never thank God enough for his grace. Every day I'm still amazed that he loves me. Say, "Oh, you know, there's one preacher said that Spurgeon said, you know, when I look at myself, I don't see how I can be saved, how I can make it when I look at myself." But when I look at God's love and grace, I don't see how I can miss it. Because he already when he loves you, he loves you forever. There's no way he can lose you. Thank God for his grace. Amen. God bless you richly this this evening. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Thank God for his grace in our life and God knows every situation and we just want to thank him for everything that he's doing. Amen. Um thank God for the good report for brother Peter and his family. Be worried. It's actually I I call it a miracle because the the doctors it's contradicted what the doctors expected to be. And the baby came out normal with normal delivery. So we thank God for his grace for God answers to prayers. Amen. And brother Peter himself is not here but thank God that sister Wendy stepped in and it's a blessing. God bless you richly. Sister Wendy I I believe there was some communication collaboration between them and will continue to to be that way and I thank God for that that she's stepping in. She when she sees the need. God bless her richly. She has served all her life for giving her life for others. May God bless her, bless her children, our grandchildren and even our great great the Lord Terries. Amen. God bless you. We appreciate her a lot and may God bless you and continue strengthen her. Amen. There is just one request here and just want to give the liberty to the saints. So I would like to give a request to give a testimony. So brother can just step up and give the testimony for what God has done in my life. Brother Matendo don't have a microphone can just have a seat for a moment as he's giving his testimony. God bless you saints. Amen. I am happy to stand in the midst of uh the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. For what God is doing for me and for my family. Uh I requested uh sense to pray for me because in my job they laid off they were they laid off 92 people uh from uh March and we were we had been given the time frame to work till uh 15th of May. Uh but before 15 of May, I was called by the the hierarchy of my job and asking me if uh I can accept to to get extended the contract. I said yes. And they said they said uh you have to write it. You have to write white and black to show that you you you want it. I did and uh before 15 of May uh they extended my contract till January 19th of 2026. Uh this came from the the prayers of the saints. I placed the requests in the among the people among the bride of Jesus Christ and the bride of Jesus Christ cried to the bridegroom and the bridegroom has given me that miracle. I'm telling you it is a miracle because from uh from May 15th uh among the 20 the 92 uh 40 46 when are now on on EI and we have been given this that chance saying in the content of the letter saying that they are trying to found some somewhere there were fats when this uh uh time frame of uh January 19 came to the And when they h they have they they will if they they will not get some somewhere to fit us then they will let us go to EI that the spirit of the letter and uh I said this is God. They they accepted only uh nights uh overnight workers uh uh shift uh it's the all the day the days shift were given the letter for layoff. So this selection they did and uh being among this uh the grace uh it's not for me it is the god who uh answered to the prayer the request of uh his bride and I said I will be in the midst of the people who prayed go for me and I will give that testimony. God bless you richly. Amen. Thank you, brother Benjamin. And we thank you, thank the Lord for his grace, his mercy, and u being uh that God God cares for for his children. He can care for the Pharaoh. He cares for his children. He has his eyes over over you and the family. And we thank you for the testimony. It's an encouragement to know that God answers to prayers even in that situation that he can he can he can select you, choose you and just to be among the favorite those who can stay. We thank God for that. Praise be to God. Thank you Lord. and someone else has a testimony or a prayer request like to mention then we go and pray. Um we'll be praying for brother Victor as he has traveled. I understand he has arrived safely. He he texted me when he was on a connection somewhere but I didn't get anything after that but I believe he arrived safely. Wonderful. Thank God for that. And God is watching over him and this time he said it's going to be short and so we believe that we're praying that he comes back uh a very short period of time. We have been blessed by his presence, weren't we? Amen. Two surfaces that he took. It was just marvelous. It was just what we needed as an encouragement to help us. So appreciate this the gift of God in him and we just God continue to bless him and and we need him in our local church and need as we need one another. Amen. And there is also a need for there's a prayer just continue to be praying there's a need that has been expressed for for a trustee for the church. Brother Andrew expressed that just to be praying for a trustee role and to help him as well. just be praying for that. Keep that in prayer. Um and uh and Papa Matendo is also BMware. He expressed might need also some help. So um we're just praying as well for for the need for for another deacon as well to to help to help Matendo from time to time. So just put that to the the church and put that as a request and just God lead us and answer to our prayers. the same way the answer to the prayer of Papa Matendo is going to answer to our prayers. Amen. If there's not other need, I'll just go to a small message that I would like to share for a few minutes. Just a small thought and then we go to prayer. Praying for one another. And it has been mentioned pray for my family. Um just came this afternoon as I was preparing a message a bit thought for this evening. I just heard that message and I saw the message and it's going to be the family in prayer. God knows everything. Um especially for the sister as well. Um just lost the mother lost a baby must be very hard as a daughter. It's hard and um but all the glory to God. Amen. He knows the right time and just thank him. I send the testimony. I said last time I sent a testimony to her and she she she just acknowledged and yesterday actually I talked with her quite longer than I would have expected. She could have answered the phone knowing that um breath was was it was difficult for her to breathe but she she kind of talked nice and appreciated testimony that I sent to her. It was a marvelous testimony what she wrote. It was a great testimony. So I believe that she always been positive that God will be merciful to her and the family as well. Just keep the rest of the family in prayer. Amen. Amen. And my sister Sharif is not feeling well. Just keep her in prayer as well. She was thinking that she Sorry. Absolutely. Absolutely. I think your voice is clear enough you can hear and um he finished preaching on the way home. We had that that accident and we rode up the car. Um I just figured maybe the enemy wasn't too happy with the service and that was his way of getting back at us. But um prior to that, the first time he preached also, it wasn't long before um the kids actually had an accident and rode off a vehicle as well. And theirs was a head-on. Um they were not wrong, but um as a result, the kids have they suffered concussions and going to the hospital, they didn't look after them. They just recommended Tyl. So for um the children that were in the car, it wasn't just the concussion pains, but the headaches, the back pains um affecting them, you know, with their school and the things that they they did on a regular basis. And even Gabriel, which is the last last boy, but he's just um he was involved in a real traumatic accident back in Ontario that lethargic and somehow God brought him back. But now he's suffering with we don't know what it is. The doctors can't tell what it is where he just gets like burning in different parts of his body. Um he would just break out in red like hives, bruises, rashes and we we've not been able to put a hand on it. You know, the doctor recommended that maybe his vitamin D was deficient and he got a lot of vitamin D shots, vitamin B12. Um, but it didn't make things better. It made worse. It affected his sleep now. So, he doesn't sleep very much in the night and he's tired just any hour of the day and it's affecting his studies, his everything. And it's very difficult with brother Victor to sort of age because sometimes it feels like I'm on survival mode but I'm just trusting the Lord and I just I just pray that everybody can have faith to mine so that I could see victory because God never told us that we would lose the battle all the time. He said, "You know, you may lose a battle now and then, but the war is won." And you know, just like Sister Kathy was saying a while ago, I keep telling myself like John and I, um, it's over. Correct. It's over. And you know, sometimes you testify to yourself, it's over. And you see the symptoms, it just exacerbates. But sometimes I just feel like, you know, I need somebody else's liqufier with mine. So it becomes a bonfire. Correct. Correct. Correct. That's all I That's my request. Correct. Thank you, Sister De. Thank you for putting that request. We committed to the Lord and as you said, we we Lord look at the sentone just we're going to join our faith with yours and claim the blood of Jesus Christ and what he has already done. The prophet says it's a finished work, man. Just need our faith to increase. So we join our faith with yours and put it that in a request prayer request and God likes to hear our prayers but he also likes to answer our prayers. So we thank God for that. Amen. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this evening? Invite you to go to the word of God. First kings. Just a few few minutes. First Kings chapter 7 17. First Kings comes after 2 Samuel 1 Kings chapter 17 verse 7. Quite a familiar scripture. And it came to pass after a while that the brook dried up because there had been no rain in the land. And the word of the Lord came the the word of the Lord came unto him saying, "Arise, get thee to Zarath Zarifath which belongth to Zidon, and dwell there. Behold, I have commanded the widow woman there to sustain thee." And he arose and went to Zarifath. And when he came to the gate of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks. And he called to her and said, "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in the vessel that I may drink. And as she was going to fetch it, he called her and said, "Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of bread in thine hand." And she said, "As the Lord thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but a handful of meal in a barrel and a little oil in the cruise. And behold, I am gathering two sticks." Remember, notice he says, "Two sticks that I may go in and dress it for me and my son that you may eat it and die." And Elijah said unto her, "Fear not. Go and do as thou hast said, and make me therefore a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after and after for thee, and for thy son. For thou say the Lord God of Israel, the barrel of meal shall not waste, neither shall the cruise of oil fail until the day that the Lord sendeth rain upon the earth. Amen. And she went and did according to the saying of Elijah. And she and he and her house did eat many days. And the barrel of meal wasted not, neither did the cruise of oil fail according to the word of the Lord which is spark by Elijah the prophet. Amen. Let's just bow our head. Amen. Father, we thank you for your grace, your mercy, Lord, to be gathered in the house of the Lord Jesus Christ with the saints of like precious faith. Father, Lord, each one bringing the leak of fire, Lord, as one body. Father, we thank you for the word that has been open and now we can read the book. can read the Bible not as a closed book but as a open book father where we can see that not only a book of history but a book of reality the same God that was with Elijah is the same God who's with us is not the God of history only but the God of the present tense you are the great I am father make the word of God real to us this evening as we come this prayer meeting father to talk to you father may you stir our heart father with one word from you that will help us Lord to grasp your thoughts to gr your word and father to go and claim what we have need of according to your word. Father we surrender oursel to you. Bless your people. Bless each and every one of us this evening as we commit oursel to you in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Can I have your seat? I would like to talk a little bit for a moment here. Just give me a 15 minute maybe or so just talk a little bit on the thought here. I would like to see just speak on her moving from from hope to faith. Moving from hope to faith. Hope is a very good thing. You know the Bible says Paul said that three things that I have to abide three things that have to remain. Charity, faith, hope, hope, faith and charity. Those three remainings those three things are very important. very very important as a Christian should have them. And it's good to have hope. It's good to it's good to hope. It's hope to have positive thinking, positive expectations. It's good for a Christian to have that positive expectation. It's very hard to leave around people are always negative. People are always looking at the wrong side. You know, all the the weather, you can look at the weather and just point at at the time it's going to rain. But not all day is going to rain. It might rain just for one hour. Don't point Ol that one hour it's going to rain the other day the other time is is is sunny. Amen. God wants us to be positive to be positive not to be negative. So to have some hope and to look for the hope and say oh I I I have hope. I believe I oh I hope it will be I'm I'm I'm expecting that. I I believe it's going to be that and and it's good to have that. And the Bible says and says in 1 Corinthians 9 and it says just with the story say for our sakes no doubt there is written that he that pl should plow in hope. You don't see a farmer who who's planting and then says and he's thinking you know this this this year is going to be a you know very bad year as he's planting say this is year is going to be a very bad year. Nothing happened but just already looking at the negative side. Oh, a a farmer when he's planting is hoping that you will have good result. He's hoping that the the what he's putting is going to have a good harvest. He has he has a hope and what we are working whatever we are doing we we have hope. We we trust that we have hope and things will turn out right. Amen. We should have that expectation should have that expectations. But I want to say as well we need to move sometimes from hope to faith. Amen. We need to move from hope to faith and have that reality. And I was just thinking about it. Oh Lord, help me sometimes to move from hope to faith. Sometimes I can be thinking that I have faith, but I just actually only have hope. I'm just hoping that things will turn out right. But that's not really what the message has called us to be. That's not what the Bible has called us to be. That's not what a real Christian has to be. just hoping that things will turn all right or you know I hope I hope that I can make it. No, I believe I will make it. I'm sure I'm going. I'm certain it's going to be fine. I'm positive it's going to be fine. How do you know? Because the Bible says so. Amen. Amen. Don't be ashamed if you turn out here differently. God is in control of every situation. But as a believer, you are expecting it to be the way the Bible says that's going to be. Amen. Because God, as the s testify, God cannot fail his own word. He will bankrupt the whole heaven to you know in in order in order to fail his own word. He cannot never fail his own word. His own word has to come to realize a Christian lives by faith. A Christian lives by faith. Means you cannot be a Christian unless you believe everything that the word of God says. A Christian does not believe by how we think things might turn out. No, a Christian walk knowing that God will back up his own word. He doesn't know how it's going to happen and he doesn't try to figure out things but he believes and keeps working forward. Amen. Faith is a revelation. Faith is is a is a substance. It's a substance of things hoped for. So you hope for certain things but it go to another level where you know I have now a substance. I have a reality is that is is it tangible as with a hand with our mind? No. But it's tangible with a super sense that knows that it's going to be fine. Amen. Amen. And you walk positive. You walk straight. Sometimes we don't rejoice enough because we don't have that substance. Amen. I'm I'm I'm stirring up a little bit. I'm stirring myself a little bit. Sometimes because I know I can't rejoice now because you know what? Because it might turn out differently. Oh, so that's why you don't rejoice. That's why you don't you don't thank God today. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm waiting to see the result first and then I'll thank God. No, that's not how a Christian works. You thank God already today. God, thank you for healing me. Thank you for providing. Thank you for answering to my prayers before I see the result. I need to move from hope to faith. And God, you have already answered my prayers. You have already given me, you have already given me the substance substance of the reality of it. Now my sense has to go and catch up with the reality that the super sense has already caught. Amen. Faith is a revelation. Someone the neighbor next to the neighbor to the neighbor to you might not see it but you see it. You know it. You know that it's going to be here. Oh, can you prove that to me? I can't prove to you but it revealed to me. Anything that God has revealed to your soul that is yours, believe that is yours. Amen. Perfect faith. Anything that God has revealed to your soul that is yours, claim it that it's yours. Amen. Amen. That's why the prophet says we can never overemphasize the importance of revelation. The importance of revelation, the importance of faith. But I've already heard it many times actually in preparation. I'm thinking to bring a little bit of Syria. I'll talk a bit more on many sermons on on faith and and and the statue of of the perfect man. But you start by that. So so maybe on preparation on that what I'm going to What I would go to uh faith we can never overemphasize the importance of faith to a believer not to an unbeliever to a believer means I believe already but God wants again to over to come and emphasize on it and repeat upon it you are a believer you are a believer keep your your faith is your victory if you lose your faith you have lost everything because your faith is your victory your faith is your revelation. Your faith is what is going to give you authority over the enemy. God, give us more faith. Give us more revelation. We should pray for more revelation. We should pray for more faith. God, make the word of God a reality to me. I've read it many times. I've read it many times. But now I want it to become my possession. I want it to become a reality to me for the situation I'm going through. Yesterday it was a different situation. Today I have a different situation. by the word of God still applies to every situation. Faith is the master of circumstances. Not only one circumstance, for all circumstances. No matter happened to our lives, our faith is our victory. Our faith is the master of the circumstances. Amen. Amen. We should not be we should not be discouraged. The enemy is the master of discouragement. You know of the believer what comes even one of the great prophets one of the greatest prophet or the greatest prophet from the old testament the new testament john the baptist he had faith but at some point his his his eye got blurred because of discouragement but but thank God the lord Jesus Christ is so merciful he came and he gave to him and he came those his disciple came and asked him are you the one who has to come or are we should we expect another Well, thank the Lord Jesus Christ. The way he answered to that, isn't it? He didn't say, "No, no, he didn't he didn't he didn't he didn't focus on what and on how his faith became a little bit blurred, but focus on who he is. What did you go and see there's there's a greater is the greater of all the woman's is the one was born. He's the is more than a prophet." But he focus on on on how he became a little bit dim in his faith. Why? Because he was discouraged. The enemy likes to put discouragement on the believers, but God, thank God for his word to bring us back to recognize who we are in God's word. Amen. Excuse me. I want to go my voice becoming a little bit dry there. So pray for more revelation. Amen. Pray for in this story that we just read here. It was a difficult time. It's a time of hab difficult time. Time of famine, time of bad economy, times of different things. But that widow was part of a different economy. We have been affected for the world and different situation as mentioned it. different situation can be at the job, it can be it can be the economy. It can be the it can be what the trade we can be the tariff and different things affecting us. It affecting us. We are part of that. We are part of that and it affect our job. It affect here. It affect our economy. We we're being paid the same salary but we go to the stores and doesn't seems like it's not fitting anymore and we get stressed and all different things. That that's real life. Whether you're a Christian or not the Christian, you stay affected by it. But let me remind you also part of God's economy. That widow was part of God's economy. God was still watching over her. Amen. She was still watching over her and he couldn't leave her. The good thing the prophet says she she she God commanded the prophet to commanded a woman to sustain a prophet. Herself didn't even know that she was commanded by God. She was unaware of what was happening. Sometimes we are unaware of what we have been happening. But God commanded you and I to sustain his word for this age. God has selected you. God has elected you to be part of God's economy. Amen. While the world is going down in great famine, the famine in the natural famine, but also especially in the spiritual famine, God has elected you to receive the word of the age. We should be more thankful for God's grace in our life. Amen. We are part of God's economy. Listen to what the prophet says. How this little woman must have been of the caliber of Elijah. Because usually your action shows what you are. And again, she had been chosen to entertain God's prophet. Remember, she was a Gentile, not a Jew. A type of you and I. Gentiles. And the land was burning up. And no doubt that the little woman being of that caliber, being of that believer type, for we see that God would not have called to her if she hadn't been a worthy one to entertain God's prophet. If he would have never sent his prophet to a house that was unworthy. It was not his choosing or Elijah's choosing. It was God's choosing. It wasn't her beating him. It was God's bidding him to go to her. He has been placed by a brook. He has been placed by a brook. The ravens were feeding him. As as as brother Victor said, you know, God can put you in the care of Satan can be taking care of you. Reverends here were taking care of the prophet. Amen. Re sometimes are symbols of of bad things. But but here they were taking care of the prophet. But it was God's command for something to take place. God surely went to a believer of the same nature of Elijah. I always like this statement. If the word of God came to us, if the prophet came to us, the word of God came to us, it means we are believers of the same nature of the prophet that we have received. We can claim the same promises that God gave to the prophet and claim them to us as well because we are of the same nature. We are of the same caliber. Amen. He was only the wave shift showing that there will be another people that will come after him that will come to the same maturity that he was that that he was. If he had the faith of God, we should have the faith of God. Amen. If he was so certain of God's word, we should be certain of God's word. Amen. Not only hoping. I hope I hope we understand what I'm doing. We should not only hope. We should be certain of the word of God. I'm certain I will make it in the rapture. Amen. Not I'm hoping I I No, I'm hoping I will be part of the rapture. I hope if God finds me, you know. No, no, no, no, no. I'm sure I'm certain by God's grace I'll be part of the rapture. Actually, if there is only one person in the city, I should be the one in the rapture heaven. Hallelujah. We should have the same testimony. Even though if the mistakes and everything, you confess everything to God. So you are pure before God. If there is one person saved in the city of Edmonton, it's me. You can you can you can you can even you can even challenge your pastor. You know, pastor, you know what? If there is one in the city, it's me. You better be careful. I would be Oh, that's good. that he he's sure of what he knows. Amen. We repeat that on the We repeat that on on it was wonderful wonderful communion service. Amen. Communion. I I God has forgiven me. I do it by faith. Amen. Not on myself. It's righteousness of God. If you look at ourself, we are bound to fail. But if you look at God's grace, we can never fail it. Amen. Amen. That's why we come in prayer with faith. God, I'm praying. Not no not. Oh Lord, I'm Lord, would you please by your grace, I hope you can understand me. And no, Lord, I confess my sins. Lord, you know my mistake. Forgive me. I'm nothing. I'm a failure to begin with according to this flesh. But because of what you put inside of me, Lord, I thank you for your grace. I'm coming claiming your promise, claiming your word. Your word is the truth. Lord, I have symptoms. I have problems. I can't understand. The doctors have given up on me. The situation is getting bad for my family. But I still trust in you, Lord. I thank you. You have answered to my prayer. Oh God, actually God is testing his own faith that he put inside of us. Amen. A believer, our life on earth is only action and reaction. Do you know that? God gives you the word and he's taking he's checking on the reaction. Oh, you say amen. Oh, I thank Lord my son. I recognize it. If you don't recognize it, then he waits a little bit. Sometimes he chastise you a little bit. Then he gives you again action and your reaction. Amen. And sometimes he give you he gives you his own faith. Now he's testing his own faith inside of you. I give you my faith. Now I'm testing you. Hey, what do you do with my Oh, do you say amen to God? Yes, Lord. When a problem comes, oh, how are you going to react? He called Moses, but he didn't put him in a in a straight path to go to Egypt, to go to to the Canaan. He took him through the rough path. They took him to the Red Sea to put in front of the Red Sea. Now he's checking the reaction of Moses to the to the Red Sea. Moses came, but God, you called me, but this is a different situation. I don't know how to react on it. Look, the Egyptian are behind me, and I can't go to the right. I can't go to the left. Yeah, I can't go in front. The only the only way is you, Lord. But why? Why, Lord? Why? Why, Lord? God, look. Oh, look. Look at the reaction. That's not the reaction I was expecting. Why are you crying, Moses? I called you. You have a purpose. Now, your bride, I called you. You, I gave you the word of God. And gave you the assurance. Speak the word of God. And Moses recognizes, oh yeah, I should speak the word of God. This Egyptian that you see, you shall see them no more. Amen. The problem that you have, you shall see no more. How it's going to happen? I don't know. But God gave me the word of promise. And I claim that and I thank God. I keep moving forward. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Lord, help me to move from hope to faith. Because hope can be my my worst enemy sometimes because I just, you know, I'm hoping it's going to be fine, you know. Oh, and it looks like he's positive. I'm just hoping Abraham, you're going to have a son. The Bible says he believed in the New Testament by grace. He believed. But in the real life, it look like how he went through. He took all he took his father. It took Lot and he took Sarah and Abraham in the natural life is going there. He's struggling a little bit if you love me. You I believe maybe a little bit of hope. I'm still strong. Sarah is still strong. We might still God gave us the promise and she's she's terrible. She's barren. But I hope it's going to be fine. I believe it's going to be fine. But as age is going up as Gab is going. Oh. Oh. What's going on here? What's going on here? Oh, now I'm los Now Sarah. No, Sarah disqualified. No, now maybe let let me take a Heggar. Maybe I hope it is the promise is true. Hear I hope because I'm still strong. I can then God take No, it's not Hagga. It's you me 75 and 90. No strength anymore. Hope gone. Now he has to believe against any hope. The Bible says, excuse me, he has to hope and believe against any hope because there is no hope. And when there's no hope, then faith has to step in. Oh, God promised and God is going to fulfill his word. I have to believe. When there is no hope at all, when we can't understand, when there is no plan B, God, you are the only plan I can trust. You are the only plan I can put my hope on. Amen. Lord, I want to trust you. Not only hope you want now to trust and have faith in the word of God when I cannot understand because faith is the substance for things we hope for when there is no hope anymore. Amen. Are you with me this evening? Amen. Prophet says, you know, we believed in God. It's strange, most strange that sometimes God has does these things that way. You know, when we have confessed our sins and met every requirement that God requires. We believed on God. There is a s circumstances that has to be met and it's according to his will. We have confessed our sins and made all the wrongs that we have did and right done everything that we know how to do every requirement that God has made and ask and we met that requirement. Yet God lays silent. He just doesn't answer us. Oh then you check this one. You check this one. You check this one. You remove every stone. You check. Still God stays quiet. And sometimes say oh no you know it must be it must what I've done this you conf you confess it and you come back you confess second time third time because you are struggling. Amen. The devil is coming is keep condemning you on then said no don't lose hope don't lose faith says I'm sure that I'm speaking to people this morning who has come to that place. I've been there many times myself when I've went back and traced my life and turned over every stone and I find that I've did something wrong and I've done I'd go and confess it and say Lord God I'll make it right and do and go do so then come back and again say now Lord Lord God you'll answer me surely I've met every request that you required me to do and every requirement I've made it and still he won't move it seems to be silent that's when you've God to be sure that he is God. Don't be discouraged. The only thing is that in your heart to be certain of God. Amen. Say be certain first before you do anything. Be certain in your heart that it's God. When you have met everything that he said, then you would be sure that is God. That when faith goes to work right there, faith stands steady. has it know for it knows what he is that he is. Amen. You met every requirement. You believe that he is and faith holds steady. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Faith won't move for it's sure that God is and reward of those who diligently seek him. Amen. Man you have done all the requirement. You have answered to you done all that. You have confessed your sins. Now let your faith stay steady. Lord, I don't know how, but I just believe your word. And now I can start praising you because I know you have already answered because your word can never fail. Amen. I might be closing your save time. Faith comes by prophecy. Faith is burly. Now my how I like to think of faith. Hope, faith and charity. Those three things and hope. What a beautiful thing. Hope thing hope is little timid hope lively sweet as she is yet yet she's the greatest enemy faith has right the greatest enemy faith is God is hope because a person becomes so hopeful till they leave away from faith become so hopeful oh lord I I hope it turn out because the things I might doing I hope it just turn But then they don't exercise their faith then faith becomes dormant becomes then hope becomes the enemy of of faith says hope will agree with the Bible. Hope will say it's true. Hope will say I believe every bit of it. I believe that's the word of God. I believe that God will keep his promise. Hope believes all that. Hope then says now I believe that God will heal. But look at my condition. But now faith don't look at that. Faith comes around. I don't care nothing about conditions. God said so and it's mine. You see faith it's b faith it's burly. As I once said faith has hair on the chest when it stand up and pull it big muscles out and everything else vanishes away. Just take flies away. When faith really takes a hold nothing else stands. I'm telling you faith. You've got to have hope and charity. If you've got really burly faith, no love with it, you'll ruin your influence before the people if you haven't love God mixed with it. You see, see people a really burly. But what you'll say, excuse expression, a bulldog faith to grab a hold, but it's so rough with it. Then you see when you do that, it doesn't got the kindness here to move with it. So what we need is hope, faith and charity. Isn't that right? Hope, faith and charity together. God help our church to have it like that. The people to have that combination. That's our prayer. God help me to have hope but help me to move to faith. And perfect faith requires love of God. Give me your love, Lord. And then prophet says just paragraph 929. But if you just rely on hope, you hinder faith. Hope looks for something way off, but faith claims it right now. Faith says God said so and it's mine that settles it. Hope look for a future expectation. Oh, it might work, but faith says it's working now. God is already working now. That's why I'm praising God today because God is already working now. I don't see it, but I'm already thanking him, Lord. Thank you. Thank you, Lord, for help. Thank you for healing me. Thank you for saving my family. Thank you for keeping me. Thank you for blessing our church. Thank you for saving this the lost one. Amen. Amen. says, "What about our family?" Jehovah Jarus says, "Just believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou and the house shall be saved." If you can't believe for yourself, you can believe for your household. If you can believe for yourself, you can believe for your house also. Have enough faith in God to believe for yourself. Then believe for your children also. The same faith will save your children that saved you. Amen. That same faith will save your children that saved you. If you just keep praying, God will answer prayer. Don't worry. Amen. So, I'm not only hoping, I'm believing. I'm trusting in God. I'm say God you are saving my children. You are working on my on my family. Oh, I don't see the result. I develop symptoms and conditions. Lord, I'm thanking you already today because your my faith doesn't look at the condition. It says today God is working. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. Let's give a hand to the Lord this evening. No matter the situations like this woman, she was hoping she was hoping hoping a different maybe my cousin might help me. Maybe the situation might help me. Maybe. But then that saved the Lord came into that save the Lord. The bride has received that saved the Lord. We have received that save the Lord from God. And we know that everything he said is going to accomplish. And when she went, did the meal diminish? No. Did the oil finish? No. Because that said the Lord said it will be there every day. A miracle will be there every day. That God of the Old Testament is the same God for you and me. Amen. We can claim on God's promises for our lives, for healing, for a job, for a situation. If you read be certain of God like this thought, the prophet is going actually to normal situations we go through. Maybe you don't have the bills to pay for your house. Maybe you don't know how to pay for the food for your children. Maybe you don't you have situation for sickness. Real normal things we all of us go through. And he's praying for that. He's saying the same God be just be certain of God. The same God of the Old Testament is the same God amidst. Amen. May God bless you. Amen. Sister Wendy, if you please soft through it all, I've learned to trust him. Oh, through it all. Oh, through it all. Oh, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I learn to depend upon his word. Through it all, oh, through it all. Oh, through it all. I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. I've many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. There have been times I didn't know right from wrong. But in every situation, God gives blessed consolation that my trials will only come to make me strong. Through it all, through it all. Oh, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Verse three, I thank God. I thank God for the mountain and I thank him for the valleys. I thank him for the storms he's brought me through. For if I'd never had a problem, I wouldn't know that he could solve. I'd never know what faith in God could do. Oh, through it all. Through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Trust in you. Through it all. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Through it all, through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. So I've learned to trust in God. Through it all. Oh, through it all. I've learned to depend upon his word. The music is playing softly. Just choose a position and pray to the Lord. Bring your needs to him with faith knowing that God is going to answer to our need. Let's go in prayer. Each one Do you know the song you know blessed assurance that should Jesus Jesus is mine. Oh, are the forest of glory divine, heir of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit. washed in his blood. This is my story. Oh, this is my story. Oh, this is my song. Praising my savior all day long. This is my story. Oh, this is my song. Praise him my savior all day long. Perfect submission. Oh, perfect submission. Perfect. Visions of rapure now burst on my side. Dangels descending. Oh, bring from above. Because your mercy spirits of love. Oh, this is my story. Oh, this is my song. I'm praising my savior all day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Verse three, perfect sal is at rest. I in my savior am happy and blessed. Watching and waiting and looking above. Filled with his goodness, lost in his love. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Oh, I'm praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my savior all day long. It's a blessed assurance. It's not a hope. So, it's I know so. I know that he's going to he has saved me and I will make it by God's grace and he will answer all my prayers. Just keep believing and testifying what God is going to say. Amen. If you can give a mic to brother Dan Daniel for closing the service. Brother Daniel. Let's stand. Father, we just thank you Lord for the opportunity to come to your house of worship once more. Your house of prayer. House of Correction. Lord, we just want to hang on to everything that we have mentioned in prayer to you, Lord, with with that substance faith. Lord, that you will bring it to pass in your time. Lord, we remember Sister Debbiey's need, their family, and Lord, we will bombard heaven with these things till we see the fruits. Lord Jesus, help us. I pray, God, bless our pastor here in the church. Lord, each one that came, take that little pillar of fire home with them and help us, Lord, to let our light shine this week. We pray your blessing on each one that came to hear your word and ask, Lord, you would just remember all of our loved ones that Lord Jesus, you would speak to them in that still small voice about getting right with God in this late hour. Granted, Savior, we send our prayers after them. We ask all of these mercies now in the precious name of our loving Savior. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother. Thank you very much. Amen. Just want to close with this this song. All is well. Help me. All is well. All we have heard the message. Shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner. So rest till rest for all is well. All is well. All is well. Well, all is well. We have heard the message shalom for all is well. Oh, there is a place of perfect rest behind the no. So rest little rest for all is well. Amen. There's a request here. The Martendos family will be traveling to att 13. So pray for us. Please pray. Just u just bow our heads. Father we thank you Lord as this request has come. Lord we can be at rest because you know our future. But we just want to commit our future to you Lord. As a family Mendo has always been a blessing for us. Father, we just pray that you'll keep them safe for this trip, that your preparation will go fine. Father, the waiting will go fine, that they will be a blessing over there as they have always been a blessing here, Lord. May you keep them safe and bless this trip. Let it be fruitful and prosperous, Father, as we commit them to you. You are the same pillow of fire. You'd like to guide, you get to lead, you get to go beyond the guide. Be their guide, Father. We commit them to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Shalom. All is well. God bless you. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
