################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 04 09 Moses Ndala Ordained for the Great Kill - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-22
Title:    RWF 2025 04 09 Moses Ndala Ordained for the Great Kill
Speaker: Moses Ndala
Church:   Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAVAUvYzcgQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. I lift them up. I lift them up, Lord, unto thy name. I lift them up, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. [Music] I will lift up my hands. In thy name. I lift my hands. I lift my hands, Lord. Unto thy name. I lift my hands low unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Amen. Welcome. God bless. Thank you for your prayers. I shared kind of what happened on uh on the messaging app there and I was just thankful. It was the best of a worse situation. So, Adeline was okay and I was okay and there was no other vehicles on the road when I hit it and my airbags didn't go off which would have veered me somewhere and yeah and so everything was okay and I'm sorry I missed Sunday. I had to drive um drove all the way to left bridge to try and find parts of my car. I don't have collision on my car. So, I'm fixing it myself. So, so I have enough to make it roadw worthy. And praise the Lord, it's roadw worthy. I just have a a bunch of doors that are just all dented. So, let's sing 842. Keep on the firing line. If you're in the battle for the Lord and ride, keep on the firing line. If you'll win, my brother, surely you must fight. Keep on the firing line. There are many dangers that we all must face. If we die of fighting, there is no disgrace. A coward in the service, he will find no place. So keep on the firing line. You must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even lag behind if you would win for God and the right. Just keep on the firing line. God will only use a soldier he can trust. Keep on the firing line. If you wear a crown, then bear the cross. You must keep on the firing line. Life is but to labor for the master, dear. Help to banish evil and to spread good cheer. Great you'll be rewarded for your service here. So keep on the firing line. You must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even lag behind. If you would win for God and the right, just keep on the firing line. When we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad. Keep on the firing line. How will we praise the Savior for the call we had? Keep on the firing line. When we see the souls that we have helped to win, leading them to Jesus from the paths of sin, with a shout of welcome, we will all margin in. So keep on that firing line. You must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even lag behind. If you would win for God in the right, just keep on the firing line. Verse three, when we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad. Keep on the firing line. I will praise the savior for the call we have. Keep on the firing line when we have helped to win leading them to Jesus from the paths of sin. With a shout of welcome we will all march in. Go keep on that firing line. 223. I'm resolved no longer to linger. I am resolved no longer to linger. Charmed by this world's delight. Things that are higher, things that are noble. These have all my sight. Oh, I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus greatest highest I will come to thee. I am resolved to go to the Savior leaving my sin and strike. He is the true one. He is the just one. He has the words of love. I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus greatest highest. I will come to thee. I am resolved to enter the kingom, leaving the paths of sin. Friends may oppose me, foes may beset me. Still I will enter in. I will hasten to him. Hast so glad and free. Jesus greatest highest I will come to thee. I am result and who will go with me. Come friend without delay. God by the Bible, led by the Spirit. We'll walk the heavenly way. I will hasten to him. Hasten so glad and free. Jesus [Music] greatest highest I will come to thee. Amen. Pop those announcements up before I forget. Good Friday, uh, April 18th, brother, uh, Brent Gansky from Saskatoon, uh, Easter Sunday. Uh, we'll have the regular 10 a.m. service. Uh, Wednesday is 23rd, Brother Maxwell. Uh, Friday, April 25th is youth and brother Gideon will be with us on the 27th. So, Amen. Sing What a Wonderful Thing. 64. You could stand with me as well. What a wonderful thing. A wonderful thing. to be saved from sin. Have peace within. To be made anointed with Jesus my king. What a wonderful, wonderful thing. [Music] What a wonderful thing. A wonderful thing to be saved from sin. Have peace within. to be made a joint air with Jesus my king. What a wonderful, wonderful thing. What a wonderful thing. A wonderful thing to be saved from sin. Have peace within. To be made a joint with Jesus my king. What a wonderful wonderful thing. Amen. There's a in our prayer group app there's says pray for brother Dan. He's he's not feeling well [Music] tomorrow. We can keep brother Dan in our prayers. Um maybe if I ask brother Fox if he could come up and and open pray for the Pray for brother Dan Bamford. You can sing that one more time. What a wonderful thing. A wonderful thing to be saved from sin. Have peace within to be made anointed with Jesus my king. What a wonderful wonderful thing. [Music] God bless you. It's good to be in God's house again. No better place for a Christian to be is right here tonight to come to fellowship with our Lord and Savior, the one that gave us eternal life through his precious blood. Um I just like to share a couple of things before we go into prayer. Um I was uh found uh brother Luke Sim. He's uh I think he's scheduled to go in for an operation, I believe he has a donor for a liver and if it's if the liver is uncompromised and he's a fit for it, apparently he'll be going in for an operation tomorrow. Uh but don't quote me on that. I just heard that. I was texting brother Ray Adrian tonight and it's sounding good right now, but you know, things can change, right? So, we just want to trust in the Lord and keep the whole family in prayer that uh if it does come to pass that he has his operation and that uh that uh our Lord will just intervene in that operating room and and uh just work with everybody involved to to put a new liver in him. Even even so, uh it takes God to come on the scene and do the healing. And I was also talking to uh brother David Hakaluck. Um I see him quite often because he comes to my club and I'm coaching him. So I'm keeping in touch with him with his his brother uh Johnny and uh he's basically fighting for his life and uh the doctors have given him six months to live. You know he needs a miracle. Um he's uh he's not keen keen on taking chemotherapy uh because at the best even with the chemotherapy the doctor said there's only maybe 50/50 chance that he'd make it through chemotherapy. So uh he's opted for the option to try a holistic view point of view of taking natural medicine and he's doing that and uh so he's apparently he went and saw another doctor another specialist and that doctor recommended he should take both both the natural approach and to take chemo. And there again, um it all comes down to um his trust and faith in the Lord and that uh it'll raise his faith up to accept what God will have for him. Uh he's pretty low. He's very weak. He he he's uh he can't drive anymore. He's pretty much on full care. Um so pray for the Hakalak family and uh just pray that God would have his will and wait tonight in this meeting. and uh we just want to give him all the praise. So let's go in prayer for before our Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just really want to thank you this evening, Lord, that you've given us the opportunity again one more time, dear Lord, just to come into your house, Lord, just to spend time with you, Lord, just to take away the cares of this world, Lord, that we're living in. And Father, that we come here tonight for one purpose only. And that purpose is, Lord Jesus, just to get closer to you, Father God. And Father, Lord, just forgive us where we've fallen short today. Maybe Lord Jesus, we just want to commit everything to you tonight in this service, the song service, the song later. Lord, a brother that would step behind this pulpit tonight, Lord, preach the word of God. May we just pull on that gift, Lord Jesus. Father, just bind us together in one accord and one spirit, Lord Jesus, for our desire and our prayer, Lord Jesus, that we leave here a better people than we come in, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, that our light would just shine for you, oh Father God, for this is the reason and purpose we're here on earth, Father, just to be a shining light for that one lost soul. And Lord, I'm sure there's many unspoken requests out there for families and loved ones. And I sure have my family and my and I'm just I'm just claiming them, Lord Jesus. Lord, that you would just intercede in that and my family, Lord Jesus. And all things are possible, Lord Jesus, through you. We just want to put our trust in you tonight, Lord Jesus. and just want to give you all the glory and the honor and praise your wonderful precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can greet one another. [Music] Just beyond the veil, I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there, just beyond the veil. Beautiful you are. Beautiful you are. Beautiful. You are You are beautiful. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are You are Jehovah Gyra. You are Elohim. You are Elohim. You are Elohim. You are. You are. Elohim. You are lamb of God. You are lamb of God. You are lamb of God. You are You are lamb of God. You are El Shai. You are El Shai. You are El Shadai. You are You are El Shadai. You are just beyond the veil. I long to see your face. Just to see your beauty there just beyond the veil. Jehovah Gyra. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are Jehovah Gyra. You are You are Jehovah Gyra. You are lamb of God. Lamb of God. You are lamb of God. You are lamb of God. You are You are lamb of God. You are 1086. You deserve the glory. [Music] You deserve the glory [Music] and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy [Music] and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Verse one. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hearts in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] 559. Lord, I want to love you more. [Music] Lord, I want to love you more [Music] than I ever have before. You're so easy to adore. Lord, I want to love you more. Lord, I want to serve you. Lord, I want to serve you more [Music] than I ever have before. You're so easy to adore, Lord. I want to serve you more, Lord. I want to praise you more [Music] than I ever have before. You're so easy to adore. Lord, I want to praise you more. Lord, I want to love you. Lord, I want to love you more. more than I ever have before. You're so easy to adore. Lord, I want to love you more. [Music] Give thanks. 583 as brother Moses would come. [Music] Give thanks. With a grateful heart, give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. and death. Let the weak say, "I am strong." Let the poor say, "I am rich." Because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Let's sing once again. Give thanks. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks. Thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. I am love. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Amen. Amen. Let the weak say I am strong. Positive confession upon the word of God. It doesn't depend on how much you feel and how you feel and and how you think. You take the word of God. I am strong by Jesus Christ. Strong by the one who strengthens me. Amen. Greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Good to be in the house of the Lord again this evening. Amen. Praising the Lord and worshiping him. Amen. Because of what he has done for me, I can have confidence and keep moving on and pressing on because of what he has already done. It's a finished work. Amen. That's what we are working on. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Let's sing that song. [Music] Because he lives. I can face tomorrow. Because Jesus lives. Because he lives. All fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. Behold the future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Because he lives. Because he lives. And I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. Because I know. Yes, I know. He holds the future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we thank you once again to be in your presence this evening. Father, Lord, we come with that positive confession in our heart, Father, because you live because you were dead, but now you are alive. You risen from the dead, Lord Jesus Christ. Now you have come to give us the same life that was in you, Father. Because you live, you hold our future. You are the same yesterday, today, and forever. You hold our past, our present, now you hold our future. Everything that you are working, living on, Father, has already been fordained. Lord, we can trust in you. We can walk with confidence. Father, we give you the glory and the honor, Lord, this evening. Once again, Lord, we surrender oursel to you. We thank you father for this service where we come to have fellowship with you as was prayed earlier. Lord we come father to fellowship around the revealed word of the hour. Thank you father for the blood of Jesus Christ that is washing us and cleansing us. Thank you father for the for the confirmation and certainty. The sound that is not uncertain. The sound of the trumpet that is certain with a clear message. Message of healing. Message of resurrection. Message of transformation. message for the rapture. Father, we thank you Lord. We can Lord look at your promise and say yes Lord we you live. Because you live, we shall live as well. Lord, we love you Lord. We surrender oursel to you. Forgive our sins, our trespasses where we have failed you. Lord, we come, Father, to come to receive a portion of you. Your word make flesh in our heart. Father, make it reality in our heart this evening as we pray. Father, you know our needs. We come on this prayer meeting. Lord, you know our needs. Father, we want to prepare our heart, Lord, so that we can talk back to you, Lord. Cutting your word and say your word is yay and amen, Father. Lord, that's why we are here, Lord. We love you and appreciate you. We thank you already, Lord, because you always hear our prayers. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. A little up. Yeah, sure. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you pastor. Greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ evening. Amen. And u keep you a li good habit to keep you standing makes you uh awake. Keeps you awake. Wednesday sometimes you feel tired and we've been doing different things during the day. So but you know sometimes we are tired as we allowed oursel to be tired. Sometimes sometimes if they put something here that you like is some people like hockey if they put hockey you forget about tiredness. So jumping and everything. So sometimes just ourel allowing to be tired but we we also respect genuine tiredness but may God help us. Amen. The prophet says uh I want to to go to the word of God but I just want to read this quote. Oh, it seems condemning, but I just liked it. I just found it almost when I was preparing towards the end. I said, "Oh, that's that looks a good quote. Christ is a mystery of God revealed." It says, "You've got tapes on discipline in the church, how we behave oursel in the church, how we got to come here together and sit together in heavenly places." Say, "Don't stay home." Oh, looks like we should say for those who stayed home, but they're talking to us. Don't stay home. If God is in your heart, you can't hardly wait for them doors to open out your handle to get in here to fellowship with your brothers. If you don't feel that way, then I tell you, it's time for you, you got to go to praying. May God help us. Amen. Oh, we have that desire where we want to come to church and have fellowship with one another and fellowship around the revealed word of the hour. Amen. Judges 16 going to talk about some sum. Thank you musicians and thank you brother Andrew. Amen. We are happy that you are here. God bless you. Thank you for keeping you and watching over you and the family. Great testimony of God's protection and his presence. Amen. We're happy for Sister Esther who's also back. She's not in the service yet. I think she jet lag or so. Uh but she will recover. She will recover. So God bless her. Um happy that she's here. Judges 16. Judge 16 verse 2022. Judges 16 verse 20. And she said is Delilah. Delilah said, "The Philistine be upon thee, Samson." And he woke out of his sleep and said, "I will go out as at the other times before and shake myself." And he whis not that the Lord had departed from him. Oh my. But the the Philistines took him and put out his eyes and brought him down to Gaza and bound him with feathers of brass. And he did grind in the prison house. It did grind in the prison house. May God bless his word. And you can have a seat. Like I said, I would like to talk a little bit of Samsson um as a thought just for this uh small thought to share for the prayer meeting. Hebrews 11:32 says, "And what shall I say more? For the time will fail me to tell of Gideon and of Barack and of of Samson, of Jeffy, of David also and Samuel and of the prophet." So Samson was not was considered as one of the heroes of faith. Amen. Even though we know at the end it seemed like a little bit was beaten or but it was a hero of faith. Amen. It was an example but it was put there for for as a type. It was put there as a as some something where we can learn from as a principle where we can learn from. So that's why is there in the Bible is a type of the church. The prophet will use it as a type of the church to preach some messages. a deceived church by the world or just once more and different messages to show a parallel between Samson and the church. Amen. So look at the life of Samson. We see that it represent the church. Samson was born with a mission. Samson was born with a mission. He was born with a purpose. He had a mission to kill the Philistines. That was his mission. But because they were under bondage, he was he was there to kill them. He was born in order to deliver them from the Philistines. The church also had a commission. The church has a commission to deliver to kill uh to to to kill the enemy if we can do to the works of the enemy to continue the works of the law to destroy the works of the enemy. Amen. Yes, sir. The Bible says in 1 John 3 says, "He that committh sin is of the devil, and the devil sinnth from the beginning, but the purpose of the son of God was manifest that he might destroy the works of the devil." Amen. We are not here just to be on the to be the one receiving the pushing the the punch the punch from the devil. We are not here just to be there on the on the side where the devil can throw anything at us and we are just oh he was just defending trying to to do this way. We are also also on the side where we can also defend our land and also show to the devil that this is our possession. We can claim our inheritance. Solomon, Samson was there to claim the inheritance that God has already given them. This cannot be pertaining to the Philistines. You have to fight for it. You have to put them away. You have to defend your land. You have to defend your family. You have to defend your church. Amen. You have to defend the message. Amen. We are here to defend our inheritance. Amen. We cannot just be there and be accepting anything that comes from the enemy. We are there to defend what God has given us. Amen. God has given us the joy of salvation. I have to defend the joy of salvation. God has given healing. I have to defend healing. God has given have given me sanctification. I have to defend sanctification. He has given them the Holy Ghost. I have to defend the Holy Ghost. Amen. Confessing what God has told me. Amen. The prophet says in the spoken words the original seed he says now Christ was manifested to destroy the works of the devil. You believe that? Now I can't explain all this. I'm just going through just quickly hit the high places so you can't stay too long. The prophet says Christ was manifested to destroy the works of the devil. Is that right? The congregation says amen. You all believe that. That's why it says God's word which destroys the works of the hybrid, the devil. Is that right? He was done to do that. He was born to to be that to destroy the works of the devil. Now his body is to do the same because the body is or head or body is together. That's right. If Christ is the head was the word, his body has to be the same thing as his head was. Amen. The church of the word, born of the word, virgin born from the word. No denimation now. Virgin born from the word. The way the body operates is by the head. Is the head was there to destroy the works of the enemy. So the body must also be there to destroy the works of the enemy. Amen. We are here to destroy the works of the enemy. So Satan was ordained Satan Samson was ordained to to to to ordained for the great kill. Amen. Son was ordained for the great kill. You have not been ordained to live under your privileges. You have been ordained to cast the enemy and to take your inheritance of the promised land of God. Healing is ours. Joy, salvation is ours. Sanctification is ours. Full service for God is ours. Amen. Our marriage is ours. Our family is ours. Amen. Our church is ours. We have to claim all of them. Amen. Because of what God has given us. We are sons and daughters of God. Amen. We are not slaves. We are not servant. We are sons and daughters of God. Once you have received the Holy Ghost, you have the token to claim your family. You have the token to claim your belongings. You have the token to claim your h your health. Amen. Amen. Amen. Samson was predestinated to life. He was announced by the angel way before he was even conceived. The angel came and told them the the mother says you know you shall have a son that son has to be dedicated to me make sure that you don't drink any wine you don't drink any alcohol you don't drink anything because that son has been dedicated to me in order to fight the enemy has been dedicated in this age you shall the I will send you I will send you Elijah the prophet that Malachi 4 concerns you concerns me amen we are part of the prophecy we have been ordained for the great kill we have been ordained to defeat the enemy that's right prophet says that the only one thing I find with the Christian church today it a scare or it's being afraid it backs up it doesn't understand its privileges is we are living far under the privileges that God has for then for us to live. We are now not will be but now we are now are you the sons and daughters of God and and we try to put it in the millennium somewhere but now you are now that you have to exercise your privileges of being son and daughter of God. We should not be living under fear. Fear of cancer, fear of this, fear of this, fear of this. Both things exist, but we are sons and daughters of God. God is more powerful than anything that the enemy can put upon us. The prophet says in perfect faith when we were sinners alenated without God in the world in that mark of man as I talked about this morning, God come to us. God sought you. God sought you. You never sought God. No man can come to me except the father draws him first. Amen. We didn't when not looking for God. We are not seeking the message. We are not looking for the message. We didn't even know that the message was there. But the God God reach in reach in mercy. Looked for you. Looked for me. Was seeking for you like that eagle was looking to find. I know my son is there. I know my daughter is there. I will send a book. I'll testify. I will send someone to testify that person. I will bring them in the church. Amen. God is the one who was seeking after us. We are not seeking after him. So if God was seeking after you, after me. He has a purpose for it. Amen. Amen. Prophet says, "No man can come to me except the father draws him first." Amen. That's a wonderful scripture. Be it is the father who draws you. Amen. It's the father who who brings you to him. We didn't bring oursel. We didn't know. We didn't even we didn't know anything. Amen. We were we were say we were we were we were suffering of spiritual amnesia. We didn't know where we were. But by God's grace, he put us in a he put us in a in a way that we we start remembering something. He put us in a way where we stop at the station. We go there. Oh, this reminds me of something. This reminds me of something. This reminds me of something. When they talk about the baptism in the name of Jesus Christ, oh, just something says amen. You don't understand but you say amen. When they talk about the prophet and the prophet God has sent a prophet just in your heart something says amen. It was God drawing you to him. God drawing me to him. Hallelujah. Amen. Says God came down in that mark where you were and sought you out and brought you out. That ought to create a perfect love. Look what you were. Look what you are today. What did that? somebody that loves you. Can't you have faith in what God has promised you? Then real genuine love will create a confidence in his word. Sometimes the problem is love. God, may you give us more of your love. Because if I love you so much, I know that you love me already. There's nothing I can do to make you love me more. Amen. Because God's love is elective. He's already elected you. Already chosen you. Now we ask to love him more. Amen. to express our love to him more and more. The more we love him, the more we trust him. Love creates faith. Amen. Love creates faith. You love the Lord so much if you have faith in his word. Amen. That's true. That's why in order to go on the other side, we need perfect faith. Perfect love. God, may you give us more of your love. Amen. It says, "He caught me when I was nothing. I'm still nothing, but I am in his hand." See, he caught me. And he loved me when I was unlovable. He loved you when you were unlovable, but he changed you. Amen. Just like that sister said that time in her testimony. She said, "I'm not what I ought to be." Yeah, that true. That's why we come to church. That's why we read the word of God. We listen to the tapes. That's why we we pray because we realize we are not there yet where we had to be. We had to come to that perfect perfect love the capstone that that's why we reach that's where we are aiming that's where we want to go. Amen. That's why we we we we we pray that's why we dedicate ourselves. Lord I want to reach there. I want to get there. I want to come to the point where I can forgive. I can come to a point where I can love anyone. I want to come to the point where no nothing can hurt me and I cannot hurt anybody. I want to reach that statue of the perfect man. I want to come to the level where Lord I can hear your voice that any time I've been led Lord I don't want to rely on my own understanding. I want to come to the level where you are like with the prophet I'm waiting for you to lead me. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because there are many things in the channel sometimes many things logging the pres or or the talk or the communion with God. Now we want all those channels to be cleansed to be removed to come to that perfect such a perfect man. So I'm not what I ought to be, but I'm not what I want to be. I know I'm not what I want to be, but I'm not what I used to be. That's the difference. I used to be the one who loved alcohol. I used to be the one who loved the world. I used to be the one who all the different things. But something changed me. I did not change myself. Something changed me. There is only one thing that can remove the desire is the Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost has the power to remove the desire. God, you have removed the desire. If you could remove the desire for the things of the world, now today, I know you will bring me to perfection. Amen. Because God does not do a partial work. Amen. God doesn't start a project and it stays in the middle of the project. No, that's not how God works. When God start a work, he he continue all the way to full completion. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. He says she know that she had come somewhere something happened. That's the way it is. If God when I was an alien from him so loved me till he stooped down to get me and picked me up that gives me confidence that that he wants to use me. Amen. Amen. He's got the purpose in doing it. He seen something in me. He seen something in you. He had a reason to save you. Look at the people that are unsaved today. Sometimes we we we look only at the negative side sometimes, right? So this I'm still this. I'm this and this. I'm still this. But the prophet says no. Sometimes look look from all the unsaved people there. But God saved you. God chose you. God revealed his word to you. Amen. God forgave your sins. God tell you you are justified as if you have never done it to begin with. From all the people, God tells you that. Oh God, it should give us more confidence. It should give us more love towards him. Should give us to understand that we have been called for a purpose. Amen. God reveal to us your purpose. The purpose sometimes might not be a big things and to become a big man or a big woman. The purpose might be just oh to say amen to the church. In the church I share sometimes with my wife. I says, "Oh, I thank God for brother Bryant in in the tapes." Is it Brent, right? Brent. Bryant. Yeah. We ran in the tape and some the tape sometimes will be so you know if he was not there but God put him there just to say amen. Oh that makes the tapes lively. Thank God for that brother. Amen. Maybe God just call you for that purpose. Amen. That's right. Amen. Amen. I like that. says, "No one can take your place." No one can take your place. Amen. No one can take your place. Amen. You are in God's economy. Sometimes think, "No, I'm just a little one. I'm just nothing here." And no, you are part of God's economy. Amen. That's why if you understand it, oh God, help me to play my part. Help me to play my part fully. Lord, whatever you want me to be, help me to be on my post of duty because I'm part of God's economy. If I'm not there, I'm making God's economy incomplete. Amen. And you can never be successful. The Bible say at some point I might not get reached. Say you can never be successful or you can never be you. There are only two things either you fulfill God purpose in your life or you will be the most miserable person in your life. Oh God, I would like to be the I would like to be fulfilling God purpose than to be miserable. Amen. You can never find satisfaction, real satisfaction until you come to the real place where God called you. Amen. You are part of God's economy. No one can do it. That is love to you. Amen. Then won't your love won't won't your love reach back to him? If there is there and there is a love affair no matter what the situation is it circumstances is governed by this love that create faith that God loves you and you love God and you love one another and that brings faith. Amen. It can't keep from bringing out just exactly what it can't keep from bringing out just exactly what God promised it it will be. Amen. So each one of us has a purpose. Yes. Amen. Samson was a Nazarite from his mother's womb. The the angel told the mother said, "Therefore be aware I pray thee. Drink not wine nor stream drink and hear and eat not any unclean thing for no th shall conceive and bear a son and no razor shall come into his head. For the child shall be a Nazarite unto God from the womb, and he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines." You know what a Nazarite he is? He is the one who has to be consecrated. has to be dedicated. That's why we are we we are dedicated to God. We we don't we don't compromise on the word on God's word. We don't go and and drink wine and do a different things and and be there on unclean things. We are Nazarite dedicated to God. Consecrated to God. A life that is consecrated, sanctified, undeiled. Amen. God cannot use any any person who's not a Nazarite. Amen. We have to be a Nazerite. The sister have to keep the long hair as a sign of Nazarite. Amen. Submission. What is part? You are a Nazerite. Amen. The prophet said, "A Christian is a Nazerite is separated from the things of the world." Amen. We are Nazarite. Amen. Listen. Because we want to be used by God for the purpose he called us to do. Amen. To be a Nazerite means you make an effort to keep yourself. You make an effort to keep yourself. You run away from dead people, dead things. You run away from women. You run away from from things on the website. You run away. You You keep yourself clean. That's a Nazarite. He had to make that effort. Amen. To make sure I'm dedicated to God. Amen. I'm sanctified. True. Amen. Samson, when he saw the lion, I'm just going quickly because I want to say I don't want to be too long. The spirit of the Lord came upon him mighty upon him and he ran him. He ran the lion and he ran him. He rent him and he rent him as he would have rent a kid and he had nothing in his hand but he told not his father and his mother what he had done. The prophet will pick the scripture and many other places he says Samson was not a big full of muscles and different things. No that's how Hollywood is trying to represent Samson. Samson was not big and full of muscles. He was just a simple man. A simple man. Just a simple man like that. But when the spirit of God comes upon him, then he can do the great works. Amen. He's a type of the church. The church is not maybe different from the other churches. May have a simple building and but when the Holy Spirit comes in that church, that makes the difference. Amen. Praise be to God. Amen. So that was the mystery. He was a CC boy. He was a ce a little cece man. And people look how where is the secret of that man? We don't see any different. He was a Nazerite. He was not the only Nazerite. There are many Nazerite in the country. They had the long hair the same way as him. But him this strength is different. Where does it come from? Everybody was wondering how can someone take a line and and and just kill him in in pieces like that. This must be something different. What's going on? How can a man run after 300 foxes? Can you think about it? 300 foxes. They go in a different direction and he goes, he catch this one, he catch this one, he catch this 300 and tie them together. That must be something really wonderful. So they know this man cannot only be supernatural. Not a man can do that. Not a man, not a simple man can do that. So we have to find where the secret is. This they must have something different. Indeed, he had a hidden power inside of him. That was the Holy Spirit. That the spirit of God when it comes upon him, he changed him completely. He gave him that supernatural power. Amen. The same thing for the church. Amen. We have received the supernatural power of God to change us, to transform us. Amen. Amen. That's right. That's what makes the bride special. Amen. So the success of the world is not our success. The success of the bride is depending upon the Holy Spirit. We cannot compare with the world. Amen. We cannot compare to the program of the world. We cannot compare. The prophet will take that down the evil world church says we cannot compare even pattern after the world and the company and all the things they do. We have to rely on what God has done. We see some in the Christian music. We have to rely on what God has done. Amen. Amen. At one time, you see, he takes a you know the story of of of Samson just just read. He take a dry jawbone of a NAS and killed 1,000 fully armored soldiers. You know that was not the problem. Pick it out. That was not the what? That was not the strength of Samson. That could not be the strength of a man. Even that jawbone that he had in his hand, it was already dry. The first heat would have crushed it. Amen. But when God, the spirit of God came, he used that that dry job on. Amen. If you have sometimes you what God has given you, God has given you a little a little slingshot of prayer. Don't neglect it. Amen. If God comes behind it, he has the power to remove what the enemy is trying to attack you. He has the power to stabilize our families. He has the power to give us healing. Amen. He has the power to give us the joy of the salvation. He has the power to give us a life of prayer. Amen. Oh no. I I want to wait for the time when I can make a very long prayer. No, start with a small prayer. Just few words. Oh God, I thank you Lord. I thank you Lord. You wake up in the morning Lord I thank you Lord. The first the last thing to go before going to bed. Oh God thank you Lord. You must not be on the phone and checking. No no no no no. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just a small thing, God can go behind it. Amen. And give you more than what you can think. That's right. That's the principle of God. Otherwise, you rely on yourself. That's right. That's true. The hidden power in Shamgar killed 600 Philistines with an ox goat. The hidden power in Daniel overcame the lions. The hidden power in the three Hebrews overcame the fire furnace. The hidden power in John the Baptist when they boiled him in oil he was still alive. What is that? The hidden power. Amen. The hidden power was behind the stone that David used. It was not that small stone that could kill that giant Golite. No, no, no, no. It was not the strength of David to kill that giant. No, no, no, no. It was God behind that stone that killed the giant. Amen. to prove that it was God killing the giant. The giant didn't didn't fall behind or backwards. He fall he fell forward to show that he had to worship God. Amen. He had to worship the God that was in David. Amen. The same God who was with David, the same God is with us this evening. Amen. for any giant that the enemy would try to throw before us to try to to to try to defy or to defy the the God the challenge to challenge our God. The same God is present this evening. Amen. That's right. Let's have faith in the in God's word. Praise God. Coming back to Samson, they could not understand how he could take the gate of gas and and its ports and carried them to the top of the gate of the city because he was a son of Abraham. And the city of Abraham shall possess every gate of the enemy. Every gate of the Once you possess the gate of the enemy, once you possess the gate of a city, you possess that city because you know the power of the city comes from that gate. So if God God has promised you and you and I, we shall possess the gates of the enemy. Amen. Whatever the enemy will put upon us, no weapon against you and I shall prosper. Amen. But we shall possess every gate of the enemy. Brother says, "And what does it take to make a Christian life? Not you, the Holy Spirit, but the Holy Spirit as you." You say, "I got the Holy Ghost." I don't think that should be say you must say the Holy Ghost got me. Then when the Holy Ghost gets you, the burdens, the yoke is easy. Then you pick up the big gates, the big gates of Gaza and pack them straight to Calvary. There on Mount Calvary, you lay them at the feet of Jesus and pray for your enemies, not with a grudge. Amen. So see when when you don't have you you you just have to carry every gate to the mountain and leave it at the gates at the feet of Jesus Christ. Leave it there. Don't carry it yourself. Leave you carry it and leave it to Jesus Christ. You have possessed Gaza. Amen. The spirit that was in the Philistines is the same spirit that is now today. Maybe I would say maybe in the actual world and not politic but that actual in amas and they just want to destroy. They just want to destroy. But let me tell you, Israel shall overame shall overcome. Amen. The prophet says, "When a man is in the line of duty for God, there is no gate. Nothing can stand in his way." The devil tried to fence God's man and people in one in one day with the Red Sea. But they went right on through just the same. When as long as a man is in the service of God, as long as the anointing and blessing is upon him, he should not fear nothing because his promise that he will be with you and nothing will bother us by no means. As long as you stay with the word of God, you will always be an overcomer. Always be an overcomer. Amen. So whenever we gather here, we can remove mountains, we can remove gates, we can ask God for deliverance. Amen. Samson being a type of of the church. Just want to get to that point. Maybe another point. So I want to change a little bit the corner here. But we saw Samson had a weakness. Maybe 10 10 minutes here and I'll close. He loved he loved the woman and he finally he got into one woman called Delilah. Yes. Contrary to how Hollywood portrays that Delilah Delila loves her, loves him and he was trying to protect him. No, Delilah was she knew what was going on. She actually she actually betrayed him. Yeah. Judges 16:5 says, "The Lord of the Philistine came unto her and said unto her, entice him, and see wherein his strength lies, and by what means we may prevail against him that we may bind him to afflict him." So she knew from the very beginning what she was doing. That's what the enemy is doing to the church. That's what the enemy is doing to you and I. From the very beginning, the enemy want to destroy. He want to afflict. And he said, "We will give thee every one of us, 1100 pieces of silver." So because of popularity, because of money and I said you have to go and you have to def you have to to find where his strength is. Find for us where the strength is. And they came and she was you know the story she came and asked him what is your strength? Where is your strength lies? And Sam Samson being a little bit clever say you know just take seven green weaves and you know bind me and you see you see you see that I'll become weak like any other person. And then she did that and she put men around and the Philistine is around. said the Philistines upon thee and and and he woke up and he and he and and he removed all of those weeds and everything all the robes. The prophet says it was it was he was bound as a Catholic was bound. But Luther came Luther came and it was one deliverance once again. He came he overcome overcame. Amen. Praise be to God. He overcame and then she came again asked him what is your secret? You see what you lie to me. What is your secret? Then he goes there and says, "You know what? You take new robes and you bind me and you I will become like the other one." And she bind him and she and she put again man around and come and attack him. And then the Philistines upon him and he rose and said and he rose and and he chased them everything. Amen. Amen. Prophet says, "Yeah, that was the lutter. They was bound. Now Wesley came up and then the third time then they came and what can I do? What can I?" So you take you weaved me with the seven locks. But you remember every secret that he was telling, he was getting closer to to the real secret, the seven locks, the word of God, what God has given him as a promise. That the place where it was. And every time he was revealing, he was getting closer and closer to a place where he was. Amen. And then she bound him. And she bound him upon a web. As I look in the word, I say if that we the seven logs of my head with the web, oh maybe that the web that is how is making the church become so lukewarm sometimes and then like that. Oh God, deliver us from the web spirit. Web spirit is is worse than television spirit because it can bind. It's actually the same spirit. Maybe the same spirit seven times worse because it it can distract you. It can just kill your time and all the different things you you you become bound to it. Even scientists themselves they say you become addicted to it. Addicted to it. Television sometimes you you just look at it but when you become activated you think that you are doing any action but actually you are being addicted to it. Amen. Says when you bind him like that then the prophet says he was delivered again. Pentecostal came out. Oh, thank God for the Pentecostals. But now she came back to him again and says, "You tell me, tell me the real secret. Tell me your real secret." Let's read in the Bible. Tell me your real secret. She says, and she said unto him, "How can thou say I love thee when thy heart is not with me?" Now she's getting deeper in the heart. Where is your heart, Samson? Where is your heart? says, "Where is your heart? Your heart is not with me." Of course, your heart must not be with you. My heart must be with God. Why you want to change my heart to be in you? And Samson didn't understand that. And he let that heart go to Delilah. Remember, I should say that has mocked me these three times, has not told me wherein that great strength lies. And came to pass when she pressed him daily with her words, and hedged him so that his soul was vexed unto death. Then he told her all his heart. Now he gave all his heart to her. Oh Samson, don't do that. Don't give your heart to Delila. Give your strength and your heart to God. That's sometimes the problem with the church. We give our strength only to the church, but our heart is somewhere else. What is the time? What time is it? Let me go. My heart is somewhere else. Oh God, help my heart to be in you, Lord. Then he said unto her, "There has no come a razor upon my head, and I've been a Nazarite unto God from my mother's womb. And if I be shaven, then my strength will go from me. I shall become weak and be like any other man." And when Dela saw that he had told her all his heart, then she sent and called for the lord of the Philistines says, "Come up this month, for he has showed me all his heart." So the point he put all his heart on Dala. Then the lord of the Philistine came up unto her and brought money into hand and she made him sleep upon her knees and she called for a man. He caused him to shave off the seven locks of his head and she began to afflict him and his strength went from him. Let me say the main problem was definitely identified as the problem of the heart. He had been a Nazerite only by name. Samson has been a Nazerite only by name. I've been a Nazerite but actually you had he was not a Nazerite anymore. He has been drinking. He has been going with woman. He has been with dead people people. So he was not a Nazerite anymore. But it was just by name to be a Nazerite. But but but God was still checking where his heart is going to be. When his heart was really went away then he lost everything. Amen. Maybe Samson could think, you know, if I could get away, I think the main problem could be if I can get away with this, if I can get away with this, you can get get away with, God is still with me. That was our opening scripture. Oh, even the other times has delivered me, he can deliver me now as well. But Samson, your heart is not there anymore. Church of God. Oh, where is your heart? Where is your God? Renew our love for you. Our first love, Lord. Our first love for you. Our first love for the word of God. Our first love for the church. Our first love to be on fire for you, Lord. Renew our heart to you, Lord. We can be prospering. We can be like Samson and be, oh Lord. Maybe you are still with me. You are still with me. I still But God, oh Lord, stay with us. Amen. I don't want to be negative, but let me cry in our heart. Lord, I want my heart to be completely to you. I want my heart to be completely to you. I don't want even do to serve you just by by pushing or by pressure. No. Samson was maybe serving God just by pressure. Under pressure, he has to defend God. When he's being attacked, he has to defend God. But you have been born with a commission to serve God with all your heart, Samson. We will hold your heart without constraint. We will from your holy heart. Lord, make me a Christian from my heart. We thank God for Malachi for who came to change our heart to restore our heart. Amen. John 16:20 says, "And he said the Philistine be upon his son. He awoke asleep and said, I will go out as the other times before and shake myself and we know that the Lord was departed from him." He thought that maybe he thought that all the things he have been doing it was by his own strength because I will shake myself. I will do it again. No, you were not doing it by yourself. It was the Holy Spirit upon you. Samson, the church can never prevail by itself. It has to be the power of the Holy Ghost. Oh Lord, send your power in our heart. Is that a desire in your heart this evening as we look into this type of the scripture? Lord, give me your power. Lord give me your strength. Give me the real strength is through your power. Lord give me the real strength is through the sincerity. Give me your real strength is through prayer. In other message the prophet says yeah they shaved him. They removed his power. What was his power? It was the power of prayer. If you don't have the power of prayer, you you you might be deceived. You might be enticed. You might be defeated. But let me tell you, you have been ordained to defeat the enemy. Amen. You have been ordained to bind the mamba. Amen. The church has been ordained to bind the mamba. But what does it take to bind the mamba? It takes the sincerity. It takes the heart to be turned completely to God. Amen. The prophetic code says when God calls a man to do something, he just as well come to it or he'll be miserable the rest of his days. Amen. But let me finish with this. John 16:22. How be it the hair of his head began to grow again after he was shaven. Praise be to God that there is still hope. Amen. Praise be to God that we have been called to defeat the enemy. The prophet says in this church by the word says here is the only hope that have this morning is to w to wind up my message is this. While Samson was bound, a new shock of hair growled out. God sent out another church just before the end time that the power of the Holy Ghost can come unto her in the demonstration of the spirit. Mark 16 can follow the church. Acts 2:4, Acts 238, all of it will be following right along with the church. Signs and wonders accompany the apostles. Great signs of his res resurrection accompany them. While we are in prison, surely God is growing a crop somewhere. That's why I took my title. God is growing a crop somewhere for the last great kill. We are here for the last great kill. Maybe you, my Christian friend, here this morning, may it be your strength has begun to grow. I pray that this message this morning, preach this morning and out of this land you to where this will go. I tr that this message will bring the vitamins to your system that will grow a spiritual power back into your life again. Samson now his hair grew. Amen. As he was in prison, his hair grew. But do you notice that even though his hair grew, the strength was not there? It's quite amazing. Verse 28, 16 verse 28 says, "And Samson called unto the Lord when you know when they put him in front of all the lords of the Philistines, Samson called unto the Lord and said, Oh Lord God, remember me, I pray thee." And strengthen me, I pray thee only this once, oh God. So he had his God had to fulfill his word. God had to fulfill his word because the covenant was with the seven locks. if as long as you stay Nazarite, as long as you clean, as as long as as long you come back to me. But now, even though his hair grew, now God is waiting for him to change his attitude. Now realize, Lord, it's not my strength. It's not by myself. Now, Lord, I need you. I need you. Come and remember me. Amen. That's the church. You know, the bride is the is Samson being restored. Amen. The Samson had have the eyes that have been restored. When they killed him, when they took him and bound him, they remove his eyes. But thank God for the prophet who represent the eyes. So the bride is the he is is Samson being restored. Is Samson having the new locks. Amen. The new lock that comes out. But those new locks need to have a different attitude. Now it's God remember me. Amen. Give me more of your love, Lord. Give me, let my heart be turned to you completely. Lord, change me. Give me more sincerity. Make me more sincere. In order to bind this mamba, I need to be more sincere, Lord. That's the desire of your heart this evening. That's certainly the desire of my heart. Lord, make me more sincere as you have been restoring us to you. Amen. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Just give a little bit of time. Let's pray together as the musicians can come just prepare our heart for I thought I'll be small short but still I passed my time but it's okay I will get there one time. Amen. My heart used to get shorter and shorter but um I I was carried away. Forgive me for that. Amen. Lord send your power just now as prepare our heart. [Music] Lord Lord send your power just now. Oh Lord send the power just now. Oh Lord send the power just now. and baptize everyone. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. and baptize baptize everyone. [Music] There in the upper chamber there where all we want to go when the Holy Ghost descended as promised by our Lord. Oh my Lord. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize everyone. Verse three. In old time power was given to our fathers who were true. This is promise to be and we only have it to amen. Oh Lord send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize everyone. Oh, he cares for you. He cares for you. He car for you. He car for you through sunshine or shadows. [Music] He car for you. He car for you. He car for you through sunshine or shadows. He car for you. Let's stand together as we sing it. Our eyes closed. He car for you. [Music] He car for you through sunshine or shadows. He careth for you. We have heard as the music is playing softly. We message was maybe too long but just think of the the some point that God has emphasized this evening. He called you for a purpose. He called you to serve him. Serve him with all your heart. Called you to be an overcomer. And he ordained you to be an overcomer. We will be overcomers. But we desire Lord that our heart be completely tuned to him. Lord, fill our heart with more of your love. Love for you to love you, to love your word, to love my brother, to love my sister. Lord, help me to be more sincere. Help me, Lord. Even when I'm praying for the different needs that have been mentioned, help me to be more sincere. Father, for Father David, for brother Luke, we pray, Father, Lord, for brother Dan. We pray for Sister Mida. Pray, Father, for the upcoming services or for all those needs that you might have in your heart. Lord, make me more sincere. Help me, Lord, to be in the channel where you can use me for your glory, for your purpose, Father. Amen. As the music's playing, let us pray each and every one. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] How are you? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Change my hurdle. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. Change my heart. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the [Music] I am the c [Music] Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. [Music] Is that the desire of your heart? Amen. Amen. So just uh God is faithful and he has ordained us to be overcomers. No matter what the enemy will put in front of us, if we are sincere, if we are humble and claiming God's promises, we will kill more. Amen. When we are able, we are we are willing to die to our own pride like Samson came to that level. Lord, I'm willing to die to my own pride. He killed more than when he wanted to keep his own life, his own ego. That's where we want to be. God, I just want to be more like you and be humble and die to myself. Amen. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom. All is well. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom. All is one. [Music] There is a place of perfect grace behind the inner man. So rest little brother rest for is well. All is well no matter what. All is well. [Music] All is well. We have heard the message shall and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the hill of him. So rest little brother rest from his word. Amen. God bless. You are dismissed. For those who like to stay a little bit longer, the song leader can sing few songs. that you are dismissed. Feel free to be dismissed. [Music]
