################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 06 08 Moses Ndala The Chief Cornerstone in the Foundation - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 06 08 Moses Ndala The Chief Cornerstone in the Foundation
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GTJuUavyHE
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Once my soul was a stray from the heavenly way. And I'm in as could be, but my savior above gave me peace, joy, and love. when he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached way down for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son. When he reached way down me, I was nearing despair when he came to me there and he showed me that I could be free. Then he lifted my feet, gave me gloryy complete. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached down his hand for me. When he reached way down for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached way down for me. How my heart doth rejoice since I made him my choice. From the tempest to him, now I cling. Now I lean on his arms. I'm secure from a heart. Since I reach down his hand for me. Since he reach down his hand for me. Hy reach way down for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. Since my Lord gave me peace, heavenly joy never cease. Lord, I give all my life unto thee. You guide my feet, hold my hand. Grant with thee may I stand. Oh, he reached down his hand for me. When he reached When he reached down his hand for me, when he reached way down for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son when he reached down his hand for me. Amen. Welcome. God bless. [Music] Let me walk with you Jesus. So let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. with I could never no never make heaven my home. You found me when I was so lonely. You found me when I was so blue. You found me when no one could love me. When no one knew just what to do. So let me walk with you Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. With you, I could never. No, never make heaven my home. I've been in with Jesus. I've been in the valley so low, but never one time he's he failed me. to him. My trles are all go let stand. So let me walk with you Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. Oh, with you I could never no never make heaven my home. Amen. We went for a hike yesterday with the family and we went down through like a river valley and and My youngest daughter was just right beside me and if I walked like 10 feet in front of her, she was like, "Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait." And any we're crossing stones and the river and rocks and and she always needed to take my hand and just reminded me of the Lord. I don't know where I'd be if I couldn't grab the hand of my father and have him lead me and and pick me up if I fall or steady me if I'm slipping and Yeah. He paid a debt. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. He paid a debt on Calary. He cleansed my soul and he set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erased. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. One day, one day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Don't it be glory to see him on that day. I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. He paid a debt. He paid a debt at Calary. He cleansed my soul and he set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erased. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Amen. Amen. If I asked brother Benjamin if you could come up and open a word of prayer. There's there's no written request, but brother Peter's still in BC and he'll be traveling in a little while home. Brother Victor's traveling still, I believe. Just pray for mercies. We'll just sing that one more time. He paid a debt at Calvary. He paid a debt at Calary. He cleansed my soul and he set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins. Ray, I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Let us bow our heads and call upon the groom. Dear heavenly father, in the name of Lord Jesus, we are before your sight, eternal God and heavenly father. Thank you for this glorious moment you have given us Lord. All your people are here Lord. We came expecting Lord to meet with our bridegroom. Dear bridegroom, you can feel you can feel uh this ascension and emotions of your people of your bride. Your earthly bride is coming Lord is approaching you. Lovely dear heavenly father. accepted dear heavenly father your people the worship of this morning Lord adoration Lord we ask you to come Lord we request you dear heavenly father to be close to us Lord come nearer Lord come nearer dear heavenly father to my soul come nearer to the soul of my brother and my Sister, we need your presence in our midst. Lord, come. Dear heavenly father, we need to see the the the supernatural in our midst. Lord, we are so grateful Lord for what you have done for us during the the week. Dear heavenly father, we met dearly father different fights Lord. Oh dear father, but you have been in our camp Lord. You have de heavenly father given us victory uh uh in every stage and every step of our lives. Lord we are so happy and we are grateful dear heavenly father. Thank you Lord Jesus. Forgive our transgressions Lord. Forgive our uh up and down Lord. Forgive dear heavenly father our uh septic uh dear heavenly father uh our doubts lord forgive us dear heavenly father our sins and uh dear heavenly father all our iniquities lord we are coming before thee to be uh cleansed Lord in the blood of Jesus Christ here we are under that fountain Lord under that fountain and heavenly father where your blood is still washing away raising our our sins Lord our transgression Lord and our uh our unbelief dear heavenly father come this morning Lord uh be the the guest of honor in our midst dear heavenly father come dear heavenly father bless the service this morning. Bless you the song leader uh dear heavenly father you inspired him those songs dear heavenly father which will will attract the holy ghost in our midst dear heavenly father speak to us lord bless your your servant who will come dearly father and speak to the souls broken souls here dear heavenly father we need you lord Jesus come now Lord come to speak to us and devly father we are coming oh people uh who are desiring to see your people who are uh full of uh uh needs Lord spiritual needs and physical needs we need we are coming to the palace of our father and whoever comes goes to the palace Dear heavenly father, there is many gifts in the palace of the father and the hands of faith can take wherever we need the heavenly father. Oh, whoever is in need of our work, give him the heavenly father. Whoever is here needing the healing, the healing is here. Give him healing Lord of his physical h physical body dear heavenly father. And we dear dear heavenly father we are people who have many wound in our souls lord and our souls can only be healed by you dear heavenly father. And the word is there. The absolute will come and will talk to our souls, will talk to our spirits. Dear heavenly father, come in your way in the simple way to deliver those who are under the juke of uh the demon. Lord, come. Dear heavenly father, we need your presence in our mid east. Talk to me. Talk to my brother. talk to my sister this morning Lord and when we we step out from this area Lord we be different people than what how we came dear heavenly father we came expecting Lord and you will do wonders and miracle in our midst for your glory and your honor bless each and everyone and let's shower the rain of the Holy Ghost in our midst because we pray this and whoever came weak, feeble, let him go stronger and be very close to the glory of Lord Jesus because we pray this in the name the holy name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. As you find your seats just He shakes one another's hand. I just wanted to welcome brother Ola and sister do a we haven't seen them in a while. So welcome and anyone else who is visiting just welcome and feel you're welcome sing I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. I know he's coming. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back for me. [Applause] One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know he's coming back for me. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. I know he's coming back. And I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know he's coming back for me. Amen. We'll we'll sing that. I know it was the blood one more time, but uh in the meantime, if brother Moses start get ready. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. [Music] There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. Oh, I search around all over all over. I run around all over, all over. church around all over. All over. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. We run around. All over. All over. We search around. All over. All over. We turn around. All over. All over. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like us. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. Amen. There's no one that can save you like he can. There's no one that can forgive you like he can. There's no one that can break chains and remove weights. as brother Moses come. Let's sing Holy Spirit rain down [Music] 717. Holy Spirit, rain down. Rain down. Comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain. One more time. Holy Spirit rain down. Rain down comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down. Rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, rain down. Once again, Holy Spirit, rain down. Rain down. for comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down. Rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your Holy Spirit rain down. Can each one of us just talk to him softly? Lord, I desire to have an experience with you today. Father may the Holy Spirit come down Father that our invitation this morning Lord we desire the Holy Spirit will have the liberty among us Father this morning father may like the rain Lord we don't want father to give a certain portion our life where the spirit cannot fall but we want father holy spirit to fall freely in every part of our body father without any distinction let the holy spirit come and father wash us and cleanse us and sanctify us as the prayer was made. Father, we desire to be clean as we come to this fountain of grace, this fountain of mercy, this fountain of the love of God. Father, we desire, Lord, to have a closer walk with you, Father. Let the power of the Holy Spirit come down, Father. Lord, we desire to come from this place different from the way we came in. Father, we don't want just Father to come to clock in in the church, but Father, we desire to hear the word of truth that will speak to our heart, Father, so we can become better fathers, better mothers, better husbands, better better wives, better children, Father, better Christian, better neighbors, better father, Lord, church members, Lord, those who are ready for the rapture. Father, we desire, Lord, to be ready to get ourself ready. You have given us all the material for the church to be made ready father to cleanse ourel to prepare ourself father. May you come this morning as you will be visiting many churches in the country in the the continent. Father do not forget us. Do not Lord overpass us Father but we desire Lord that you come in Lord as it has been expressed. You are the guest of honor Lord. May you come find a place Lord near our chair. Find a place in our soul. May the Holy Spirit speak Father. May the Holy Spirit draw us closer to you. We have different needs, Father, but the the most important need is a closer walk with you, Father. Granted, this morning, Lord, you know our needs, Father. May you come and speak to our heart in a special way. Increase our faith, Father. We desire to see you. We desire to know you the way we have been known. As the word of God says, Father, we commit oursel to you. Bless each member this morning, each visitor, each person that came in. Father, let they receive their portion for the day, for the week, for a closer walk with you as we commit oursel to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you love the Lord this morning? It's good to be in the house with the Lord. Once again, I greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and uh and for all the visitors and many came also for the occasion for the graduation of Sister Shikina this afternoon. So we welcome you. We we we uh we we are so happy to have you among us. God bless you richly and um and it's good to be in the house of the Lord and the regulars and God bless you richly and for you to come here at a sacrifice every morning to wake up and sometimes in these western countries the only time you have free to rest is the weekend. See many shops, many diver entertainment places they they try to put it on the weekends because that only free time. But you make a sacrifice to show to the Lord that you love him and you give him two hours of your life on the weekend just to express your love to him. And as you know, God doesn't owe anybody anything. God will bless you for what you do. expression of love to him and may just welcome your presence this morning and each leak of fire is important for the church. Amen. God bless you. I would like to sing that song before we go to the word of God and a little bit because that's where I would like to go. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Giving out the old time religion. And you're in for me. It's the old time Holy Spirit. And the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. But it's good enough for me. Or give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give it old time religion and it's good enough for me. It'll make you stop your life. It'll save you when you're dying. It will start the devil flying. And it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion and his good enough for me. It's so good I want no other. For it makes me love my brother and it brings things from undercover. is good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. And it's good enough for me. [Music] Love everybody makes me love. Everybody makes me love everybody. It's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. And it's good enough for me. It's the old sheep of Zion. It's the old ship of Zion. It's the old sheep of Zion. It's good enough for me. Oh, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. Is it good enough for you? Amen. Amen. That's what we desire. Old time religion. Amen. I I I would you please stand up and just read the word of God and go to the word of God. Thank you, brother Andrew, brother Caleb and Sister Wendy. God bless you richly. What will we do without a song service to help us to wake up to prepare our ground for the word of God to come? So we thank God for the song service. I invite you to go to Ephesians chapter 4 has been mentioned brother of Peter still traveling and and different ones and thank you for those who have uh told me that they won't make it for this Sunday morning bit busy on different things or maybe work something else but appreciate that God bless you richly wherever they are just pray for them as well God bless and um those couldn't make it. Amen. Ephesians 4 11 says God he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for what purpose? For the perfecting of the saints. So the ministry has one purpose is the perfecting of the saints for those who have been sanctified but they need to come to perfection and continues for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ that we henceforth be no more children tossed to and fro and carried about with every wind of doctrine but the slight of man of man and cunning craftiness whereby they lie in weight to deceive but speaking the truth in love may grow up into him in all things which is the head even Christ we just bow our head once Once again, Father Lord, we thank you for making us able to read the word, the letters of this book. Father Lord, as we thank you for the message of the hour doesn't come, Father, he came to give us, Father, the revelation behind the scripture. Father, we pray that this morning that the same Holy Spirit will come, the one who wrote the word of God will come to give us the context behind the letters that have been written. prepare our heart father to receive what you have in store as father going in this in this path maybe for a longer longer teaching but father we pray that that holy spirit will lead us in every step father we commit oursel to you in Jesus Christ name bless your people and once again lord we trust in you for our needs in Jesus Christ's name amen can have your seat amen I give him give it a thought this morning um as a starting I would like to I'm thinking to go in a path maybe go as a as a teaching for for I don't know for how long it will take but um go every step maybe to go I'll show I'll show what the desire was the prophet and I just went in that same vein and when I read the prophet and I just thought that it was also good to go in that vein so um the the pro or the desire of God or the desire of God is as writing to the Ephesians day we don't he doesn't want us to remain children he wants us to be grown up I think brother um Gilbert has in leading us a little bit in that path in the adoption and u and we thank God and we'll be preaching next Sunday as well and might add more on that but I would likely be to go and as the pro as the Bible says and the prophet will say it again Bible says till we all come in the unity of the faith and the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man perfect man does not mean a man without mistakes or sinless person or spotless person. It's a person doesn't doesn't stumble here and there. But perfect man means a complete man means a man who's mature. Man who knows where he's standing. A man who's a who's stable. A man who's established man or woman established know position know where he's standing. Amen. Now unto the measure of the statue of the fullness of Christ. The statue of the fullness of Christ. And that what the prophet will preach a message the statue of the perfect man. And that's what I would like to go a little bit deeper on that and says we ask forth no more children tossed to and fro. You know we can be a child of God. We can be born again. We can even be in the message. But um we are not we are not we are not spared from different doctrines that can come here and different things, different ideas. sometimes our own ideas and other people's ideas and we be shaken if we are not completely stable. So it would be good to go a little bit on on some of the simple things that we know but we just reestablish them and just reaffirm them again. Amen. How many were blessed when brother Toby was here and then he spoke to us about the prophet and something we all believe but just to go back to the the we can call it the element of the basis or the foundation but just stir your heart a little bit more oh actually that's where I started and it's still alive today and as the church as many people at different stages different places the mature one can be more um can be more tolerant to accept to go to the basics to help all the church go. We don't want just few. We don't want just the the senior pastor to go in the rapture or or the deacon to go in the rapture or the pastor to go in the rapture and the rest to stay. No, that's not what we want. We want all of us to go in the rapture. So the little ones and those who are in middle age and those who are grown up, all of us we desire to go in the rapture. So that so just bear with me. I will be going a little bit in some element things but I think it's important to go back to that as well. Amen. So that's why took a little bit of time to put that introduction. So second Peter's one where the prophet took that thought. Second Peter 1 as you are sitting says according as his divine power has given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that had called us to glory and virtue. last time we talk about the glory of God. So that's where we have been called to to come to glory and virtue whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature. So God has given us promises in his word so that we can become partakers of his divine nature. Born in this flesh, born from our mothers and fathers, we have this fleshly nature. we have we can they can put you in a spot they can put you in a in an isolated island and you grow and from there there's no contact with another person but I can guarantee you as you come at you come at the age of mature you you you automatically you will learn how to lie you automatically you will learn different things automatically you will know how how to be mean to others and no one will teach you that it will come from the inside because this flesh has been born in sin shaped iniquities it's bound to death No, it needs a change. Needs it needs a transformation. But God has given us promises so that we can become partakers of his divine nature. The same nature of God, it can be transmitted to a human being. And we all have the same nature as God himself. Think about it. And having, and the Bible continues, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust, beside this, giving all diligence. Giving all diligence. So there is one part of the there's one part you can see the word of God as two component place. There is a place where God is doing the work and it is still God doing the work. We didn't choose ourself. God who chose us. Amen. We didn't um we didn't we can't perfect yourself. God has to perfect you. But it needs sometimes a collaboration with God. Sometimes God requires also a feedback. Amen. He wants to see a feedback from his child. He wants his feedback from his son or his daughter so that you can mature and become and and come actually to your position. Adoption is actually you are a son. I mean God doesn't deny that you are a daughter. God does not deny that. But to come to the adoption is when the son recognizes that I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. But also want to act diligently in everything that God has given me and become responsible and become accountable for what God has given me. So you share the same responsibility as God of what the the same the same burden as God has. Amen. The burden God has for his kingdom. The burden that God has for his for his children. A son or daughter of God who shares the same burden who take that burdens upon him. God put him in that position of adoption. God will adopt him. Amen. Otherwise he's just as a servant. He's doing things but his heart is not there. He doesn't really care. He's just doing his job to be paid. But there a real son of God is the one who cares with the has the same burden whether I get a earthly reward or not but I still do it from the love of my father because I have that burden in my heart. Amen. It says so add with all diligence giving alligence add your faith virtue and to virtue knowledge and to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience and to patience godliness. So that's where all those virtues come from. says, "And to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity, and if these things be in you, not only be in you, but if these things abound in you, they make you that you shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ." So our desire is God, make those virtue abound in our life. Make them real. Make them become more pre predominant in our lives. We don't just want a portion of the just a portion of faith and then we touch a bit of faith on Wednesday. We don't just a small portion of faith or limit myself to the place where I say you know I'm a Christian is that all I I gave my life to Christ and that's all I I limit myself there no you need more faith God give me more faith give me more revelation give me more of yourself more God give me more virtue give me more of your power Lord is there anything hindering the power of God to work in my life Lord take it away I desire more of you Lord I want to I want to stay in the word of God I want to know you more I want No, no. I I I want to to increase my knowledge of the word of God. So a Christian has have to have that desire. A mature Christian has to have that burden in his heart. Amen. So they they make that sh but he that lack ofth these things is blind. They cannot see a far off and have forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore the rather brethren give diligence to make your calling and election sure. Your calling is not yourself calling is not is not yourself who can elect yourself but it's God who has to call you is God who has elected you but you have to make that calling an election sure. Amen. You have also a part where you have to do God help me to do my part. And if you do these things you shall never fall. Amen. Are you with me this evening and this morning? Amen. Amen. So that statue of a perfect man is actually a building is actually a house and God desire to have a house and God has a desire his desire is to have a tabernacle his desire to have a place where he can live in. So if you become a Christian is not just to become a Christian is not just to be different from other religion. A Christian is a one who has to receive the Holy Ghost so that Christ can come and dwell inside of him and have the full preminence inside of him. Amen. The prophet says in the statue of the perfect man, this is the house that God God dwells in. Not a building with a big bell on top of it or a high stipple. See, but a body has thou prepared me. A body that God can dwell in, God can walk in, God can see in, God can talk in, God can work in. You have the Holy Spirit is because you you have God want to work through you. Amen. He want to see through you. He want to talk through you. He want you want he want to be that vessel that he can use to express himself. Living instrumentality of God. God walking in two feet in you. Prophet says, "Glory, the footstep of the righteous is ordered of God. God walking in you. For you are written epistles, read of all men. And if the life that's in Christ is be in you, you will bear the life that Christ bore." Amen. So it's not putting on things, but it's expressing the life of Jesus Christ. The Holy Spirit is there to put you in service. The Holy Spirit is not there only only for for you to be saved which is as a part of it but more than that is for you to be used for the kingdom glor for the glory of God and for his kingdom. 1 Peter 2 says 1 Peter 2:4 says to whom coming as unto a living stone that is allowed indeed of man but chosen of God and precious ye also as living stones are built up a spiritual house and holy priesthood to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. Wherefore also it is contained the scripture, behold I lay in Zion a chief cornerstone, elect precious, and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded. So my subject this morning as a subject of them this morning is your chief cornerstone in the foundation of the house of God. Amen. The chief cornerstone in the foundation of the house of God. Amen. Says I lay in Zion and Seion Zion is actually the bride say I lay in Zion a chief cornerstone that cornerstone is elect and it's precious and he that believe on him shall not be confounded. So that stone is a person. So we have to believe in that stone. Says unto you therefore which believe is precious. But unto them which be disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner and a stone of stumbling and a rock of offense, even to them which stumble at the word being disobedient. where unto also they were appointed. But you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood and holy nation, a peculiar people. Think about it. In God's mind, you are a chosen generation. You are a royal priesthood. You are a holy nation. You are a peculiar people. Amen. You know that God has created you for a purpose for you to be a son and daughter of God. You didn't become a son of God today. They didn't become even a son of God on day you gave your heart to the law. You are a son of God before the foundation of the world. He already thought of you. You were the thinking of you and he want you to recognize how he were thinking of you. Amen. That's what is the son of God. That's what the message comes us to tell us. The message comes to tell us who we were so that we can live as God wants us to live. Amen. The message is not coming to transform us from a pig to become a lamb or to become a sheep. But is coming to express that you are a sheep, you are a lamb. You are not a chicken, you are an eagle. Amen. You have to live like an eagle. You are the son and daughter of the king. Amen. So you have to behave like a son and daughter of a king. That's what God is saying. You are a chosen generation. You are a holy priesthood. You are a holy nation. Peculiar people. I have chosen you and I want you to come where I want you to come. But you have to have a solid foundation. You have to have what I have in store for you. Amen. But you should show for off the praises of him. But you show for off the praises of him which had called you out of darkness into this marvelous light which in time past was were not a people but but but in time past were not a people but are now the people of God. which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy. Dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrim, abstain from fleshly lust, which war against the soul. Because the real you is the soul. Amen. The real you is not the flesh. The real you is not even sometimes our mind. The real you is the flesh. Amen. The real you is inside of you, the inner man, the soul. Amen. That the portion of God. And that soul has the same nature as God is. The nature of the soul for a believer is God himself. Amen. It's not something different. Amen. Praise be to God. So exactly God has a desire to have a dwelling place, a place where he want to live. And he desire you to become you and I to become his vessels. He have created us so that we can become the sons and daughters of God. That's why God condescending to the creation. And he came to to to our level to pick us from our level to bring us to his level. Amen. Now that he wants to be woripped, the word of God means object of worship. The prophet says in the statue of a perfect man, it's God trying to condition his people so he can get from he can get from them what he created them for. Amen. So that's why you receive the word of God. That's why you receive the message of the hour. It's God trying to condition you so that you can so that he can get from you and me what he created us for. And it says he never made you to be something else beside a son and daughter of God. Amen. He never made you to become something else than the son and daughter of God. I love that. Amen. He never made created He never created me to become something else. I have been created to become a son and daughter of God. Statue of a perfect man. If you have missed that of being a son and daughter of God, you have missed the mark. So sin for a believer, for a son and a daughter of God to have been forain before the foundation of the world. Sin for you is when you miss to express that you're a son and daughter of God. Sin is not only what we do like cheating and all the different things or lying on different things or lust or different things. Those are just attribute of sins. Those are the things that are being expressed because of unbelief sometimes. But I would say even for the unbelievers those the the unbelievers is the one who doesn't believe the word of God. So he's is a he's an unbeliever to begin with. He's a sinner to begin with. But for a son and daughter of God is different. for a son of God of God. God say you know you have sinned because you have missed the target. You have missed to express that you are a son of God. You have missed to express that you're a daughter of God. You have missed to express what I wanted you to be. Amen. If God ask if you look into the word of God you actually is not the word is not there to condemn you. The word is there to realize oh God I've been missing this all the time. Now I realize oh actually I need to come to church. Amen. When you come to church, how I realize, oh, now I need to respect my I need to I need to love my wife. Oh, now I need to love my wife. You should love her. Actually, now I need to respect my husband. Oh, the word of God say I need to respect my husband. Oh. Oh, now I do it. Amen. It's it's not it's not a law. It's not is No, you realize Oh, that that's what I'm called to be. I'm a son and daughter of a girl. He's not he's not pushing me. He's realizing what I am. Amen. Are you with me? this evening. So if you miss that then you miss the target and say oh God you have sinned. Look God forgive me. Forgive me for my mistakes because I miss to to I miss to express who you are. I mean miss to express that I'm a temple of God. I mean to express that I want to be a vessel that God want to use me for. Amen. So God put here to be a Christians. If you're off one side come back and get tuned up. And there is only one thing that can tune you up. That's the scripture. The Holy Spirit in the scripture tunes you, brings you directly into the target again. We thank God for the message of the hour. We thank God for the Bible. We thank God that we can we can be tuned back again. If you miss the target, let me ask let me encourage you this morning. The word of God is here to to to help you to target again to to tune again so that you can you can't miss the target again. It brings you to the correction. You come to the house of God to be corrected. God help me to become a better Christians. Help me to help me to serve you faithfully. Help me to love you more. The word of God corrects you. Amen. The prayer sometimes you are in prayer and you're in prayer and you you go and sometimes you do it you go in prayer but as you go into prayer you realize God is speaking back to you. Amen. He's helping you to be tuned back to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. says now how that the God in his church the church is not supposed to be taking or the church is now supposed to be taking the place of Christ carrying on his ministry. He that believe on me the works that I do shall he do also yet a little while and the world see me no more yet you shall see me for I will be with you even you to the hand of the world there it is carrying on his work. So that what the church has to do is the church is supposed to take the place of Christ carrying his ministry. If Christ healed the sick, the church is healing the sick. Amen. If Christ was casting out demons, the church is casting out demons. If Christ was living a sanctified life, a a church is living a sanctified life. If Christ was raptured, the church will be raptured. Amen. Why? We are carrying on his work. Christ is using now vessels to express himself. It was God in the father, God in the son, but now God is in the church. Amen. And the church has to recognize that I need to yield myself to him. So God can use me. God has no other eyes that your eyes. God has no other mouth than your mouth. God has no other body but your body. Amen. And my body. Amen. In order to do that, he has to sanctify the vessel. He has to cleanse the vessel. Christians like these are my notes and say so Christians we all do like justification I do as well but one important part of the grace of the work of the grace of God is also sanctification the Lord sanctified me by the blood of the lord by the blood of the lamb but also sanctified me with the holy ghost so as you see as we see in this pyramid script uh structure here the proph Prophet as we look go into that says you have to go from the bottom to the top. You have to start from faith. Says you have to start from faith. You have to start from the foundation. Sometimes we want to start from the top right. We want to start from here. We want speaking tongues. We want the gift of the Holy Spirit. We want the different things. Says no, you have to start from here. You need to have a solid foundation. Amen. Make sure that your foundation is very solid. Amen. God help me that my foundation becomes very solid. Sometimes we rushed up too much to the top there. Oh, I want I I I want the money. I want to do this. I want the ministry or I want the gift of this. I want this. Those things are very good. But God, make my foundation becomes so solid. Make my my foundation becomes so established that nothing can move me, nothing can move you. And the start of the foundation, I will say it start even in Acts 2 38. When they heard this, you know the scripture very well, but I'll read it. Therefore, let all the house of Israel know assuredly that God had made the same Jesus whom he had crucified both Lord and Christ. That's why we baptize in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ because Jesus has been made Lord and Christ. Amen. So now when they heard this, they were prickled in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" Then Peter said unto them, "Repent." Many times we don't want to repent. We don't want to change. That's right. Repentance is a change. Repentance is a change of directions. It's a change of recognize I was wrong. And sometimes when are wrong is just to say Lord the way I have been thinking about the word of God was wrong. The way I was a conception of the duty of God was wrong. The way I had the conception of the original sin was wrong. The way I had the conception of what is a what is a church I was wrong. The way I had the conception of the new birth was wrong. Sometimes it goes even beyond saying I'm doing the wrong things and then now and I'm doing the I'm doing the good things. We have many children who are born in good houses. They have they didn't go in the world. They didn't go and but do bad things but they just be there and then doing their own work and different things. But at some point they need to have that change of mind. So God says word is is real. You know the message or the word of God is actually a reality. Christ is not a Christ of history. I can have a personal walk with God. I can talk to God. I can pray. I can dedicate my life. Lord, the change that this this is not the religion of the father only. Is not the religion of the mother only. It's actually a reality. God, I can have a personal walk with you. I can have a walk, a closer walk with you. I can love you more. I can be actually more in I can dedicate myself more. Something has to change. We need a work of repentance. Amen. Maybe we have made so many mistakes. Sometimes we have baptized people because they just say, "I'm baptized." Been born in a message and say, "Okay, baptize. I'll baptize you. I baptize." But did you go through the process of repentance? Did you go to the process? God, I recognize now that actually you want a closer walk with me. Did I go through the process, Lord, now I am determined to follow you. I am determined to serve you. I am determined whether is my father doesn't follow it anymore whether my my my my mother doesn't follow I am determined I make myself a decision to follow you sometimes we have followed our husband we have followed our wives or no no then we follow him just come then then oh one time I want to be baptized then we get baptized yeah but did you really repent Lord I I I recognize this and I I want is I I want to become what the word of God says, "I don't want just to become a a a stamp of a Christian. I want the reality of a Christian. I want I want to dedicate my life. I want to follow you. Lord, I repent for my way of thinking. Now I accept your way of thinking. Show me more as I it's not it's not an easy walk, but I want to walk with you every step. Show me the way. Let me walk with you, Lord. I want my foundation to be solid, Lord. I want to repent." Amen. The zeal that God wants is actually a zeal of repentance. It's not even the zeal of of other things, but is a zeal of repentance. Make me ready to repent. When I'm wrong, change me. When I'm wrong, correct me, Lord. I don't want to be right on my own eyes, but you, Lord, speak to me. And I want this in this work to be obedient to your word. Make me humble, Lord. Amen. Lord, you start with the real good things. Amen. I'll guarantee you God will bless you. God will bless you. God will continue adding more and more, more and more, more and more. Amen. Amen. Repentance is very very important. I would say actually repentance is not a one step. It's not the one. You continue repenting all the time. The word of God is unveiling you repent. As the word of God is unveiling, oh God, I was wrong. I repent. Lord, oh I used to think that you know know sometimes we have that idea sometimes you you look in the news or oh this person killed the other person killed the other person and the first one oh he's going to be charged and he's going to be killed we're going to put in the court and how do you say criminal how do you say the final punishment or the the judgment and the the capital punishment the capital punishment and then you feel like in your heart oh he deserves it no he doesn't deserve capital punishment Amen. The word of God comes to cleanse our minds. Oh, I used to think that he deserves it. No, he does not deserve no matter what he has done. You know, we can still give him a grace of know. Oh, no one can take someone's life. What can change that mind? Is the word of God the change? Oh my god, change me. Change me. If I'm just taking those example, but that so many things in the word of God, if we have the right attitude will be coming, Lord, I want to be changed. I want to be corrected. I want to be Lord. Amen. Say repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ. In the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins. It's not baptized in the name of the father, sons and holy ghost. We all know the things but in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Because there is only think about if we do any other things we say but we have to do any other things in the name of Jesus Christ. You pray in the name of Jesus Christ and you pray faithful in the name of Jesus Christ and you bless the other children in the name of Jesus Christ. They bless your marriage in the name of Jesus Christ. Why would you refuse that the baptized not to be in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? The baptism there is only one real baptism. It's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. any other baptism is not a correct baptism. Amen. Paul had to correct people who were baptized under under the ministry of John the Baptist, the same one who baptized the Lord Jesus Christ. But when Paul came says, "No, that was that was a baptism unto repentance. But now this is the real baptism. If you want to receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, you need to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." Amen. Amen. And then from that you start building. Like any building you need a solid foundation. The higher you want to go actually the deeper you want to deep. Lord I want a I want a higher I want to go in a great mountains. I want manifestations. I want the third pool. I want I want all things. I want I want to be able to create the squirrels. I want all the different things, Lord. But God is saying, but what is your foundation there? Why you struggling still on the ABCs? That's right. Why you still have this? Why still struggle struggling with the television? We are still struggling with women cutting their hair. We are still struggling with you to dress. You're still struggling with makeup. You're still struggling with gossiping. We are still struggling with, "Oh, no. Oh yeah, I don't feel like going to church. It's snowing. It's so hot. Oh, my kids. Oh, I'm I'm busy. I'm a work. Oh, but I want the third pool when the time will come when the mystery will be revealed. I will be able to speak the word. But where is your foundation? Lord, help me a foundation to be so strong. Lord, where am I Lord? my faith and those little things that the ABCs I can't even write any question of algebra if I don't know the alphabet God bring me to always believe the word always believe Christ help me to go to the basics and make sure that I know my alphabet I know I I know the basic things that so that I founded Lord I don't even want to be struggling with them I want them to become automatic I want I want them to be there someone says something wrong I just say I forgive you Lord. Help me my my my foundation to be real Lord. Help my revelation to be strong. That's why you are building the church. The church has to grow but I let my foundation to be great. Amen. Matthew 7 Jesus says therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine and doeth not only hear them but who does not do it. I will liken him unto a wise man which built his house upon a rock. The rain descended, and the flood came, and the winds blew, and beat up that house, and it fell not, for it was founded upon a rock. And everyone that hear these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which build his house upon the sand. And the rain descended and the flood came and the wind blew and beat upon the house and it fell and grew and great was the fall of it. The height for both builders, it's a simple parable that we all know. The height of their house that they built, maybe the one who built on the sand was even higher than the one that built on ponder rock. And people are looking. Oh wow. What a beautiful house. My my my Oh wow. Okay. And the other one is struggling with his tiny house there. But the problem was not the hide. When the wind will come is not even the problem is not the height. Both of them will go through the same experiences. Both of them will go through the same pains. The rain will come on both houses. The same thing. Sometimes both people lose their job. Sometimes both people some of them get sick. Sometimes the different things happen. Sometime they criticize some one mom in the church criticize both of them. All the the same scenarios, the same things. But the one that everybody looking ah one was saying so great amen in the church. They say oh what happened to that person? And to the other one who sometimes quiet in the church does not say anything but oh Lord I hear what the preacher said forgive me Lord help me or help me Lord I be desire to become a Christian and the other one was oh yeah glory to God hallelujah amen the Holy Spirit come amen oh third good amen few days ago they don't see that person anymore he's here oh changing churches yeah Hey, what's going on? Foundation. Foundation was not right. Is that correct? Those have been the message. They have seen that many times. Papa, we have seen that many times. Many many times. Sometimes stays there for 10 years and been 12 years been there. Oh, I've seen that. good people value them. I cherish them everything when a problem comes. Oh, I was back on home in Congo. I saw that. Oh, I saw I saw my deacon almost fighting. Oh, my deacon. So Lord, help me Lord. And I had to make a decision myself. So one church going this one all the the the the older pastor and associate pastor one go this way while the other one one was for the deacon one the deacon was for the older pastor hey and I'm there young person Lord what's going on Lord speak to me I realized the message was true people I make mistakes but the word of God was the truth said I will never leave the message because this This is a personal revelation to me. Amen. Amen. Personal revelation to you. The prophet says changing a little bit the gear a little bit here says and the way of expecting the statue of perfect man. Paragraph 3:40 said the way God is expecting us an individual to grow is the way the way he has brought his church in to grow. Every church age becomes one big church. So if he oh God how did how can I grow come to the perfect love of God. The capstone there says you see how God was building his church you know Ephesus Mina Pamus Sadis Philadelphia that's the same way God is building individuals so if you see and that's what our desire when I got this quote just go thank you God for confirming what I had in my heart because we want to study what the God how how how God was building his church then we'll understand how God can build us. And if we understand how God build us, we understand how God builds the church because both are related. You can't separate them. You'll see the fight that the church was going through, the fight, the opposition that went through, the spirit that was fighting in the church, all the different. It's not only history is that what we go through, the same struggles we go through, the same battles we go through, the same fight we go through. But God, I don't want to stand only at Ephesus. I want to go all the way. Amen. To learn this year, even to the bright age, Lord. I want to grow. I don't want to stop only at the at the foundation. I want my foundation to be solid, but I want to grow all the way to come to the capstone, Lord. Amen. Amen. So, we came out of denominations as individuals as it will go in the dark ages. But let me tell you, denominations did not come from our mind. Sometimes sometimes denomination stays in our mind. Sometimes stays in there still have the same tradition from denominations. Oh, I came up from the the denomination but I'm still have the same traditional denominations. I still have options of denominations. I still have concept of denominations but Lord help me to move all the things of denominations. I have to move all the you know I was a Catholic when I was a young person. So the damn emphasis you know you have to do and so you are your works creates your salvation. And sometimes I struggle that with too even though being in the message and I remember what my mother was there. I remember what my father oh oh Lord help me Lord help me to get out to understand that no I'm a son of God. I can make mistakes but Lord I want to go higher Lord. You know the desire of my heart. You know why I want to stand Lord because it is spirit. Amen. Get me out of those things. The statue of perfume at 3:45 says what I mean see how these virtues these building materials type in with the church messengers with the church edges now one of these days we are going to take each one of these words and study them out and show that it proves it I want to study each word of them and each messenger and each message and to study it and to find out what it is because God want to build his church. He want to build you as he's building his church. How did God build his church? How God build his church? No, no, my subject is chief cornerstone in the foundation. How did God build his church? God built his church upon faith, upon revelation. Amen. As he told Peter in Matthew 16, Jesus answered and said unto Peter, "Blessed art thou Simon by Joonah, for flesh and blood had not revealed unto thee, but my father which is in heaven, for I have also I I say also unto thee, thou art Peter, but upon this rock I will build my church." God will build his church upon the revelation. God will build his church upon faith. Amen. We outside of faith, God cannot build the church. So God had to build the church upon revelation of who Jesus Christ is. And you if you want to grow up in God, if you want to start a relationship with God, if you want to be a building of God, you have to start by a personal revelation to you of who Jesus Christ is, who the word of God is. Amen. What importance, how important is the word of God to you? Amen. How important is how in which scale on which scale can you put the word of God? Where you put the word of God that's where you are going to stop. You can never go beyond the value of what you put the word of God in your life. If you cherish that's where you'll go. Amen. Amen. Sorry for sometime to take to stir you a little bit this evening but I want that to become a reality Lord. Amen. Amen. Because upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. The enemy will fight against your revelation. The enemy will be always against that revelation. But God has given a promise that if you have that revelation, the gates of hell can never prevail against that revelation. Amen. Amen. Even said to Peter, I will give you that unto thee the keys of the kingdom, and whatsoever shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever that shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. The same authority is given to the believer today. Amen. But it has to start by revelation. We touch you on Wednesday. You can never overemphasize the importance of revelation to a believer. Amen. To the unbeliever, there is not even a place to start. to the believer, the one who believes, continue to express to him that your revelation is your victory. Your faith is your victory. That what will give you authority over the devil. It's your revelation is your faith. You keep testifying, God, you have saved me. God, you will you will clean me. God, you will walk with me. God, you will bring me to a higher position. Keep believing in the word of God. How you study as revelation, that's what will be that how you can grow in with God. Amen. Paul said in 1 Corinthians 3 10:11, "According to the grace of God, which is given unto me as a wise master builder, I have laid the foundation another build of their own. But let every man take heed how he builds there upon. For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." Amen. The only foundation is Jesus Christ. He laid the foundation. Paul laid the foundation. He says now whoever comes and build upon that foundation he has to make sure how he's building upon that foundation. Don't remove the foundation. Don't take away the foundation because Paul himself could not deny the foundation he has built. He said if even me or any other person even an angel comes from from heaven and comes and try to deny what I've put as foundation let him be a cursed let him be an attempt let me be let him be cursed because I cannot change what God has given me by revelation no one can change what God has given the church by revelation no one should come and change and say Paul saying or Paul's scriptures was only a mind of a man or is he a counselor that was for his time home. Uh it was revelation of God. Amen. No one can change it. Amen. That's right. Aren't you thankful that the William Brham came and brought us back to what Paul had preached. Amen. Because say I've preached exactly as Paul has preached and the saints over there says, "Oh, that's where we are relying on because you preach like Paul preached and if a Christian is time of Paul made it, we will make it as well because we didn't come away from the word of God. We take the whole word of God. Paul preached the baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. We believe in the baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Paul and and Peter preached again the woman women preachers. We preach against the woman preachers. A man is not being against woman. It's just the word of God. How? Oh, but she's so gifted. Oh, and what? Amen. Paul preached against women cutting the hair. We preached against it. Paul preached for men to love their wives. We love our wives. We have to preach it to love our wife, to cherish them, to to make them feel to enable them to become like Esther. You know Esther, we talk too much about Esther, but the king had to enable her. So, I have to enable you. to the poor my position. Amen. Husband sometimes we don't enable our wives to come to the position. We just want to be the one having authority or have no know you are there. You are you are second class and different things. That's not the message. You come to bring her to come to her position. She will make decisions and she consult you. But you respect her. You love her. Amen. Families value masterpiece families. That's what the message comes to bring us and that's what I cherish you know as you know me I cherish oh lord help me to make me a good husband you know make me a good husband that you know what my wife can look and say you know what God you gave me a good husband that's my desire you know she's like like herself look out Sometimes he's stubborn and different, but he's a good man. That that's my desire. I'm honest with you. Lord, help me. I have mistakes and help me to become that that good husband. She can say, "Lord, thank you for that good husband, but I need to enable her." Paul preached against women authority of of husbands. So there are two balances. Respect your husband. We preach the same thing. Amen. Is it okay? He preached the resurrection. He preached the rapture. That's why we preach. He didn't obtain to it, but he preached it hoping that he will get to there. But now it's our time to preach it. Maybe to emphasize more on it because right we are right there. We are right at the door of the rapture. We are right at the door of the resurrection. It's our time. It's our promise. So we emphasiz on it. But Paul preached it already there. They without us, they without us cannot come to that perfection cannot come to that rapture. But he still mentioned it. Still preached it. Amen. That's why we can return to it. Oh, I preached like Paul preached. Amen. But I have a great revelation. Even Paul didn't even know. And others they didn't know that were they were part the messenger of the Ephesus. Arenas didn't know that he was the messenger of Simeina. That's right. and the other one they didn't know that a messenger of that time only one knew that he was a messenger of his own age and he's telling the bride I'm the me he didn't maybe express it over I don't see in French but openly I'm the messenger of Leodia but as he's giving the type as he's giving the scriptures the bride identifies as oh that's the messenger that's my messenger God has given me a messenger and as you receive a prophet and the quality of a prophet you will have the benefit and the reward of a prophet Amen. Now in that foundation of faith as we have talked a bit in the foundation of faith you must find the corn the chief cornerstone Christ. Ephesians 2:19 says, "Now therefore, you are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints and of the household of God, and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophet, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone." So we have been founded on the foundation of apostles and prophet. That's why we preach. That's why we love the mercy. We love the word of God. We preach upon that foundation. We can't get away from that foundation. In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto a holy temple in the Lord. In whom he also build it together for inhabitation of God through the spirit. Amen. We need to find in that foundation here faith. We need to put a cornerstone. I will give it maybe here this cornerstone. We need need make sure that you have that cornerstone because you can have the whole faith. You can have the whole faith even moving mountains even making me having great faith to to operate miracles which will get great things but without that chief cornerstone you have missed the point. Search of the perfect man 139. But so many of us try to do the works of Christ before the reflection of Christ is in us. Now that there is the trouble. We find those things happening. You know it and I know it. We see these stumbles along the road. We find this this crap heap of ministers of Christians piled along the road is because they didn't go into it right. That's right. They didn't go it the right way. Maybe they studied well. Maybe they were very zealous. Maybe they did different things. But they didn't put the chief cornerstone. Amen. They rejected that cornerstone. Oh, no. No. That is for the old time a little bit like in the time of Solomon. So no, we are building this, we are building this house, but we don't want to take the cornerstone. We don't want to take the chief cornerstone. Maybe I'll be closing that. It's a small thought this morning, but just want you to think about it. Lord, help me that my foundation is solid. Help me that I have the real revelation. But also on top of that, Lord, I want to make sure that the cornerstone is there. Be reading me long reading here. Bear with me. Now notice in the dedication in the building down there, the next chapter that in this building there was one stone that was actually too old to look to fool with. So the builders rejected it. They just pitched it over into the corner and say that stone is actually too old to be used. There's no such a place. Remember it was the builders who should have known different. Jesus spoke of it. But come to find out they had built a building so high but they missed that stone and they didn't know where that stone was. They might have searched all the ship. They might have run through every oxcart. They might have sent messenger up into Jopa and down and says there's another lord coming. Did you lose one of the road? There's something wrong. We just can't find that stone for this place. And and when they could not find it nowhere else come to find out it was right on the ground. It was the chief cornerstone that the builder rejected. Jesus spoke of it and said, "Have not read of the stone that the builders rejected was the chief cornerstone, the head of it all where the rest of the building rested upon it. And I think in the building today of the spiritual house that God worships in, and he's talking now to you and me says, I think that's been a great big failure today among the builders. We have come with our denominations. We have led them in sincerity. We have sent our boys to school, educate them to speak well before a congregation, learned them psychology and Bible history. And we have did everything and build fine pews and made high towering stables and beautiful music and so forth. Have we built but we find out there is something wrong. We have tried to build out our man-made material. What education could produce? What seminaries could bring out of them? What scholarship we try to build that upon education, upon scholarship, upon denomination, but all these things will not work as long as we have not accepted this old stone, this peculiar stone. So what is that stone? They built all the way then but they can't they can't realize what that stone is. They come here to the cap here. But where is that stone? We have built everything. They've built everything. They come here, they can't get that. because they're stuck here. This one cannot come unless this the whole thing is complete. But I'm missing this one. But before this all this one comes, this one has to be completed because this one in a real triangle, this one is the same size as this one. This one is actually the same as this one. If you miss this one, you'll miss that one, too. Because the same thing. It's the same size. is the same everything. But as the building begin to materialize, they realize that the hole that was left, that old stone fit in to the dot, that's where the the spiritual builders today. That's why the bride building of Christ is not ready for the bridegroom. is because that the builders have rejected the chief cornerstone that was laid on the day of Pentecost which is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. That chief cornerstone was the baptism of the Holy Spirit. That chief cornerstone is a new birth. Amen. That people have put aside. Oh, I just want to be a religious. Oh, I come to church, you know, I just put a long shirt and I become a message believer and that's enough for me. I don't read the Bible. I don't pray at home. I don't do all these things and I'm just in the pew and I don't I'm just a message believer. No, the Holy Spirit feeds upon the word of God. Lord, make me have that cornerstone that feeds upon the word of God. The new birth, the reality of the Holy Spirit for me, for my children, Lord, for my family. I want each one to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. myself. Lord, fill me with more of you. Fill me with the Holy Spirit, more of you. One baptism, but many refilling. Amen. Is that correct? This man, it's too old. People have act funny. They don't come in the order of of psychology, of education, our learning, our creeds. It don't fit in there. and they kicked it off because it was too old, too peculiar, too disagreeable with the plans that we as a man had ideas of what the church ought to be. We have become polished scholars. It ought to be a group of fine dressed people. It ought to be a group of we have tried to make it an educational program, something that will please our five senses, something that you could see and taste and feel or something. Most of it has been through the site. I mean, look at our fine people. Look at our best crowd in the city. The mayor comes to our place. Oh, look at this. The chief executive of the chief of police come to our church and we find out when the building did not go on. They rejected away the stone that God has so prepared for it. And sometimes the message sometimes we make that mistakes. Oh, I want those big things and things. But Lord, I don't want to miss if if there is anything that can I look I I want the church to come to is to be filled with the Holy Ghost. Lord, fill us with the Holy Ghost. the real Holy Ghost and not only Holy Ghost in the mind, not Holy Ghost in the flesh, not Holy Ghost in in the spirit, but the Holy Ghost in the soul, the reality, the the personal revelation of God. Faith is important that we need faith, but we need faith to come to maturity where it can come and produce the real faith of God, the the real baptism of the Holy Spirit. Amen. the same line there that the old times now is going through the so the prophet says now I want to say this that there are some people who have a portion of this virtue portion of knowledge wisdom and patience Christians and so forth. They don't even profess to be Christians. And we are teaching Sunday school. There is some people have a portion of these and don't even pretend to be Christians. Some people can have all these virtues. They are not even Christians. Oh, this is a good person. This is God. He's very kind. He was very patient. Oh, all the different things. Oh, oh, that's the trade of their family. They're always very good people. And you can be mistaken. You think that you have the Holy Ghost. No, it's just your nature. It's just the way you are and everything. But let me tell you, maybe it sounds weird, but just natural thread of being nice person will don't help you to go to heaven. It's not enough. You need a new birth. Even if it's natural, it still need to be changed. It needs to be transformed. It needs to be equipped by the Holy Ghost. Amen. You can't produce anything on your own. It will be just manufacturing. So he goes, say that won't do it. That don't even pretend to be it. That won't do it. It's like a black bird trying to put peacock feathers on his wings to make him a peacock. He only disgraces himself. Better be better to stay a black bird. When he tried to exercise these things without being a Christian is simply all out of place. Amen. It's like a sycamore tree trying to manufacture apples. It couldn't do it. Or although it's a tree, but it can't manufacture apples. It's like a mule trying to manufacture wool. Wool. I always get confused there. Wool. My wife always say wool. Okay. Wool. I'm a French speaker. So, excuse me. So, manufacture wool. Trying to be a sheep when he's a mule. He can't manufacture wool. He don't do it. He can't do it. Wool is a gift to a sheep, not a mule. He might try to act like a sheep, but he's still a mule. Say say, "Well, I can't eat. I can eat like a sheep. I can do this like a sheep." No matter what you can do, you've got to be a sheep in order to have war. For those who have natural things, it's good, but still need to be changed. There needs to be need to be transformed. Needs to be attached from God. Amen. There needs to be something real that has to become. For those who don't have them, don't try to manufacture them. Don't try to say it seems by the Moses preach upon virtue I want to be so virtuous now from now on I have virtue knowledge or temperance no now I will try to be as temperant as I can that won't work what you need to say Lord fill me with the Holy Ghost that will produce that temperance that will produce the patience that produce the godliness fill me with yourself that the life becomes so real in my life that I don't have to force anything that becomes natural in me, Lord. Amen. So become so desperate for more of God. Lord, I desire your life. I desire the power of God. As we go through all of them, Lord, I desire the virtue of God. I desire the Holy Spirit to come and produce the virtue in my life. Why am I still stumbling here, stumbling here? Lord, I desire the life of Jesus Christ. Give me that thirst and hungry for God. Lord, make me more on fire for you, Lord. Oh yeah. Let me grow, Lord. Give me the Holy Spirit. Father, the more you ask for it, the more God gives you. The more you believe that God will give you, God will give you. You cannot you can grow as as as far as your faith goes. Amen. Prophet says one quot you can go as far as your faith goes. God, I ask it. I believe it. Now I give it to me, Lord. And God will give it to you. Amen. A sheep doesn't manufacture wool. He has wool because he's a sheep. I like that expression. He has wool because he's a sheep. A lot of people trying to say, well, I'll try to get good. I'll try to do this. Don't manufacture nothing. Oh, no. You can't do it. A sheep doesn't isn't ask isn't expected to manufacture wool. He bears wool and he does it because he's a sheep. Amen. God let me die to my old nature and come to life life of Jesus Christ. Then I will produce it. Lord, it will be manifested automatically. Lord, help me to die. Help me to die. Sometimes I hang to my old life. I don't want to die to my old life. It was so precious. My pride is my different things. But Lord, help me to die to those old things that can produce the life of Jesus Christ. Amen. A vulture trying to put to eat with the dove. A vulture trying a vulture trying to be a dove. Could you imagine a bazard out there? 92. I'm you know I'm a dove. I'm I've put a few feathers in in in him say look it just be all out of shape. There's a man who professing to be something when he's not. See you can't do it. So no, I'm I'm message believer and everything. Young people are message believer. I sing specials and everything. But during the evening, during the night, you on the internet and checking things and dirty things and different things and the following day you come, oh messenger believer, message believer. That's not good. Amen. Lord, give me the new birth to take the desire of those things. If you're struggling or talk to someone who you trust, you pray about it and you know committed to God, you pray and amen because you're just killing yourself. Now you can't say now look I'm supposed to have virtue. I'll have virtue. I'm supposed to have godliness now have why you are only trying to place feathers though you are in your though they are in your reach. So they are available but you try trying to put the you can't put the feathers in the wrong bird. No he has it won't work. It only shows what a hypocrite that bird is. Could you imagine an old bazard trying to have couple of dove feathers? Look here I'm a dove. Well we all know it's a bazard. It's old but you can tell that is a bazard. In other words it say not say you you need to be born again because the old nature here is a bazard. This is a bazard. But you need to be born again to have the nature of a dove and grow as a dove and express as a dove. Amen. See now what way it is trying to manufacture Christianity. The first thing you've got to do is be born again. You have got to be changed. When you are changed, you become a new creation. You're getting rights now. See, if you don't have now, now you don't have to worry about the feathers. It will take care of itself when you are born again. Yes sir. So what you have to do when you are born again if you have a sheep it will produce wool. If if you have if you have a dove it will produce the right kind of feathers. It the oil will come from the inside and cleaning those feathers. What you need to do is to feed upon the word of God. If you don't if the sheep does if it doesn't feed upon what the the right the right food it won't produce the right kind quantity of wool and the right quality of wool. So need to feed upon the word of God. That's why we we come to church. Amen. That's why we come to church. That's why we listen to the tapes. That's why we read the Bible. That's why that's why you stay in prayer so that the nature of God can be expressed. If you don't have the new birth, pray God, fill me with the Holy Ghost. The new birth is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And but if if you have it, let me tell let me encourage you, feed more upon the word of God. Stay more in the atmosphere so that it can be expressed. Amen. Amen. I think it's good we can stop there. We will upon faith next time. Amen. I think it's it's good enough. says, "You know, musicians can come." You say, "Well, brother Bam, I know this certain woman over there. Why she never did do anything wrong? She's a good woman. This such and such a man is a good man. He never does anything." You know, he doesn't harm anybody. That doesn't mean one thing. He might make a good neighbor, but he isn't a Christian until he's born again. Amen. You're not even converted yet until you are born again. Until you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The new birth is not an option. The new birth is a reality. The new birth is a master. Is a master. You can't make it without the new birth. Is a master. Amen. But now, how do I know that I have the cornerstone? I don't want to leave you hanging. How do I know that I have that cornerstone? Is God revealed to you that you know that you know that you know God? I can never forsake you. No matter what my father does, no matter what my one one young preacher said, I like it. He was a young preacher. He got converted and then he became a preacher and he says, "You know what? I came to realize even if my father backslid that's one place I can disobey my father because it became so real to him says oh this I cannot go away from the message it's so real to me that even if my father forces me I can never deny it so that's the cornerstone it's a personal revelation to And how do I know that I have that that cornerstone? Look at your desires. If you still love the things of the past or maybe it's not there yet. Lord, take away those old desires and give me the desire of Christ. Does it mean that you are perfect? You don't make mistakes or you don't stumble. No. But you have one testimony when you can say, you know, I'm not what I ought to be. I'm not even what I want to be. But one thing, I'm not what I used to be. Something has changed in my life. Lord, bring us closer to you. Is that the desire of your heart this morning? God bless you. Let's stand together. [Music] More of you. All of you. I've had it all. All I need is more for you. Of things I've had my faith, but yet I hunger still. Empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayers. Oh, more of you. Oh, more of you. All of you. I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. of things I've had my feel. But yeah, thy hungers still empty and Lord of you. [Music] Is that the desire of your heart, Lord, more of you? The dynamics for the church shall be the refilling of the Holy Spirit for those who are born again. More of you, Lord. More and more of you, pleasing. Pleasing. All I wants to be pleasing, easy. Oh, let me be pleased. to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Pray. Let everything I pursue be pleasing. Oh Lord. Once again, pleasing. Oh, pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Everything I do, be pleasing to you. Praise you. And everything you be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. To be like Jesus. Oh, to be like Jesus. to be like Jesus on earth. I long to be like him. Oh, through life's journey from Earth to glory. I only to be like. Let's sing it again as a prayer. Oh, to be like, I desire to be like you. to come to this statue of Christ like you. Oh, I long on earth. I long to be like him. Oh life's journey fathers to glory I only ask to be like him. [Music] Oh create in me a clean heart. Oh create me a clean heart. Oh God and renew a right spirit within me. Oh create me the king heart. Oh God and renew a right spirit with me. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, so take not holy spirit from me, but restore unto me the joy of thy salvation in renew arise within me. Cast me not away. You cast me not away from thy presence, [Music] oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. resto the joy of thy salvation and renew a rise spirit within me. As the music is playing softly let each person just pray to the Lord and speak to him and Lord fill me with more of you Lord create in me a clean heart father let me be pleased Lord create in me that clean heart Jesus Christ father just to be expression of you Lord fill me with more of you more of the Holy Spirit Great father when this time Lord I want to reject I don't want to reject the cornerstone I don't want to reject father Lord that stone on which upon I want to be built on Lord but I won't desire to be your temple father Lord I'll be to work and make sure that my calling and my election sure make my call and my election sure Father and help me father Lord to be cooperating with you as I yield myself to you. Father I desire more of you. Father make me a real Christian. Desire to be father converted, changed, transformed from the inside to the outside. Father who come and work in my soul, move in my heart. Father can be the reflection of Jesus Christ. Make me father a real Christian anchored in you, anchored in Christ. My anchor in you, in your word, a personal revelation of who you are. Grant it to the church. Father, grant to each and every one of us. Make us stable Christian. Father, oh God, ragged Christian in you, despite the tempest, despite the rain, despite father's circumstances, despite the difficult time, defi, despite father fight from our children, from our spouses, from our parents, despite all these things, Father, Lord, reveal yourself to me that I know you, Lord. You are a reality to me. I have a personal walk with you. Lord, I talk to you and you talk back to me. Father, bring all of us to that reality of who you are. Make us ragged Christians, soldiers of faith. Father, as Paul was, Lord, being in jails, writing some of those epistles in jails. When you look at it life, as the prophet says, look at life of those messengers, you'll see what the virtue is. is a type of see what Paul was despite all those things. Oh father, even to the point of death, oh even if I die, it will be again for me. But I will not deny the word of God. I will not deny the truth. I have a faith. I can't even deny even if myself come and try to be to contradict what I told earlier, it will be a curse. I can't deny the truth. with a reality. Father Lord, bring all of us to that place. You know our children. Father Lord, those don't have a personal revelation yet. Father, stir their heart to come to that reality. Lord, to know you. Help us to be examples upon our children, upon our wives, the wives upon to their husband to be example to be a life to be a thirsty a salty life that will make others thirsty of that life of Christ. Oh that what we desire a church that will be on fire for you. Visitor will come in. Oh I see the love of God among them. I see the fire. I see the zeal among them ready to repent at any time but loving one another being humble church. Oh that simplicity of the heart. Oh God that what we desire to be. Father bless each parent. Bless each mother each father each child grandchildren. Father visit all of us. Father heal the sick among us. Father, different needs among us, but you are still the same yesterday, today, and forever. And you care for us. We love you, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. [Music] Keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. Oh, keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. Oh, there's a race that I must run. There are victory to be on. Give me every hour to be true. Oh, keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true. Keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. Oh, there's a race that I must run. There are these streets to be one. Give me power, every hour to be true. Let's give a hand to the Lord. Glory to God. [Music] Amen. Amen. Do you love the Lord this afternoon? I love him better every day. Can I sing that? Amen. I love him better every day. I love him better every day. [Music] Close by his side. Oh, I will abound. I love him better every day. [Music] Oh, that's enough to make me sing. [Music] That's enough. My sins are all forgiven to heaven. Enough to make peace. Enough to make. Oh, give me all in my lamb and give me. Oh, give me all in my lamb. Oh, give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the kings of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Every promise in the book, every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. I am trusting in his love. Every promise in the book is mine. Mine, mine, oh mine, mine, mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Mine when I'm wey. Mine when I'm mine. Mine. Mine. Jesus is mine. Jesus is me all the time. Amen. Pastor, I'm going to invite you and pray for us to come and pray for us and close the service. Praise the Lord. Lord Jesus, you are ours, Lord. And we love you with all our hearts. Amen. We thank you, Lord, this morning that you have visited us, Lord. Lord, you've spoken your word to us and it touched every one of us. It doesn't matter how advanced we are, Lord Jesus. We got to get back to the basics, Lord. We need that faith more than ever before. We see it in our lives. We see it, Lord, when we pray for the sick. Lord, they need to recover because your word says, "Amen." Lord, by your stripes were healed. Lord, we got to get back to the word of God. Hallelujah. And we thank you, Lord, for the message of the hour, Lord, that we can preach it, that we can nourish our faith with the word of God. Amen. Hallelujah. And then we add virtue to it, Lord, and and all the rest of it, Lord Jesus. We want to come to maturity. And we thank you this morning for your presence. We thank you for Brother Moses, Lord Jesus, for his desire, for his his motive. Lord, he wants the church to grow and to be established, Lord. Oh, we all desire that to be established in the word of God, believing in all the good pleasures of the Lord. We are so grateful for that, Lord. Thank you, Lord, this morning. We worship you and praise you. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Can we say hallelujah? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Thank you, pastor. [Music] Amen. That's our desire to be more like him. Is that correct? Amen. And what good song can Let me walk. Let me walk with you, Jesus. Jesus, don't never leave me alone. All we bow to our good never [Music] make heaven my home. You found me, Lord. You found me when I was so lonely. My Lord, you found me when I was so Jesus, you found me when no one could love me. Even no one just so let me walk with you, Lord. Oh, so let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. Oh, without you I could never. Hallelujah. on heaven to my soul. I've been on the mountain with Jesus. Oh, I've been on the mountain with Jesus. I've been in the valley so long but never one time as he felt me. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh to him my trles I go. This is my prayer Lord. So let me walk with you with you Jesus. [Music] Don't ever leave me alone. Oh, without you I could never [Music] make heaven my soul. Let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. Oh, without you I could never [Music] make heaven my hallelujah. Thank you for coming to church this morning. God bless you richly. Appreciate each and every one of you. Sometimes we go to the mountains. Sometimes we are in the valley and sometime we think that he has forsaken us. But let me remind you. He will never leave you, never forsake you, always be with you. He knows the place where you are. He knows your address. He knows your situation. And he cares for you. God bless you richly. See you on Wednesday evening. God bless you. Shalom. [Music] I love you. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
