################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-22 - RWF 2025 06 22 Bro Moses Ndala The New Birth - Moses Ndala.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-22
Title:   RWF 2025 06 22 Bro Moses Ndala The New Birth
Speaker: Moses Ndala
Church:  Edmonton Restored Word Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAw74QglS-U
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] You know, I Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I spend an hour within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the aes lie. In whom the raging of the sea subound living. The only source of life. I hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, all my hope is in love forever. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgive him. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in love from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever. Welcome. God bless. Peace of God cover me. Oh peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me. [Music] Only in you I am safe. Only in you I'm secure. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. [Music] Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the store. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passed is all I understood. Cover me. Cover me. This is the evening time. [Music] It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now for the Lord to me. All things are ready now. The bridegroom are here. He that hath to hear the evening time is here. This is the evening time. It's later than you think. The bride is preparing now for the Lord to me. All things are ready now. The bridegroom by her hair. He that near to hear the evening time is near. Shine on me. [Music] Shine on me. Lord, shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. So yeah, won't it be wonderful there? [Music] Let's start for the chorus there. Won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously singing, the heart bells all ring. Won't it be wonderful there? Won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously singing, our bells are ringing. Won't it be wonderful? Won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously singing, the heartbells will ring. Won't it be wonderful there? Walking and talking with Christ, the supernal one. Won't it be wonderful there? Praising, adorning the matchless, eternal one. Won't it be wonderful there? Won't it be wonderful there? [Music] Having no burdens to bear, joyously singing, the heart bells all ring. Won't it be wonderful? There were the tempest will never be sweeping us. Won't it be wonderful there? Sure that forever the Lord will be keeping us. Won't it be wonderful there? Let's stand. Won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously singing, heart bells are ringing. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, when with the Savior we enter the glory land. Won't it be wonderful there? Ended the troules and cares of the story land. Won't it be wonderful there? Won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously singing, the heart bells all ring. Won't it be wonderful that there's no prayer requests here, but just kind of I guess an update is last service we asked to pray for my cousin whose son went missing and unfortunately they found him uh deceased in the river. So um just keep them in prayer. Her name is Jennifer. She's my She's my first cousin, I guess. But um yeah, he just had his birthday last week, his 18th birthday, and he he went missing. So, um I had to ask brother to to come up and maybe service in prayer. Just pray for those who aren't here. Brother Victor is still traveling, I believe. Brother Benjamin is I think he's not here. So, we'll sing that one more time. Won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear joyously singing my heart bells on. Won't it be wonderful? Sorry to hear that, brother Andrew. Wow. Life's mysteries, you know, the good and the bad parts. It's a mystery that thank God for keeping us Lord as we look among you believers and fellow citizens of this journey that we have a hope and such a joy and let's just bow prayer before we open as we open the service and father we just come to you this morning Lord Jesus and now as a collective Lord people lord with One heart, one mind. Lord, we're just asking together, Lord, inviting you to come down amongst us, Lord. Father, we're we wish to get out of the way, Lord, that we may be able to uh hear from you, Lord. Father, would you prepare our hearts, Lord, even now, Lord? Father, that we're able to hear from you, Lord. That we'd walk out here, Lord, as stronger, a happier, a sweeter, a better people, Lord, a more determined people, Lord. Father, I just pray, Lord, this this day that you'd anchor from the young people that are amongst us, Lord. God, bless them, Lord Jesus. Their tender hearts, Father, at young ages, Lord, let them know the rest of us, all of us that are here, we're behind them, Lord. We're we're rooting for them, Lord. We desire them to find the living savior, Lord. Lord, this day for each part of this service, Lord, we just committed into your care. We love you, Lord. We love one another, Lord, our pastor. We pray, Lord Jesus, for our dear brother Moses. Lord, a a sweet man, Lord Jesus. We just stand behind him, Lord, now. Father, cause him to just be able to yield. That being the gift we heard, the real gift to get out of the way. May it happen this morning. Lord Jesus, we again just commit all portions of this service. We stand at attention, Lord, this morning. We ask these mercies in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] You can greet one another as you find your seats. [Music] Where could I go? Where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Living below in this awesome world. Hardly a comfort can afford. Driving alone to face temptation. So, oh, where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Neighbors are kind. I love them everywhere. We get along in sweet. But when my soul needs mana from above, where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Where could I go? Your refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Life here is grand with friends and wonderful dear. Comfort I get from God's own word. Yet when I face the chimney, where could I go but to the Lord? [Music] Where could I go? Where could I go? Need a refuge for my soul. Need a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go to? Where could I go? Where could I go? Where could I go? Where could my soul? Needing a friend to help me. Where could I go but to the Lord? Won't we have a time when we get over you? Won't we have a time when we get over yonder? Won't we have a time when we get over yonder? We have a time when we get over yonder. Oh, won't we have a time? We'll sing and shout and dance about when we get over yonder. We'll sing and shout and dance about when we get over yonder. We'll sing and shout and dance about when we get over yonder. Oh, won't we have a time? King Jesus will be there when we get over yonder. King Jesus will be there when we get over yonder. King Jesus will be there when we get over yonder. Oh, won't we have a time? We'll have no sorrow there when we get over yonder. We'll have no sorrow there when we get over yonder. We'll have no sorrow there when we get over yonder. Oh, won't we have a time? There'll be no dying there when we get over yonder. There'll be no dying there when we get over yonder. There'll be no dying there when we get over yonder. Oh, won't we have a time? We'll see our loved ones there. When we get over yonder, we'll see our loved ones there. When we get over yonder, we'll see our loved ones there. When we get over yonder, oh, won't we have a time? King Jesus. King Jesus will be there when we get over yonder. King Jesus will be there when we get over yonder. King Jesus will be there when we get over yonder. Oh, won't we have a time? You can have your seats if you like. Sister Wendy has a song special if I can have her. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Tonight, We return to as I try day by day. Often meet with and there's joy in my way. But I have a calm assurance that my soul the Lord will keep. And in him there is strength for every need. Oh, his grace is sufficient for me. And his love is abundant and free. And what joy fills my soul just to know. Oh, just to know that his grace it is sufficient for me. When the tempter brings confusion and I don't know what to do. On my knees I turn to Jesus for I know he'll see me through. Then despair is turned to victory. Every dove just melts away. And in him there is hope for every day. [Music] Oh, his grace is sufficient for me. And his love is abundant and free. And what joy fills my soul just to know. Oh, just to know that his grace it is sufficient for me. And what joy fills my soul just to know. Oh, just to know that his grace it is sufficient for me. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let's sing I'll fly away his brother Moses come. Thank you. [Music] When this life is over, I'll fly away to run on God's celestial shore. I fly away. Fly away. Oh glory. Fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by I fly away. And the shadows of this life that ros fly away [Music] from prisons have fly away. I will fly away. Fire away. Glory. [Music] I can't. Hallelujah. Why am I away? Just a few more weary days. Just a few more weary days and then I fly my way. to where joy shall never end. Fly away. I will fly away. I fly away. Glory. I shall fly away. [Music] Hallelujah. High and high. [Music] Glory to God. Glory to God. These are the are wonderful news. Amen. We have a land. We have a place where we can go to. Looks like some people are not happy to fly away. Some people want to stay here. Some people look like they're enjoying this place here. I don't think it's not our place. We can sing it a better way when put that song again. Let's just a few more days, just a few more days where we have to work a little bit and things like this and some sorrows, some uh some trials, but in a few days it will be over. We can sing to the Lord that we have a place where we are going. Let's sing it once again. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away to the land and rejoice never end. I fly away. I will fly away. I fly away. Oh, glory. I shall fly away the glory. I won't die. Hallelujah. I am fly away. Fly away. Fly away. Oh glory. Fly away in the morning. I won't die. Hallelujah. I am fly away. [Music] Glory to his name. Glory to his name. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. I greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I'm happy to be back. Nast Sunday I was not here but was here on Wednesday and some of you I didn't see you for some days. God bless you. Good to see you. God bless you richly and always good to be back home. There's no better place than home. Amen. God bless you richly. Amen. Um it's good to have brother Peter back. God bless you. God bless you. is grandpa for another time. And amen. So God bless you richly. We missed you. So we're happy that you're here. Everyone brings a le of fire. So we are happy that he's here. Amen. And God bless you each and every one of of you. Thank you Sister Wendy for the special. Really enjoy that. God's grace in our life. Where will we be without God's grace? Amen. Just needs God's grace in our life. God bless brother Simply and others. God bless you. Good to see you. Amen. Amen. Just go to the Lord in prayer as the music can play softly for us. Just go to the Lord in prayer this morning. Father, Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you once again to be in your house this morning, Lord. Lord, we are coming with great expectation to hear from you, the speaker as the hearers, all of us. Father, we depend completely on you, Father, this morning as we surrender oursel to you. As the prayer was made earlier, Father, Lord, we we desire, Father, a closer walk with you. That's why we come, Father, to churches. Lord, speak to my heart and examine me, Father. Search me, Lord. Help me, Father, Lord, to consider the time I'm living in. and help me father if there is anything you can speak to my heart beyond the word of a preacher because you are the inside teacher father you are the one who can go and and speak father lord in a special way you the word of god is still the discerner the thoughts and the intent of the heart father lord we humble ourselves before you lord this morning to take the primance as you did father for the song service that our heart has been prepared That father Lord may you come now that word of God and go and inside of our heart Lord as we understand in this teaching that faith comes by hearing and hearing of the word of God. Let our heart hear from you Lord as the song was sung earlier. Let him that hear hear what the word of God says. Father Lord, let the spiritual hear hear more than the literal words, Father, that he can go beyond our desires to please you. Our desire is to be better Christians. Our desire, Father, is to be have better families. Our desire, Father, Lord, oh Lord, is to get ready for the rapture, Father. We don't present, Father, the preacher does not pre present people to himself. He has nothing to offer father. We desire to direct the people to Christ. Christ is the solution. Christ is the shepherd. Christ father is the one Lord who will meet each heart father one day. So that's why father we desire Lord to just humble oursel before the king and hear from you father. Bless each family here Lord. the fathers, the mothers, the young people as the prayer was made earlier father that also the burden of my heart the young people father that each person will come and close relationship with you father don't let them consider this as a religion of the father the religion of the mother but let it father become a personal relationship that yourself speak to them father lord we we surrender oursel to you Lord and we give you the glory and the honor in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. In a way of announcement, there is a young people meeting scheduled for this Friday. Yeah, this Friday, Friday 27. Um, I'll put you I'll put I'll put the location depending on the weather as it get close. I'll put the location. They need to do a little bit not necessarily at my house. If the if the the weather is nice, but if the weather is not nice, we might put it still at my house. So stay um tuned as they say, get posted. And so um for those and young people who have not yet give us an uh phone number there is a there's a WhatsApp group WhatsApp group where we put u the phone numbers of u of the young people so that we can just put communication there and get updated there. So we put the phone number of the young people also the phone number of their parents so they aware of what what's going on. don't want the parents to be surprised by any communication that that's going there. So that in a way of announcement let me check if I missed anything as well I want to announce um there'll be some special meetings the annual special meeting is end time message tabernacle I'll put the announcement next time and um it will be in July end of July 25th I think to 27 I'm not mistaken I'll double check and the next Sunday we have brother Roshan um from India will be speaking for us in the in the morning then in July of the brother daily. Um if you can also kind of spread that because it is Saturday um so we have um is is a good minister so you have friends we have um people in your heart families and so yeah just uh you can share that can attend on on Saturday and Sunday it will be a blessing. Amen. Amen. invite you to go to the word of God now in Matthew 25th. Thank you musicians Peter. Thank you brother Andrew. Thank you brother Caleb. Brother Caleb is getting better and better becoming professional now. Huh. That's good. Matthew 25th, we read from verse one to verse 13. Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto 10 virgins, which took their lambs, and went forth to meet the bridegroom. And five of them were were wise, and five were foolish. They that were foolish took their lambs and took no oil with them. But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lambs. When the bridegroom ter slumbered and slept, and at midnight there was a cry made, "Behold, the bridegroom cometh, go ye out to meet him." Then all those virgins arose and trimmed their lambs. And the foolish said unto the wise, give us of your oil, for our lambs are gone out. But the wise answered, and saying, Not so, lest there be not enough for us and you. But go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves. And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came, and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage, and the door was shut. Afterward came also the other virgins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us. But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you not. Watch therefore, for you know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of Man cometh. Amen. God bless his word. Can have a seat. Amen. I would like to continue on the subject that I'm on. Um just want to not just to take time for the sake of taking time but I just want to some of the things just to to linger on it a little bit more just to become a little bit just to be um anchored a little more and for many reasons and one of them is a is we have new generations new people and and new generation they're not necessary things maybe just go on top of their head and they hear terms and they don't know what it is and and then and and then at some point they get disconnected because there's no you don't have time to go through really that and show okay this is this this is this this is that so before you write a a nice sentence you need to know the alphabet needed to go to the ABCs and we can afford to do that we are nice church we have like a family we are a little bit small in number so we can handle that I think and um and we can be patient on one another so that's I know these things but it's just good to go through them slowly and just uh uh help us to be ourself and reminded Peter said you know I'm I'm I'm I'm sending this letter to you stirring your heart by the way of remembrance just just reminding people and reminding people and just what we need and the second part as well is even how long we have been in the message still good to come and recheck again so Lord my lamps are are they trimmed are they ready is everything fine amen it's not there to create doubt and I emphasize that on on Wednesday sometimes Wednesday a bit so I'm don't go maybe leave it that on a positive way because um you know you don't want to be the only one to be like oh um how can I put this way oh I I don't am I is that creating doubt on the experience or the place where you are no so if you have already reached that place is not to create doubt on you or try to uncch Christianize you that's not the point otherwise you will be u you know you you will be restarting every time no that's not the purpose but it's also to check that oh god where am I is is my seat belt on kind of say is my seat belt on and check. Oh, it's still there. Oh, thank you, Lord. It's there. Amen. So, that's what we want there. Amen. Amen. So, we saw that in order to find in order to build in order to build a strong building the statue of a perfect man, I'm putting as a statue of the fullness of Christ. In order to have the statue of the perfect man in order to build it properly, you need a good foundation. Amen. And the real foundation or the good foundation you need to have is faith. The faith and we we saw that that there are no multiple faith that not multiple faith different faith or different kinds of faith. Maybe maybe by lack of words sometimes say fa faith for healing faith for this. Yes, that's true. But there are not different kinds of faith. only one faith that faith that was given and the true faith and that what we have need to have amen but faith I believe faith also increases meaning can have faith but in God give me more faith I need more faith I need to mature I need my faith to become mature I need my faith to become stronger amen that's what we need and that what the prophet says and that what we need amen so he says he will say faith does the rest of it. Faith does the rest. So you must have faith for a foundation. All Christianity, all you are, all you'll ever be is based upon faith in the word. That's the reason I believe the word. Amen. So I can't put my faith on nothing else. If I was going to if I was going if I was going to put it on the church, which church would I put it on? Catholic, Lutheran, Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostals or even say, "Oh, message church." No, you cannot put your faith in the church. It has to be on the word of God. Says, "Where would I put it on?" I don't know. They all scrabble up and everything has twist lines and everything else. But when I put my faith in his word, it's anchored. Amen. So your faith, our faith has to be anchored on the word of God. Amen. Nobody interpreted here. It is that save the Lord. Then I believe that that's the basis. That's the foundation. Amen. And then we go on in the message statue of perfect man. We talk about the vision. And then later on it says know the vision. Then if this vision happened perfectly exactly the way they say that they do and this church here knows that's right. Then what about his word? See it's more sure than the vision. The word of God is more sure than the vision. Even the prophet when he had a vision, he had any vision. He had to check the vision that he had and compare it with the word of God because the word of God was is the absolute he could not put the vision above the word of God. He has to rely on what the word of God says. Amen. So people can have vision. People can have prophecies even some prophecies that are being realized. But every prophecy has to be checked with the word of God. Amen. You know as a prophet as a prophet give the example about Micah and the 400 prophets. So those 400 prophet they were prophesizing good things. They were prophesizing right things all most of the time I think even all the time but at that time they prophesied something that was wrong with the word of God. Amen. And they had the spirit it was anointing prophet we call them false anointing. So they go they were people but they had anointing a false anointing upon them. and they prophesy. They didn't compare it with the word of God. But Micah knew what Elijah said about Ahab. He could compare that with the word of God and stay with the word of God. So what? Yes. The absolute is the vision or the word of God. Is the word of God that is always the absolute. Amen. You know the pro God had to rebuke the prophet because the prophet at some point he had to trust only you know when he has to pray for the sick he has to wait for a vision. Amen. I said I'm wait for the vision then to see then I can then I can have faith. He said no that's not the right way. The right way is to believe what the word of God says. So he God is recommend he's calling us to have the perfect faith. We is to believe the word what the word of God says you take it. You put in your heart you believe it and you move forward. Amen. You don't doubt you don't reason. You don't try to think. You don't even hope. You go beyond hope. You believe what God says. what God says is the right thing to do. Amen. Amen. says this house and later on down there it says so now you're going to build a house and you pour the foundation say boy I got here you got the foundation to build your house on now you got to build a house that's where the thing comes in this morning we're going to talk about now a house this foundation is first what is the foundation of Christianity is faith in the word of god that your foundation and now you're building a house you put your upright and everything else brotherhood and say some of the campers. Some of the carpenters and contractors here could tell us how you build your house. But I'm going to tell you how you build your spiritual house where God can dwell. He wants to dwell in you. He wants to make you like himself. He wants you to be reflecting rather he want you to be reflecting his being. Amen. So when you have that foundation, it is in order to build a house so that you can reflect Christ. Reflect Christ in your house. Reflect Christ out to your workplace. Reflect Christ in school. Reflect Christ in the marketplace. Reflect Christ wherever you are. You be reflecting Christ. That what he desire. The three-fold purpose of God is to see Christ in the sec. Second part of the purpose of God is to see Christ being manifested in the bride. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? says that you know in the old time when they used to make gold before they had the smelter to burn it out they used to build the gold out build the sludge out the iron and the copper and the staff out just keep beating it and turn it over beating it the Indians do that now beating gold and they beat it amen you know oh sometime we don't like that but we we go through beating amen beating through the word of God sometime beating through the trial It's God beating us. He knows what the gold can stand. He knows the quality of the gold inside of you, inside of me. That's why we can allow some beating because he want the reflection of himself. His beat is in is beating is beating. He know the go that because he want to see himself inside of that gold. Amen. You know how they could tell all the iron was out of it and all the dirt and the staff and the draws was out of it when the one that was beating could see his own reflection like a mirror in it. It was clean and clear enough till it reflected the bitter. Lord I want to reflect you Lord. My life I desire you to be reflected inside of me. And I believe it's the desire of all of us of all of us. Say when that's where we supposed to do reflect the son of god now we are supposed to do his work he said he that believe on me say John 14:7 he that believe on me the works that I do shall he do also you are beginning to reflect the works of Christ then it says so many of us try to do the works of Christ before the reflection of Christ is in us now that's the trouble we find that those things happening if we see stumbles along along the road we find the scribe heap of ministers of Christians piled along the road is because they didn't go into it the right way and the right way is have faith and be born again that's the laying of the foundation so we talk about faith and we talk also about the new birth amen so this morning I'm going to go a little bit about the new birth is a must is not an option is not an option. It's not something you can put aside. It's a must. You must to come to the new birth. You must be filled with the Holy Ghost. It has to be the life of Jesus Christ inside of you. You can't go a Christian life with just reasoning or thinking or intellectual faith. It has to come to where it becomes a personal revelation to you. Amen. And in order to be born again, we must go through the process. We must go to We last time. We have to go through the process. We have to go through repentance. We have to believe the word of God. We have to accept the word of God. We have to go through repentance. We have to repent. We have to be baptized in the wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That the only valid baptism that there exists in the Bible. It is to be is to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And then because the promise is there for the remission of our sins. Amen. Amen. In acts two says when they heard this mean they heard the word of God. So you have to hear the word of God. Then they were prickled in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles men and brother what shall we do? And Peter said, it's a common scripture I'm just reading. Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of of your sins and you shall receive you shall receive not you might receive. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. If you go through the process sincerely from your heart, God is obligated to his own word to fill you with the Holy Ghost. Actually God desires to fill us more with his holy ghost than sometimes ourself desiring it. God is eager and desiring to fill us with more of the Holy Ghost. Amen. For the promise is unto you and to your children and to all that are a far off even as many as the Lord our God shall call. So that promise is still valid for you today. That promise still valid for me today. Amen. It's not something of the past. It's something still real. Amen. That word of God is still real. That's when they show that without the Holy Ghost in the soul, it's only intellectual faith. It's not the real personal revelation yet. Mim understand and reason. Oh God, I believe that. I see that. It makes sense there. But it has to become a personal revelation in the soul. Has to become faith in the soul. Abraham believed God and it was accounted for him for righteousness. He left one time we get to that place one day maybe I would like to talk that faith has to be expressed through works. Amen. So faith has to come where it becomes alive. Can't just say no I believe I believe but the life is not expressing it. They have to go God help me that that faith becomes automatic in my life. You see in my life, in my actions, my works that when faith comes to maturity, Amen. Peter, James would say when faith is complete, it becomes perfect. Perfect becomes complete. Amen. So there it says Abraham left his place. He obeyed the word of God and he believed God and God. But that faith, God has to seal that faith. God has to accept that faith. It was God's faith himself. God gave him that faith but it has to come to the point where God has to give him the sign of circumcision which is a sign which is a type of the Holy Ghost is the type of the Holy Ghost in our time. So you believe but you have to come to the place where God fills you with the Holy Ghost. So that faith of Abraham was there but he has also to go through steps as he's increasing as the revelation is progressing as the re revelation is increasing so that faith becomes more and more real in in his in his life. Amen. As he had that the sign of circumcision was the trial finished? No. He was still having trials. Was God finishing training him? No. God was still training him. Amen. Faith was still increasing. faith was still increasing to the point where God even when he gave him the final trial, God says, "Now Abraham, I know that you believe me." He had the same faith from the beginning, but that came to the point where God himself has to testify to Abraham that now I know that you believe me because you are ready to give your own son. Even though I've given to you, but you are ready to give your own son. On Wednesday, we show that because the faith comes by experience. Amen. It increased by experience. It grows by experience. Abraham believed. But Abraham had to grow in that faith in that revelation. Amen. Once you have the Holy Ghost, you have the real faith in your heart. But it might be like a small seed, a master seed in your heart. Don't be discouraged in one way, but don't also stop there. You need to grow. Amen. You need become a mature. You need to have the preeminence your life. It has to become complete. He has to actually all the steps are based upon faith. So the Bible says when upon your faith adds virtue. It's not that you are adding like adding but that faith as is growing is being expressed more in all the different attribute it comes but when small faith or as a seed but becomes more and more mature. Amen. Amen. So now today what the prophet says he says in Lord show us the father and sufficient us. That's the way a Christian is. We are planted together in Christ Jesus who is the inexhaustible fountain of life. We are planted in Christ and we just drink and drink and drink and push out and everything we have need of for the earthly journey. And everything we have need of of the for the earthly journey, divine healing, the power of God, and all these other things is in every individual here that has received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. For you are planted in Christ, the prophet says, hallelujah. The Holy Ghost baptism. Yes, sir. Everything you have need of for this life journey, even the rapture is right in you there. Amen. I believe it with all my heart. Even the rapture is included in the Holy Ghost. Even the rapture is included when you are born again. You have the rapture inside of you. The rapture cannot happen without you going. Amen. Because God cannot lose his is elected. God cannot lose his son. God cannot lose his daughter. The one that have an experience of the new birth. Amen. But as you have that experience of the new, it's a just a little baby inside of you. In order to come to the fullness, it has to grow. Amen. That's why the prophet is saying you have to drink. You have to drink. You have to eat. You have to drink. You have to eat. You have to drink. Amen. Does it mean that you you will be lost? No. You will never be lost because the seal there you are sealed until the day of redemption. But you have to grow. Amen. We have to grow. Lord, fill our soul with more of the word of God so that we grow. Amen. Lord, help us to find time to spend time to stay in relationship with you so that the inner man can grow. Amen. Otherwise, he's weak. Otherwise, he get small trials and we we get we get we we we we get we get balanced, tossed about here and there, here and there, here and there. But when faith is so mature is just resting. Amen. The faith that is mature is resting. No matter what happens is the master of all circumstances. But how what was the secret? Feed upon the word of God. Drink from that water more and more. Amen. And the enemy that where he knows where to stop us. Yeah, that's right. He doesn't want us to make that that seed become mature. He doesn't want the inner man to become stronger. He doesn't want that man that the prophet called faith is that that that man with muscles. He does he want him to stay weak. He don't want to be always basing on on reasoning and and trusting on our five senses. But our five senses cannot give us the perfect victory. Amen. It's good but it's not good enough. In order to be strong in this time of Leodysia, we need to live by faith. The just shall live by faith is more real today maybe than more than the time of of Lut. We have to live by faith. Amen. And the perfect faith. Why we can have perfect faith? Because we have received the perfect word. God has given us all the materials to make ourselves ready for the rapture, brothers and sisters. Amen. Amen. So the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost baptism. Yes, sir. Everything you have need of for this life journey, even the rapture is right in you. Then don't resent that. He says that's the truth. The rapture is in us. Now I will prove it by the gospel and say those who have been justified those who have been those those who have who justified he has already glorified then heaven today we are glorified in the presence of God right now. Amen. Amen. Says but more than it I'm just pushing out to it. Amen. Glory God in his word. I believe it. So just pushing it out. Amen. So that what we have received today. I would like to emphasize on the importance of the new birth in the face of the time we are living in. If I can give you the type is the two marks but three types of people in the gentile dispensation. So there are two marks but there three types of people in the gentile dispensation. Let me just to emphasize a little bit on the importance of the new birth. The prophet says there is only one going to be there is only going to be two classes of people in the last days. Both of them is going to wear a mark. The mark of God is the baptism of the Holy Spirit without a shadow of doubt. Sorry about that. Something happened. Wake you up. I put this um I used to be a teacher of my children but Mr. Americ said the one is a mark of God. Just put that in the visual terms. But as a Sunday school teaching this morning. Simple, but I wanted to stay. It says, "The mark of God is the baptism of the Holy Spirit without a shadow of that." I preached that not long ago by the Holy Spirit, by the Holy Spirit's health, and the word of God proved it that the seal of God is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption. Without your Holy Spirit, you are not sealed. So this is the Holy Spirit. Amen. Holy Ghost. Holy Spirit. That's what we have. Must have. It's a must. It's not an option. It's a must. Says we must have the Holy Ghost. And says without the Holy Spirit, you are not sealed. For the Holy Spirit is God's seal. And then that all that was not sealed by the Holy Spirit was took on the mark of the beast. And the mark of the beast is a mark of apostasy which is rejecting the Holy Spirit. See what I mean? That when the hear of Jubilee or the blast comes that people are receiving the Holy Spirit, you deliberately willfully turn it down. God has no more or not under not under any more obligation to ever speak to you no more. That's the mark of the beast. So if you reject the Holy Ghost, the Holy Spirit, you might have the mark of the beast. And as a type in the holy in the the old testament those who refused when the trumpet sound was sounding they refused to be liberated. They wanted to stay slaves to their masters. They like the place where they wanted to be. They wanted their worldly life. They want to stay with the maybe my master is treating me well. Maybe I believe of pleasure where I'm staying where that's where I want to be. I want to continue my own life. Oh then the high priest. Oh it's fine. And you want to you refuse the Holy Ghost. All fine. Continue your own way. But I I will just put a sign upon you here that you can never be free anymore. And I will put that mark on you as a type of mark of you so you can hear the word of God, but it doesn't Oh, I'm not sensitive to the word of God anymore. Oh, that's a very dangerous spot to be. Why you think that, oh, the word of God doesn't make any sense. Oh, I don't it's it's not my place. And no, that's a very dangerous place to be. You'd rather have and even though you don't have the Holy Ghost, the right attitude. I think brother Boris said that as well. And and that's always a good attitude to have. Even if you don't have the Holy Ghost, don't reject the Holy Ghost. Don't reject the word of God. Don't reject the message. But pray, God, I don't have the Holy Ghost, but help me, Lord. Lord, I'm not living where I should be yet, but Lord, help me. Lord, don't reject. Don't refuse it. Don't say, "Oh, no, this is this is nothing. Oh, no, this is just a man's idea. Oh, no, this is just the preacher things. Oh, this is just that's church the theology." No, Lord, help me. Help me to receive what they're talking. Maybe I don't see it properly, but help me Lord. I don't want to be in this category where I'm rejecting it or I'm trying to find excuses, you know, I don't want it. This is nothing. No. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So then you'll be marked off and all the old and all the old types of the old testament all the types and shadows of the new and to reject Christ and to turn him down is knocked at at your door and you are on a danger line of being bored to the ear. Faith comes by hearing hearing of the word of God. And God will put a blind over your ear that you'll never be able to understand no more. You'll no more. You will do no more than criticize the gospel as long as you live. Oh God have mercy. I don't want anyone to be there. God have mercy Lord. And die and be lost forever. What a time. Why a Jubilee time while the doors are open? Do you realize that this is same baptism of the Holy Spirit? So we are living in the end time. We are not going always going to have a tomorrow. There will be one day where it will be the last day. I like that the song that brother Andrew put there. Don't you know that we are in the last day? Amen. Don't you know that we are in the end time? We are really in the end time. So it's not time to postpone it to put to another time. We don't have the all the time here. God. There is time where God's patience is going to be over. And then those who have the Holy Ghost will have the Holy Ghost. Don't have the Holy Ghost will have the mark of the beast. That's right. Now the messenger prophet says, "Who sigh and cry for the abominations that did in the city?" Where do you see that? I can show you 10 times speaking in tongues to one that's already burned for sin. They can't even pray an hour. But did you know the Bible said mark only those who sighted and cried for the abomination in the city? How many have read it? Sure. That was the Holy Spirit come forth to mark the people. Say to the destroying angel, go forth and destroy everything that doesn't have that mark upon them. And the mark of God is the Holy Ghost is the seal of God. When we talk about the mark of the beast, what is that beast? Just want to give a little bit. What is that beast? What the mark of the beast? But what is that beast? What is that beast that talk about in this mark of the beast here? What is that beast? The Bible says in Revelation 13, can go to Revelation 13 for those who have the Bible. Revelation 13:16 says, "He causth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in the forehead, and that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." Here is the wisdom. Let him that had understanding count the number of the beast for it is the number of a man and his number is 600 three score and six. So that beast is a number which is 600 66. This has become a so common number that even people are not Christians they know oh that's a that's a bad number. They believe the Bible without but they believe portion of the Bible they don't but take the whole Bible. So that's where that number comes from 666. Because of the pressure, some are going to have that mark of the beast. Some because of the deception of deception because of how the devil has deceived the people, they're going to have this number without knowing that they have this number. But the prophet has given us the secret is when you reject the Holy Ghost, you are candidate to receive this number. That beast is Satan human form that will lead worshippers and even religious people to worship him. That's the same beast that the Bible is talking about in 2 Thessalonians 2:34 says, "Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed the son of pition, who opposeth, and exaltth himself above all that is called God, and that is worshiped, so that he as God siteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God. So he's a person is a person who has influence and he want to show himself to be woripped or to be respected. He want to have authority over God. He wants to have authority over God. So he want to have authority over God. You want to have authority over the word of God because God is the word. So you want to reject the word of God. That's why they call him the antichrist. The antichrist is the anti-word. He doesn't want to accept the whole word. He think he can change the word of God. You know people want to change the Bible. They have their own version of Bible. They want to change the prayer of Jesus Christ. They think that the prayer of Jesus Christ is not perfect. Who are you to be able to change the prayer of the Lord Jesus Christ? It means you are trying to overtake the authority of the word of God. Who are you who don't want to allow people that they can they can pray to God directly? They have to go through you first before they pray to God. that the spirit of the old oldtime ages where they don't want people to have a relationship with God. I pray. Amen. And I want everybody to have a personal relationship with God. Amen. That's my desire. Everybody must have a personal relationship with God. Butam himself said, "I didn't want I didn't come here to to to create a church or to start a church and movement." No, I want here. I'm here because I want each individual to have a personal relationship with God. So sometimes we think that person is a evil person and is you know someone who has horns and scary person. No, he's a nice person, a good person, smiling person, but he has an influence because the Bible says they shall rise false Christ and false prophet and they shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. So probably he's a very good person and a very nice person, but he is deceiving because he want authority over the word of God. Amen. Amen. You will probably be a person giving good suggestions about tolerance, unity of faith among Christians, among different religions and bring people un let's become one unity, one group. We can understand one another. There are different ways to go to heaven. You can believe this way and you can go to heaven. You can believe this way, you can go to heaven. You know, God God doesn't want to reject people. You can be you can you you know you can do your own way. You can be a a gay, you can, you know, just be under one umbrella. All of us that against the word of God, there is only one way and that way is Christ. Amen. Look at the time of Jesus of Jesus Christ. Judah was probably the cleanest of all of the disciples. Put Judas and Peter in my mind. I would probably see Peter there is dirty. He's a fisherman and everything. But Judah is the one keeping the money. is the one who's the cleanest is the one who's looks like oh very that must be an intellectual of that group from that group of Jesus I see only per Judah looks like he's the one who is more educated but he's is the one who the most deceiving so it's the same spirit you remember when that woman came and pou the the anointing upon on Jesus Christ is the one complaining wh why why she's wasting that we can give that to We can sell that and give that to the poor. He sounds like the most compassionate person from all the disciples because he cares about the poor. No, he didn't want really care about the poor. He want to steal the money. Amen. So that's that is not too far from that beast. Amen. Actually, Revelation 13:8-9 says, "All that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the lambs lain from the foundation of the world. If any man have an here, let him hear." I will say, "Aren't you thankful that your name has been written in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world?" No matter what the enemy will try to do, if you are if you are a son of God predestinated, you are going to have the Holy Ghost. Amen. Oh, that's wonderful just to have that and to think about that God mercy in our life. There is a punishment for those having that mark of the beast. Revelation 14:9 says, "And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, if any man worship the beast or his image, and receive his mark in his forehead and his hand, the same shall drink of the vine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his innation. And he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, in the presence of the lamp. And the smoke of their of torment ascendeth up forever and ever, and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and forsoever receive the mark of his name. Here is the patience of the saints. He are they that keep the commandments of God and the faith of God. The time is running upon me there. I'm trying to rush, but so the the beast, but the beast, you also think about it. There is also an image to the beast. The prophet says, "Now a mark," the Bible speaks that the mark of the beast will be known by the hand or the head. I've heard it predicted by many different ways that they would tattoo a sign in your hand, a sign on your head. Now I do not believe that's correct with scriptures. How many believe think about COVID? How people say COVID is the the mark of the beast you know. Yeah. I'm not for vaccine or against vaccine. You do whatever you want to do. I'm not here for that. But you know how we Oh no. Don't take that. The mark of the beast. No no no the scripture. Do you think that the script what is a vaccine to do with the mark of the beast? Prophet gave us the key. If you reject the Holy Ghost, candidate for the mark of the beast. Amen. That's right. We go to Africa. How many times do we receive vaccines? So, I've been mark beast. Okay. But Jasper, I'm not against you. But let's stay with the scriptures. Amen. Amen. There's going to be a group of people that's going to be marked for te for destiny in hell and there's going to be people marked for their eternal destiny in heaven. And those two marks run side by side. It's going to get so great and so pinching that just before the coming of the Lord that you'll have to have one mark and the other or there will be a boycott and you can't buy or nor sell. But I believe also during COVID we saw some of the restrictions showing how they can easily turn on some of those of of of those of of those requirement. Amen. When when when the beast will be so such in power they can easily turn that those requirement that become so harsh. You can't buy you can't do anything you can't do because they it made them train for that those situations. Amen. showing that like a rehearsal once the real time happens they can do it like like that because we saw that through COVID. Amen. Says you can't buy nor sell. Notice how does this begin that these two great things have been working in the churches for years. Judas was the antichrist. We know that he was the one. He was not seemingly against Christ. Seemingly he was for Christ. Seemingly he was for Christ. He looked like he was for Christ. But the Bible says in the last days them two spirit will be so close to each other that you will deceive the very elect if possible. So don't think that is someone evil look from the outside but no so close. So close because so close with the beast and the image of the beast they will be so close. In the churches they look like this but one has the Holy Ghost the other doesn't have the Holy Ghost. This is the key. We should be desiring for more Holy Ghost. But fill us with more the Holy Ghost because without the Holy Ghost, you are candidate to be deceived. You can't have the right eyes. You can't see properly. You can't understand properly. But God will give me the Holy Ghost. I don't know how I can overemphasize that but become a reality. Amen. So to identify the beast, check his number. And we know one of the places in the great church where one of the places where this numbers is written. And for the young people, I don't know if I can remember how to write it, but I know how to to say it. I guess I'm close. Vikaris filid vigaris filiday which means instead of the son of god this is the inscription that's written in Rome on the throne where the pope is sitting vicarious filid and if you count it first so you know to count it what is this in Romans Number D 500. What is this? What is this? L. What is this? No, this one. It doesn't exist. as this one five. So if you put this 600 let's put this 60 right 660 so far. Are you with me? Now let's count the one. So we have one one one one right 1 2 3 4 5 6 6 am I correct so we have 600 this is 10 + 50 60 and count the one we have six ones 600 66. So we just don't want to take any number. So what's the why why why we say Rome? Why why we take why why why we focus on saying the beast is in Rome. It's not is not is not is not is not some conspiracy theory. It's not you know people can come with conspirac theory. They can take a name. You can someone can have a name and you calculate his name it turns out something. But why would we focus only on this name? Why? Why in Rome? Why we we focus on that place? Because Rome has already a place in the scriptures. If you look in in Revelation 10, if you look in the re re in re sorry revelation there, if you look in revelation 13, revelation revelation 14, revelation 17, revelation 18 that talking about the image, the beast and the image, the take the location all that give the descriptions of that beast where standing. Amen. So that beast is standing in Rome. It might be quiet. It might be like he's not doing anything, but he's working underneath. Everything is under control. Everything is working under control there for him. He knows what he's doing. But the bride should also be making herself ready. Amen. As they're making themselves ready on this side, the bride should be making himself ready on this side, too. Amen. That's not time to be playing church. It's time to get ready for the rapture. Amen. Amen. That's why I think the fulfillment of the prophecy of the pope that the prophet gave an American pope is very important. Amen. It's not a sign for us, but is something to wake someone who's still sleeping. If someone is still sleeping, I think the time to say to you, no, wake up. It's not time to play church. It's not time to put it on the side. No time to to to to postpone things. Lord, help me to be more serious. Help me to be more sincere. Help me to to trim my lambs, Lord. Amen. Prophet gave this prophecy 79 years ago if I'm not mistaken. 71 years ago says I believe one of these glorious days when this united confederation of church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy that they will form an image like unto the beast. So they talk about the image now he's identified what is in how this image of the beast is going to be formed. says when you see that pope and the confederation of the church coming together. Are you with me? So do you notice the United States you know it says when this united confederation of church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to the prophecy then they'll form an image like unto the beast and I tell you the true church of God will be drove together. the real true believers out of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim, Holiness, whatever they'll be will cemented by the love of God that will make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ all the believers. He say then the prophet continu says agnostics and people the some people want to be neutral. I don't believe in God and I don't I don't also deny God. I'm just neutral agnostic. Okay, whatever comes it's okay. I'm just being a good citizens. I'm just being a good person. I'm just going to be a good workers. And it says agnostic and minded shallowminded will be cast to one side. They will go right on into the confederation of churches. You'll find so many people here that very good people. They don't steal. They don't do anything. They don't just good people, good citizen. They pay the t the the taxes. They pay the taxes. But they are being deceived. Yeah. Amen. I'll put even here if you allow me some unbelievers. Do you know that some unbelievers are very good people? Amen. You talk with them so nice people but they just being blinded. Amen. And we have some make believer those somehow they come to church from time to times when when they feel like coming or they or they they they pray from time to time when they feel like they they read the Bible from time to time when they feel like it. went to Christmas then they they put their best dressed and they go to church when it's time of Easter they then then they read their Bible and then oh but under that image of the beast and when the pressure comes they won't have anything to stand against the pressure because they value more the work they value more the money they they don't have anything to stand when the pressure comes. But what will give you strength to stand against the pressure is the power of the Holy Ghost. But when the pressure comes, when the pressure comes, the power of the Holy Ghost, you have believed the word of God. You have believed the third pull. That power of the Holy Ghost will be manifested in the time of pressure because you were already sealed. Amen. Before the pressure comes. Amen. It's not when the pressure comes, then you start looking for it. It might be too late. It's now that you need to be your lamb to be trimmed. Amen. So the prophet says, "Do you notice it comes from America, right? Do you notice the United States is number 13 in everything it does? You know it it was established the 13 colonies. You know the flag had 13 stars in it in its first. You know everything that the United States does is a number 13. Did you know it appears in the Bible in Revelation 13? Certainly does. The little beast, the lamb that comes out out of the water, not thickness and multitude of people says no, not out of the water, but out of the land where there is no one. They had two little horn, civil and ecclesiastic powers. He was a lamp like the American buffalo, right? Having two horns is is is soft is freedom of religions. The study of freedom of religions. But do you know that today the Catholic has so much influence in America than ever have before in the congress in the white house the vice pre the vice president oh the catholic before the election they have to have a meeting with the with with the Catholic having influences never before watch out then he says after a while they went together and spoke like the dragons exercising all the power that Rome did before that's coming to our nation. You mark it down. You watch the confederation of churches and the Catholic unite together and watch what takes place. People who follow the pillar of fire will certainly have a rough time, a rough time. But they are ready for the translation at that time. Just ready to go for the lamb overcame them. say the Bible and them that follow him because they were called the chosen and the faithful the elected of God keep from getting into those prophecy now so we can run into this one. So when the the pressure will come those who have the Holy Ghost will go into the rapture. Amen. Going to skip few things here in order to save time. So the Catholic Church described in Revelation 17, it says, "There came one of the seven angels that had the seven vials and talked with me, saying unto me, come he will show unto thee the judgment of the great who see them upon many waters with whom the kings of the earth have committed adultery." Who's that system who the king has to go and bow to? Do you see kings go and bowing to any any any religious person in the world orthodox or Muslims or Hindi or whatever religion but when they go to Rome and bow themselves there and have to have a special picture with the pope and makes them special. Amen. So whom the king of the earth have committed fornication. inhabitants of the earth have made drunk with the vine of her fornication. So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness. And I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet colored beast full of names of blasphemy having seven heads and and 10 horns. And a woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color that Rome. Amen. And decked with gold and precious stones and pearls. Oh, we go to Vatican. Our honeymoon we went to Rome. But I was impressed and how how pre how beautiful it is. I Oh, the prophet was right. All the money, the all the gold that my So that woman was red in purple and scar and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup and a hand full of abomination and filthiness over fornication. Upon her forehead was a name written mystery Babylon the great the mother of harlot and abomination of the earth. She's a mother of denominations the mother of harlot people who are refusing the authority of the word of God. Amen. The high breeding the the word of God committing fornication with the world. Amen. Upon her forehead was the written mystery Babylon of the great the mother of harot and abomination of the earth. And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. And when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration. John before the revelation, before who the description that woman was, himself marveled how great she was. Oh, what a great church. Oh, what great work she has been doing. What great school she has done. What great hospital she has built. Oh, what a wonderful church. What a wonderful system. Oh, then God had to reveal to him that woman you see there. Oh, he's the one that would put all the kingdoms upon fornication. Which religious system controls nations and tongues, seduces kings, and is a red in purple and scarlet, is decked with silver and gold, and is drunk with the blood of the matter of Jesus, sits upon seven mountains. That city is called eternal city of seven hills. It's only Vatican Rome that shows that that that's why we point to see what the number is. If you see all the descriptions coinciding together, we have identified who that woman is. The Bible gives us a hint as well in Matthew 13 says the servant of the householder came and said unto him, sir, this not that saw did not that sow good seed in the field from Wednesday there come these tears? And he said unto them, "And enemy has done this." The servant said unto him, "Will thou then that we go and gather them up?" But he said, "No, lest while you gather up the tears, you root up also the wheat with them. Let both grow together until the harvest in the time of harvest. I will say to the reapers, gather ye together first the tears." So what the Catholic has been dying, that spirit started from Ephesians church all the way to Laia. In the same statue of the perfect man prophet put that say we went to the churches we saw what he did through the churches and that spirit has been working in the churches but you can be also a one-man organization one person organization if you're not careful that spirit will be working upon you as well it's the same spirit that tried to put people down they don't want to believe believers to come to realization of who they are they want to keep them lukewarm that's been manifest in the year where they want a Christian to become come lukewarm to not to know his position as a Christians but you have to have an experience of the batting of the Holy Ghost with fire in your life. Amen. So you are zealous for the things of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. And he says what you have to do them you have to bind the tears together first. That's what the churches have been doing all together. Let unite. Let unite. Let unite. Let be one. But you can't be one outside of the word of God. You have rejected the authority of the word of God. Now you are making compromise or you believe that you believe it's okay. We can just stay together. It's fine. I will accept you. I respect your opinion and everything. But it's okay. No, you have to be under the authority of the word of God. That's why they're gathering together. But at the same time as they're gathering together, it says bind them first by the bind to be burned. But gather the wheat into the barn. There is also another gathering happening here. Amen. For those we are here because we are being gathered here because one voice called us. Amen. Not a man called you. God called you. Is the voice of the bridegroom gathering the bride. We are under a voice that is gathering us. Amen. But it's not gathering us for the mark of the beast. Is gathering us be for the mark of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Thank God for the message of the hour. Thank God for the trumpet. Amen. Amen. Thank God for the voice that is shouting. The shout of the king. Amen. Is in the camp as we heard in in in Matthew 25. There was a cry a mid one midnight cried. Behold the bridegroom cometh. Amen. Go out to meet him. That same shout is shouting today this morning. Wake up. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The prophet says revelation chapter 4. This is outside of the context of the politics we are in in now. But just see what the prophet says. That's awful that the American Canada, you precious people from Canada, if Canada keeps going, if America keeps going on, Canada will be as low down as America after a while. Get around the borders of Canada anywhere and you got that American atmosphere. This America is the prostitute of the nations. Any American it's not against American. It's not any political things. Um that's exactly what she is. She's going to be worse than ever now. She's coming to her hand. The Bible speaks of a doom. Tells how she's going to be. America low down rotten filthy no good. is not talking about Christians, not talking about message believers. Talking about the spirit of the nations because it started with a good foundation, but now they rejected the word of God. That exactly right. She's been a great nation. She's carried the gospel message. What makes her the way she is because she has turned down the gospel message. She has rejected the truth. She's horrible. She's come She's got to She's got it coming. Don't worry. I seen it in a vision as thus say the Lord and that's not only Americans the Canadians or all the nations of the world African all as long as you reject the word of God you have rejected the way of escaping and but come back to the word of God but from these things you can realize I put another group here another just a parenthesis I put here because there is there is three there is three kind there are two marks that my titles there are two marks But there are three kinds of people, three classes of people. Yes. The prophet says secondly, there is another class that names exposition of the seven churches. Their names are also in the book of life and they will come up in the second resurrection. Sure are the foolish virgin and the righteous are as as are spoken of in Matthew 25. In this class also are those who do not worship the beast or become involved in the antichrist system but they die for their faith. So there are some foolish virgin and these ones are the wise virgins. Some people here they won't worship the beast but they don't have the Holy Ghost. They will die for their faith. By election there's something inside of them they'll say no that sound that doesn't sound right. what they are doing here doesn't sound right. I will stick with what I believe. Maybe they were not in contact with the message of the hour. They didn't rejected it. Just know it doesn't sound right. I cannot go this way. Some people are clean. They're virgins sanctified but they don't have the Holy Ghost. They're not having the full revelation that we have. And don't think that some Don't think that this is going to be easy. No, they're going to go to the great tribulation. The great tribulation takes all of them. Here should be in red. Does it make a little bit clear? The bride will not go into the great tribulation. She won't be punished. She will be in the kingdom. She'll be in the palace. She won't go through all the persecution the others will go. But these two will go through that great tribulation. And this one has to fight against the system. That's why they will be rewarded for eternal life as well. Being saved, but they will be our the servant to the bride. They will be serving the bride. But to give the life through that great tribulation is not an easy thing. The Holocaust will be something small compared to what they will go through. Very hard, very great punishment and persecution. I don't want anyone to go through this. Amen. Unfortunately, some people who have been virgin, they heard the message and but they were just slumber. They just neglecting and when they will see some of the people going, we don't want people, you know, why the why why the deacon is not here? Why the church? What's going on here? What what happened here? They changed the service. They cancelled the service. Oh, we are gone. They will be wondering what's going on here. I came one time to the service and heard once someone talking about this that these things will happen. Oh Lord, those people were right. Oh, I won't accept this one. Oh God, they will repent on that. They try to repent that everything. I know I will stay here. God, I might have mercy and spare them life. Amen. Some people don't know anything about the message of the hour, but they're just nice to you. They will be rewarded for that. And they won't be under this. Amen. But there is also a group and that way actually we should have emphasized more. First of all, we know that there is a group that have the Holy Ghost. It prophesies. We know most assured that the purpose of God stands in election. It was purpose in himself. It was God's purpose to bring forth a people like unto himself that will be a word bride. She was chosen before the foundation of the world in him. She was for non beloved before she was ever brought forth during the ages upon the earth. She was redeemed by his blood and can never come into condemnation. She can never be in the judgment because sin cannot be imputed unto her. Aren't you thankful that you are part of the bride? says Romans 4:8, "Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin, but indeed she shall be with him in his throne of judgment, judging the world and even angels." Her name and each one of her member was written in a section of the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Amen. As I'm closing in my message this morning, the prophet says that Holy Ghost ought to be the more important to you than everything else there is in the world. Amen. The Holy Ghost has to be more important to any one of us this morning than anything we can have in this world. The prophet says your prestige, your life, your job, your anything that there is, you should not cease until you have it. Until you have the Holy Ghost, you must receive it, says the prophet. It must be the most and didn't finish the sentence. But I I believe he wanted to repeat that. It must be the most important thing to you. And you say, well, I'm afraid they they at my work, they I'm afraid that my husband, don't be afraid. Let that be the first place. Amen. Let everything else go. Let that be first. Well, I expect to get it one of these days, brother Bam. Not one of these days. Now this is the time. Amen. Let it be first before I do anything else. Let me have it now. Let me become desperate. The prophet says desperate. That would help answer our question. When you get desperate for it, really got to have it or die, then it is when you are going to get it. Most of us, many people don't don't get desperate enough. They think it as a second option. No, it is the most important thing than anything else. Most important thing than our job, than our school, than our marriage, than anything else is the Holy Ghost. Amen. Why is it important? Because it is the inside teacher. Without it, we cannot see the kingdom of God. He's the comforter. He's the guide. He's the personal revelation to you. Amen. He's the seal showing eternal security. He's the ownership. He's the completion. He's the sign. is the covenant is the spirit of Jesus Christ in you. The Holy Ghost is everything. Amen. He is the only promise for the rapture. He's the only promise for the resurrection. He's the advocate is eternal life. Holy Ghost is everything. Amen. Amen. That's what I believe. And for those who are the holy who have the Holy Ghost, let me tell you the when you have the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost will fight for you when the pressure comes. Like in the book of acts when the holy ghost when the pressure came upon the disciples when they wanted to kill Peter the angel of the lord came and stood for him. Amen. The same thing when the pressure will come that we will we will feel a little bit of the pressure at the beginning before it becomes so intense. We will feel it a little bit at the beginning. Let me read what the prophet says. Says right at this time now it cannot he says right at this time now it just happened so it could identify it presence among you. He's talking about the third pool, but it will not be used in a great way until the council begin to tighten up. When it does, the Pentecostal and so forth can almost impersonate anything can be done. But when that time comes, when the squeeze comes down, then you'll see what you have seen temporally be manifested in the fullness of power. Amen. When you see the squeeze starts in there, then you will see the fullness of power of the third pool. Amen. That's why we talk about the third pool. That story is not a story is a reality. Amen. As you continue to say this is nothing else but the truth. You have the same faith as haty right. You have the same we have the same caliber as haty right. You have the same faith as I had to write. Amen. God will stand for you. Amen. I believe that with all my heart as he stood for for the disciple. As he stood for Peter as he stood for the three ch the three Hebrew children as he stood for Daniel. He will stand for you as well. Amen. And the same power, the same Christ, the prophet says, let the fundamentalist, let them people who deny the power of God say it's wrong. But the same power that spoke the world into existence is in those people that got the Holy Ghost. It's right. Men and woman, it's time that we find out who you are. I'm talking of those who are born again. It's important that you find out who you are. The devil is trying to hide you back, tell you that you are some little cow down something. You are not. You are sons and daughters of God. The deity is not in heaven. The deity is in you. Amen. Once you have the Holy Ghost, the deity is in you. God is standing for you. Amen. He's fighting your battle. Amen. Says, hallelujah. I know you think I'm crazy. Maybe people think I'm crazy, too. But let me tell you something, brother. When you realize that the almighty god lives in you, immortal life is in you. My life I give you zoe life. The life of God is in the human being. The life of God is in you. Amen. That's why the Holy Ghost is the most important thing more important than anything else. Is the earnest of our resurrection is the earnest of our rapture. Amen. Brother Bam says, "Brothers and sisters, I want you to ask you something. If we are born again of the Holy Spirit, God doesn't have little weak part and big strong part. Our feelings have some strong part and but when God fill you with the Holy Spirit, there is no weak part and strong part. God is strong part all the time. Says all together God if you had enough of God in you till it was just barely a shadow. Think about it. Just a shadow of God inside of you. But I'm saying it might be a little seed inside of you, but let it grow. Amen. Even if it's just a shadow, there's enough power to make a new earth inside of you. That's enough power to make a new moon, a new system. It's God. It's strong. Amen. And right now, every believer in here has life eternal, which is God's spirit in you. Enough power that will raise up the dead. How many believe that you'll have a resurrection? We part of the first resurrection says that enough power that will raise up the dead, that will heal the sick, that will set orbiting conditions, but you it's controlled by a law and that spirit that in you. Amen. But it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't belittle you. Amen. Because it's controlled by spirit. Says you are sons and daughters of God. The same spirit that you've got in you will raise yourself up at the day of the resurrection. Let's give a hand to the Lord this morning. Amen. Thank God for the Holy Ghost. Musicians can come. That's the call this morning. Ephesians 5:13 16 says, "But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light. For whosoever that make manifest is light, wherefore he say, awake thou that sleepeth, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light." See that when you walk circum circumspectly, not as fool, but as wise, redeeming the time, because the days are evil. Amen. You are not a foolish virgin. You are a wise virgin. Amen. You walk like wise. Amen. Redeeming the time. Amen. There are two ways. [Music] Set your wings. [Music] Oh, there are two roads you may take. One by side, oh, one by faith. Take the word of God over what you see. What you believe is what will be set your way. Let's stand together. holds you the wings of faith. You can fly. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by praise your wings to the wind of faith. What's your need? Oh, what's your need? Oh, why your cry? Oh, what's your mountain? Is it too much to high? Speak the word of God. Oh, speak the word of God. And by and by all you will fly. Set your wings. Set your wings through the wings of faith. You can fly. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It lives by grace. Send your wind to the winds of faith. Watch evil in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not for the power that makes him rise is already in the sky. Set your wings are set your way through the winds of faith. [Music] Oh, you can fly. You can fly in a higher place. You not struggle. [Music] It's by grace. Send your wings to the winds of faith. that the purpose of this message I believe we are all eagles should be on this stage but sometimes in our mind or in our way we think or way we we we live we live like we are part of here still struggling with different things sometimes stop here just a little bit of sanctified life and stop here but God is telling you are an eagle you can go all the way here. Set your wings. Amen. Cuz I've given you the word of God to make yourself ready for the rapture. You are a wise virgin. Don't live like someone from here or from here. I have predestinated you, ordained you to be healed. You can fly higher than the things of the world. Let's sing. I'll set my wings. Oh, set your I set my wings to the wings of faith. For I can fly in a higher place. I do not struggle. It's by grace. [Music] I set you to the winds of faith. As the music is playing softly, we bow our heads all of us. But maybe as a sign to defy the gravity, someone can raise his hand this morning. Lord, I decide, I'm resolved to follow you, Lord Jesus Christ. I want to set my wings, the winds of faith and believe your word. Father, accept your word and I surrender myself to you. I don't want to be struggling. I don't want to be having my ups and downs, the doubts sometimes. So, am I saved? I'm not saved or if the rapture comes today, am I going to be there? But Lord, help me to come to that place of resting place. You know where I'm raised my hand. Just say no one is looking at you but you with God. Lord, I want to come together. Father, Lord Jesus Christ, you know the hands have been raised this morning as the prayer of the introduction was made. Our brother Bla Father we desire a closer walk with you father today Lord that our desire today father if there is anyone young person old person whoever it might be which lady is lord I don't want to be the stage living as someone who's outside that inner place outside of that place where I can have fellowship with you I don't want to be living like under the mark of the beast or the people will be under the mark of the beast in the worldly things. Oh Lord, I don't even want to be living as just a foolish virgin, lukewarm, sleeping and putting things aside and being negligent and not focusing on what is going to give me the Holy Ghost or what father Lord as a even as a Christian father with the Holy Ghost they had to hear the shout of the midnight shout to wake them up. Father even though I'm a predestinated but in which state am I in? Am I still father sleeping? Am I still, oh Lord, maybe lukewarm? Am I maybe negligent? Oh God, help me. Lord, help me. Father Lord, help me to be filled with more of you, of the zeal of God, for the things of God. Father, to love you more, to have the passion for the things of God. Father Lord, revive me. Give me a revival, Lord. Give me the power of the Holy Ghost and fire. Oh Lord, make me more like you, oh God. I pray this morning. Father come Lord I pray Lord that I can love you more. I can love my brother. I can love my sister. Lord I can be so in tune with you. Lord bring me to the heaven. I can have a sweet harmony with you Lord. Lord I need more of you. Oh father come and visit us Lord this morning Lord we need you. Realize without the Holy Ghost we cannot face the challenge of the hour. Without the Holy Ghost we cannot face the challenge father in our families. We need more of you Lord. Fill us with that Holy Ghost. Fill us with more of revelation, God. Fill us with more of the love of God in our heart. We desire to set our wings, Lord, in the direction of of the winds of faith. Father, as we desire to walk higher and closer with you, our desire, Father, walk with us. Thank you for the promise that even if we have that shadow of you shadow of the Holy Ghost just a shadow how much more when we have that seed Lord reality substance faith no matter how little it might be Lord but help us to walk in that faith walking by faith just believing what you say Lord I'm walking with you as we heard on Wednesday unconscious of the things of the world father trials come I walk with you difficult times come I walk with with you. The things of the world come, I still walk with you, Father. No matter what the enemy puts, I still walk with you. The economy goes down, I still walk with you. Troubles come, I still walk with you, Father. I've been, oh Lord, criticized, I still walk with you. My desires to walk with you, Lord. Let it be experienced for each and every one of us. Father, we pray. Thank you for this morning. Thank for your people. Thank for their patience. Thank for their attention, Father. Thank you for help me to have grace and favor with them this morning. Bless your people. You know their needs. You know their jobs. You know, oh father the challenges they go to the family. Lord let the angel that we talked about that will stand for them. Let the angel be standing between the trouble and them. Father give them victory. Lord our loved ones those don't have an experience with you yet. Father we are standing here Lord as Abraham stood for. Lord Father we are praying for them Lord. visit them where they are and speak to their heart as well. Oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Bless your bride. Bless this the church Lord as we surrender ourself to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. On Christ the rock I stand. All others just sinking sand. Amen. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I cannot trust the sweetest friend. My holy meaning on Jesus name. On Christ the Sydney [Music] is holy seeking sand. When darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. [Music] Father is his love for me in the rounding all around my soul. He then is all I can say on Christ the soul rock and all other [Music] sand and he shall come with trumpet sound. Oh, may I dare him before Christ rest in his rightousness alone for you to stand before the on Christ the rock and stand the ground is sinking sand all the ground is sinking sand Just stand on the rock of the blood of Jesus Christ. Rock of revelation and what experience you have with God. We are going to sing. Just stand and we're closing grace. Grace as we that special just grace. Grace. May God give us perfect faith. Rapturing faith is the faith believing in the grace of God. Rapturing grace. Grace. Grace. God praise grace that to body [Music] with him. Praise grace. [Music] Grace that is greater than all. I'll sing once again. Oh praise. Grace, God's grace, grace that we and cleans with me. Grace, [Music] God's grace, grace that is greater than all our sin. going to brother I'm going to ask brother Dan to pray for us for closing service [Music] my Lord Jesus Christ we came here Lord to give you the honor that that you deserve Lord Lord we love you Lord Lord, and we want to be with you forever, Lord. Cuz Lord, there is no one like you. We put our life in your hands, Lord. Cuz we know, Lord, you're right. So Lord, we ask, Lord, to bless us all, Lord. Bless us Lord and protect us Lord wherever we may go Lord and we thank all of us your presence Lord we love you Lord in Jesus Christ's name amen once again grace and be dismissed oh grace Strength increase God's grace. Grace that [Music] within grace. Grace God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. God bless you richly. Dismissed. See you on Wednesday. Amen. [Music]
