################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-19 - [2025-10-19pm] Going Beyond The Sound Barrier | Br. Zachary Wallace - Br. Zachary Wallace - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-19
Title:   [2025-10-19pm] Going Beyond The Sound Barrier | Br. Zachary Wallace
Speaker: Br. Zachary Wallace
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZWlNfillnQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] There are two roads you may take. Oh, one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God for what you see. What you believe is what will be. Set your wings to the wind of faith. Oh, you can fly in a higher pain. [Applause] do not struggle for it is by grace. Set your wings to the wind of faith. Oh, and watch your lead. What's your cry and why your mountain that's much to [Music] just speak the word of God and by and by you will you will fly. Set your wings to the windless. Oh, you can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by set your wings to the wings of faith. Oh, I stay [Music] in the sun. He does not struggle. He does not try. And for the power that makes him rise is already in the sky. Set your wings to win the f you can find in your place. Do not struggle. It's by grace [Music] to the wings of faith. Hallelujah. We'll ask brother Jay to come open up our service in a word of prayer. [Music] Let's pray. Heavenly Father, it's just good to be in your presence again this evening, Lord. And Lord, I just pray that each one of us have brought something, Lord, into this house this evening, Lord, to strengthen each other, Lord. Maybe, Lord, just to be in your presence, Lord. And just draw from you this evening, Lord, as you pour back into us, Lord. And Lord, we ask that you, Lord, just meet each need for each person here tonight, Lord. Lord, strengthen the the people, Lord. And we just ask that our faith would be increased this evening, Lord, to receive what we have need of. And Lord, we just want to place it in your hands. Ask your perfect will to be done, Lord. And Lord, ask that Lord, you just come by our way this evening, Lord, and meet every need, Lord Jesus. We commit it all to you in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. I was thinking about this song is springing it on. Now I don't know what key it's in. And I was a wrench. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Oh, and sin separated. The bridge was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your side. And so you made a way across the great divine left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. Oh, and there at the cross we pray the dead I broke my chains free my soul. For the first time I had Thank you Jesus for the blood of mine. Thank you Jesus. You have me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. [Music] Oh, and you took my place, laid inside my tomb of s. You were buried for three days. But then you walked right out again. And now death has no ste and life has no wind. And for I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the blood of hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious. You took my place. [Music] You took my place inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days and then you walked right out of the hill and my death has no se life has no way over. I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the life of Thank you Jesus. [Music] Thank you Jesus who has my life brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Hallelujah. And as the deer plants for the water so my soul long after thee. Oh, and you alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. For you alone are my strength and to you alone. as my spirit [Music] and you are all my heart desire and I long to worship thee. Oh, and you're my friend. And you are my brother. Lord, you are my king. I will do. I want you more than any other so much more than anything. Oh, for you alone are my [Music] and to you alone. of my spirit in you. Oh, and you alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Oh, and I want you more and more for silver only. You can say it is fine. Oh, and you are the real joy giver and the eye of my God. Glory to you I streng my sheep and to you as my spirit. [Music] You are alone, but my heart is higher and I know to worship. Let's sing it again. your hearts. Lord, you are [Music] my sheep and to you I love my spirit. Oh, and love on my heart desire and I love to worship thee. He came to live in perfect life. He came to He came to be the living word of life. He came to die so we'd be recalled. He came to rise to show his power. That's why we praise him. Oh, and that's why we sing. Oh, and that's why we offer our everything. [Music] That's why we bow down and worship this king. Cuz he gave his everything. Does he gave his everything? Oh, and he came to live in us again. He came to be our breaking and friend. He came to heal and show the lost his blood. He came to prepare a place for us. That's why we praise him. Oh, that's why we sing and that's why we offer him our everything. [Music] That's why we bow him and we worship this king. Cuz he gave his everything. Oh, cuz he gave his everything. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Oh halle hallelu. [Music] Oh halle hallelu. [Music] Oh hallelu. [Music] That's why we praise him. And that's why we sing. And that's why we offer him our everything. That's why we bow down. We worship this king. Cuz he gave his name. Oh, cuz he gave his hand. Corinthians, let's sing holly again. Oh halle hallelu. Oh halle hallelu. Oh hallelu hallelu. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's why we praise him. Oh, and that's why we sing. And that's why we offer him our everything. That's why we bow and we worship this king. Cuz he gave his hand. Oh, cuz he gave his. [Music] Hallelujah. I ask Sister Iris and friends to come with her special Just sing along if you know this and enter in. [Music] There is a long a raging tempest only you can still my soul is thirsting Lord to know you as I'm known. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your race. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper love. Sunrise to seek your face. Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart has found in you a hope that will abide here in your presence forever sisi. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. How I long to be deeper in love. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; We don't have any announcements or requests put up outside of the ones that we mentioned this morning. We want to remember brother Matthew who's out and brother Billy who's in London and brother Daniel as we mentioned this morning and we've got a lot of needs. We're a needy people. We're so thankful that regardless of how many needs we have, God never gets tired of our requests. &gt;&gt; In fact, he invites us to ask of him anything. &gt;&gt; There's nothing too great for him. He's always got an answer. May the brothers are taking the tithes and offerings. Please come up. Ask brother Andrew to come and pray for these How many has a need tonight that you just want to make known? You know, God's here for us. And uh I thank God that God has different gifts and they come to nourish us and strengthen us by the word of promise. And you know, I I thank God even hearing remembering that there was a worthy one. And that's who we're going to look to right now in prayer for these needs and for your need. You know, it's because of Calvary that opened the door for the benefits. And so, let's let's think about what price was paid that we can receive what we have need of in this moment. Let's join our faith together, our voices together, our hearts together. Let's believe. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a privilege it is, oh God, for us to come into your house again, Lord, to Lord, recognize that you desired to meet with us and fellowship with us. And Lord, to make known your promises, Lord, and Father, we're such a needy people, Lord. We heard these requests, Lord. Our hearts are desirous to see you move on this scene, Lord, to bring about, oh God, the power that was spoken of this morning, Lord, to see the light of the gospel alive and well. Father, we commit the needs, Lord, the traveling ones of Brother Paul and brother Sergio. We pray you bless them as well. And Lord, as we oh God, prepare our hearts, Lord. And just unear an expectation to hear from you again today, Lord. May, oh God, meet the needs of every heart, Lord. And Lord, we just desire to draw even closer even as the songs were sung, Lord. We just want to have an atmosphere that you could come and deal with the our hearts personally. Lord, help us together, Lord, as we commit the service, the man of God, the offerings, and the tithes. Lord, may oh God go further further of your kingdom. As we commit ourselves, Lord, hear our hearts cry, Lord, and come and dine with us. Father, meet every need. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. songs. I just don't know what keys they're in. So if you see a delay, it's because of me. And I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my hand. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I have made. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. Oh, in darkness now. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as my friend. and I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, [Music] all my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. Oh, I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. Oh, in darkness. [Music] You are close like no other. When I've known you as a father, I know you as a friend. Oh, and I have live in the goodness of God. Oh, all my life. You have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I have made. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, and I will sing of the goodness of God. Again. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. How great the chasm that lay between us. How high the mountain I could not cry. Oh, in desperation I turned to heaven and spoke your name into the light. [Music] Then through the darkness your loving kindness for through the shadows of my soul. Oh the work is finished. The end is written. Oh Jesus Christ by [Music] what you could imagine. So great of mercy. What marked your father. Oh such powerless grace. The God of fes stepped down from glory to empath [Music] has spoken. Oh I am forgi. Oh the king of kings. He is, oh Lord. Oh beautiful Savior, I'm yours forever and Jesus Christ my home. Oh hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. [Music] Death has lost his people. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name, Jesus Christ, my love. Then came the morning and seen Christ. Your merry body oh began to breathe. Oh, out of the silence, the royal [Music] [Applause] that came the morning that the pro [Music] body begin You breathe. Now the silence the light [Music] has fall. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Praise the father who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost his spirit on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name, Jesus Christ, my name. Oh, hallelujah. Lord, you set me free. Hallelujah. [Music] Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let's all stand. &gt;&gt; We invite brother Zachary out. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; He truly is our living hope. He's the only one. &gt;&gt; He thought it not robbery to leave his throne and come down and take our place. Our prophet says he became us so that we might become him. Let's sing. In Christ alone, my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my song. In Christ alone my hope is found. He is my light, my strength. My soul, this cornerstone, this solid ground firm through the fiercest ground and stone. What hides some of? What depths of peace? When fears are still, when striving, thy comfort, my ally love. Here in the love of Christ, I stand. in Christ alone who took our flesh. Fullness of God in helpless faith. This gift of love and righteousness and scored by the one he came to save. who on that cross as Jesus died. The wrath of God was sisfied for every sing of Christ. By the merry ground in the ground his body laid by the world my heart is slain in mercy glorious name from the grave he rose again and as he stands in victory Glory stress has lost his me. For I am his and he is mine in the precious blood of Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Our gracious father, truly we are the purchased of the blood of the lamb. Lord, our hearts just are lifted with joy knowing those things. We ask you to bless us this evening, Father, as we receive more of your word, Father, directing our path, Father, encouraging us along the way, Father, making known to us your power and your benefits. We certainly long to have more of you, Father. to overcome that we might reflect more of you. We ask for your mercy and grace in this. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Enjoyed the service this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. A God that's alive. &gt;&gt; Amen &gt;&gt; and real. And you know, just think the a word is a thought expressed. And so when God had his thoughts, he expressed them to us and then he backed it up with a promise. &gt;&gt; And you know, and that's what that's what it is is believing every promise of God's word. And he's not only he just didn't make the promise and go away. You know, that sounds like me. you know, I I promise you something and then I'll take off and I won't be found anywhere to carry out the promise. But he made the promise, paid the price for everything that would keep you from that promise, then rose from the dead to be here &gt;&gt; to bring that promise to pass. My, that's just like a that's a good program right there. That's something I can believe in. Amen. Not a God that's forsake us, but a God that's with us. because he said, "I'll be with you even in you till the end." He I will not leave you nor forsake you. And so we can certainly are are grateful for that. And so it's graceful to have our brother with us again this evening and to bring the word of the Lord. So we'll just turn it over to him and if he has a song he'd like to sing, we'll let him sing. He sounded like he had a pretty good voice to me. So, but Zachary, it's been a a pleasure, my brother, and hope to see more of you through God's time. Lord bless you this evening. Thank you for being here. &gt;&gt; You know, I look forward to spending a lot of time together, Brother David. &gt;&gt; When uh when you won't be you won't be old and I won't be young. We'll just all be the same. Time won't mean anything. Age won't mean anything. Be in the glories of God. So, I I I don't have a song right now. Um I I wasn't thinking that direction. It took me by surprise, but uh uh I I'll just go ahead and go into the word and uh I'll I'll uh I'll ask our brother Ben to have a song ready when we're finished. So, uh, if we could just turn in the Bible to, uh, the book of Romans, we'll read a portion of scripture there. And, you know what? Let's, let's go to Hebrews uh, 13. That that scripture in Romans is is later in my I'll get to it a little bit later. Hebrews 13 and verse 11. a little bit after that very familiar scripture that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And so, but just after that, he says here, Hebrews 13:11. We'll read a portion there, but bring you greetings from my family. I did fail to mention that I I do have a wife back home and five children. So, the Lord's been good to me and uh enjoying many blessings. Hebrews 13:11 says, "For the bodies of those beasts whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin are burned without the camp. Wherefore Jesus also that he might sanctify the people with his own blood suffered without the gate. Let us go therefore go forth therefore unto him without the camp bearing his reproach. If we could just pray. Lord Jesus, we just ask that you would anoint your word to our hearts this evening. Lord, there's there's nothing I could say that would be a help to your people. There's nothing I could do. But Father, if you'll come down and you'll just speak your words, Lord, that's what we're looking for and that's what we have need of, Father. for you are not only aware of the needs that are in this building but you have the supply for every one of them. So we just want to welcome you and we want you to be glorified and to have your way among us this evening in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Can be seated this evening. Glad to see some of you are taking them gospels and make it back to church. That's good. And uh I I want to take a little thought on uh going beyond the sound barrier. But uh before we get to going beyond the sound barrier, I I almost want to just stop and say going beyond the sound because there's a lot of noises. There's a lot of there's a lot of sound. There's a lot of voices out there that would try to hold you back and that would try to limit you from going beyond. &gt;&gt; And the prophet of God, he preached a whole sermon on going beyond the camp. And tremendous sermon. I I've been enjoying it lately, going beyond the camp. But I I just want to look at at this thought of you really like going beyond the sound of of what other people would say. Going beyond the sound of what other people would think. And because we're not really worried what other people were thinking or what other people are going to say. What I'm concerned about is what does my Lord think? What does my Lord say? That's that's who I'm here to please and that's who I'm here to glorify. And so let everything else just be secondary but that. And so, you know, in the Old Testament, they had the the the tabernacle and they had the three courts and and if you were in the outer court, you know, it was a blessing to be there. The mana was falling. It was a good place. They had a a brazen altar and they had a a lather where they washed the sacrifice and it was good. But there was an even greater place where you could step into the holy place and you're there with the the showbread and you had the light from the manora candlestick. wasn't just dependent on on the sun shining or the clouds not being there. There was a there was a greater walk that could be had and it was a little bit better. It was a little farther and that's good. But then there was a place where that that high priest could go and he could step beyond the veil. He could step through the barrier. He could have a breakthrough personally and he'd step into a place where he was in the presence of the shakina glory. He'd go beyond every man-made tradition, every man-made thing until he was just him in the presence of the shikina glory and the word. Oh, that's where I want to be. That's where I want to live. And the prophet of God tells us something special about that place. He says in that dimension, in that place, in that holiest of holies, they could hear the bell ringing from inside of there saying, "Holy, holy, holy." He says, "But it was built in such a way, it was a supernatural way that you could not hear anything from outside. It was soundproof to the things outside. And if you can ever get yourself locked away in the holiest of holies where it's just you in the shakina glory, it doesn't matter what grandpa said anymore. It doesn't matter what some denominational person said somewhere. What matters is you're in the presence of your Lord Jesus Christ." If you can get into that place where the sound of this world doesn't affect you anymore, you're getting somewhere. &gt;&gt; And now I I want to take us back to that to you because that that Old Testament, we seen that it was a type. It was a representation. But it was once a year that he would go in there because the way hadn't been made yet. But my Lord Jesus Christ came a way maker and he made a way. And it was through his own body. His own body was tore apart that he might make a way for us to enter into that holiest of holies so that we could enter in there. And it wasn't just something that could be done once a year, but a person could live and dwell in the presence of almighty God. And so because there is a way made in this hour that that we could enter into that. I want to look at the the start of that which was the day of Pentecost because that's where the the church got started got inaugurated on and and in Acts chapter 2 I I know you're familiar with it but I'm not here to tell you anything new. So, we're just going to continue on in Acts chapter 2 here. It says, "When the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came from heaven as of a a rushing mighty wind, a sound, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as a fire, and it sat upon each of them." A and I just want you to notice here where many times the the Pentecostal denomination, I mean, let's just establish this real quick. There's a great difference between Pentecost and a Pentecostal religion. There's a whole great big difference. Now, I am Pentecostal, but I'm not Pentecostal by organization. I'm not Pentecostal by joining a church. I am Pentecostal by experience because I'm a part of what these apostles had here back in that day. And and and if you notice though, there first there comes a sound of a rushing mighty wind. That's good. That's fine. &gt;&gt; I I've heard it. I enjoy it. &gt;&gt; It's wonderful. But there's more. and and there was a mighty wind came through and it filled all the house where they are sitting. And there appeared under them cloven tongues like as a fire. That's wonderful. I I haven't had the privilege of of seeing the pillar of fire with my personal eyes. Uh not not in a natural sense, but I have seen it in a recorded sense that was recorded by God for my benefit and I'm appreciative of that, you know, and I'm thankful that, you know, I recognize when the pillar of fire is is coming through a building. That's wonderful. And if I could see it, I'd be thankful and that's good. But there's more. There's more than just having the Holy Ghost come and and that pillar of fire and it and it sat upon each of them. And that's wonderful. I love feeling the Holy Ghost come on my body. There is nothing this flesh enjoys more than getting into the presence of God because that's what I was created for. Angels were created in heaven to worship God. And that's what their purpose was. God created man and he placed something inside of him. I don't care if he's a pygmy over in Africa somewhere or if he's over in India. He is going to worship because it's something God placed within him. And you were created to worship God. There's something inside of you. I don't care if you if you don't realize it, you don't accept it. There's something in you that's calling out for worship to the one who created you. And when I get to do what he created me for, when I get to get in his presence and say, "God, you're worthy. I love you, Lord. I want to praise you." It just is so wonderful because I'm fulfilling part of my purpose. Oh, Adam in the Garden of Eden, he'd get with the he'd get there and they'd come down and he would just enjoy that fellowship in the cool of the evening, walking with the with the Lord Jesus in the pill cool of the evening. That was the privilege Adam had. And in this day, we have the restoration of all things so that man once again can have fellowship with their creator. &gt;&gt; Oh, and I enjoy it. &gt;&gt; I enjoy feeling his presence. It's wonderful. But there's more. And it says that that sat on each one of them and they were filled with the Holy Ghost. Now, don't stop short of that. You know, if the rushing mighty wind comes through here, praise God. But there's more. If you see the pillar of fire, praise God. I'm glad for any experience you had. Wonderful. If you feel the presence of God anointing your body till you stagger around like a drunk person, praise God. But whatever you do, make sure you go all the way and get filled with the Holy Ghost because that's what will take you into rapture. That's what's going to get you out of here is when you've been magnetized to that great magnet of the Holy Ghost. And and he says they were each one filled with the Holy Ghost. And and they began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance. And and and all the Jews round about began to hear what's going on. What what's going on with this this bunch of people? And and they were amazed. And they began to hear every man speaking in their own tongue. And and there was this great stir throughout the city. And I pray God that this city of Dallas gets a stirring where they began to ask a question. What's going on in that little church over there? Do they have they all lost their mind? They all gone crazy. What's happened to them people? What what's going on? And they begin to say, "No, they're just a bunch of holy rollers. They're just a bunch of fanatics. You know, they're just been they got on some kind of a new substance. I don't know what it is, but it makes them act crazy. It's called the Holy Ghost. It'll do something to you that this world could never touch. There isn't a drug out there. There isn't an addictive substance. There isn't an alcohol or a wine that can do for you what the Lord Jesus Christ will do for you. He is the satisfying portion. &gt;&gt; And you know, I've never tried any of that stuff. &gt;&gt; I didn't have to. &gt;&gt; When you got the genuine, why would you take a substitute? When you got a satisfying portion, you're not looking for something else. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, and they began to go staggering around and and they said, "These men are drunk on and they began to criticize him. They began to mock them." And they said, uh, and and and uh verse 12, he said, "And they were all amazed and were in doubt and saying one another, what meanth this? What's going on with these people?" And they were all amazed and were in doubt, saying to another, "What meanth this?" And others started saying, "I want this, too." Is that what it says? Others saying, "Oh, I wish I could be." No, they just started making fun of him. They said, "Oh, these these people are just drunk. They're all drunk on some kind of a new wine." And they were. And Peter stood up with the 11 and he said, "Listen, they're not drunk the way you're thinking." He says, "They're not drunk. They're drunk on a revelation of the personal a personal revelation of Jesus Christ. They're drunk on something that every one of you needs to get intoxicated with. And and he says, "They're not drunk as you suppose, but this is the fulfillment of prophecy. This is what God said he would do, and he's doing it." &gt;&gt; Oh, brothers and sisters, God sent the Holy Ghost because he promised to. &gt;&gt; He promised to send it, and he's a God who is faithful to his word. And so, I speak to you. You say, "You desire to receive the Holy Ghost. God promised it. You want a refilling of it. The dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Brother says in message ashamed. He says because you know there was a lot of people who were ashamed of of that Pentecostal outpouring of and there's people to this day that are still ashamed to be identified as Pentecostal. I'm not a Pentecost is not a dirty word. That's my heritage. That's my that's my fathers of the faith. And I I believe for everything that they stood for and I'm not ashamed of it one little bit. And he says here in 1965, ashamed he said, "Whosoever is ashamed of me and my word and he and his word are one." So being ashamed of his word in this sinful present generation, I'll be ashamed of him. Now notice today if somebody says, "Are you a Christian?" It's it's very popular thing to say, "Oh, I'm a Christian." See, but do you believe the word of God where it said these signs shall follow them that believe? Oh, even ministers will blush. Are you ashamed of say divine healing? Are you ashamed of the full gospel? Are you ashamed of your Pentecostal experience? That's being ashamed of his word. That's his word made flesh in you. &gt;&gt; Oh, brothers and sisters, I'm not ashamed of my Pentecostal experience. I am enjoying the benefits of Jesus Christ's resurrection because he lives. I can live also because he lives. He's living inside of me. And I have experienced what they experienced there in the book of Acts. I'm blessed and enjoying my Pentecostal experience because it's the word being made flesh in me. &gt;&gt; Oh, the devil the devil will try to make you ashamed of that. The devil will try to shut that down. He'll try to put it behind some kind of tradition of of barriers of creeds and dogmas and say that's not for you. That was for another day. That was for the apostles. That was for I don't care what it is he's trying to say. Don't you listen to one word of it. That's your inheritance as a member of the body of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Jude, he said, "Brethren, I'm giving diligence to write to you that you should contend. You've got to fight for this. You've got to contend and fight for the faith that was once delivered to the saints because the enemy is coming in and he's trying to take away from you what the original church actually had. Now I I'm getting a lot of this inspiration from a sermon that I really enjoy. It's called Why I am a holy roller. Anybody all heard that sermon? &gt;&gt; Who else heard that sermon? Why I am a holy roller? All right. Hey, it's a good one. And uh I was down in uh down in the uh in Nicaragua one time and I was we were driving up uh well we were actually up on a river and I was just sitting there and and it's it gets a little bit lengthy sometimes riding and is that Shiloh? God bless you. Sorry that took me back uh a long ways back to when we were younger. Anyway, uh I was riding in this uh this river boat and you're in that river boat for seven, eight hours and you're riding on a 2x4. &gt;&gt; It just is not very comfortable, you know. And so I was like, I got to do something to endure this this suffering. And so I found a I got my earbuds out and I put it in and I began to listen to this this message of why I am a holy roller. And you know, I got to feeling pretty good. And that 2x4 got to just kind of going off into the background. I wasn't paying attention to it anymore. But I I was listening to that and when we came out of there, we we went to a a youth camp out there in the city. And and when we got there, I I began to realize because I I started preaching on this this thought of why I'm a holy roller. And and I realized I'd been at that youth camp. It'd be about 10 years back now when I'd met my first holy roller. And I I I actually I wasn't sure what was going on because there was there was a the group of young people up at the altar and they were just really calling out to God for for a a baptism of the Holy Ghost. And they they them young people got down on their knees and they began to pray and they prayed for one hour and then they prayed for two hours and they just kept on going. I remember one sister, she'd come up, she knelt down right there at the front and she grabbed a hold of the corner of the pulpit like she was holding on to the horns of the altar and she wouldn't let go until she got what she desired. You know, when the church gets to hungering, when a church gets to hungering for the outpouring of the spirit of God, God's going to be there to meet that hunger and that desire. And them young people, I seen them get changed and filled with the Holy Ghost. And and just a couple months ago, I was down there and I met a sister. She says, "10 years ago, I was in that meeting and God filled me with the Holy Ghost." And my life's always been changed from that moment on. And that's why we're preaching, friends. We're preaching to see lives that are changed, that can be touched by the power of Almighty God. And I I was in that service and and we were I was looking I was watching over things and kind of praying with different ones and and they were all just kneelled down just crying out to God and and the piano player was playing until the power of God struck her and she just jumped up and started dancing off across the building. We didn't have any piano player and and you know but it was all right. The presence of God was there and and when the spirit of God's moving, it's all right. Don't get worried. Don't get worked up. The spirit of God's in control. He's still on the throne and he knows what he's doing. and and I seen this young man just rolling all over the floor and I'm like, "Well, I don't know what this is, but we better go check on it, you know, and and so he was just rolling all over the place and and he was just screaming and I'm just like, my, you know, that's quite a quite a case." And and so I I don't speak Spanish very well. And so I'm trying to listen to what he's saying. And I asked the brother, I said, "What what's he saying?" Because he was just yelling it out again and again and again. And the brother listened. He's like, "Oh, he's saying, "I'm so happy. I'm so happy." I said, "Leave him alone. I I I I met my first holy roller there, and he he was having himself a time." And you know what? If some of you could have a time like that where you got under the power of the anointing of the Holy Ghost and got so happy you didn't know what to do with yourself, it wouldn't hurt you none. And so I I I was there and I I I remembered back when I was listening to the sermon, I was like, I actually met a holy roller one time. And he was over there laying on the floor just having himself a time. And and so I was listening to this sermon when I was when I was over there right where that church was. And so I I went ahead and preached on why I am a holy roller in the place where I met a holy roller. And and uh but I I listened to that sermon. I just want to share with you some of the the things I I I I snagged from that. I just wrote down some notes. I don't have time to really get into all of it tonight, but but there's just a lot of good things in that sermon. And and and that he says first out to start it out, he says, listen, he says, there's no church that has a church name called Holy Roller. There's no organization I found that has a church name called Holy Roller. He says, it's just a name to try and shame the people of God. &gt;&gt; And uh he he was showing how it's just the enemy trying to put a reproach. You see, there's always been a reproach for the cause of the word. There's always been a reproach for those people who are the true, genuine, Holy Ghost fililled children of God. There's a reproach that goes with that. &gt;&gt; And that's all right. &gt;&gt; They reproached him. &gt;&gt; There's a reproach for the cause of the word. You look at Jesus Christ sitting over there in the corner with dirty feet. Reproach. &gt;&gt; Because he didn't come the way their denomination thought he ought to come. But &gt;&gt; you know that woman came over and she took the dust off of his feet and she put it in her hair and wiped it off and she used her glory to bear his reproach and he took her sin. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's worth it to bear the reproach for the cause of Christ. But but this this sermon, why I am a holy roller, I I just jotted down about nine different uh bullet points from it. And the things I I I walked away from there was one, the prophet of this age was a holy roller. He said, "I am a holy roller." And the faith once delivered to the saints was holy roller religion. The sons of God before the foundation of the world were holy rollers. The children of Israel following a vindicated prophet led by a pillar of fire seen their enemies defeated and they were holy rollers. David, a man after God's own heart, seeing the word being brought back to its position, became a holy roller. The apostles were holy rollers. You will either be a holy roller or you'll be an unholy roller. Take your pick. You'll either be a fool for Christ or you'll be a fool for a basketball team somewhere. &gt;&gt; You'll either be a fool for for sports or for politics or or something like that and and do some crazy thing. And here's the thing. You go to a basketball game and you shout and you scream and you holler and you make yourself a fool for the basketball team and they might lose. Half the time they do. &gt;&gt; Somebody loses. &gt;&gt; But my Lord Jesus has never lost a battle. &gt;&gt; I'll be a fool for him. I'll be a fool for Christ. You can call me a holy roller, but my God's never lost a battle. I'm cheering on the side that's going to win. Malachi 4 shall turn the heart of the children back to the their day of Pentecost holy roller fathers. &gt;&gt; Then the last little point I put down here, he said I I put down listening to how brother Brandham described everything and I just said the reason I want to be a holy rolly roller is because my God deserves to be worshiped with abandonment. He deserves to be worshiped without reservation. He deserves to be worshiped without without pride or thought of self. I'm not here to worship God so you can be impressed. I'm not here to worship God so that you can say, "Oh, wow. Look at how good he sings or look at how I don't care who's in the building. I'm not here to worship you. I'm here to worship my Lord Jesus Christ. He is the one that's worthy of my praise. He's the one that's worthy of my worship. And I'm not going to let any noise from any denomination, any dogma, anything try to keep back my worship to my Lord Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; because he's worthy of it. &gt;&gt; Oh, our desire as a church should be to let God have his way among us, for Christ to have preeminence, for the spirit of God to have liberty to move among us and to be welcome. The spirit of God should be welcome to move, not restrained. &gt;&gt; Because it's an antichrist spirit that tries to keep back the moving of the spirit &gt;&gt; because the spirit of God is the Holy Ghost and and the the antichrist spirit. It just very simple antichrist. He's against the spirit. He don't like it. It really messes up his kingdom. You know, the prophet of God said in in the sermon, the power of God, he said, uh, he says, you know, pet Peter on the day of Pentecost preached and and 3,000 souls came in, he says, and the devil never even moved over in bed. He says, but then a few days later at the gate, beautiful. He says when he raised a paralytic man, he said all hell turned loose. He says the devil hates it when you preach divine healing. He hates it when the power of God is displayed. Well, if the devil don't like it, then that's what I want to be doing. I want to tell you there's power in the name of Jesus Christ to heal every sick person, there's power in the name of Jesus Christ to raise you up and give you everything that you have need of. There is power and it's in my Lord Jesus. And he's here right now to release his power in your life. &gt;&gt; And if that makes the devil mad, then that makes me happy. [Music] Now, restoration of the bride tree, a sermon I'm sure you're all familiar with. Brother Brandham, he he talks about how the first thing that happens was was a palmer worm came in. He says, and he says, "And that little bug came in and it began to destroy the fruit of the tree." &gt;&gt; And he began to show how the first thing it began to eat at was the joy. &gt;&gt; He says it come in and he says, "Now you go back in the history and you see the first thing was a dignified group got among the common people. And you know what they began to say? Well, you know, we got to make this a little bit nicer. I mean, how am I going to go and bring my colleague from work to a group that's a bunch of holy rollers? How am I going to present them to a a religion like this? And and so he says they they said, "Well, we ought to get it out of where the bigger class of people can understand it and the better class and the mayor and the judges and so forth and and the dignitaries of the city. And as long as you all are carrying on the way you are, they'll never come around." See, they're afraid of you. You know why? Because it's the old time Holy Spirit. And the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. But it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. But the devil don't like it. And so they were trying to change the church to make a lukewarm spirit comfortable in the house of God. But that's not what we're interested in doing. We want to make the Holy Ghost welcome in the church, not some kind of a dignified spirit of a devil. &gt;&gt; That Palmer worm began to eat away at the fruit of joy. That's what he began to attack. First thing, first attack, get at the joy. If he can get away from to get the joy out because the joy of the Lord is your &gt;&gt; Wouldn't you like to fight against somebody that didn't have any strength? &gt;&gt; Kind of makes it easy. &gt;&gt; Kill their joy. &gt;&gt; You need to fight for your joy, brothers and sisters. &gt;&gt; The devil is trying to take your joy and he's trying to destroy it. He's trying to try and take that out of your life because when you lose that joy, you become weak. But when you can hold on to that joy of the Lord, there's something about it. The joy of the Lord just puts a strength in your life. It puts a strength in your arm to take that sword and take his head off. &gt;&gt; But the devil, you know, the devil's not an idiot. You know, he's been defeated. He's been stripped of every power. He's been he's been everything's been taken out of his hand, his abilities, his or his uh his weapons. He's been stripped by Jesus Christ. So, he's a defeated foe with no weapon. And so, he has to sit there and try to come up with an attack against a people that have been well equipped by the power of God. &gt;&gt; So, he tries to convince them to lay aside the word, lay aside the power, lay aside the joy, lay aside because then if he can get you stripped down of everything God gave you, well, he can handle that. &gt;&gt; But I ain't laying down for no devil. Amen. &gt;&gt; He says over here in a deceived church by the world, he says, "Where is our power? Where is our glory?" And now I want you to recognize that I'm talking he's talking to a people who had rejected the message of the hour in in in a big picture. That's what he's speaking to. And he's calling to them that they they should have recognized it. But if you can recognize the trans the opposite of that, if they rejected the word and it stripped them of their power, if you receive the word, you're receiving deity, which is omnipotence. &gt;&gt; Now he says, where is our power? Where is our glory? Where is it? Because we went after a wisdom of man instead of the power of God. Why? They got our preachers and things so stiff and starchy till they're organized. Till we're so starchy and stiff necked. Till people, you never hear a shout in the church no more. You never hear anybody cry. The mourner's bench is put in the basement and there's no more glory in the church. And all we do is just sit back just as stiff as we can be. And and we're not free. We're bound. The devil with his modernistic demons has bound the church of the living God. That's right. This is in a parallel of Samson is how he's bringing this out. He says there's no more powers in the church. There's no more freedom. The people are so starchy and stiff. Why? The God can come in the midst of Pentecostal people and show that he's God and prove his signs of his resurrection. It don't even shake them. Oh, glory. Why? It's a disgrace. I walk across the country, God working, performing signs, and people sit and say, "Well, I guess that's all right. Oh, I know it can be done." It doesn't move them. Why? They're bound with Delilah. The world they're in feathers. But I refuse to be bound by demons of modernistic religion that try to keep me from moving under the power of almighty God. When I see what God did in this generation, when I see the power of God that was released and showed the manifestation of the son of man, it does something to me, brothers and sisters. It begins to move me. It puts a joy in my heart to know the hour that I'm living in. There is a power and a reality in this message that it does not leave you sitting in some kind of a Delilah feeds. It raises you up under the power of the spirit. &gt;&gt; Bound by modernistic demons. &gt;&gt; Not this one. &gt;&gt; No sir. I believe in liberty. I believe in the freedom to yield to the spirit. Now, now people get this mixed up idea in America especially about liberty because it's one of the few countries where we actually have it. But you know, they think liberty means I get to do whatever I want. &gt;&gt; No. No. Because you might want to do something that's going to hurt somebody else. That's not what liberty means. Liberty doesn't mean you get to run over and kick somebody in the shins. That's not liberty. Liberty is the freedom to do what's right. That's what liberty actually is. And that's why in the government of man, it's such a conflict because nobody knows what's right. But this nation was established based off of the premise that God's word was right. And they had a biblical foundation for this nation. And because they established it on that, we actually had true liberty because the people were permitted to do what was right. Now, in the church of the living God, liberty doesn't mean you get to run over and kick somebody in the shins. Liberty doesn't mean you get to do just whatever you want. Liberty means you have the freedom to yield to the spirit of God. It means when he comes down, he's allowed to do whatever he wants. &gt;&gt; And there's vessels that are willing to let him flow through their life. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I believe we need to be flexible. You go into the Palmerworm and the locust and brother Ram Tar's talking about them trees and how there was a group of trees that were really stiff and cold and formal. He says, "But there were some other ones that were flowing and flexible and yielding. When the spirit of God would come down and move, they would just jump and they'd move and they'd flow with the moving of the spirit." &gt;&gt; Oh, brothers and sisters, we need to be flexible however God wants to move. We're not here to say, "God, you have to come down and make everybody speak in tongues." No, no, no, no. You're putting my God in a box, and he don't live in a box. You say, "Oh, well, God, you got to come down and you got everybody make everybody weep at the altar." Well, my God just doesn't work inside of a box. He doesn't work inside of your program. He's an omnipotent God and he does it his own way. He's a sovereign God. But if he wants to come down and make everyone in this church speak in tonesues, then I'm going to be one that says, "Lord," then I'll speak in tonesues. If he wants to come down and he wants to give every one of you your joy shoes today, then I say, "Let him have his way." He's at liberty to do what he wants in the church of the living God. There's a lot of places that won't make him welcome. There's a lot of places that won't give him the liberty to do what he wants to do. &gt;&gt; But brothers and sisters, this bride of Jesus Christ, she is yielded to his will. &gt;&gt; Oh, and I remember I was talking to a brother and he was a he's about three 400 lb. A great big old guy and and not all that tall. and and he was talking about how he was really wanting the Holy Ghost, but he'd seen some people when they got the Holy Ghost start to dancing. And he just said, "God, you know, I want the Holy Ghost, but I I'm not going to dance." He says, "Cuz I'd look so embarrassing as a 400 pound man dancing across the building." He says, "I" He says, "I'd be bouncing and jiggling all over." He says, "I won't do it. I won't do it." And he didn't get it. And he didn't get it. And he got more and more desperate. And finally he said, "God, I don't care what happens. I don't care what I have to do. I don't care what you do to me. Just give me the Holy Ghost." And when the Holy Ghost struck him, you know what? It did take his pride out of him because he jumped out of there and he took off screaming and ran across the building. A great big fat guy jiggling all over the place. But he got the Holy Ghost and that's what mattered. &gt;&gt; Don't tell my God how you're going to receive it or how you're not going to receive it. Just say, "God, give it to me cuz I want it." &gt;&gt; You got to be flexible. However he wants to move, Lord, you're welcome to move. &gt;&gt; You know, we live in we live in this world. This is a leodyian last church age that we're living in here and all around us. There is a lukewarmness and that's the spirit that's on this age to be lukewarm. So, if you know the conditions is to be lukewarm, then don't lean towards cold formalism. Lean toward fieryism. All right. Like if we know which way the age is going, let's kind of try and get on the side where we know the spirit of God's moving. &gt;&gt; The sermon Why I am a holy roller, he says, uh, having a form of godliness fundamentally just as fundamental as the other one was. you know, in Balum Balam and he'd seen the he's seen the church and he seen them there and he had his church and he had his religion and he had his altar and he was seeing all the faults and the failures and if I were to sit down and I were to pull out my critical eyeglass, I could pick apart anybody's life here because you know what? You're all sinners saved by grace. Every one of you has mistakes in your life. And if you don't, then uh you're either in a theophony or you're deceived. And so we could look at that and we could look at the faults. We could look at the failures in this church. And that's what Balam was doing. He was looking at the faults. He was looking at the failures. But you know what? He failed to recognize &gt;&gt; the shout of the king at the camp. He failed to recognize there was a pillar of fire and there was a brazen serpent there and there was a sacrifice for the sins of those people. &gt;&gt; He failed to recognize the supernatural God was present in the midst of them people with all them problems. But here he says they having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof from such turn away. Then brother Bram says I did and I became a holy roller that when the wind goes to blowing I can give into it. Say yes Lord I believe you're the same Jesus Christ that rose from the dead. You live yet today and the spirit of God just sweeps it from one side to the other. You think we're crazy but we're just not. We just got the life and flexible. Go ahead and mourn if you want to. God's moving his his undergrowth coming right on up. She's going right on in the seed. Look, I I'll stand with the St. Paul this afternoon and say this. In the way that's called heresy or foolishness, crazy. That's the way I worship the God of our fathers. And what the world calls today holy roller, that's the way I worship Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Oh, brothers and sisters, it's not an accusation. It's not an insult. It's a compliment. If somebody calls you a holy roller, you ought to live such a life that the people at work think that guy's just a little bit different. You know, he's not quite like the rest of us are. You're right. I'm called a holy roller. &gt;&gt; I'm called a a Pentecostal. Acts 2:38 blabbering young. And why I'm a holy roller here one more place. He says, think of it now. Are you filled with the Holy Spirit? Are you in the kingdom of God or are you just a strictly a fundamental believer and God's never a vindicated anything to you yet? Oh, step away from that tree. Get over on the other side here where the powers of God is moving. &gt;&gt; Oh, you know, it's not See, if you find yourself in a position, that's not the time just to sit down and and say, "Oh, how miserable and how terrible and how horrible." Just get up and move. get up and go over where the power of God is falling and say, "God, I'm not staying in that condition. I'm coming over here and saying, God, pour out your spirit on me. Give me that flexibility to follow your leadership however you would move." &gt;&gt; What I'm telling you this evening is to break through the denominational man-made barriers. Now, denominations, friends, it's not just something out there with a church steeple on it. It's not just something that you know is registered on the church registries of churches in the country. Denominations is when somebody takes a thought contrary to the word of God and they hunker down on that and they begin to separate fellowship and they begin to hold to something else besides the word of God. But I say this church is not to be a denominational church. She is to be a word church that stands for the word of God. But when the enemy comes in and tries to put something there to keep you from getting through to the blessings of God, &gt;&gt; just blow right through it. &gt;&gt; You don't have to be subject to it. You're not a denomination. You are a free independent woman. &gt;&gt; What I'm telling you this evening is that it's time to go beyond the sound barrier. It's time to break past that limitation that says, "No, that's not for you." trying to break past that limitation that says no that's not really for the church of God says who &gt;&gt; my Bible says it's for you and to your children and to as many are as far off even as many as the Lord our God shall ever call. &gt;&gt; He's still calling because he called me. So I I know it's true. &gt;&gt; What I'm saying is it's time to break into the bride's revival. It's time to get away from man-made religion, man-made theology, and man-made revivals, and break into the revival of the opening of the word of God. &gt;&gt; Now, to to break this down a little bit, Brother Brandham says here in the third seal, he's talking about how the churches, they don't really have a revival nowhere. And then he says the bride hasn't had a revival. He says there's been no revival, no manifestation of God to stir the bride yet. He says, "We're looking for it now. And it'll take those seven unknown thunders back there to wake her up again." See, he'll send it. He promised it. Now, watch. Now, if you notice, that was in the third seal. He's talking about how how the there there hasn't been no great revival, no great stirring. There hasn't been, you know, they've got churches. They got a million more in 44. But he says there's been no revival to stir the bride. He says, "But it'll take the seven unknown thunders." And if you understand the message, he answers in questions and answers 1964. He says, "They were asking, "What about the seven thunders?" He says, "Well, they were revealed in the seven seals. That's what the thunders was about." &gt;&gt; So the bride's revival that was going to come by the seven thunders is what was happening when the seals were being opened. That's what released the bride's revival to the church of the living God was that opening of the word. The opening of the word is the bride's revival. The opening of the word is the awakening of this bride out of a dark denominationalism. &gt;&gt; Now, what does it mean to be in revival? What are we what is this that happened in this last day? It's a word revival. It's prophesied by the scriptures. It's it's in Acts chapter 3. He said the the angel, they asked him, "Well, what about this?" And and they said, "He shall send Jesus Christ, which was before preached unto you, whom the heaven must receive until the times of the restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of his all his holy prophets since the world began." And the prophet of God said, "Now is the day of the restoration of all things." So, where are we living at? We're living in the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. That is the hour we're living in. And and in the rising of the sun, he he tells the people, listen, he says they didn't know what it was, but we knew, if you'll just look this away, it's our Lord up there. You see, he's the one who opened those seals. &gt;&gt; Oh, it was our Lord Jesus Christ. That mighty angel that came. He took the book. He tore off the seals. and he came down to reveal it to his people. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham, what's attraction on the mountain? I know you understand these things. You're a well taught church, but uh we're going to go right back over it again. &gt;&gt; He says, "And this happened on Sunset Mountain. It's the evening time, sunset time, the sunset message through a setting of history, a setting of prophecy rather, being fulfilled, and it shall be light in the evening time upon Sunset Mountain at the Coronado Forest." What was he talking about? That cloud we see. He says that's our Lord up there. That's when he said that he came to open them seals. And he says, "What happened upon Mount Sunset?" God confirming his word. That's what all this noise is about. It's God fulfilling his promised word again of Revelations 10:1-7. In the days of the sounding of the voice of the seventh angel's message, the mystery of God should be finished. The hidden mystery of Revelations 10:1-7. You remember there was the seven thunders in there. Revelations 10:1-7. The last message to the last church age fulfills exactly in this age. St. Luke 17:30, the day when the son of man shall be revealed. &gt;&gt; Oh, brothers and sisters, the hour we're living in is the hour of the bride's revival. And he says here in uh anointed ones at the end time he says and remember the third poll was the opening of them seven seals to reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word. Now now I want to just you know this this might seem a little bit deep or technical but we look at the the opening of the word. We look at the seven seals. We look at the revealing of the son of man. We see all of these things and it it's it's a great and a glorious thing. But I don't want you to get caught up in thinking it's an intellectual understanding. It's not. It's a revelation. This message was sent not to tickle your mind, not to tickle your understanding or or make you feel more educated than your neighbor. It was sent by revelation to the bride of Jesus Christ. And and so this this this bride's revival, this opening of the word, this opening of the seals, I just want to go just one step farther into it and see that bride's revival in both the prophet's message and in the book of Revelations book. If we turn over here to Revelations chapter 5, because the bride is to have a revival and John as a type of the bride of Jesus Christ gives us a demonstration of what that revival is about. And we see that he was standing there and he was weeping. Now, if if there's no worthy one, then then we should be weeping. If there's no worthy one, then we should be in sorrow and we should be in sadness and we should be discouraged and we shouldn't have any joy in our life. If there is not a worthy one, then you've got a right to have a long face. But if there is a worthy one, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And it says in it says in Revelations 5 and:e 3, there was no man in heaven nor in earth, nor under the earth was able to look upon the book, neither to to to open the book to look thereon. And and John began to weep because there was no man found worthy. No man. But then he heard a message said, "Weep not, John. Don't cry. Don't weep. Because the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof." And when he turned to look, he seen a lamb. He seen a lamb that was bloody, and it was had been slain, having having seven horns. and he's seen that lamb. It was the Lord Jesus Christ which was the worthy one. He was a kinsman. He had to be a man. A man that was found worthy to take that book and to open it. And when that one was found, it brought forth such a joy and such a revival in John. When he took that book and opened it up, it says John began to ha scream and shout and have himself an oldfashioned holy roller meeting. Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandaman, the sermon breach between the seven church ages and the seven seals. He says, "Talk about a jubilee." Now, I'm I'm tying this directly in with the bride's revival. Because you remember the bride's revival is the seven thunders. It's the opening of the seals. It's the opening of the word. That's the bride's revival. And so, we see right here, he says, "Talk about a jubilee. Talk about a time when the lamb walked forth." See, the book is even sealed in heaven. the mysteries are say is my name there I don't know I hope it is but if it is it was put on the book before the foundation of the world but the first thing that represented that redemption come the lamb that had been slain from the foundation of the world and he took the book oh glory he opened the book and he tore off the seals and sent it down to the earth to his seventh angel to reveal it to his people &gt;&gt; oh hallelujah there you are oh my what happened. The screams, the shouts, the hallelujah, the anointed, the power, the glory, the manifestation. And old John who'd been standing there, our brother crying. Why? He said, "Everything in heaven and everything in the earth and everything in the sea, heard me holler, "Amen. Amen. Blessings, honor, and might, and power be to him that lives forever and ever." Talk about a happy time when them seals broke. John must have looked in and seen a past the curtain of time and said, "There's John." &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Brothers and sisters, this bride's revival is based off of something more than what the the presbbiter said to say. This is based off of something more than what the Pope had to say. This bride's revival is based off of the word coming open. And a people see their identity and they say, "I'm a part of this from before the foundation of the world." There's nothing in time that can ever take me out of his hand. There's nothing that can happen to me that could keep me from going in a rapture. If that don't put a joy bell ringing in your heart, I don't know what would. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Oh, John got almighty happy. Another place he said, you know, that got next to John, he must have saw his name wrote there when them seals broke. He must have got real happy. And you know what that holy roll of religion from before the foundation of the world when the sons of God were shouting for joy. You know what the prophet tells us? He said, "No wonder the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy." When they seen the plan of salvation, God putting your name on the book before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; So this bride's revival, these sons of God shouting for joy was before the foundation of the world because of names being on the book. And here we are at the closing of time and we're shouting and we're rejoicing and we're praising God because we've seen into that book and we've seen our personal identification by a revelation that says you're a part of this. &gt;&gt; Oh brothers and sisters, when that word comes open and it's no longer a question of I hope so, maybe so maybe I'll take a rapture. Possibly I could. But when you realize you're a part of this by the elective grace of God from before the foundation of the world, why, you can let off the pressure, friends. You can just let down your hair and have a good old time. &gt;&gt; John had himself a revival when that book came opened. The opening of the word gave him an identity. It gave him a position. He knew who he was. And boy, that that that gives you some courage. Gives you something to stand on because, you know, we we come into this age and there's a spiritual amnesia that's come and it's on you and and you say, "Oh, I don't know who I am. I don't know where I came from. I don't know where I'm going. There's all this confusion." But God sent a message to break that spiritual amnesia to give you an identity to tell you where you came from and who you are and where you're going. &gt;&gt; Oh, brothers and sisters, we don't have to be living in a day of hope. So maybe so confusion we can stand in our identity as the bride of Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; here in Christ the mystery of God revealed he says oh now we're going to get to where all that group together where the revelation is perfectly in harmony and and God expressing it through his word by the same actions the same things that he did making the word manifest. Oh, if the church only knew its position, it will one day. Then the rapture will go when it knows what it is. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's only the opening of the word that can reveal it to you. It's only that revelation of of your identity in Christ Jesus and who and what you are to get that picture. And you won't get it out of some denominational almanac. Get your hands off of all them commentaries of denominations and get yourself into the message of the hour because it's your eagle food. We're not supposed to be feeding on chicken feed. Leave that for them. It's good for them. Don't take it away from them. That's for them. But you're eagles. You should be feeding on eagle food. Get your face out of the magazine, out of the television, out of the YouTube, and get yourself into the revealed word of the hour. That'll change your mortal body. &gt;&gt; This message of the hour has called your name. It's called you by person. It's an identifying name. And it said, "You are my bride, &gt;&gt; not just a church." &gt;&gt; Prophet of God speaking, I've had this, "Who is this Melzdc talking about that eagle scream?" And he says, "Then after," because you say, "Well, what's it mean to to see my name? Am I going to go over there and and what's your name, brother?" Greg. Are you looking in the Bible trying to find where it's written Greg? You know, maybe when you were a kid, you did a search. Is Greg in the Bible? Brother Jonathan, did you you ever you ever go through there and when you read about Jonathan, doesn't it just kind of nice to read Jonathan and identify that, hey, I'm one that stands with the anointed of the Lord, doesn't that just it just kind of does something for you? But, you know, I'm not looking through the Bible trying to find my name written like that. &gt;&gt; But when I read my identification, when I read, there's going to be a people that will revive and remain to the coming of the Lord. When I read, "Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet," I say, "That was for me." I see my identification because that message was sent to me. I'm beginning to read myself into the book. I begin to see that everything that was a type of of of you see how Joseph was a type of Jesus. You see how uh these different ones were types and shadows of Jesus, but Jesus came and he was the reality of every one of those types and shadows. And I am beginning to see something in this hour. how that there was a type in Esther and there was a type in Ruth and there was a type in in all these different ones through the scriptures. There was a type in Enoch. There was a type in Abraham. But I'm not looking at a type today. I'm looking at the manifestation. I'm looking at the reality of the shadow standing in front of me. the bride of Jesus Christ that all of those was a shadow. Oh, &gt;&gt; thank you. &gt;&gt; Oh, he says here, &gt;&gt; then after you recognize the very word of God was eagle food. Then you left the other thing. You have been formed into the living image of the living God. You heard from your theophony. For if this earthly body be dissolved, we have one waiting invisible union. Just like I said the other day, that little eagle when he heard the bridegroom's voice. Oh, do you recognize who this message is? This message is not the thoughts of William Brandom. This message came from that pillar of fire that used his voice to speak a message to you. This message is Jesus Christ. He says, "And when you just like that eagle, when you heard the bridegroom's voice and he went to it, the anointed vindicated word of God for the last day." Oh, have you recognized the bridegroom's voice? Have you heard that cry and something said, "That's my anointed. That's my mate, the anointed word. That's what I've been called to. That's the one that I'm in love with." Oh, brothers and sisters, you have heard from your theophony when there's something inside of you that connects with the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; Oh, end time evangelism here. He says the end time message is to get the bride ready and prepared for the rapture. What can it do according to Malachi 4 is bringing them back to the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Bring them back to the faith of the fathers. the Pentecostal part. In the restoration time, I will restore saith the Lord. That's real event, end time evangelism. &gt;&gt; How many wants real event in time evangelism? He says it's a restoration back to what I read about this morning. &gt;&gt; A restoration back to the Pentecostal part. He says, 'I dare anybody, the indictment, I dare anybody to come under the blood of Jesus Christ and claim any promise in there, God is obligated to take care of it. &gt;&gt; Well, that's pretty strong speech. But when you know your identity, when you know at the as the wife, you have a right to the checkbook. When you know that as the wife of the of the groom, you have a right to everything he paid for. It's not a question of, "Well, I wonder, could I, maybe I." Your name's already written on that checkbook. You can take possession of what everything you have need of. Says, "I dare you to come under the blood of Jesus Christ and claim any promise in there." &gt;&gt; All things are possible to them that believe. &gt;&gt; But you know, the devil, he don't want you getting into the effects of the resurrection. He don't want you getting into the power of God. He doesn't want you to get your blessings that Jesus Christ paid for. No. And so he caused man-made religion to come and to crucify Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; The second time in the indictment here, he says they are crucifying the effects of the gospel upon the people by their creeds. &gt;&gt; What is a creed? A man-made idea. The devil's got many a creed sitting in a message church. Devil comes in, puts some kind of a man-made idea in your mind that says you can't have it. And you'll let that manmade creed that the devil put in your mind have more preeminence than the word of God. But I say, brothers and sisters, it's time to lay aside every thought. It's time to lay aside every man-made creed and let the full effects of the gospel loose in the church of the living God. He says that's the crucifixion. That's where the public set in these big morgs called churches, denominations, and draw a line of creed that they had. And the word can't have an effect upon them because they condemn the very thing that Christ said would take place. It just don't come according to their creed. And neither did Jesus come according to their understanding of him. He come in the way that God sent him. And he come exactly with the word. And no wonder he said he hid it hid from the eyes of the wise and prudent and revealed it to babes such as would learn. Oh, do you understand? Oh, they have crucified the effects of the word. That's what that antichrist spirit is trying to accomplish. It's trying to crucify the effect. You want to believe in salvation? Fine. But it's not going to do you any good. It's going to be for somebody else. You want to believe God heals? Fine. But it's not going to have any effect in your life. He's trying to take the effectiveness of the gospel of Jesus Christ out of your life. But I say that this bride of Jesus Christ is going to be living under the full effects of the word of God. She's going to be enjoying every benefit and blessing of Calvary. For she is not under man-made teaching. She's not under a man-made creed. She is under the headship of the word. Amen. &gt;&gt; I am not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ. For it is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth. &gt;&gt; There's no shame. There's no hesitancy about this gospel of Jesus Christ. There is a boldness. There is a courage. The devil's trying to to to put these barriers. He's trying to put these limitations there. But it's time for a breakthrough. It's time for a people that'll say, "I'm not going to be held back by any devil trying to keep me from the blessings and the effects of the word of God. I want every blessing pouring out in my life." We need a courage. We need a a boldness. We need to be unashamed. &gt;&gt; Go listen to that sermon the prophet preached on ashamed. Oh, you talk about some boldness. He had it there. He said in that sermon, he says, "I got God." There's a people that he says, "They've got to where they look like when they pray for people, they apologize. Mr. Devil, would you please move out and and let me nothing." He said, "Faith has got muscles and hair on its chest. When it speaks, everything else shuts up. &gt;&gt; Don't Don't go in, Mr. Devil. And and you move out. It's not how you're supposed to talk. You come there with some boldness. Get out of here. I'm a son of God. commissioned of God. Leave them alone. Now that moves. &gt;&gt; You have no apology to the devil. Nothing to do with them. Not ashamed of the word of God. Not ashamed of your commission. Not ashamed of who we are. &gt;&gt; Oh, the only thing we have to be ashamed of is our humanity. But I'm not ashamed of who he said I am. He said you are the virgin. He spoken of speaking of my life. He spoke of Christ. He said he was the virgin born son of the living God. But when he spoke of me, he said, "I was washed in the blood of Jesus Christ." And he said, "You are the pure, virtuous, sinless bride of the son of the living God." And if he says that about me, I'm not ashamed of it. I confess it. I say, "I accept my identity as the bride of Jesus Christ." If he said I'm perfect, then I'm going to confess by the blood of Jesus Christ, I am perfected. &gt;&gt; I'm not ashamed. &gt;&gt; I'm not ashamed of of his word. I'm not ashamed of the effects of the gospel. I'm not ashamed of the effects of the Holy Ghost. I'm not ashamed that it turns people into holy rollers. In fact, I really enjoy being one. Oh, he says, "But it seems today that that when when people are are going, it seems to be a day today when people are going beyond the limitations, going beyond the barriers." And he he speaks in this sermon going beyond the camp. I need to bring this down to a landing here, but I'm also wanting to take off. So, He says, "It seems to be this is the hour that that people are going beyond the barriers, going beyond the limitations and and they're breaking into to different, you know, breakthroughs and you'll have the breakthroughs in science and you'll have the breakthroughs in research and in education and all these different things." But then on on the devil's side of it, he says, "I see Satan is also taking people beyond the camp of reason." &gt;&gt; Now, and they want to call you a fanatic for believing in God. It's not reasonable. &gt;&gt; They ain't got no room to talk, friends. &gt;&gt; Taking them beyond the camp of reason of of of common common sense. Taking the people the other way, beyond the camp. God taking his people beyond this away. And Satan is taking the people beyond the camp of common decency. &gt;&gt; You see the this age that we're living in, people are going to extremes. They're just there's just extremists everywhere. &gt;&gt; Oh, but brothers and sisters, I want to see some extremists who were extremists for the word of Jesus Christ. I want to see some people who have gone all the way. They've gone beyond the camp of man. They've gone beyond the camp of human reasoning. They've gone beyond the camp of common sense. And if God says it, they just simply say, "I believe it. If he said it, I confess it. I stand on it. I don't care how I feel. I don't care how the situation looks. I don't care how my body feels. If he said I'm healed, then I'm healed. That's the final word on the topic. Going beyond the camp of reason. Now uh to get to the I guess to my final point here he says in going beyond the camp he says you know I was told some time ago that they had a jet plane and and they can makes them noises we hear around here and that shakes the windows and it's when the plane has got to so fast that it crosses its own sound called the sound barrier and when it goes beyond its own sound barrier it's almost unlimited to what it'll do and to I think in there that we get a lesson when we go beyond our own sound barrier into the word of God then it's unlimited what God can do with a man that's ready to go beyond the camp the camp of man that is &gt;&gt; now you know what something kind of interesting he was saying though these sound bears we hear the the rattling of the windows and things did you know they outlawed &gt;&gt; the uh commercial jets and all these things that that normal people would fly on from breaking the sound barrier. You know why? They said it disturbed too many people. And so they made it illegal for the common man to get the experience of breaking the sound barrier because it disturbed too many people. And now, brothers and sisters, I think it's time that this church goes and breaks beyond the sound barrier. They need to go beyond. I don't care what anybody else said. I don't care what anybody else thinks. If my God is calling me to come up higher. If we're living in the astronaut age, and we are, then it's time for takeoff. It's time to go past every barrier, every limitation, and go into the unlimited powers of Almighty God. But I want you to notice he says the sound barrier of your own sound. &gt;&gt; You see, it's the plain's own sound that's holding it back. &gt;&gt; It's the own negativity that the devil's putting in your mind that's saying, "Oh, I can't do it. Oh, I'm not good enough. I'm not a part of this." It's that unbelief, that sound that's coming from your own voice confessing the wrong thing that says, "Oh, I can't be healed. I've been sick so long." Brothers and sisters, it's time to go beyond our own sound barrier. And I say, break past the reasoning, break past the common sense, break past every limitation of our own thinking and say, Lord, I believe if you said it's for me, that I'm going to break past the barriers. I'm going to break through and I don't care what anybody says. I don't care what anybody thinks. I'm ready to break through into the powers of almighty God. When you're ready to do that, then it's unlimited what God can do with that man. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm ready for my God to be unlimited. And I'm ready to be walking in a dimension of unlimited power in my Lord Jesus Christ. It's time to go beyond the sound barriers. It's time to go beyond the sound barriers of man and the sound barrier of your own negativity and say, "Lord, I believe. I believe your word. I don't care what anybody else says. I'm standing on the promise. &gt;&gt; Oh, the power. You know, when you break that barrier, then it's unlimited. &gt;&gt; Once you break that barrier, it's just smooth sailing from then on. &gt;&gt; Are you ready for some smooth sailing? Are you ready for unlimited power to be released in the church of the living God? Brothers and sisters, I'm ready. I'm ready to go past the sound barrier. I'm ready for a breakthrough. I'm ready to step into the power of almighty God because he promised it. &gt;&gt; Let's stand to our feet this evening. &gt;&gt; This is the astronaut age. This is the age of a people that aren't going to just be held down by Earth's gravity. They aren't going to be held down by anything of this earth, but they're going to break out of this sphere into a dimension that's completely beyond the horse and buggy age, completely beyond the airplane. We're going to a place that's far beyond this dimension because there's a power that's resonating in the hearts of the bride of Jesus Christ. It is the bride's revival. It's the opening of the word that's told you who you are. And when you catch who that is, when you catch what you are, brothers and sisters, it's time to go home. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What's that song you came up with, Brother Ben? &gt;&gt; I'm feeling good, friends. We have a glorious gospel of Jesus Christ. And I'm so happy I heard a voice that said, "Come out of her, my people. I'm not in that mess anymore. I have resurrected out of that dark denominationalism. And I have come into the power of the living God. And I'm happy to be here." And you know what? Right now, I'm in a dimension where I have the opportunity to praise my Lord. And you know what I'm going to do when I get out of this dimension and I go into the next one? I'm gonna get there and we're gonna gather around the throne. You and me, Brother Greg, are going to gather around the throne and we're gonna worship and we're gonna give praise and we're gonna say, "Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb that was slain. I'm not waiting till I get there to give him my praise. I'm not waiting till I get there to worship my God. I'm going to worship him right now. I'm going to give him the praise that he is worthy of. He is worthy. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's worthy of it, friends. He's worthy of our praise. Just worship him tonight. &gt;&gt; Oh, give him your praise. Give him your worship. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You know the song, Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's power in worship, Prince. &gt;&gt; He inhabits the praises of his people. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Sing a new song. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Little sick song. [Music] Heaven's mercy. See, you are worthy. Worthy is thy [Music] king. Hallelujah. and sing a new song to him who sits on heaven's mercy sing and holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. With all creation, I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you and bring your flashes of light. You have done &gt;&gt; Lord pour blessings and glory and power. [Music] You are Lord. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and it is to come. [Music] With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. filled with wonder, awesome wonder. Oh, activation of your name Jesus. Jesus made his power worth such marvelous history. You are holy. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Who was and is and is to come. [Music] With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. &gt;&gt; Brothers and sisters, let me tell you, there's power in praise. There was a time when there was some believers that got into a really rough spot and they were found to be all bound down by the things of man. But Paul and Silas, they just began to worship and they began to give God praise. And in their praise, they were suffering. They were in pain. But in that worship, in that praise, God came down and inhabited that praise and he shook the chains off of them. And he broke through every barrier and set them free. Oh brothers and sisters, if you have a need tonight, give him praise. &gt;&gt; If you want him to come down and be present in your life, in your home, then make your home a place of praise and worship. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing that song uh in prisoners chains. I bless your name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor. [Music] I give you praise. We are the truth the way. I bless your name. I bless your Christmas [Music] challenge [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] to see. Their chains were loose and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you all. I give you praise. You are the truth of God bless your name. I bless your son. [Music] If you should find the praise [Music] [Applause] we shall praise your [Music] will in Jesus nameless. Bless your name. I bless your name. I give you all. I give you praise. You are the true. God bless your name. God bless. &gt;&gt; Let's just bow our heads tonight. &gt;&gt; Lord, we love you, Lord. Lord, and we just are so humbled to be in your presence here tonight. Lord, the the King of glory came down to be with his children here tonight, Father. And we're just so humbled that you would do that, Father. And we're so thankful, Lord. And and we just want to recognize your presence here among us, Lord. Lord, and we just ask for this people here tonight, Lord. Lord, if the enemy's tried to put some kind of a weight or a burden on them, Lord, may they just lay aside every weight and the sin that would so easily beset them, Lord. Let them just shake it off and let them break through into the glories of God. Lord, let them break past the barriers of man-made thinking, the barriers of man-made denominations, and let them step into the glories of this bride's revival for this hour. Oh God, may you just reveal it to them. May they read their identity, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would make it personal to them, a personal revelation of their part of this hour that we're living in, Lord. Lord, as your your when you were here, you opened the book and you read it and and you said, "It's it's me." Lord God, the the anointing that came upon you was the greatest anointing ever when you found your identity of the prophecy in the book. And I pray that this church here would read their identity of prophecy in the book and your anointing would come upon them to give them a strength and a courage for this hour that we're living in. Lord, may they not be ashamed, Lord. May they be a courageous church to stand for this message of the hour to stand for every benefit and every blessing that you paid for, Lord. Lord, we don't want the devil to take one thing from us, but we want every bit blessing and benefit that you paid for. Lord, I'm asking that this church would be a Holy Ghost fililled church, Lord. It would just be overflowing, Lord. that this sick and dying and hungry world would know that there's a fountain of God that's been opened in this place where the Holy Ghost is being poured out and where lives can be changed. Father, I pray that you would make this a soul-saving station. Lord God, I pray that you would make this a place where hungry souls would come and would be fed with sheep food. Lord, I pray that you would take this place where addicts would come. Lord, where those that are bound by by the things of this world would come and be set free by the power of the living God. Lord, make this a Holy Ghost church where you have freedom and liberty to move. Father, we just want you to be welcome to move however you want to move, Lord, to do whatever you desire to do. For we want to give you preeminence, Lord, in our hearts and in our lives, Lord. May you grant it. May you have your way. May there be a complete surrender in this place to your word. and may your word have preeminence. May you grant it, Lord. And every spirit of the devil that would try to hinder the church of the living God, I stand here as an anointed servant commissioned by God to cast him out. And I declare liberty and freedom in the house of the living God. &gt;&gt; We declare it in the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God bless you saints. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Do you love them? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The spark of dynamics, &gt;&gt; yes, &gt;&gt; is revelation. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You know what the faith of our fathers was? The faith of our fathers was they saw God in human flesh. &gt;&gt; That was the faith that was to be restored back in this day. Here the Lord Jesus veiled in a prophet was standing on the scene performing exactly the same thing &gt;&gt; that he did. turned his back to the audience and discerned the thoughts and intents of the heart. &gt;&gt; It was Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; veiled in flesh. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; To a gentile revelation. &gt;&gt; And Jesus said, "Who do men say that I am? And he says, "Some say you're Elijah. Some say you're this. Some say you're that. But who do you say I am?" He says, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." &gt;&gt; He said, "Flesh and blood hath not revealed this to you, but my father which is in heaven has revealed this to you." It's revelation, church. &gt;&gt; The church is built on revelation. And God didn't call a church. He called individuals. &gt;&gt; No wonder he said, "Pray for revelation. Pray that your eyes will be opened. Pray for eyes that thou mayest see. Take light rainmen that the shame of thy nakedness does not appear. Buy of me gold tried in fire. You don't want something that just works in this atmosphere &gt;&gt; because you know the the power is in the battle. &gt;&gt; That's where the power is. &gt;&gt; The victory comes from war. &gt;&gt; Yes. you know, the ability to overcome by the word of God. That's what that's what you want. &gt;&gt; You know, in here it's beautiful, isn't it? &gt;&gt; The atmosphere here is wonderful. &gt;&gt; Everything faith is strong. &gt;&gt; And he's the same. &gt;&gt; But you want to be able to take this &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; out there. And when you meet that devil, I've seen a lot of people dance in the spirit. &gt;&gt; But when that demon's on the floor, &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; and you see it, Leslie and I've watched it. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; And that it just snakes around. &gt;&gt; That's when &gt;&gt; you want to know he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Revel music's great. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It makes you leave, but revelation &gt;&gt; is eternal. &gt;&gt; It's eternal. &gt;&gt; And when you know when when Peter finally went there, he said, "Silver and gold have I none, but that which I have, I have a divine revelation that God spoke to me." &gt;&gt; And and young people, that's what we're trying to preach to. If you will seek it, &gt;&gt; he will reveal to you &gt;&gt; that you are his child. &gt;&gt; Do you say does my record &gt;&gt; come on &gt;&gt; speak against me? No. The blood throws that record in the sea of God's forgetfulness to be remembered no more &gt;&gt; by the blood of the lamb. &gt;&gt; There's only one place that God meets anybody. It's under the shed blood. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Your power is in the word. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Because the Holy Spirit is Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; the word. &gt;&gt; It's his promise to you. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's his promise &gt;&gt; is God's personal promise to you. And by these great and exceedingly great and precious promises, we are partakers of divine nature by promise. &gt;&gt; And when God reveals to you that promise is for you, &gt;&gt; you can walk out of here say, "I'm going to have my fellowship with my son restored. It's thus saith the Lord." &gt;&gt; Because it is thus sayaith the Lord. Oh church, &gt;&gt; faith final resting place &gt;&gt; is the word of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; Do you believe that he came down and he put his foot on the land in the sea? &gt;&gt; Opened the book. &gt;&gt; I remember when that was first revealed to me. &gt;&gt; Oh, renew it, Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I I was so excited. I thought everybody would love it. &gt;&gt; We went out and preached the mighty angels put his foot on the land and the sea, the books open. &gt;&gt; Glory to &gt;&gt; Oh my I like what you said about the sonic boom. Most of you probably have never experienced sonic booms, but I live by myar Naval Air Station &gt;&gt; before they outlawed it. And those jets would come by and they go boom. &gt;&gt; And then they go boom, &gt;&gt; boom. I mean, it was it was exciting. And you'd hear the boom and you'd look and it was so far gone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You can't live in the boom. You've got to live in the plane. &gt;&gt; You can't live in the the results of the word. You've got to live in the word &gt;&gt; because these signs follow them that are in the word. &gt;&gt; That's where we're living. &gt;&gt; We're not chasing booms. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We're not listening for booms. &gt;&gt; We're driven by the dynamics &gt;&gt; of divine revelation. &gt;&gt; You say, "I want to be healed." God's a healer. He's all healed. You know what heals you is the revelation. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; When God shows you personally that it's your time, it's your hour. You'll beat yourself to death &gt;&gt; trying to grab a hold of him, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You'll wear yourself out. &gt;&gt; But if you'll just stop &gt;&gt; and say, "Lord, reveal to me. &gt;&gt; Open my eyes. This is mine. And then when you got revelation, don't say, "Step back. Say, yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Here I come. &gt;&gt; God said so." &gt;&gt; I've got thus sayaith the Lord. &gt;&gt; I ain't You not got nothing on me. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Because he spoke. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I have heard, &gt;&gt; but now I see. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; I know he had it. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; And I know he had it. I know she had it. But now I got it. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, I I I want to I like to see a man that's been in battle. &gt;&gt; Not talk about battle. &gt;&gt; But he's faced Satan face to face. &gt;&gt; And he knows what it's like. &gt;&gt; He knows what it's like to be down. He knows what it's like to have somebody so brokenhearted that they can't see straight and have the love of God burning in their heart to raise them back up again. That's the God I serve. &gt;&gt; I serve a God in power. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I serve a God in reality. I serve a God that meets Satan. It just don't talk about God, but it's willing to meet Satan in the battle. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's &gt;&gt; Oh, it's exciting. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I've heard testimonies of people that have just thrilled my soul. &gt;&gt; But it's not until you can take that testimony &gt;&gt; and anchor it to a word, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; that it becomes your possession. &gt;&gt; Back to the promise. What was our promise? What was our promise? In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, &gt;&gt; the mysteries of God should be revealed. &gt;&gt; As it was in the days of Noah, &gt;&gt; so shall it be in the day of the son of man. &gt;&gt; Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet. &gt;&gt; That's our gospel. &gt;&gt; Yes. That's what makes us what we are. &gt;&gt; We're the elect &gt;&gt; by divine revelation &gt;&gt; who has seen the pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; Not only just saw the man but saw the son of man, Jesus Christ revealed in flesh. God in flesh. &gt;&gt; That was the faith &gt;&gt; of the fathers. The works was the result of the revelation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Faith is work expressed. Don't sell yourself short, church. &gt;&gt; What God has revealed to you is what makes you who you are. &gt;&gt; I think it was Big John Beal. I call you big John Beal because you're kind of big for John. He was listening to I don't know if it was TWW Armstrong or or some other ministry that he followed and the guy mentioned brother Brandham's name. [Music] John said William Brham. He began to look at it, listen to it. His eyes come open. &gt;&gt; He knew that was a prophet. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. John, you could hang on to that &gt;&gt; no matter what the battle is by divine revelation. Flesh and blood did not reveal that to you, my brother, but the father which is in heaven revealed that to you. Can you can stand on that as your faith. No matter what trials you have, no matter what battles you have, you're his. He chose you. He gave you Isab that you might see. Amen. &gt;&gt; Each of you &gt;&gt; have given you Isaac. &gt;&gt; Now, why can't you if you've seen that, &gt;&gt; then doesn't that make everything else he said to you true? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Doesn't if you've seen that promise, what he would do in that day, doesn't that make every other promise he's ever spoke to you true? &gt;&gt; Yes. And by your revelation, &gt;&gt; you are entitled &gt;&gt; to take that word. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And open every day. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We just keep beating ourselves down &gt;&gt; with our faults. &gt;&gt; When he who is in you is greater than your faults. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Use your revelation, church. &gt;&gt; Use your revelation. It's God's gift to you. &gt;&gt; Revelation is God's gift to you. &gt;&gt; It is the spark of all the dynamic power. God does nothing unless he first reveals it &gt;&gt; to his servant, the prophet. And once he reveals it to a servant's prophet, it's revealed to you. And then you possess the same power of the revelation. Oh my &gt;&gt; glory. &gt;&gt; Claim it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You want more of God? Claim it. [Music] &gt;&gt; You got You've got God give you the gift of revelation. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't ask me why, &gt;&gt; but he did it. &gt;&gt; I don't know why, but he did. &gt;&gt; And I'm not going to deny that he gave me ice after &gt;&gt; that I saw. &gt;&gt; And he wouldn't have done it. &gt;&gt; Just ask your heart for revelation. The church is built &gt;&gt; on revelation. &gt;&gt; Oh, I just give me another worship a moment. You want really want to worship him? Worship him for where he is. Worship him for where he is right here tonight. The son of man &gt;&gt; has been revealed. &gt;&gt; The mysteries have been open. &gt;&gt; Malachi 4 has come &gt;&gt; to call the bride out. &gt;&gt; That's what I worship you, Lord. I'll worship you in the word of God that you're in. &gt;&gt; Help me sing. How great is our God? &gt;&gt; You believe it to say, "Lord, I believe you sent a prophet. &gt;&gt; Lord, I believe you opened the seals. I believe you named the messenger and the church ages. I believe in water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I believe Lord, you reveal that to me. I worship you. How great is our God? Sing with me. How great. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's individual church. He's our God. No one see how great how great is our God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] And the king. &gt;&gt; Are you a believer? and &gt;&gt; you're entitled to every promise in God's word if you're a believer [Music] when darkness He trembles at his voice. Treles at his. &gt;&gt; Oh, sing it. Don't you love it? &gt;&gt; How great is our God. Sing how great. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He's our God. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. How great, oh how great is our God [Music] and &gt;&gt; Lord, I'm a believer and &gt;&gt; you let me see you, Father, in all your splendor. You wouldn't have done that if I wasn't yours. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh Lord, I want to go forward with you. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; You didn't call me to lose me, Lord. &gt;&gt; You didn't call me to let me go off in the air. &gt;&gt; Lord, you called me to make a stand. Heavenly Father, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. &gt;&gt; How great is our God. &gt;&gt; Sing with me. How great is my God? Promise me. How great, how great is our God. [Music] Praise the name of God. You are worthy of all praise and my heart. [Music] How great is our God is our [Music] praise the name of [Music] for you are worthy. We are worthy of all the holy mercy. How great is our God [Music] and how great is our God [Music] is our God and don't see our brave. [Music] That's the God &gt;&gt; that goes with you &gt;&gt; when you walk out these doors. That's the God &gt;&gt; that goes with you. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's the one &gt;&gt; that'll never leave you &gt;&gt; nor forsake you. &gt;&gt; That's the one that promised you nothing could pluck you out &gt;&gt; of the promised hand. &gt;&gt; That's the one that promised you if I started a work in you, &gt;&gt; I'll finish. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I don't care if Satan tells you it won't get done. &gt;&gt; It'll get done. Come on. &gt;&gt; If he started it, &gt;&gt; it'll get done. Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If he gave you a revelation, if he called your heart to repentance and you give your life to him, I don't care where you go, the seeking shepherd &gt;&gt; will find you. &gt;&gt; And he'll bring you back. &gt;&gt; I hate to admit it. He's brought me back many times. But I can promise you, he said, if I started it, &gt;&gt; I'll finish it. &gt;&gt; I don't want him to be a god of a church. I don't really care much about whether this church has the Holy Ghost. I want you &gt;&gt; to have the Holy Ghost. I don't care much about what this church does, but I care about what you do out in the world where you're a shining light. &gt;&gt; I want you as an individual to have the power of the resurrection. I want you as an individual to open this book, take a promise, say, "That's my promise." Now, Satan, I'm going to meet you, &gt;&gt; Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm going to take the sword of this word and meet you face to face. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Amen. &gt;&gt; He didn't call a church. He called a body. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Born again &gt;&gt; individuals &gt;&gt; with the power to meet Satan. &gt;&gt; I always wondered until tonight, I always wanted a deeper revelation of why the prophet of God said you could have the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; without sensation. [Music] And now I understand it more than ever &gt;&gt; because it's by divine &gt;&gt; revelation. &gt;&gt; Oh church. &gt;&gt; Oh, what we ought to praise him for. &gt;&gt; For opening our eyes, &gt;&gt; aren't you glad you saw the message, brother Tommy? &gt;&gt; Me and Tommy have a little story. I drove up on the curb one day and trying to get the mail and Tommy said something to you about what are you going to do? Take out the mailbox. I just looked around and said, "What are you a critic?" And we laugh about that, you know. But I'll tell you one thing. I sat over a pickup truck and Tommy had about five, six pack of empty beer cans in the back of his truck with a cigarette pack rolled up in them. &gt;&gt; He's lost his deuce. But you won't meet nobody no more &gt;&gt; that hadn't been born again, &gt;&gt; been filled with the spirit of God and has passed from death unto life. &gt;&gt; He may not dance or shout or sing or go about, but I know there's a fire &gt;&gt; in his heart for the kingdom of God. And when he lays his hands on me to be prayed for, &gt;&gt; I get better. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. That's the church. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That we want. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the church we want that's motivated by love, by experience, &gt;&gt; cuz they've tasted the love of God. &gt;&gt; John, it don't care how many problems you have, brother. The family, it don't matter. &gt;&gt; He's got you in the palm of his hand. And nothing can pluck you out. &gt;&gt; And no matter what happens in this life, he said that whoever you loved and whoever loved you will be there. &gt;&gt; And you can rest in that. You can turn it into his hands and say, "Father, you've got it all. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I don't care what you battle, church. &gt;&gt; He has not left you, &gt;&gt; nor forsake you, nor will he ever leave you or forsake you because he promised he wouldn't." Let's pray. Our heavenly father, you gave us your word, before there ever was a star, before there ever was a moon, you slipped the wedding band of predestination on our hand there. And you put us in your thoughts. And you said, "If we weren't in the thoughts of God in the beginning, we won't be there. And you wrote our names on a book and you said nothing could put it on and nothing could take it off. &gt;&gt; Father, if you would open our eyes to that where each heart and here could say, "Lord, I'm yours because I was with you in the beginning." And as you read through the pages of the message, our messenger keeps telling us that over and over and over again. You were with them in the beginning. You're him here now. And he sent a messenger to give us Isa that we might see. Our brother prayed tonight and preached tonight, Father, that we might see who we are. That we might be overcomers, that we might face Satan face to face and say, "You are a liar &gt;&gt; and there's no truth in you. &gt;&gt; You're the father of lies. And I believe what he said. &gt;&gt; And he said, "My name was on a book." &gt;&gt; Do you feel it? No. &gt;&gt; Do you believe it? Yes. &gt;&gt; Why? Cuz he said so. &gt;&gt; And that settles it. &gt;&gt; Father, may we keep it simple. May we keep it real. &gt;&gt; Make your church live by your word, Father. It's our promise. &gt;&gt; We ask it mightily in Jesus wonderful and precious name. Amen. Isn't there a song goes I am? That's the song I always sing. I know I we sing it all the time when we close. Joy, what? &gt;&gt; No. Uh, God is good &gt;&gt; all the time. &gt;&gt; God is good all the time. &gt;&gt; Now, why would I forget that? I I experience that every day. God's so good to me, church, I can't stand it. Amen. Is he good to you? &gt;&gt; He's good. You heard word tonight. &gt;&gt; Take that word with you. Live it. Tell that devil. Possess the gates of the enemy. Drive them out. Glide the token. &gt;&gt; Watch the power of God move you. Give you the desire of your heart. That's the word of God. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, if you're walking, God bless you. Are just there shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Oh, cuz he's promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good and he is all the time. He us God is good. Oh all the time and through the darkness will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Oh, we were sing so hard. Amen. So for us, he chose to die. Lift us with his Holy Spirit. How we can sing and tell you that is love in the truth is that his mercy is never. [Music] Oh, all the time he put a song of praise in this part of God. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, a light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. all the time. God bless you. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] How are you? [Music] That's right. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music]
