################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - [2025-05-14wed] This Is Our Book | Br. Isiah Brooks - Br. Isiah Brooks - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-14
Title:   [2025-05-14wed] This Is Our Book | Br. Isiah Brooks
Speaker: Br. Isiah Brooks
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFDO50616IY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Man, it's all standing in there. [Music] When I look into your [Music] holyness, when I gaz into your loveliness, when all things that surround, become shadows in the light of you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart, when my will becomes enthroned in your love, and when all things pass around, become shadows in the light of you. Oh, I worship [Music] you. I worship [Music] you. The reason I live is to worship you. you. I worship [Music] you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. Just sing it again tonight. Oh, when I look into your holiness, when I gaze into your loveliness, and when all things that surround, become shadows in the light of you. Oh, when I found the joy of reaching your heart, when my will becomes enthroned in your love, and when all things that surround become shadows in the light of you. Oh, and I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live, oh, and is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live, oh, and is to worship you. Amen. Amen. Amen. I trust that's a very even the motive where we gather here. Amen. Is to worship him with our lives with everything that we are that he may receive all the worship. But Jeromy, if we could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I was just sitting there praying. And I said, "Hope Brother Billy don't call me." But I had one of those days, you know, when you wake up and everything goes wrong. But I'm here. And GI Joe said, "Being here is half the battle, right?" Amen. Let's look to God in prayer. Heavenly Father, we praise you and we magnify your name. Lord God, we thank you for today, Lord God, and for all that we go through, the trials and the tribulations of this life, Lord God. But we know that in you, in this place, there is a resting place, Lord God. That we can hide ourselves in the cleft of the rock, Lord God, and you would give us comfort and peace, Lord God. We pray tonight, Lord God, for that still small voice, Lord God, that you would speak a word through the man of God that would encourage us and lift up our spirits and give us the ability to face another day, Lord God. Our souls are thirsty, Lord God. We've been beaten down by the cares of this world, Lord God. But we know that in you there is hope and there is freedom and there is life and there is liberty, Lord God. Even when we drove on the parking lot, Lord God, it just seemed like things began to change. Lord God, you said wherever two or three are gathered in your name that you would be found in the midst. We continue to praise you and to magnify your name. We lift you up. We exalt you and we expect to hear a word from heaven tonight. Lord God, we pray that you would lift every heavy burden. Lord God, you told us in your word to cast all of our cares upon you for you carth for us. For it's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. So good to be gather in the house of God. And we want to welcome all of our visitors. Everyone you could turn around and welcome someone tonight in the presence of the Lord. Amen. Amen. May I have your seats? A flat. Oh, G G. Some folks are building hopes down here. The planet. Hey, so busy with her fortunes. They forgot what Jesus said about the walls of earthquakes and the fig tree lives. Oh, but there's a group of people getting ready. Oh, and I am ready. Turning the twinkling of the night. Oh, and making investments in the bank in the sky. Oh, and happy preparation or reason to dream. Oh, I never getting ready to leave. Oh, I s the reason for the land. Oh, and while it has to come to us any day. Oh, and he just [Music] spl investments in our bank in the top [Music] ation for [Music] I was a reason for you. Oh, I always fast any day. Oh, I hear the spirit calling make a way to calary. Oh, and everything for him ready. Oh, and I am ready to twinkling around. Oh, and make [Music] universation for a reason to dream. Oh, I will not wait to leave. Well, this world is not my fault. I'm just a passing truth. All my traces are laid out. I'm ready. I'm the angels making [Music] me I can't in this world anymore. I know you know I have no friends like you. Oh, if heaven is not my angels can be on [Music] your [Music] sp and that's one thing I know I fix it up with Jesus and he is And I know you'll see me through. Oh, I am I can't in this world [Music] anymore. I have no friend like you. Oh, if heaven is on my [Music] from heaven on [Music] our glory. eternally pray and the saints on every oh I shall take the sweetest back oh and I can't get I know this world [Music] anymore I have no friends I do if heaven is not my Oh, the angels make me from heaven open. Oh, and I can't fit at all in this world anymore. Oh, I'm glad you me when this life is over. [Music] Fly [Music] away from God. Oh, I fly [Music] away. Fly away. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] When the shadow of this is fly [Music] away [Applause] [Music] from I'll fly away. I find [Music] way out and hallelujah and my [Music] heart. Oh, I just love you more. And it is fly away. Oh, shall never end. Oh, my way. Oh, and I [Music] glory. [Music] Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Just sing the last verse again. Oh, and [Music] of my way. Oh, and shall I [Music] ever fly away. [Music] Oh, and I wonder Hallelujah. By and my [Music] heart. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One of these things is going to become a reality. Amen. I looked over Jordan and what did I see? Oh, coming forth to carry me home. Oh, an angel of angel coming out. Oh, and coming forth to carry me. Oh, swing low. Oh, swing low. Oh sweet. Oh and coming to carry me home. Oh sweet Lord. Oh [Music] sweet. Oh and coming forth to carry me home. And if you can, oh before I Oh, I'm coming for to carry me. Oh. Oh, I said all my friends are coming. Oh, and I'm coming for to carry me. Oh, spring Lord. Oh sweet Lord. Oh sweet head. Oh and coming for to carry me home. Oh and sweet. Oh sweet day. Oh and coming forth to caring. Just sing now again if you can. Wait if you can. Oh, I before I Oh, and I'm coming for to carry me. And all my friends are coming. Oh, and I'm coming for to carry me. Oh, sweet. Oh, I sweet. Oh, coming forth to carry me home. Oh, sweet glor. Sweet. Oh, and coming for to carry me home. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I trust we live under that expectation. Amen. one of these mornings. Amen. Amen. Sister Sarah has a special if she can come at this time. [Music] My soul longing for the When cares of life will finally pass away, all my burdens will be gone. No more doubt will fill my mind. I will rest in his embrace. [Music] When I meet my saving grace, when we stand before the throne, when we finally made it home, all the pieces will fall into place. All my questions will be gone. As my sorrow turns to sorrow, in the moment I see his [Music] face, pain will be lost in grace. [Music] We will worship and adore. Love him like we never have before. We will never wonder why. [Music] Because our faith has been made [Music] sight. It won't matter that we never knew. Because God's grace has brought us through. When we stand before the throne, when we finally made it home, all the pieces will turn into place. All our questions will be gone as our sorrows turn to song. In that moment we see his face. Our pain will be lost in [Music] praise. Our pain will be lost in pray. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. It'll be worth it all. And I believe with all my heart when we praise him, he takes the pain away. Amen. We have a couple of announcements and this was sent over the email. Um uh please have your children be extra careful this Wednesday evening after the church uh on the Gaga ball court because it'll be freshly painted and cannot be used. So no Gaga balls tonight. Um, I believe Brother Tim uh uh sent an email, a reminder about the children's picnic this coming Saturday. The picnic is this Saturday in the pavilion. Please have your children at the church at by 10:00 a.m. uh in the fellowship hall for their final practice for Sunday morning. Parents needs to be present on the church ground by 11:00 a.m. and remain until the activities uh over at 100 p.m. Um if you have not signed up to attend yet, please do so by Wednesday evening at the church and the signup sheet is in the library or you can text sister Melinda. Also, families are encouraged to bring uh two liters drink and uh uh dessert and and and fruit uh to help with the menu. Amen. Certainly uh excited for that. Amen. Amen. Brother John Bill writes um a praise report. He writes after two months off work. He said u I turned down three different companies for traveling positions. I interviewed last week and he said and I decided I would have to go and uh take one of the position with traveling. And one day before I started uh I started um I said yesterday uh before uh I started yesterday before I started I was called by a local company to work here and accepted a position that I would start Monday. Amen. [Applause] Amen. He knows how to make things work. Amen. Even after you you don't know what to do, you just say, "I'll just do this." And then he's never late. He's always on time. Amen. We thank God for that. Amen. There's uh Sister Sephora writes, "Please remember uh me in prayer. I need a job. uh that I'll be able uh that I'll be able for me and to be on in church praying that uh uh that uh that change for my work and the schedule that God will be will have the glory. Amen. Amen. If he has done it for brother John Billy certainly is going to do it for sister Sephora. Amen. If you have it upon your heart, just lift your hand up to him tonight. And Amen. We certainly when we hear things like this, it's just encouraging to know that it's the same God and and he's here working. We may not see it with our eyes and the way we want to see it, but he's here working. Certainly working. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come, brother Tim Sal, if you could just come and take his knees before the church. Amen. And David said, "Praise ye the Lord." Amen. Oh, give thanks unto the Lord for he is good. For his mercy endureth forever. Amen. We're so appreciative of what the Lord does for us. Let's just bow our heads. Lord, we do thank you for all that you've done, Lord. and all that you're doing, all that you're going to do. Lord, we see the the sign of the times. Lord, it's like the curtain has been drawn back on the final act of mankind. Lord, all the pieces are in place. The bride is making herself ready. You've adorned her, Lord, in a in a way that she's never been before. So we pray Lord that there be anything in our lives that's unfitting Lord that you'd make it right. Lord the many needs have been read the blessings and answered prayer that have been spoken. Lord these will continue to go on as these old vile bodies are on this side. Lord we thank you for meeting all these needs. Lord, we place the needs upon the altar tonight and have faith believe that you're more than able, Lord, to answer each request, Lord, to our hearts content, to the fullest extent, Lord, beyond our even expectations. But Lord, we have a deeper desire, as Paul taught the Corinthians that there's a body celestial and there's a body terrestrial. Lord, we we live in these walls of flesh, but we want to exhibit, Lord, the celestial. We want the glory, Lord, as you said, as Paul said again, that you would change these old vile bodies unto your glorious body. Grant it, Lord, even as we live here on this side, Lord, that we can we can show this dying world that truly you're still alive, Lord. For you inhabit these little frail bodies, these human beings, Lord. You've seen fit to clean us up, come down in a way, Lord, that we can walk up right before you. We can bring our needs before you. We can gather together and be blessed by the presence of the Lord in our midst. Because as we've been taught, Lord, we bring you with us. We grant, Lord, that as we fellowship tonight, Lord, as we gather together, hear the preaching of the word, that Lord, as we lift up our voices in song and praise, adoration, and amens, Lord, that you just give us a warmth and overcoming blessing, Lord, for having been in the house of the Lord tonight. that when we leave here, we can say truly we're different when we leave this place. Grant it to us now. Pray, Lord, as we lift you up. And we ask all these things in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. Oh, and you don't have to worry. And don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troules don't pass our [Music] way. Oh for there's a friend in Jesus. Oh, wipe your tears away. Oh, and if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and sing. Oh, and I know that I can make it. Oh, and I know that I can stand no matter what may come my way. My life is in your hand. Oh, and with Jesus I can take it. Oh, and with him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, and so when you're tested trial, oh, and they seem to care to them. And all your friends and love, we are. Hallelujah. Oh, and remember there's a friend. He's always present. Oh, and he will hide. Hallelujah. Oh, and if your heart is broken, oh, and just lift your hand and say, "Oh, and I know that I can make it. Oh, and I know that I can stay. Oh, no matter what may come my way. Oh, and my life may sing your day. Oh, and with Jesus, I can take it. Oh, I'm with him. I can stand. Oh, and no matter what may come my way, while I face your hands. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, the splender of the king. Oh, and clothe in majesty. Oh, and let all the earth rejoice. Oh, and all the earth rejoice. Oh, and wrathome light. Oh, and darkness tries to hide. Oh, and it trembles at his voice. Trembles at his for Oh, how great. How great. Oh, and sing with me. How great is our Oh, and our mercy. Oh, how great. Let's all stand and sing it as you've had this tonight. Oh, and [Music] waiting. Oh, and time is in his hand. Oh, and the beginning and the end. beginning and oh and our God is his but oh and father we filled our son oh and the lion and the lamb and lamb oh how great [Music] all I Sing with me how great. Oh, and I will sing how great. Oh, how great is our God. He's the name above. Oh, and is the name of our Hallelujah. For you are worthy of the praise. Oh, and in my heart will sing how great he's just sing it one more time. Oh, and is the name above. Oh, and you are worthy of our praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How great he's our God. Oh, and how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God? Oh, see how great, how great is our God. Amen. Heavenly Father, they're not words in a vocabulary to express your greatness. There's not minds on the earth to comprehend it. Father, you placed a portion of the kingdom within us so we couldn't even find the beginning or the end of it. But Father, we're thankful that you choose to incline our ears to hear your word. that you tugged on our hearts, Father, and beckoned us to come and that you promised that if you started a work in us that you would finish it and that nothing could pluck us out of the palm of your hand. That your sheep would hear your voice and another they would not follow. Father, we've heard your voice in this day. be vindicated and clear. And we responded, Father, like the little eagllet in the chicken pin. And now, Father, we ask that you would allow us this evening to set our wings and even rise higher than we've ever had the opportunity to rise before. Father, we want to leave those things which are behind behind and press for a higher calling. We ask it this evening in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless. You may be seated this evening. Certainly nice to be in the house of the Lord and you guys just need to stay for a little bit because we'll probably sing some more. Anyway, I I want to make a couple announcements. Um if it would be all right. Uh, next Sunday morning after service, I'd like to meet with all the musicians. So, if you play an instrument, piano, organ, guitar, anything but a drum set, we'd like to meet you. We'd like to get to know you, and we'd like to use you. So, this isn't a meeting for uh people that are are our musicians. It's a meeting for if you are a musician. So like if I was to have a meeting for Christians, I would expect you all to be there. So if you're a musician, I don't know that you are. You you may be one of the greatest. I heard a brother the other day playing for uh on a special and I thought, well, who's that brother? He really plays wonderful. And so we we want to uh get to know you, use you, and place you in. So uh and also I want to have a breakfast uh this in a month or so uh with all the brothers that feel that they have a call in their life uh to preach or feel like they have a call or have a call. And whether you preach for us here or not, uh the scripture says to know those that labor among you. I think that's first Thessalonians 5 and12. And uh so we want to do that. And so uh we just, you know, uh want you to come together. We'll have a breakfast and we'd like all that are a minister, even if you feel you got a call. I don't care how old you are. you say, you know, I just feel I got in my life. I want to serve God. Uh we really want to meet with you and because we want to work together. Uh we don't have any big eyes or little U's. Uh we just want the word of God even if it comes from a donkey, right? We want the word of God. And uh so if if you've got a call, we just we want you to know that we're not closed. Uh, we're open for whatever the Lord will have. I I know it's Becky and I I know you, brother. I forgot your first name. Mark. Mark. Okay. I should have known that. One of the great writers of the Bible sitting right here, brother Mark. So, we're happy and to have you with us uh tonight. So, Lord, richly bless you. We also have a special treat tonight uh with us, Brother Isaiah Brooks, uh passing through town. And uh I didn't ask him to sing. I said, I'm not going to ask Brother Isaiah to sing because, you know, I want him to be identified as a minister, not as a singer. You know what I mean? So I said, I'm not going to touch with his identity, but if he wants to sing, that's up to him. You You know what I mean? Now I want to sing, but I can't. But you know, so you know how I feel about preachers that can preach and sing. You you know what I mean? I I think they have a lower place in heaven than us who have to labor on our preaching alone. So I don't have two ways to bless, you know, but some people just got two ways to bless your soul. And so, uh, I I told Brother Isaiah Brooks, you know, he's kind of he kind of went off the scene a little bit. And I said, "Well, I just feel maybe this is your emergence back into back into the the life and battle of us here on the field." So, we're happy you're waring with us here this evening. So, why don't you come, Brother Isaiah, and and uh uh and we'd like to welcome you and and uh here to our place. Brother Isaiah's preached for us before, but he told me the other day, uh it's been 15 years since he's been in the pulpit. You know, he doesn't look a day younger in 15 years. So, it it's really it's really nice to have you. Glad to be here. So we have a saying without fear without favor. Amen. All right. God bless you my brother. You too. Thank you sir. Feel glad as you do. Amen. Well I always bring my tambourine wherever I go just in case. Uh by God's grace um if we need it we'll use it. But if you could just give me a key of C. I think that's the key. ing it. Pictures and photographs, memories of old, stories of every kind that have never yet been told. And there's a picture in my kitchen that displays the supper scene. A picture that's been hanging that until now I had never seen. [Music] How can he desire to have fellowship with me? There must be something more within that only he can see. I pray dear Lord please take my life. I give it all to thee. Granted every day you come in with [Music] me on the road to Emus. Three men walk that way. As they reached their destination, the two men beg the third to stay. And as they talk together, breaking bread and pouring wine, I finally now realize the simplicity of his eyes. How can he desire to have fellowship with me? There must be something more within that only he can see. I pray Lord please take my life. I give it all to thee. [Music] Grant that every day, oh Lord, you commune with me. Tell me, how can he desire to have fellowship with me? There must be something more within that only he can see. I prayed, Lord, please take my life. I give it all to thee. Grant that every day you commune with me. Tell me how can he desire to have fellowship with me. There must be some more within that only he can see. I pray Lord please take my life I give it all to thee. Grant that every day you come with me. Oh grant that every day you commune with me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. For he's alive and well, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. He's the same. Hallelujah. Yesterday, today and forever. Jesus is alive and well. [Music] the same sent who died on a cross crucified is alive in our hearts [Music] today. Woo! in our body without sin. Praise God. He's alive and [Applause] well. He's alive. Help me sing it. And well, living in me to death. Yes, sir. that he is the same yesterday. Oh, today and forever be love. Help me sing it now. [Music] The power to soul that he [Music] lives your word. Yes. [Music] [Applause] [Music] shall be done by you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Applause] you sle. [Music] You name is forever. [Music] show that [Music] he will truly believe. [Music] Your work. Yes. It will be done by you. Praise God. He's alive. You believe it tonight? Do you believe it tonight? Oh my. Oh my. Oh my living [Music] today and he is the [Applause] same. Jesus. Yes, he [Music] is. [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad he's alive and well? Hallelujah. Some people still have him in the manger. Hallelujah. Some got him on the cross. But I tell you where he is. Where he is in me. He's in my heart. Hallelujah. As we stand, we want to give honor to our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And we thank God for uh Pastor McGary. I had no idea it had been 15 years ago since I last been here, but uh I was reminded that it had been so so long or such a long time uh by his wife, which I appreciate, and I was kind of on the shock side, but when you get busy, you know, that's the way it is. And by the grace of God, those of you who don't know me, I'm Isaiah Brooks. By the grace of God, I brought my lovely wife with me, Ruby. She's in the back. My grandson, Judah, so he is with us as well. And we just thank the Lord for all he's doing and has done. As we stand, let us turn to Revelations 22 19- 21. Hallelujah. are you there? We just thank God for the McGary family as a whole. They have always loved me and I appreciate that. Even the family here, those of you who remember me, we thank God for your prayers and uh your ever support in prayer. Amen. So, let's read Revelations 22:19-21. And if it man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book. He which testify these things, say, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. One more scripture and then I have you seated. God is so good to us. Second Corinthians the third chapter. I'm not a deep preacher. I just preach what he wants me to preach. Many people aim for the head. I aim for your heart. 2 Corinthians 3 2-3. Ye are our epistles written in our hearts, known and read of all men. For as much as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistles of Christ, ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God, not in tables of stone, but in fleshly tables of the heart. Amen. I I did say one more, but let me give you one more scripture, please. Revelations 19:7-10. [Music] Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the Lamb is come and his wife hath made herself ready. And to her was granted that she would be arrayed. in fine linen clinging and white for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints. And he said that to me, write, blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he said unto me, these are the true sayings of God. And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See, thou doeth not. I am thy fellow servant of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus Christ. Worship God for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy. Let us pray. Our heavenly father God, we come before you Lord as humbly as we know how. We thank you for being so good to us. We thank you father for all that you've done for us. Lord, we surrender to you tonight. We submit our lives to you. We submit our thoughts. We submit our being to you. My body, soul, and spirit. And Lord, tonight, I don't believe in chance. I believe in that everything is controlled by you, predestinated by you. And Father, I pray Lord God that you'll bless the people. You know what they need. I do not. But I pray that you would minister to the hearts of the people that when we leave this place, our faith would have would have increased in the Lord Jesus Christ. Bless us now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. By the grace of God, I am here to uh not only be a testimony but a witness of God's divine love. I was telling my church, you know, before leaving, I wasn't always this way. I was a sinner, very wretched. I'm not going to go into details, but my my whole point is if there be a change in me, it's because he made the change. In the course of my life, I have seen the world change, the church change, and I have seen people who have developed a systematic worship and they think that's the Holy Ghost. But as I hear brother Brandham teachings, when a man received the Holy Ghost, he also dece receive divine love and power. I know for certain this is not the hour to be distracted. We have seen how many people are losing sight of who they really are. This is a time to focus. But I told my church, I said, "If you don't understand grace, you'll never come to the perfection God wants you to come to. It's not him that willth, nor he that runth, but it's God that shows mercy. I would entitle this message, this is our book. The world has all kinds of books. But this one, God designed it, fashioned it for us. It is the thing that we become. Oh, come on. Don't Don't be shy. Did not John, the angel told John eat the book? And we had a prophet that did not start in just the middle of the book, but he took us from the alpha and brought us to the omega. Right. And it's amazing cuz like I was in my kitchen and I don't know whether God talks to you but he does to me. All I know is that I heard a voice said this book. You are this book. Now that was some heavy meat. But I was in the kitchen and that was the proper place to talk to me with too. So let me say it like this. When God said that to me, I'm talking about believers. But is it not true? Whatever he is, you are. That's right. We are the only generation. Can I say it like this? Brother Brandham said it like this. This bride will not fall. All of the others have failed, but this bride is riding on grace. Oh, somebody help me here. Think about it. The devil has done everything he could can do to strip us of the reverence of this Bible. I remember a time you couldn't even catch a Christian without a Bible. Oo. Especially when it comes to church. It's amazing in a time where technology is booming. But you and I, we're in a different dimension. If I could say like, can I say it that way? The message, the word has placed us in a place what we call heavenly places in Christ Jesus. It's nothing that we have done. It's all about him. I can't tell you how many years I tried perfecting myself. Can I get a witness? And you fall every time and every time you think you got it all together, the devil sidekick you. Y'all hear me? But thank God cuz there was something God gave me that would pick me up every time I fall. Did y'all hear me? I didn't pick myself up. He picked me up. Hallelujah. When you know that you know that you know that you're the seed of God, you can't explain it, but you know that you are. Hallelujah. I was telling a brother the other day, I said, you know, something about us that is different from the church world. Brother Random talks about vibrations. I call it a frequency. You understand me? Because we are on a different frequency. And and and and we can hear him. Did y'all hear me? We can hear his voice when nobody else can hear it. Hallelujah. So when you are in tune with God, uh put it this way, when you have connected with the very source. Now, I I was talking with your pastor, and I'm agree with him on this for sure. You and I would have never known the channel had it not been for Malachi 4. We would have never known that God of the Old Testament is Jesus Christ of the New. And when I say these things, I'm not I'm not trying to tickle your ear. I'm talking about this is a reality that you must know. Cuz see, you become invincible. When we think about this book called the Bible, I'll say it like this is sacred. Every word is sacred. And sacred it means to is consecrated for a specific purpose. We're the only age that have had the full book. The whole book, not some part of the letter. Oh my God. But the whole book, and therefore, this book is going to bring forth such a creation that has never been before. Oh, come on, somebody. I I try to tell people I said listen you can't get this message earthbound God told John come up you got to go up sir hallelujah in order to understand what Jesus is saying what he's trying to get us to see it's a daily humbling yourself I don't care what it takes Perfection has been appointed to me. Perfection has been appointed to you. Now, we look at this and I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to say something because until we get back to the reverence, y'all understand me? When we first came to this message, we'd listen to those tapes day in and day out. Come on, brother. We would talk about it for hours. Anybody know what I'm talking about? Now, when you go into a believer's home, you can't hardly hear it anymore. I'm not trying to rebuke you. I'm just trying to make sure make you see Satan is slow walking some of us. Hallelujah. And you and I must understand Jesus uh we understood that this is his prayer. Give us this day our monthly bread. Our daily bread. It is a it is a communion. That that's why I always say how can he desire to have fellowship with me? Anybody else feel that way? We know what this is, but he looks beyond your faults and he see all of your needs. Hallelujah. Glory to God. It must become reverent to you again. Nobody should have ever had to tell us that you need to play your tapes. I never stopped. Y'all understand me? I never stopped reading my Bible. I never stopped praying. Y'all hear what I'm saying? This is not how can I say it? This book is more than you can imagine. Hallelujah. The word is God. I'm coming to something. Just bear with me. By the grace of God, we look and we know now that if you click into AI and tell them tell AI to give you a message for by brother Brandham, it could really give you a good one. That's what I heard. But you you think, "Oh, that's crazy." No. People without the Holy Ghost, they need AI. You better hear what I'm saying. It's the truth. But when God speaks, when God speaks to you, you become crazy if I would say it. I could remember the time when a sister would say, you know, the Lord told me this and it would be true. Or a brother would say, the Lord showed me this and it would be true. Hallelujah. The reason being we had such a union and Jesus even said it in that day you'll know that I am in the father the father is in me and I am in you. I don't know whether we have visitors out there but let me tell you something. Being a Christian is the greatest thing you could ever be. Hallelujah. It is something that's given to you freely. You don't have to pay for it. You don't have to work for it. All you got to do is believe it and receive it. Oh, I'm happy tonight. And I hope you are, too. But let me move on by the grace of God. Think about how Israel once, you know, they they they still do. They reverence their scrolls. And they don't even have the whole book. But we have the whole book, the entire word of God. And and let me say it like this. We always use that scripture. Let this mind be in you that was also in Christ Jesus. The mind of God is the word of God. Hallelujah. In order to have the mind of God, you must know his word. Oh my God. Yes, sir. Overcomers. I don't know when y'all overcame, but I'mma tell you my story. I overcame before the foundation of the world. I'm not struggling. I'm not worried. Am I going to make a rapture? I'm part of it right now. You're part of it right now. If you have the Holy Ghost, this thing, we ought to be praising God. Coming in church all slow and all unhappy. What's wrong with you? God has given you everything you need. Hallelujah. And you either believe it or you don't. Hallelujah. I believe this. And I love the Lord because he he said, "Don't you take one thing away from it." That means I got full benefits of everything he promised me. Hallelujah. People say, "Well, I've never seen the pillar of fire." Well, where's your pillar of fire? All right. If you if God is in you and he's working through you, that is the pillar of fire manifesting himself in you. In that day, you'll know. Come on. We're the book. Hallelujah. It's just not on the pages anymore. It's behind that badger skin. It's behind human flesh all over again. God intend for us to be the walking, talking, living Bible in our day. I told my church, I said, "We need an uprising." Yeah. Message believers, sitting in your corner, afraid of wrong. Kind of like on the day of Pentecost, you know, they were hiding. But what we need is an uprising. We need a refilling of the Holy Spirit. Come on, somebody. Anybody here is all I won't say as young as I young as I am. When you when a Christian became a Christian, you couldn't shut them up. It's the truth. I got young preachers. I said, "Hey, I need to see some signs." What signs? I need to see some witnessing. I need to see some souls saved. No, you can't save them, but you can at least try. Where is the burden for the soul? Oh my God. Somebody help me here. We're the bride of Christ. And the Bible said the spirit and the bride say come. Hallelujah. We might as well wake up. I look at people and I'm I'm I'm I wear myself out, but it's a good wear out. I rather, like the brother say, I'd rather wear out than rust out. But one thing I know, he's still worthy. I told you I wasn't deep, but he's worthy of our praise. And I feel so sorry for the song leader. I used to be one. You know what I'm saying? Because people when it comes to worship, the song leader should get one song and you shouldn't even let it go until the anointing anointing of God come down. Now y'all looking at me crazy. You know, sometime we as song leaders, we get the word, we get the songs from God. I don't mean I'm going this way cuz he's telling me this not my notes. But we go this way and and and and we're like, you know, you you look like a we it's some I remember you you you you make the song leader feel like he's a failing cheerleader. Y'all ever went to the games? Come on y'all. And no matter what he does, some people will never move. Hallelujah. No. When I was a sinner, I was a guy that brought the party. Oh yes. And you think I was going to go to a club and be a wall? Oh no. If the club listen, I brought my juice with me. Now, I know this sound funny, but I'm just I'm not trying to be funny. Look at Look, just look around. And every one of you should have a lick of fire. And what a fire this would be if you would release yourself. Hallelujah. See, you're caught with religion. This ain't about religion. This is about salvation. Hallelujah. And when you allow God, See, that's one thing I love about David. He didn't care. When the ark of the covenant came back, he started dancing. Now, it ain't all in the dancing. What David had was deeper than his religion because he squashed, he smashed every part of that Jewish Jewish religion just by worship. Hey, Lord. I got in trouble one time because I was at a big gathering and and and and and and the the conductor said, "Uh, you you can stand up uh you can stand up and and and and relax or however you say it." My righteous ignant nation, it got a hold of me. And I got up and I got in trouble cuz I said, you know, we are the message and now you got to tell people when to stand up. There's a time you would have to say you can be seated. Something's wrong. Hallelujah. See, I get all stirred up. Listen, and yes, people, they provoke me. Yes, sir. They provoke me to worship. When I see people not doing anything, it makes me want to move. Yeah. I'm not ashamed. See, I know what I got is free. Y'all know what I'm saying? It's free. I don't have to worry about what I did before I got here. Hallelujah. I'm free and so are you. God want to see freedom. Amen. He said, "You know that Holy Ghost is like a wind when it comes. You don't know where it's going and where it come from. But let me ask you, h have you ever seen a tree that stood still when the wind was blowing? You couldn't see the wind, but that tree was sway. Somebody help me." And sometime those little leaves would clap their hands. Hallelujah. That's the power of the Holy Ghost. Yes, it is about the life. But my you ought to enjoy it. This is not a burden. This is liberty. Somebody help me here. Oh my. Let me share you. I'll share something with you coming from the message faith of Abraham 1959 0415E. uh uh paragraph 72. Now, this may not do anything for you, but it would it would kill all these religious doctrines that say if you don't believe when we're here, you're not part of the rapture. Y don't get quiet. It says, you know, brother B talked about that donkey. Brother was in bad shape. Crosey, not need, you know, he was in bad shape and he to concede that God would want him. Maybe that's how some of you feel tonight. Maybe a sinner, somebody out there, you feel like may, you know, one of my sisters, my natural sister thought she had sinned so much she couldn't be saved. I told her, "You're the one God's looking for." Hallelujah. Is there anything too high for God? No sir. No sir. Anyway, let me read it. He said that that's just about like every one of us. But his mother well instructed to the word of God. She would say, "Wait a minute, honey. I like that. No, no, you are born under a birthright. When the man of the house comes out, he will go to the pastor and hunt the most perfect lamb that he's got. The high priest will never see you. Y'all understand me? He will see the lamb. He won't examine you. But why do you examine you? Let's come up higher here. He whom the son is set free is free indeed. Hallelujah. I'm free. You're free, too. But you got to recognize it. Is that right? He will see the lamb. He won't examine you. He will examine the lamb because you are born under a birthright. The lamb has to die for you. Now my thing is why why when John said and and that angel they they they they they were corresponding and and and and and and some man worthy not the bishop not the pope not the presbyter not Mary no man was worthy don't weep John Why you worried? Oh, the the Antichrist is on the scene. So is the bride. Hallelujah. Why should I worry? Why should I fret? Oh, I'm coming to something. Because we failed to see the power, the authority that's invested in us. And the only reason is that we fail to connect. Y'all understand what I'm saying? Brother Brandon the connector showed us how to connect. Hallelujah. And without that connection, oh, come on, somebody. I don't care if you got the most powerful radio or television there is. You got to plug that baby up. Right. There is a power that we're not tapping into. And the devil knows because he's made us so busy. We're too busy for Jesus. But I hope God never gets too busy for me. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. He says, "Now you look at Jesus and find any fault in him." Can you find any fault? Come on, somebody. Let me tell you something. I don't care how rough you lived, there's always somebody who's lived rougher. You think you got it bad, there's always somebody who's had it worse. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Let me move on. by the grace of God. He says, "Don't look who don't look who you are. Look who he is." Then you'll get you you'll be getting closer to divine healing. Search your sacrifice over. If you can find any fault in that, come on, somebody. Paul couldn't find no fault. Hallelujah. Amen. And you say, "Well, wait a minute, brother. Listen. The lamb, if Jesus wasn't God, there would not have been a lamb to show up. He showed up." When John had searched everywhere, there was no man worthy but Jesus. You know why he had to be worthy? In order to make you worthy. Hallelujah. He became us. Oh, we say that all the time. That we might become him. And I don't know about you. I believe that. Hallelujah. Like people say, "Whoa, brother Brooks, do you let me say, do you really believe?" Hallelujah. That old devil, Amen, tried to give me cancer one time. Uhhuh. I said tried. If God don't tell me and show me I I need I that's mine. I ain't taking it. And that old devil, you know the devil the those doctors can be real mean. And they give you the worst scenario. Oh, it done move all into your bones. Prostrate cancer. My wife and I, we start eating all that nasty food. Y'all know it's nasty. all that health stuff. But you have to do it sometime. You know what I mean? But the Lord showed my wife I didn't have it no more. Whatever it was, she told me, she said, "You don't have C." I guess what I said, what? I'm taking your report. Amen. And folks, when we when she told me that and that revelation struck me, we went by Popeyes. I'm telling you the truth. been eating it ever since. I got proof. I got a letter at home showing I had it and I got a letter from the doctor saying I have it no more. Hallelujah. But that's because we are the book. There's healing in the book. Yes. Deliverance in the book. Shelter in the book. Everything we need is in the book. But where is that book now? is in you. Come on, somebody. Take it to the next level. Take it to the next level. Hallelujah. Don't be afraid of the devil. He's just your servant. Oh my. See, I could hear it. But it's true. The devil can't do nothing to you unless unless Jesus say, "Okay." Hallelujah. And then we sing, "Why me Lord? Why not you?" When you realize that God has chosen you out of billions of people to be his bride, I'm not going to let him down. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I'm determined to make a hundred. You say, "Well, what do you mean, Brother Brooks? It's in me." Y'all understand me? That's why when I fall, something picks me up. When I stumble, something straighten my foot. Y'all know what I'm saying? It's not me. When I'm really down and low, all of a sudden, a sweet song comes. Mercy. Rewrote my life. You know it ain't the devil talking to you. We got to know you're free. Oh, brother Brooks. See, I can tell you this. When that faith struck me, it was beyond anything that I could imagine. I can't even explain it. All I know if when somebody would say if but what but if I shut them down. I wouldn't let one crack of unbelief penetrate what was going on with me. There were even times I had to raise my voice cuz some people don't get it. I had to raise my voice. It's no if God has already healed me. I don't want that unbelief around my atmosphere. Somebody help me here. That's the way it goes. That's the way it go. It's my inheritance. is your inheritance in this book is this is all you need once this book is quickened. Hallelujah. No wonder brother Brandham said it like this. Once that those seals were open he said this Bible became a new book. Hallelujah. He even said if you're going through something find you a character in the Bible. Is that right? You say well how could that help me? Just illustrate when David was about to slay Goliath. You hear that story, right? You can imagine it. You see it in your mind. You're not Goliath. You're David. Hallelujah. You identify with the character of the book. When you hear about Esther, Hallelujah. You know you're not Vasti. Hallelujah. You work with Esther. Y'all know what I'm talking about. That's the way it works. You enter into the book and the book enter into you and then you got victory. Hallelujah. Listen, somebody said, "Well, oh, I don't know how long it's going to take." It doesn't matter. Job said, "I'll wait till my change come, but I refuse to doubt him." Y'all hear me? But the pain, well, you've never suffered like Jesus. These little things we go through and we look at God like he's being unfair. Hallelujah. Somebody need to go to Calvary. I preached that one time. You know, they said he they beat him so bad he didn't even look human no more. Think about it. And a few of those links were yours. We put him in that shape, but he became sin that we might become his righteousness. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I'm not saying this like a cliche. It's a reality. This message is a reality. And the devil knows it. And he knows when you believe it and when you don't. That's right. Ecclesiastes 3:11. You don't have to turn there. He have made everything beautiful in his time. That's one of my favorite scriptures. In his time, not my time. His time. Hallelujah. You You love the Lord. You know, God can't lie. The Holy Ghost according to John 14, I'm not going to read the whole thing, but he said Jesus Christ is what? The spirit of truth. God will tell you who you are, but you got to believe what he's telling you. I don't know. It just seem like people are waiting on something. But you say you got the Holy Ghost, but you're waiting on what? God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Is that right? Remember the Mexican baby was swollen and had cancer in the mouth, and brother Brandon was waiting on God to do something. And then God told Brother Brandham, "I'm waiting on you." See, we can't be Pentecostal in this. You got to feel an anointing. The authority is already given. You hear what I'm saying? It's the authority in you, not the way you feel. You're not going to feel good every day. There might be times you won't feel like pride, but there's something on the inside that declare that you are. Hallelujah. Oh, he said, "And at that day you'll know that I'm in the Father and the Father in my Father and ye in me and I in you." How many of y'all know that? It ain't no guesswork. You got to know it. Hallelujah. It's like knowing you got a real big brother that's going to back you up. Hallelujah. You got You must know because it's just a little bit of doubt will hybrid it. Come on, y'all. getting quiet. But at least you ought to cover yourself and say, "Lord, help thou my unbelief. Let's move on." The Bible talks about these signs shall follow. And I'm going to tell you something. I've seen so many things in my life, you know, and then I find out that some people won't they're not living it. You see what I'm saying? I I I don't I'm the greatest miracle that has ever happened in my life, in this life. And I'm not talking about the cancer deliverance. I'm talking the salvation of my soul. Nobody could have changed me. I couldn't change me. He changed me. He changed you. You got to re remember those things. Sometimes you got to go back to go forward in your thoughts. You got to remember what you were. I'm I'm on a journey. No, he's not through with me yet. But I've already you, you and I, we the only generation that have seen our future. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Everybody else had to work with hope. We work with faith and our love for him will carry us there. You say, "Well, what do you mean?" That's why he told the prophet, "This is the victory of the love divine." higher. Y'all understand me? Our love for him will take us there. Hallelujah. He already has proven that he loves us. We need to show him how much we love him. Oh my God. Now the believer today coming from the message who is God 1950 08:1523. Now, as a believer today, most people say he's a good man. He pays tithing to the church. He's a good member. That's very fine. That's a moral life. Now, no one could speak evil of that. But that's not what I'm talking about. Jesus judged a man Jesus judge a man, a believer, a different type of a character. Jesus, the last words that he said when he left the world was, "Go ye into the world and preach the gospel to every creature." Is that right? He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned. Is that right? Now, God can't go back off of his word. God never even asked Nicodemus what sect you belong to. He said to Nicodemus, "You must be born again." Somebody, somebody better hear what I'm saying. You know, I'm looking at this thing and I'm said, you know, we we if we're not careful, we ourselves will become the Pharisee. It's more than religion. Now, every church will come that far. Brother Bham said it like that. But what about the rest of it? He says, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Do you believe it? These signs shall follow them that believe in my name. Shall they cast out devils, speak with new tongues, take up a serpent, or drink deadly things? Shall not harm them. Right? If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover. And he was taken up from the midst of them. And the disciples returned with great joy and preached the word great joy. Didn't even say joy. Great joy. And sometime we can't even get great joy until we get a great song. The word is what bring great joy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. We look at this thing, right? And and and and he said, "These signs shall follow them." Do the Do you believe? These signs shall follow them. The name shall they cast out devils, speak with new tongues, take up serpents, drink deadly things, shall not harm them. If they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. And he was taken up from the midst of them. And the disciples returned with great joy and preached the word everywhere. the Lord working with them confirming the confirming the word which s is your attitude it's the attitude if this Bible if this word can bring joy to you you've become fearless no devil would stand before you you see but we in this day we want a quick fix it it doesn't happen that way all the time but one thing for sure like the prophet of God said it like this uh in in summation. If I pray for so many and they would die, I'll continue to pray. Why? I know the word is right. I don't doubt the word is right. Hallelujah. And if it's in me now, I don't know about you, but I'm changing. Something's changed in me. I'm not even the same man I was 15 years ago. You understand me? And I'm not talking about my gray hair and all that stuff. I'm talking about the real thing inside. There's a love that I cannot explain. There's something that has changed in me that I cannot I don't understand it. I know it's God. Come on, somebody. It corrects me all during the day. Y'all hear me? And I know it ain't the devil cuz he want me to mess up. But God always, he's always there. And I'm saying, "Yes, Lord." And I'm repenting, "Yes, Lord." And I'm saying, "Make me perfect, Lord. I want your virtues. I want everything you offered. We're the only generation that walks out here perfect." And you know what? It's by the grace of God. You need to stop beating yourself up. You need to stop. you you won't go far. Oh, look at me. Look at me. God looked at you before he brought you here. It didn't hinder him. He still loved you. The Bible said in that while you were yet a sinner, Christ died for you. Hallelujah. I was telling a brother and I'm almost in a place where I want you to understand because many of us have been hurt and maybe disappointed and everything else. I don't know. But you know, maybe a friend did something wrong and you say, you know, you know how we do. Oh, I forgive you. But that friend is always down here from now on. That's not forgiveness. To forgive means to also redeem. You know Jesus when he redeemed us, he took us even higher. Y'all understand me? And until you bring that situation at least to this plane where your enemy fail, you'll never forget it. But you'll love him or her like they never failed you before. Oh y a lot of y'all saying all right. I like to hear that. Amen. So you got to understand by the grace of God. Amen. God watches everything you do and everything is a test. I want to be like Jesus. Okay, he's bringing it. And don't get it wrong. If he's in you, you can't help but to be like him. It's a win-win. Get the Holy Ghost. Get God in you. He'll bring you to perfection. Oh, come on, somebody. He that begun the good work in you is faithful to complete it. He's faithful. Not us. He is. Let me move on. It wasn't for Jesus, right? Let me let me I'm sorry. Now, that was to be preached until Jesus returned. Till Jesus returned. Oh God, give us men and women of courage. Somebody who will stand and call right and right and wrong wrong. Right. Right. And wrong, wrong. Excuse me. It's either right or wrong. Ain't no in between. Right. And if that isn't I read that Mark 16. If that isn't the truth, I don't believe the Bible. And if I don't believe the Bible, see, if I w if I was or wasn't for Jesus, I'd be here against him. God grant the day when men and women will be what they say they are. It's the truth. People People say, "Uh, you know, I'm in the message." What message? My wife and I, we went to a a a yard sale. I don't know whether these women were Pentecostals or what they were. They had everything in order but their face. and they look like they were miserable. Long hair, long dresses, and they look so sad. And I'm like, I don't want none of that. It's the truth. You let people see you happy being a Christian and won't you and people will draw to you. Oh, young sisters, I know what you're going through. You're in that time and your flesh getting the best of you, but God still love you. Oh, rebellious. We've all been there. Come on, somebody. All of us has never been like we are now. There is a season of rebellion. But listen, if the seed of God is in there, you'll make your way way way back home. Hallelujah. You might have some bruises. You might have some scrapes. You going to have some wounds perhaps, but God will never forsake you. Hallelujah. I know what I'm talking about. Amen. And you know, it it's just it it's at a time now where, you know, the world is so busy and it's just, you know, all of the phones and I don't think a person should have a phone if they don't have the Holy Ghost. But that's my doctrine. It's hard for us who got the Holy Ghost. Y'all know that. Yes. Lord have mercy. Yeah. I know y'all y'all young people said, "Don't believe him. Don't listen to that man." But y'all know what those phones do. They ain't got the Holy Ghost. But you I just want them to be safe. Safe from what? You just gave them the devil. Oh, I know my daughter ain't going to do that. And I know my son, as long as they in that flesh, you know what we say? I don't know where they got that from. You need to stop lying. The apple don't fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far fall far from the tree. Now that's the truth. You done been so saved you done forgot what it was and what it used to be. Oh yeah. They are reflection of you without the Holy Ghost. Oh, come on. Let me move on. I'm just saying cuz I've seen it in my own. I'm not just telling you something. Eight, nine, eight children, right? And some of them reflect my brother, my sister, my aunt, my Y'all know what I'm talking about. You see those characteristics coming up in your children that that just relatives only because they don't have it. I thank God for brother Brandham. I I really do because he told us it wasn't all the shouting and the dancing and all of the crying. They can all do that. I some of my kids they they played me real well. 2 Corinthians 3 2-3. I'm not going to be so much longer, people. The book I'm learning. God God will let things come your way and and and and you the Holy Spirit said, "Don't say nothing, but because you're raised a certain way, Lord, help me. I got to say something." The Holy Ghost say, "Don't say anything. But that law says I got to correct them now. Oh, come on, somebody. As soon as you put the law on them, you just made them worse. And guess what? It's your fault. Is that right? Longsuffering. That means you got to suffer long. Wait till you hear the voice of God. Y'all know what I'm saying? It's the truth. I did a lot of things that I wish I could undo. But one thing about me, I will make right. If I find myself wrong, I will make right. My children will tell you that. My wife will tell you that. I'm not too big. I can't say forgive me. Forgive me and mean it. Y'all love the Lord. Okay. Give me Give me Second Corinthians, please. I know this is Wednesday night and uh I just wanted to bless you with something. I'm trying to get to where I'm going, but I'm not there yet. But I want you to understand that who you are. If the Holy Ghost is in you, you are the walking Bible. But you got to let go and let God, you got to let him do it. You'll never overcome until you let him do it. But you have to have a will to overcome. And he will work with your will. Oh yes. He might he Listen, if you got to overcome peanut butter, he may let you taste a few fingers or whatever of it for a little while, but he heard your prayer. Y'all understand me? You say, "Well, God didn't hear my Yes, he did. But he makes all things beautiful in his time. It ain't your time. It's his time. And the devil say God didn't hear you. He did hear you. If the blood of Jesus Christ is covering you, how can he not hear you? But you got to wait on God and wait for God and he will give you total deliverance. Am I preaching a fable? No, I'm a witness of what God can do. Hallelujah. 2 Corinthians 3 2-3. Ye are our epistles, written in our hearts, known and read of all men. For as much as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistles of Christ, ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God. You need to go listen to that message, brother. Say, who is God? Now, we're not talking about a a second or third person. We're talking about God. And that God is in you, right? That God is in you, but God won't. He won't force you. Whosoever will. And you got to be willing to suffer, too. A lot of us don't want to suffer, but suffering comes with it. There's no such thing as I'm gonna carry a cross and not suffer. My point is this. You got to understand my suffering is different from yours. Yours is different from mine. But we have been we have been, how can I say it? It's been uh predestinated that that whatever we must suffer, we suffer. And at the end of the day, we receive glory. Father, I would that they have the glory. Give them the glory that we had before the world began. We have no idea. But one thing for sure sure is ours that God Can you imagine? None of us can. But one thing for certain, you get a little something. Brother Brandham said, "It's a place you can't even describe it." He said, "But I tell you what, don't miss it. Whatever you do, don't miss it. Word cannot explain explain it." Not even the word sublime could ever come to equal is beyond the human language, the human mind. And let me tell you something. Why would you fear man? Huh? David says, "No, you're not going to stop me from praising the Lord. I'm going to praise him." Now, I'm not saying you being stopped from praising the Lord here, but my goodness, you know, all I got to do, can I say this? We're having a dinner tomorrow. Everybody going to show up. Have you ever seen anybody show up at a dinner with a sad face? Oh my. They come in talking. You know, sister so and so cooked the best fried chicken. I hope there's some left for me. Don't we talk about it. My point is the word of God is far above that. You say, "Well, I don't like the way he says it. I don't care how he says it. If he stutter, stutter, stutter, stutter. Hallelujah. I'm gonna listen, listen, listen, and I'm gonna get what I want. Hallelujah. Amen. I had a sister. She gone on with the Lord. She was a big girl. When she go to the ice cream store, she said, "Don't give me a little bit. Give me a big girl portion." Right? So, when I come to church, I don't want a little bit. I want a big boy potion. Hallelujah. I want something that's going to feed my soul. Get me to thinking about where I am and where I'm headed. Hallelujah. Oh, I know one thing. A lot of times we waste time. Let me tell you something. Many people be healed if they praise him. Hallelujah. I think sometime we miss the power of praise. You understand me? But I listen. You say, "Oh Lord, I don't feel good." Stand up and praise the Lord. Is that what brother? He did. Sister, you can't get out of that wheel. Stand up and run. He instructed them. And if they did what he said, do they were healed. See, and the Bible is telling you, you in the presence of the Lord. How many of y'all believe that? And the Bible said when you're in the presence of the Lord, there's fullness of joy. So if you don't have fullness of joy, you're not in the presence. It brings something. It gives something. Hallelujah. And and I love this message. I love this word because listen, you become the word without any effort. Once the Lord quickens you, it's out of your hands for sure. You understand me? Every tree, you know, people say, "Well, I um, you know, you've never seen an apple tree grow in one day, but everybody want to grow in one day." No, you got seasons to go through. Hallelujah. But I want you to understand, if you are the word, your day brings you to perfection. I I don't I can't even say it like I want to, but by the grace of God, we were awarded. Amen. Uh white linen and all of that. Let me move on. By the grace of God, faith is our victory. And I'm getting I'm I'm coming to something because a lot of time people say, "Well, I had a sister say this. Well, if I'm the elect bride of Jesus Christ, Jesus will do it." Well, that's true, but there's something you got to do. We listen and we hear that deep call to the deep. How many time we preached it? There's a deep to respond. But that deep got to go beyond your throat. It said deep. Deep call in the soul. There must be a call for God. And God will respond to the call of your soul. Y'all understand me? It ain't how loud you get. Somebody think, well, if I if I get loud. No, it ain't how loud you get. It's how deep you go. That's it. I I've seen them cry. I've seen them shout. I've seen them run and still come up void because they didn't go deep enough. You got to go deep. Hallelujah. You love the Lord. Hey, in the days of of of Noah, there had to be somebody crying out. And there was one man Noah. Think about it. It had to go deep. There was a there was a cry of Moses, right? And you think it was all the people. No, they may have, but they didn't go deep enough cuz only two got saved out of that generation. I I'm trying to tell y'all something. The devil got you so busy, you don't have time to go deep. And every time people, oh, I want to hear a deep message. What good is going to do you if you don't take the message and go deep with it? Huh? When you leave here tonight, this may sound like a shallow message, but something was said and you need to wake up and and I say you, I'm talking about all of us. We need a a good shaking. God help us. What is this? Everything's supposed to get greater. But you find out things are diminishing. Oh, maybe that's only in my church, but I'll say it like this. By the grace of God, you're not going to go to sleep on me. You understand what I'm saying? If I see you going to sleep, oh yeah, sometime they think I'm crazy. I'll say something, they'll wake up. They're not even sleep. They got their eyes open. They just look like they in their spirit. They're sleeping. They're not hearing. So, you got to say something. Sometimes I have them outside the talk a church talking about me. I get so happy. I say they ain't going to forget what I just said. you know, because God be talking and sometimes, you know, you gotta do something to to to get them to see. Anyway, let's move on. I'm I'm almost done. I love this scripture and how Jesus, the word of God, talks about in Isaiah 50 and 7, and I'm coming down to a close. I don't want to wear you out, but I did want to give you something by the name of the Lord, uh, that would help you, you know. Um, one thing I do believe in praying for people even in my church and stuff, you know, but I like for people to ask. I remember the time the brother, you know, he said, "B brothers, I want you to pray for me to get the Holy Ghost." I said, "Okay, anytime." We went to the church and I found out I was praying harder than he was. And the Holy Spirit say, "Get up. Go to the restroom. If he's real, he'll he if he's real, he'll still be praying. If he's not, he'll be waiting on you." When I got from the restroom, he was waiting on me. And basically, I told him, I said, "No, I can't pray for you. Pray with you. It's got to be something in you. in you that want God more than anything. You got to empty out in order for him to fill it up. So listen what he says. Set a faith face like a flint. And I believe by the grace of God this went totally different, but I I believe God spoke to somebody. I came to encourage you, not to bring you down. You understand me? I want you to understand it's a serious time. And if you don't set your fla face like a flint, if you don't put your face and look in the eyes of God, Satan will cause you to be distracted. Not that God won't save you because he did Jesus. I mean, he did Peter, excuse me. But my point is, it is so late in the evening, you can't count on your religion. I made a statement and I hope you understand the statement to my church. I said there'd be a lot of people in hell that call themselves following this message. Am I right? You see the only way you can if you really following it, brother Bren call this message his holy ghost message. And this Holy Ghost message will cause you to love your enemy. Oh, come on. That's a Yeah. Love your enemy. Love those who who despitefully use you. Yeah. Pray for them. You know the word. That's the word. And the bride is clothed in the what? Word. You say, "I can't do it." Well, I know that. He knows that. But we have not because we ask not. Set your face like a flint. Sisters, I don't care if your best friend ain't going. Uh-uh. I ain't going nowhere with nobody. If you want to go the wrong way, go the wrong way. Ah, fair you. But my point is, you're living in the last days, last moments. You can see it, right? Don't be foolish like a lot of those people in those foreign country when when the tidal wave struck, they out there looking at it. You don't look at it. Oh, when this happened, the rapture going to take. Oh, when this happened, the rapture going to take place. My question is, have you made yourself ready? That's the big question. Have you made yourself ready? And you and I must You got to believe it. And I'm I'mma close this because it it did God I mean just my point is this. If you truly believe the Bible, it will not only work for you, it'll work through you. The one thing I loved about the ministry of Joshua, he included everybody. And he said, "We will all walk around Jordan." I mean Jericho, excuse me. He included everybody. And this ministry is the ministry of the Holy Spirit. Who is Joshua? Amen. So he includes everybody. You say, "Well, Brother Brooks, I I don't have no gift. I don't have no calling." But one thing Brother Brandham did give us. Everybody in this church has a ministry. Can I say it like this? And he said, "Come to church a half hour early." That's your ministry. If you don't have nothing else, but if you're faithful, now some of us can't do it because we got to work. But if you're faithful, God will give you something more. I know I I I just I I said this by the grace of God. When it all boils down to it, is you and God. Brother Random theme was only believe all things are possible. If you really believe it, people, you understand me? When hard times come, you still can smile. You still can shout. You still can dance. You still can praise God. You got to show God his your gratitude toward what he's doing. And I tell you what, I've heard the prophet of God basically say this. If you maybe it was someone else. I'm sorry. I don't want to cause him to say, but I'll tell you what's truth. A lot of times demons would trouble you. And it's all because you have you because of lack of worship. You got a troubled mind. Some the devil fight in your mind. Start praising God. You make him worship. The devil ain't going to stay with you. That's the truth. He ain't going to stay with you. As long as you worshiping the Lord, he's going to leave you. Right. People say, "Well, I can't get I can't get over smoking." Stop it. Just just just just don't do it. And the devil will leave you. You say, "I don't believe that." I'mma tell you why. He's a showoff. He like to He like people to see him. Y'all understand me? I'm closing. Right. Cuz you seen them all in the winter. Y'all don't have them like we do. 40 below and they out there in the snow. He like to be seen. The Holy Ghost likes to be seen. Oh, come on, folks. You say, "I don't believe that." Then why on the day of Pentecost, he had them jumping out of windows? It was an uprising, right? God, the Holy Ghost want to be seen. Some of us, we so afraid to get so happy we might speak in tongue. Oh my goodness. Anyway, the Holy Ghost want to be seen through you. Living word in living people. I people listen everywhere I go. I don't care where I go. People know I who I am. I let them know. I do not want the world to say have have to wonder about me. But you don't have to tell them I'm you're a Christian. I do. I tell them I'm a Christian cuz I want them to look at me as a Christian. Hallelujah. And if you don't tell them you're a Christian, they're going to disrespect you. Yes, sir. I've had them do that more than once. I say, "Hold uph. Not not only am I a Christian, but I'm a pastor. You ought to see them demons then. You got to stand up for Jesus. They're going to call you crazy anyway, but you ought to at least give them a reason to. I'm closing. I'm trying to close, but but my my thought is this people. You got a great pastor. None of us are perfect within ourselves. But when you see a man doing his best, right, give him honor cuz all of us fall short. But one thing for certain, I I I say it to myself, my wife, she's in the back. My wife has stayed with me for 47 years. Don't ask me why. I'm just But she had she hadn't had an easy road. Come on. And only love can make you do that. My wife does never has never said, "Well, see, has thrown up the past in my face." And neither have I. She's shaking her head. That's right. We have a testimony. And I'm closing. And I said that about five times, but I really I'm trying to. My wife and I has never screamed and yelled at each other in all the years that we've been married. I've never called her names. She's never called me names. I've never abused her uh you know, physically or anything. Why? cuz she's sacred and we're sacred. Y'all don't know that you're sacred. The word is sacred. And God has chosen you. And you are sacred. And if you've been doing that, you need to repent and ask God to help you. Come on. I've had brothers fighting. Ah, what are you doing? I don't know why I'm saying this, pastor, but I got to say it. I told those brothers the other Sunday, I said, "Oh my, you better be glad I don't have a law that would give me permission. You hit your wife, I don't like that." I told him straight up. I said, 'You might be bigger than I am. I hope I'm saying this in the right spirit, but my point is this. I don't understand that my Lord has never beat me. He chasens me. He loves me. He corrects me. But he has never abused me. And I'll say this by the grace of God. We we talk about the rapure but it must first start at home. Right. Brother Ren say if a house is holy an angel will visit. That's what we want by the grace of God. Let's stand. Forgive me. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All of my day, I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. Yes. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the [Music] fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. Oh, I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. All my life you have been. Oh, all my life you have been so Every breath that I am, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes. All my life you have been faithful. Yes. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing in the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] We said a few things at the end there. I hope it wasn't offensive, but I know by the grace of God, if you truly love God, your love for your husband and wife will be unconditional. Amen. And I believe that exactly right. You're one and there's no way I I would deliberately hurt my wife. Now we grew. We've grown. But when you mature, you understand you don't do that. And I'm not accusing anybody. I don't know you like that. But think about it. Each and every one of us are sacred before the Lord because of the Holy Spirit that's in us. And therefore, we ought to treat each other sacredly. That's the way I see it. You love the Lord. We give it over to the pastor by the grace of God. [Applause] Hallelujah. Isn't that wonderful? You know, I thought as our brother preached, you know, one thing a Christian can do is control the atmosphere. Yes, he creates the atmosphere. You know, if you had a wreck and you're sitting on the side of the road and your car is totally wrecked and it's all smashed in and everything and you're alive, you thank God. And you just don't sit in the wreck the rest of your life. you get on and you get up and you keep going. You know, the brother mentioned our wives and and those things and you know, I I feel Leslie and I have the same testimony, but that's the way we ought to treat one another, you know, and I I really thought tonight was a message about the path forward, where God wants us to be. Your past is not gonna do anything for you. It's history. You know what I mean? There there's no need having regrets if you made a mistake. You can undo it. That's right. But you can leave it right there and leave those things which are behind and press for a higher calling. You can't undo it. [Music] But you can put it under the blood, you know. And if if someone's been in in a wreck in their life, you don't keep taking them back to the wreck. See, you're in this wreck. You don't keep putting the fear in them that they're going to get in another wreck. You know, you talk about a God that saved you from the wreck. And he'll keep you from the next wreck. and everything's good. I I love this scripture. This scripture as our brother talked about this you becoming this book cuz this book is you. It's the prophecy of what you are to be. It's it's the first fruit that came to maturity, the word of God made flesh. and and brother James Hayes, a dear friend of mine, uh uh shared the scripture with me one day, and it's it's always been a part of me ever since. And he says, "And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us." We have known and believe the love that God has to us. The first word that was ever really spoke to me, if you want to say in the form of a prophecy or a Christian speaking to me and the believers, they looked at me and they said, "God really loves you." And they said, "No, you don't understand. God really loves you." They wanted they they recognized it. They wanted me to understand it. I know there was a reason for it. But that that became the foundation of everything, my survival, my getting through everything that I got through was the fact that he loved me. We love him. Amen. Because he first loved us. And our brother said it tonight. Everything you're going to do to go forward, you've got to go back to the fact that he loved you. Our messenger put it this way. There's only one place that God meets the believer. That's under the shed blood. And it ain't the like the shed blood like you think. It's the love that caused him to lay down his life. That's where he meets you is under the love of that shed blood. And what is this all about? It's all about us going into that capstone and having that love one for another. He says, "And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us." God is love, and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God. And God in him. And herein is our love made perfect that we may have boldness in the day of judgment. Hallelujah. That we may have boldness. Our brother said that tonight. That we may have boldness in the day of judgment. Because as he is, so are we in this world. Hallelujah. You want to go forward. People are wanting this and wanting that and produce this. You put the love of God in your heart, it'll do more than you can ever imagine. It'll it'll even allow you to forgive yourself. And I'll tell you, there's nothing in in looking back. I appreciated tonight's message. Amen. For a lots and lots of different reasons that I could never express. But I believe the whole church world, the bride, when I say the church, I believe the whole bride is turning that corner. Amen. Into that divine love. And the people aren't going to be divided by the ministry anymore. They have an absolute [Music] And not only did they have the book, but God gave them the divine interpretation of the book. And he gave them the example of the life that follows the word when you take it. And if we would all focus our eyes on that and just everything's church, you'll get well just coming into church, having someone hug you. You know, I was talking to brother and Joseph and and Sister Sarah and and and I I hope this doesn't sound wrong, but I know Sister Sarah's got a deep godly Christian love for me. She looked over at her husband says, "Go pray for him." You know, and I wanted to look back and said, "Sarah, you can lay your hand on me, too. And and that's the spirit, church. We can walk in this. Yes, sir. Everybody wonders what the Holy Spirit is. The Holy Spirit's God. Amen. And God is love. He that walketh in love walketh in God. And you'll only know the love when you start knowing how much he loved you and where he's taken you from. And so I I just thought it was great. And and uh so I don't know if there's anybody in here that has a need tonight. Maybe you've had bitterness in your heart and you just like that bitterness to go away. Maybe there's been something terrible happened in your life and you're tired of it having a shackle on you and you don't want it to. You want to go free. There's nobody here tonight going to judge you. But don't don't don't stay there. I always love the story of the prodal son because that's what I feel I've always been all my life. And then I finally dig myself out of the hole and I'm so ashamed of all the places I've been and I run to him and and I think I got to start at the bottom and I got to start all over again and I've got to work my way back up and and I got to prove to everybody everything I done wrong. You know what he does? He comes and slaughters the calf. That's right. In other words, he brings me back to the land. And then he puts the coat on me and he he gets the garment and brings me back and restores me as a son. There had to be a reason this was the age of restoration. So I hope your heart's tender tonight. I hope you realize that this isn't our home. And so no matter what failures that you've had in this life, I hope that you say tonight in your heart, I'm leaving that behind. I'm going to press for that higher mark. I'm going to make it. He said I could. He paid a price for me. I have the ticket. And as our brother said, he put the ticket in this heart. And that heart calls for the train. It wants to run to that station and get on board. So I want you to know you're my brothers and sisters. I don't care what you've done, where you've been, what you said. I want to be there with you. That's right. I don't want to have nobody that's not there. And I hope that this is the spirit that God sees in our heart. And like Paul said, though I understand all the mysteries and I speak with the tongues of men and angels and I understand all prophecy and I have not charity. I'm nothing. And I think tonight's message was God hid. People say it's simple, but that's where God's always been. Do you love him tonight? I don't know if there's anybody here that needs prayer. I want to pray because the atmosphere's here. If you're sick or you need healing, it's fine. If you don't, I'm I'm glad that you don't. You know, I would rather have a healthy church than a sick church that needed prayer. It means we had a good communion service. Amen. So everybody's good. Our brother wants prayer. So uh you're going to don't worry about that calling all the time, brother. You just got to do it. Anyway, we just pray for you. Anybody else needs prayer? Amen. Brother Isaiah, would you come and pray with me for our prayers? in his time. In his [Music] time, he makes all things beautiful in his style. Oh, and Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way. Oh, that you'll do just what you say in your time. Oh, and in your time. In your time. Oh, in your time. Oh, and you make all things beautiful in your time. Oh, I know my life to you. I bring each song I have to sing. Oh, be to you a lovely thing in your time. Oh, in your time. In your time. Oh, and in your time. Oh, and you make all things beautiful in your [Music] time. Oh, and Lord, my life to you. I bring each song I have to sing. to our lovely. [Music] I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was I was running out of time. Separated. The bridge was hard to walk from the far side of the castle. You held me your side. Oh, and you made a way across the great divine left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. Oh, and there at the cross you paid the debt I owe. broke my chains, free my soul. For the first time I had Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood of God. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have washed me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Oh, and you took my place, made it to Oh, you were there before. Oh, but in you all cry out again. Oh, now death has no sting. My life has no for I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have washed me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious. You took my place. And you took my place. Oh, you were buried for three days. Oh, hallelujah. Our death has no st. For I have been transformed. by the blood of the lamb. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood of Thank you Jesus, you have me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. as the deep end for the water. So my so long and after me. [Music] Oh, and you alone on my heart desire and I long to work. All for you alone are my strength my all to you alone does my [Music] spirit oh and you alone are my desire and I worship. Oh my. Hallelujah. [Music] You are my king. Oh, and I want Is that your heart desired enough? Any other so much more than anything. Oh, for you. You alone are my strength, my to you. You follow as my spirit. Oh, and you know my heart desire and I long to worship thee. Oh, and I want you more than gold. Oh, silver. Only you can [Music] smile. Oh, and you alone father, joy ger, and the full of [Music] My for you all are my strength, my to you. I know as my spirit. Oh, and you are my God. desire and I long to worship. Wonderful, merciful savior, Christ and friend. Who would have brought out a land? Would rescue the souls of men? Oh, you resue the souls of men. Oh, and counsel, comfort, to keep. Holy Spirit went on to embrace. You offer hope when our hearts. Oh, I hopelessly lost. Holy. Hallelujah. [Music] You are the one that we praise. You are the one we adore. You give the healing and grace. Oh, and our hearts always wonderful. Oh, our hearts of wisdom. Oh, and almighty and faithful father. Oh, and faithfully loving your own hearing our weakness to find. Oh, I'm falling before your Oh, we're falling before your [Music] You are the one that we praise. You are the one we adore. [Music] You give the healing and grace. Oh, and our hearts always. Oh, our hearts always. Oh, and all mighty [Music] infinite. Oh, and faithfully love in your room. Here in our weakness you find. Oh, and falling before your throne. Oh, we're falling before your throne. Hallelujah. You are the one that we praise. You are the one we adore. [Music] You give the healing and grace. Oh, and our hearts always wonderful. Oh, our hearts always Wonderful. My bird of life sells on the trouble sea. Ever there's a way in my s. Oh, but my heavenly father, he watches over me. Oh, and when the grace turns into [Music] I know the master of the way. Oh yes, I know. I know the maker of the rain. Oh, and he can calm the stones and make the sun to shine again. I know. [Music] Sometimes I saw dark canle in the sky. Oh, and among the kings my soul can be found. Oh, but an unexpected stor may drive me from the high bring me. Nobody would ever bring me down. [Music] Oh, I know the master of the Oh, yes, I know. I know the maker of the rain. Oh, and he can calm the storms that make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soul like an eagle in the sky waiting and abundant peace. My soul can't be found. Oh, and by an unexpected storm may drive me from the high. Oh, and he may bring me down. Hallelujah. Oh, I know the master. Oh, yes, I know. [Music] Oh, and he can count the storm and make a sound to shine again. I know the master. Oh Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the [Music] situation, oh and we will lift up holy hands. [Music] at all. I went on to worship you. Oh, it all I long to worship. Oh, we sing to you Lord and I and all he Oh, I long to worship you. Oh, and it all I long to worship you. Oh, and Lord, we come to you in worship. Oh, and no matter what the circumstance. Oh, and oh why the secretation. Oh, and we will lift the holy [Music] hand and [Music] all I long to worship you. Oh, and it and all he long to worship you. Oh, and in our heart and all I long to worship you and [Music] I I [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He has forgive me. All my sins have been washed from his name. By the blood of the lamb of God glory. Oh, and he had for me. Oh [Music] sing for my for my sins have been washed from his made for me by the blood of the lamb of God. Oh, and he he had for him. Oh, and I'm glad that he had forgive me. Oh, my [Music] senior from his name. Oh, by the blood of the lamb of God. Oh, and he he had for me. Oh, and I'm glad that he he had for him and me. Oh, my s have been lost. Oh from his glory of the lamb of God. Oh I hear. Oh me. Oh, in the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Oh, and in the morning when I rise. Oh, and give me Jesus. Oh, just give me Jesus. Oh, and give me [Music] Jesus. You may have all this work. Oh, give me [Music] Jesus. Oh, and when I [Music] never Oh, and when I am. Oh, and when I [Music] am Oh, and give me [Music] Jesus. Oh, and just give me Jesus. [Music] Oh, and give me Jesus. You may have this [Music] world Jesus. [Music] Oh, and when I am afraid. Oh, and when I am afraid. Oh, and when I am afraid. Oh, and give me Jesus. Oh, and just give me Jesus. Oh, and give me Jesus. You may have all this Jesus. Oh, and when I am in praise. Oh, and when I am in [Music] praise. Oh, and when I am in prayer, oh, they give me. [Music] Oh, just give me Jesus. Oh, and give me Jesus. You make all this world. [Music] Thank you so much for standing there praying with each need that came up. And you know, it takes us all. You never know. I You never know. you're just sitting there praying. But you know, so when that lady came up to brother Brandham, he looked at her and he says, "Oh, you're already healed." That lady way up there in the balcony when she prayed for you was all over. So, you know, we might have stood here, but it was your love that called him on the scene. And we can't share that glory. We can't go around and say, "I laid my hands on this person. I laid my hand when the work was already done 2,000 years ago and the price was already paid." So may he receive all the glory tonight. God bless you. We ask you to pray for Sunday service and and uh and keep brother Isaiah in your heart for whatever road the the Lord has in front of him and and the simplicity of God's word. There's always the victory. And pray for one another. Amen. And pray that every person that comes into our fellowship has the opportunity to have the spirit of God fill their heart with his love. And so we just pray that. So let's pray together as we're dismissed tonight. our gracious father. Lord, we need so many victories in our life that we could line up our problems and every time we found one problem, we'd find two more. And pretty soon, Lord, we'd have a stack of problems and a list of things that we need to fix about ourselves. And we start going back through time and we'd have so much to make right that we could bury ourselves in our inadequacies. the history book of our mistakes would become unreadable. But Lord, if when we just sit and we gaze upon you for a moment and we think about how much you loved us and that while we were yet a sinner, you died for us. knowing the beginning and the end of the book and you said, "Father, forgive them." Lord, and I pray that each of us tonight would accept that pardon and we would leave this building tonight different. And Lord, as I've tried to preach the the best of my ability and I'm so insufficient, Father, but this is an hour of change. And all you're looking for is us to change. And may every person walk out of here tonight changed for the better. And may we continue to walk in the spirit as you are in the spirit. And I just pray, Father, that the words that were speaking tonight become life. They become habit. They become reality. And I ask it in the most wonderful name that's ever been spoken in this earth. The precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. bless us now as we go in Jesus name. Amen. Do you love him tonight? Amen. Amen. Let's just sing that song. I like so many time that if you're walking right. Amen. We'll sing that as our dismissal song. [Music] If you're walking through the valley and there's shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe. Now listen because he promised to ever leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. You put a song of praise in this part of life. God is good all the time. Through the darkness, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. We will sing. Amen. So unworthy. So for us [Music] it fail with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Amen. For that his love, his everlasting and his mercy they will never end. God is good. They put us on my God is good all the time. The darkest night and light will shine. God is good. God is all [Music] Oh, [Music]
