################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - 2025.04.09 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 1) - Paul LaFontaine - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-09
Title:   2025.04.09 - Bro. Paul LaFontaine - The Key In "He Cares, Do You Care?" (Part 1)
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eykDNiiDeTY
========================================

[Music] All right there. See, let's just let's all stand and bow our heads and ask the Lord to bless the service tonight. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're so grateful for your your mighty hand on our life, Lord Jesus. Lord, you're protecting us, God. are Jesus keeping us Lord Jesus. Lord, with with so many things in our life that we can look back on and we can look and say, Lord Jesus, that you've kept us, Lord Jesus, from so many things, Lord God, you protected your sheep, Lord. We can testify of that tonight, God. But Lord, tonight, Lord Jesus, we still need molding, Lord Jesus. We still need, Lord, changing, God, from glory to glory, God. So God, we just submit ourselves to you, our minds, our hearts, Lord, our eyes, our ears to you tonight, Lord, that you could speak to us, God. Lord, we believe that you broke the barrier, Lord Jesus, that now, Lord, by your blood and the cross, Lord, we can we can have fellowship with you, God, and you can speak to your own, Lord Jesus. So God, we open up ourselves right now, asking you to do it, Lord, bless your word tonight. We also, Lord, just continue to pray for Sister Snow tonight, Lord Jesus. God, with just the emergency, Lord God, Lord, of of her health, God. Lord, with all the surgeries, Lord, we we know that you're working, Lord Jesus. So, Lord, a healing for her, Lord God. And we just uh believe it, God. We know the work's already been done at Calvary, God. But Lord, we stand in fa faith with their family, Lord, tonight, God, believing for the complete healing, Lord Jesus, that you offer for us, Lord God. Lord, bless their family, Lord. Give them strength, God, and raise their faith, Lord Jesus. We love you, God. We give you the glory tonight, Lord Jesus. Just bless each and everyone that's here, Lord. Bless the one streaming online, God. Lord, just for Lord, the next step with you, Lord Jesus. God, would you just clear up that next step, Lord Jesus, where we can keep moving forward as a body, Lord, we love you, God, and we just give this this time to you right now in Jesus' name. Amen. We can sing that that song. Only in you. Oh, only in you I am saved. Yes, Lord. Only in you I'm secure. Yes, Lord. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Sing only to you, Lord. Only to you I am saved. Oh, only in you I'm secure. Hallelujah. And only in you I find peace. So cover [Music] me. Cover me. Cover me. Cover me. When I am hurting, cover me. When I'm not strong, cover me. When I am going through the storm, cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that pass is all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Peace of God, cover me. Hallelujah, cover me. Yes, Lord. Oh, cover me. Oh peace of God cover me. Oh peace of God cover me. Yes Lord cover me. Lord cover me. Oh peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Take it up one. Give you I sought the Lord. Oh yes. And he answered me and delivered me. Hallelujah. From every fear. Oh yes. Those who look upon you. They are [Music] radant. They never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man. is for God. Hallelujah. And the Lord be and save me from all my enemies, the son of God. What does he do? Surrounds his saints. Oh, he will deliver there. Oh yes, he will deliver there. [Music] Oh magnify the Lord with me. [Music] All his name [Music] together with me. Yes, Lord. Exalt his name [Applause] forever. Taste. Oh, taste and see. Is it good to you that the Lord is good? He's so good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, yes. Oh, fear the Lord. All you saints who give you everything. Oh yes. Give you everything. [Music] Magnify the Lord with me. Coming all his name [Music] together. Oh God exalt his name [Applause] forever. Oh taste. Oh taste and see. Oh yes. that my Lord is still good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all the saints. Oh, he give you everything. Oh yes, we give you everything. Magnify the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, come [Music] exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. His name forever. Let us bless and let us bless the Lord every day. All never ending ever ending praise. May our incense rise and let us bless the Lord for every day and night. Oh never ending praise. We are let us let us every day [Music] never magnify the Lord. [Music] Oh his name [Applause] together with me. Oh come exalt his name [Music] forever. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praise tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Just greet one of your neighbors tonight. Say, "God bless you." Amen. It's good to have my sister Gabriella back in town for this week. Amen. And then a special happy birthday, Ian. Happy birthday yesterday, right? God bless you. Thank you for your service, not just uh with the church, but just your walk with God. Thank you for your service and all that you do. Amen. God bless him. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. It's good to be in his house. Praise the Lord. And we can see the Van White family back in the house of the Lord. He's brought us through. Amen. Hallelujah. The healing touch. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. You may be seated tonight. Hallelujah. Sing this. There is a river. I had this one. Just There is a river that flows from deep within. Oh, has you have you touched that water? Oh, there is a fountain. What does it do that frees the souls from sin? Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, come to these waters. Oh, there is a vast sun. Thank you, Lord. We know there is a river that never shall run on dry. Next one. Oh, there were there thirsty woman who was drawing from the well. Oh, hallelujah. Her life was ruined and wasted. Her soul was bound for heaven. Think about your testimony in that woman. Oh, but then she met the master. Aren't you glad tonight? Oh, who told of her great sin. Oh yes, Lord. He said, "Oh, he he said, if you drink this water, for you'll [Music] never thirst again. And there is a river tonight for there is a river. It flows and it flows from [Music] deep within. Hallelujah. And there is a [Music] [Applause] fountain that frees the soul from sin. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, come tonight. Oh, just come to these waters. Oh, there is a vast supply. Yes, Lord. Oh, and there there is a river that never shall run dry. Hallelujah. Let's all stand tonight. Over and over he molds me and makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay. What I Oh, the soul of honor I am today. All because and it's all because my Jesus didn't throw the cliff. We take it up one. Empty and broken. empty and broken. I came back to him of the soul unworthy. So scarred by sin, but he did not despair. He started over again. And I blessed the day. Oh, and I bless the day. He didn't throw away. And over and over and over. He holds me and makes me a slord into his likeness. He fashions the clay of the soul of I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. Oh, can we sing this last one? He is the potter. He is Hallelujah. the potter. I am the clay. Yes, Lord. molded in his image. He wants me to stay. But when I stumble and fall and my vessel breaks. Yes, Lord. He just picks up the pieces. He got to throw his car away over and over. Oh, he holds me and embracing into his likeness. He fashions the clay of the soul of honor. I am today [Music] Jesus. He holds me. and raise me into his likeness. He fashioned the clay, a vessel of honor I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away once again over and over. He molds me and makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay of vessel of honor. Lord Jesus, I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. Thank you, Lord. Amen. 1 Peter chapter 5 verse 5-7. 1 Peter chapter 5 verse 5-7. And likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. Yay, all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility. For God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble. So if you're looking for a channel, if you're looking for an inlet, if you're looking for the the basics, the basics of how to move the heart of God and him to move towards you or to move towards your need, it's the first thing they give and that is that he resists the proud. But when there's true humility shown, then you're going in his direction. And when you're going in his direction, he starts coming in your direction. You see how this works then? And there's so that shows us there's certain things there's certain attitudes there's certain things that we if we hold on to that it's it's not going to draw the heart of God. And so we have to be very um mindful of these things. So I love these scriptures because humble yourselves there therefore verse six humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God. How many believe he's a mighty a mighty God? Yeah. And he's able to step in with his mighty hand. Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God that he may exalt you in due time. All this is about your it's it's about you coming towards him and then him coming toward you. Casting all your care upon him for he carth for you. Amen. May God bless the word tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. You may be seated. I want to thank God tonight that I can have 100% freedom to preach all that God has put on my heart without pressure from a denomination or from inter internal expectations from you or anybody. I I want to really thank God for that. We don't thank God for enough for these freedoms and blessings that I could actually take my Bible and whatever God inspires me out of the word, I can preach on it tonight with no denominational limitations. And we there was a ministers meeting a few uh months ago. I think it was last year actually. And we're having some good regional ministers meetings. So real healthy and good fellowship. And each time the brothers get up and do a presentation of a certain subject and we all learn from it. And so one time they had the subject of the sovereignty of the local church. And they wanted each minister to speak. What does it mean the sovereignty of the local church? Because brother Bram says each church is sovereign under God. Under God and the pastors the head. We're not under a denominational head of headquarters. And so each church is sovereign. So they wanted to preach on they want us to each one preach. And so nobody was jumping up. So I said, "Well, I'll talk a little bit about Well, then when I realized that I would talk about it, um I hadn't really studied. I didn't know too much about it." So I basically got up and I did what I did tonight. I said, "Brothers," I said, "I I don't I'll just give a few scriptures on it that I believe it's important that each church is not under some headquarters somewhere." But I said, 'I can tell you that for 35 years being a pastor, I have enjoyed the benefit of God's each church being sovereign. And I said, I want to thank God for that. That I know what it feels like to not be under somebody's thumb telling me what to do, pressuring me what to do. You can't preach on that, you can preach on this. So, I just wanted to echo that to you again tonight and to God. I'm thankful for that tonight. And uh tonight will be an example because I'm just I just been uh I'm just going to be exploring tonight into a little bit of a new subject. And uh so we're just just laying a few foundations for it, but it's not something that necessarily that I haven't been considering for many years now that I've been uh going over in my mind and my heart. And uh to be honest with you, as a pastor, I've been on a little bit of a inward journey. It's been an inward journey for me, just me and God. And uh for my own deeper discovery of myself and my life in Christ, uh and you know, whenever you find more uh of your life in Christ and more of yourself and how the enemy and your weaknesses and study those things, how the enemy uses, whenever you go on that journey, it's real funny. I was in the chiropractor office today and they always do unique things in there and I walk in just to get my back adjusted and the nurse said, "We're we're taking we're saying, "What's the first thought come that come to you this morning? What's a good point to encourage everybody in the office today?" So, what what's your thought today? And we're going to type it in and they'll probably put it on the walls and everything. And so, let me think for a minute. And so I thought I said you I said the journey of the heart is a dangerous one and uh a scary one but it's always worth it. That's what I said and everybody was quiet in the whole office, you know, they're trying to ponder this deep thought from a pastor, you know, but it's the first thing that come to my mind, you know, but I can say personally that I'm I'm kind of on that journey now. And I don't know why we wait so long. Some of us wait too long to do it, but you can be a Christian for years, but you just desire to go deeper. and you just desire that if there's any hindrances and things in my life that I'm holding on to, not talking about sin as such, but things that's in the heart that's unresolved or complexes, whatever they I'm just on a real uh close journey with the Lord with that. And I don't know how long that'll be, but all I know is when we do that, it's more freedom. We can be ourselves more in Christ. And uh and and then I always study these things too so that I can be more equipped as a pastor and a counselor to have more equipped with more discernment to be able to help others because I want to be more effective in helping other people. And so it is it has been and so here's what it was been on my heart and that is this comes from a sermon brother Brand preached. He cares. Do you care? He cares. Do you care? And so, um, I want to just take my time and go slow. It doesn't mean tonight I'll take my time, but I don't know how many more series I'll get into in this, but I just want to just break ground on it tonight a little bit. See, see, maybe if you can join me, and you're welcome, of course, to listen to that sermon and uh, just take it in while we study a little bit. But there's something in here. And when you have a title in a sermon that's called He Cares, Do You Care? I would say that that uh at face value, this seems like a general sermon concerning the heart of God that cares. And it is. And and uh even the title, even the title would draw us all in to maybe want to listen to it or to do that because we're interested in a God who cares. How many is interested in a God who cares? Most of us have been Christians for a long time. So we already basically know that maybe even a surface level, we know God cares. We know there he's a God who cares. But uh and and and that's a wonderful thing. It's and it's it's so you know uh he cares. Do you care? It's it's something that reminds us that God I like to be reminded that God cares. And at a certain level just knowing that he cares can bring comfort to us when we go through a pain and we go through different things in life. Just knowing that he cares. But I just want to say tonight, it does not say in this title that just that he cares, but it says he cares. Do you care? And so there's a little bit more to it than just standing back and saying he cares. And I know God cares, but there's another element to it and actually brings us into it. He cares, but do you care? And it I can't help but just think that there's a certain uh uh supernatural thing that begins to work here when you have both sides working. When you have God who cares and is ready and willing to take every situation that he already knows about every pain, every situation, every loss, every sin, everything, every mistake that you made, he's aware of all of it. And he cares for all those things. He cares for for what it is that you're going through tonight. He cares for what you've been through when you were a little child. He has a care. He has an understanding of that. He knows it. And he cares for your heart in that. So there's no question of that. But this title takes it deeper because there's another side to it. He cares. Do you care? It it makes me think that you could have a caring God who cares, but if you have someone who didn't show the fruits that they cared, then it's not going to work. So the complete there's a complete picture and when we say that he just he cares it's not complete without our side being engaged. There's another element to our side that comes in and with our our without our side being engaged then it's not a complete picture. Is is he still a caring god when men don't care? Is he still a caring god when men don't care? The answer is yes. It doesn't change his caring. He's still a caring God even when men turn their back on him. Even when men backslide, even men w That didn't take away from the caring God. He's still a caring God. Even when men don't care. Yes. But see, limitations are put on the results when the other side is saying the with words or with actions, I don't care. And I want to emphasize that because people can say with their words that they care about God, about him helping them, but their actions may speak something different. So I want to emphasize that if we're saying with if we're saying with our mouth that we believe God cares and I care that he cares, but we have to show it with our actions. If your actions say I don't care because people can say with their actions, I don't really care. Uh words can say a lot. Uh but Jesus said there are people who honor me with their lips but their heart is far from me. How many remember Jesus saying that? So I don't want to be that way. And there's a quote I want to bring in this series that he said we must get our subconscious is all saying it. But because maybe your past there's a bunch of hesitation in your subconscious and it's not really believing. There's a little bit of unbelief. There's lies there. There's scares there. You're afraid to believe because you don't trust completely. So if you've got a subconscience that's not on board, but you got a conscience saying yes, yes, yes. Brother Bam says if we can get believers with their subconscience and conscience lined up with really believing, something's going to happen. That's right. So, this is something brother Steve Brassan and other brothers have have blessed us with to show us because there is hundreds of examples in our message that show how brother Bram's talking about this how the subconscious and the heart there's something detached there and it's causing the person not to get the full benefit of believing everything they should believe for. And so we have to be a deep people to say,"Lord, if there be any unbelief in me." Wasn't there a man in the Bible who says, "God, I believe, but help thou my unbelief." You could say, "Well, I thought you believed." What about what are you saying about unbelief? He's saying that if there's any unbelief in me, Lord, help that. Care for that. Because I can confess what Lord, I'm saying. I believe, but help my unbelief. Help the areas that are weak. Help anything that the devil is using there to hold me back. My past, my upbringing, my legalistic background, oh God, help me not to let that hold me back from you. The devil can use a lot of stuff to hold people back in their hearts. And yet, they're on board at church. They know this is right. I believe the message. I've been raised this way. But listen, we got to go deeper than that. Amen. So you can never get to the full completion of a God who cares if you got your li as Jesus said your lips honor me your heart is far from me that ain't going to work we want the full completion so there are both sides uh these what happens is both sides are caring for the situation and I say situation there's a need there's a there's a healing that's needed there's a there's something there's a financial need that's needed and so automatically we know God cares right God cares about the need. But you see now when it works where there's a supernatural connection with both sides caring for the situation and when that is there both sides are coming the potential is there for a supernatural God to step in and not only say that he cares but actually step into the situation and do something about it. That's what we want to see. That's what we're hungry for. We're hungry for apostolic times to move us again. move among us again. What is that? That's a supernatural God that's actually been released among us. There's nothing holding him up from doing this supernatural work. We need it. Can you say amen? And it's not like I'm going to work it up by the music or work it out by something. No, no, no. We need our faith anchored. We need our hearts anchored. We need to be stable. Can you say amen? In an age of emotional instability, we need to know our place in the word and stand there and say, "I believe this with all my heart. I believe God's going to do this." I'll just go ahead and say it. We got a testimony in today and the sister didn't say we can mention it. But listen, a couple weeks ago, somebody there's a few families that latched on to this whole thing of had it right and saying, "I'm going to ask for eternal things. I'm asking for my family." I believe a lot of you done that. You should stick by it because when you start asking for eternal things instead of just carnal things, it's from the heart. I believe God's going to step in for your family. and she got a phone call just this week from one of the family members she was praying for and said, "I want to come and I want to visit church." I say, "Praise be to God." See, this isn't just sermons. It's the faith of the people that latches on to it. It's got to be an action more than just words. Praise the Lord. And so when there's a there's a there's a connection of these two parts that really care, then something supernatural can come in, a point a a a meeting point where where a caring God can meet with a heart that cares for help, a heart that that then and when that happens, there's a heart that really cares for help. I'm willing to do what I need to do because I need help. And then you got a caring God when then that meets and we see it all this situation the need is affected by a supernatural God. My opinion and this just my opinion uh on this sermon this sermon he cares do you care is not just a sermon and I'll just say that none of the messages in this message are just sermons. If you ever look at it that way my goodness you're missing it. They're not just sermons. They're announcements. That's right. They're not just sermons. They're teaching they're teachings adopted sons. Can you say amen? And and so it's not just a sermon. And this particular sermon is one of those I call that's not a doctrinal sermon. He cares. Do you care? Not is not necessarily a doctrinal sermon. Uh under the ministry that we've been given uh coming through Malachi 45 and 6 and Revelations 10:7. under that ministry there's been many in fact all the mysteries revealed or restored back to us. How many believe that the mysteries have been revealed uh the the the doctrinal loose ends were tied together by the Bible and by the seventh messenger to tie the loose ends together. So you take doctrinal things and you take what happened in the garden and the trinity and all these other things that that there was so many loose ends to all this and the last messenger is to take the take the Bible and through the inspiration of God to restore us back. So a bunch of the doctrinal loose ends are tied to there. If not I could safely say all of them are tied together and the mystery of God is finished. The doctrinal loose ends are tied together by the prophet of the last days. Uh taking us back to Bible truths. The whole of Bible truth has been restored through the message. But the message is not all doctrinal. It's not all just doctrinal sermons. And those who don't listen the message, you're not going to know that. But those who do, you realize it's not every sermon that's just a very mysterious revealing of a deep doctrinal thing in the Bible. Not all of them are that way. And this he cares, do you care? I would not label a doctrinal sermon. Not all sermons are doctrinal. Some are instructional. Some are faithbuilding. Can you say amen? Some explore the mercies and the grace of God. The one God rich in mercy. How many enjoy that one? God rich and mercy. Some explore the grace and the mercies of God. But some are related to teaching sons in the time of adoption because this is the time of adoption. Uh I I believe the message paradox is an adoption uh son's adoption sermon. Uh these these things why cry and speak? Why cry speak? That's an adoption teaching. You're teaching sons. You're teaching them how to step forward in the word, in the spoken word. So, they're not necessarily extremely doctrinal. They're instructional to sons to come to adoption because this is the age of adoption. So, the world can look at these, oh, that's a nice general sermon. And somebody who's not called to become adopted son, they're not called to it. They'll gravitate to the faith sermons. Can Can I be honest tonight? They'll gravitate to just the early faith sermons or the ones in the later that are just faith sermons. If that's all you want to hear, then you'll just isolate and you start picking out the you should if you need faith, listen to those things. Praise the Lord. But it's not the whole message. It's not just the faith sermon that wow, I've heard testimony after testimony. He preached on David and Goliath. Bang, bang, bang. We got a lot of great faith preachers in the message. Sometimes I have them in to build the faith of the people through testimonies. God can heal God and and so they build the faith of the people to a certain thing to believe for a certain thing. But you see now not all the sermons are faith and people will gravitate just to a certain thing that they want to hear. Some people gravitate just to the real deep teachings so that it makes them more uh uh know more than the next guy. That's not the that's not a good purpose. God didn't give us this message so we can know more than the next guy. God didn't give us this message so that we could be proud and say we know more than the denominations. Well, that sounds like a real adult adopted song singing that. No, he didn't give us even the deep truths so that we could say I know more than the next guy. These deep truths ought to take us to a deeper life in God. So, but people will gravitate to certain things. Mile, the Lord just dropped it in my heart. There's some people that gravitate to just the outside standards of dress and holiness. And that's all the sermons you hear and that's all the quotes you hear. Why? Because they may have come from a certain holiness background. And when they started to feed on the message, they said, "Oh yeah, Brother Brandham identified what they taught me in the holiness church." And so now they connect with only a part of the message and that's all they preach. If we can just get everybody lined up in their dress, then we'll have a perfect bride. I'm sorry that's not the way God says it. I should get some bigger amens in that. Praise the Lord. I had a brother tell me Sunday and I I I I respect him for saying he says, "You kept saying say amen." He said, "But I'm try I'm trying to ponder some of the stuff. Give me time before I say amen." I said, "That's us preachers. We want some response. that helps us. It says sickum to the devil. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. So, so you see now we we can't and and and let me just make a comment on that. We can't just isolate. And people a lot of times from their background, what they came from, will gravitate to a certain part of the message and they'll grab all the quotes and they'll miss all the other quotes. If they come from a real uh Baptist theological background, if they're not careful and take the whole word, they'll gravitate towards that and the whole message becomes just intellectual. If they come from a Pentecostal background and they're used to that and they've seen the power, they seen the work of God back there, say, "Well, I'd like to see that again." So, they'll they'll preach that. A lot of times what you preach, you you'll get some of those results, but I'm not interested in just a portion of this, but I want to look at look at the whole thing. I'm doing a little training tonight to teach you. And let me say this. Let me say if any influence in your life has caused you to be discouraged to listen to this message, that's your enemy. Because you know what it's causing you to do? You back off from listening to it. You say, "I got a little question about it." Now, don't let the devil put seeds of doubt because you are missing one of the greatest things God sent to us. And if you'll look at the whole picture, you'll see it the way I see it tonight. No, God has breathed on this generation. It's not about brother Brandham. It's about what God breathed through the voice of the prophet. And I'm tell you friends, there's more in here than what we realize. There's more in here that meets the eye. And it's not just a dress code. It's not a dress code to be crammed down the people's throats and our young people's throats. Is the dress code a part of it? Is it part of it? Yes. But holiness isn't even what you wear on the outside. It's the holiness of God first. Can I get it? It's holiness on the inside. It's a holy God. Praise the Lord. It's just you and me tonight. So, I'm being honest with you and preaching what I feel is on my heart and all the other hundreds that are listening maybe. But I have to be honest and say we do that sometimes. We just gravitate towards certain things. Don't let the enemy put seeds of doubt in your mind that you back off from listening to it. That's that's deceiving you because it's taking you away from the one of the greatest things. Even if young people get a hold of this and put this on their phone instead of Snapchat, then you'll start having more of a Snapchat with the Lord. You have a relationship with him. It'll take you back to the Bible where you know where you stand as a young person. So don't be, oh, it's just that. And I remember my wife saying for years in the church that she was in, grew up in, it was all just very doctrinal and the quotes and things. And so when she come and the Lord touched her heart and filled her with the Holy Ghost, she was a little scared to read the seal book. But she said cuz she thought, "Oh, that's just that's way out of our reach. This is just" and somebody had planted that in in her mind, but she said, "I'm going to go ahead and read it." And when she read it, it wasn't that way at all. It was simplicity. And it didn't just show the mysteries. She said she's seen her position in the word by reading the seals. Don't ever let the enemy, I don't care who it is in a family member or some website. Put seeds of doubt in your mind to this message. This is what God has sent us in this age. And it's blessed. And if you'll feed on it, it'll take you back to your place in the word of God. Can you say, "Praise the Lord." Hallelujah. And so now, uh, you know, uh, not all things are doctrinal, but you see, there's things that are teaching. So, some some sermons, I'll say it this way, are the keys. And, by the way, I'm still laying a foundation, and I'm going to close here in a minute. I'm still laying a foundation. Some of the of the sermons are keys to unlock things only for sons and daughters of God that are coming to adoption. Amen. Some sermons which I believe this he cares do you care is a key and you remember God is wanting to hand the keys of the kingdom to his people. Because not everybody has the keys. Not everybody has the keys to this church. Not everybody has the keys to my office. Not every you see so it's just a select few. And Jesus, you say, "Well, my goodness. Whosoever will will come." Yeah, that's right. He welcomes everyone, but not everybody will receive it. And so he says, "It's given unto you to know though the mysteries." Then when he comes to the kingdom covenant, the kingdom comes by the filling of the Holy Ghost. What's the first thing he do? He said, "Peter, I've given you the keys to the kingdom." So, it's not just that you have the kingdom in you by the Holy Ghost, but God wants you to give to give you the keys. And when you have the keys, it unlocks more of the kingdom to you. See, you I got a key now. I'll stick it in there. I could have called this the principle. He cares you. I don't want to. The principle is used too much. The principle, it's gets too But when you talk about the key, that's to the children of God. He gives us the keys and you get a little key. It unlock unlocks faith to you. It unlocks more to you, more of where your position is in Christ. And I feel that some sermons are the keys to unlock. And and so this service definitely is because it's the keys to the kingdoms in the hands of the people. This sermon, I believe this service uh of he cares, you hear is not only encouraging, but a key to something for here that we want to look at. He cares. Do you care? So, let's go back to our scriptural base. All right. It's uh I just want to comment on that, not pass it too quickly. 1 Peter chapter 5. And as I said, I'm taking this real slow. Chapter 5. 1 Peter chapter 5. And we read verse 5. Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves unto the elder. All of you be subject one to another and be clothed with humility. This is one of these scriptures here that rarely gets preached on. And I'm going to say too, I don't see a lot of this in the true body of Christ. Still, what don't you see, brother Paul? All of you submit yourself one to another. There's some other scriptures I don't hear preach very much and don't see. want me to mention them? Nobody's Oh, thank you. Appreciate it. Confess your faults one to another in the fear of God. It'll affect your faith when you're praying for the sick. Confess your faults for another to one another. And the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availth much. So, it's not just your effectual fervent. What makes it more effectual? Confessing our faults. And I rarely see it in the body of Christ. I rarely see that kind of honesty. One brother said there's just not trust. You know, somebody might go tell somebody or whatever. So, so it it it just doesn't happen. There's some other ones. There's some other scriptures that we don't uh you know, see sometimes. Uh I think there's one back there in Peter or John that says, "If there any come among you and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God's speed. For he that bidth him God's speed is a partaker of his evil deeds." If somebody's bringing apostasy that's contrary to what the doctrine that's been brought, don't even receive them in your home and don't wish them God's speed. Don't say, "God bless you." And it's all quiet. These are in your Bible, too. But you don't hear that type of thing preached. And yet, we must be missing a benefit because we need those protections in place. Sometimes there's a there's one place that says to withdraw yourself from a brother who walks disorderly. goes on to say later, don't treat him like an enemy, but admonish him as a brother. But it actually says to withdraw yourself from a brother who's acting that way for a time. We don't want to hear these things, but you see that they are things that are part of the body of Christ. And this is a scripture I think that we submitting ourselves one to another. I'm going to read it in the amplified verse 5. Likewise, you younger men of lesser rank and experience, be subject to your elders. Seek their counsel. Another thing I don't see very much is the younger seeking the counsel of the elder. But the Bible says to do it. Be subject to your elders. Seek the counsel. And all of you clothe yourself with humility towards one another. Tie on the servants's apron. That's what the Bible says. This is submitting ourselves one to another. It says, "Tie yourself onto your servant's apron." In other words, you find the right thing, you trust, cling on to that. A lot of people in the body of Christ and in this message miss opportunities for the nine spiritual gifts, word of wisdom, these different things that they miss it because they will not uh submit themselves to it, give themselves fellowship to it. So God could speak something through somebody. Oh, I just caught a key there from a member of the body of Christ. I've caught something. They spoke it, brother. You didn't know it, but God spoke through that. Help me cuz I now I know what to go do. We're missing a lot of what God has supplied in the body of Christ because we live too much to an island to ourselves. And there's a lot of lack of trust out there. And that's why people don't trust anymore. But we cannot start having a lack of trust in what God provides for us. That's Satan's work is to cause us to lack of trust in something that we really need. We can't be an island in the body of Christ. And I'm not forcing you to be friends, but I I'm saying don't miss out on the opportunity of not just the preaching, but what the body provides. Cuz where's Christ today? He's not in the message books. He's not in our Bibles. He's in his people. Christ is in his people. Say, "But they look too flawed and there's too many mistakes." And I've got too many mistakes. No, I'm not talking about your mistakes. I'm not talking I'm talking about where Christ is. He's in his people. Don't underestimate when he says, "Submit yourself one to another. Tie onto the servants's apron. For God is opposed to the proud, the disdainful, the presumptuous, and he defeats them, but he gives grace unto the humble." And then the next structure he says verse six, "Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God that he may exalt you in due time." So when we realize what the Lord is saying, I want to get back to this now. Humility will Humility will put you forward to God. Pride will put you backwards away from God. Humility says that I really care to get help. Cuz I'm coming broken. I'm coming humbly. Uh even when it comes down to just people admitting that they made mistakes, they can't do it. Can't do it to one another. Sometimes they can't do it to God. I feel so defeated. I can't even go to God with this. But God wants you to come to him. He's welcomed you to come in humility. Well, he don't want to hear what I've got to hear. Listen, he's heard it all. And he actually knows what you did before you even come to him. So, he wants you to humbly come back to him and say, "I need help. I don't want to go to some other source for help. I want to come to you, Lord. I've done this. I've done that." Or maybe it's not something you've done. Maybe I'm in dire need. I'm fighting for my life here and I'm coming humbly before you. I have no other source. Sister Lori, she has no other source. The doctors have done what they can do. And now we're just praying. And I know if she could pray, I know she's praying in her heart. She can't speak right now. But if she could, I know Lori well enough to know she's going to go to the throne of God. She's going to go humbly and say, "God, I need you right now. I need healing in my heart right now. But we've got to come humbly." And this is probably a foundational thing is this grace. He says humility will put you forward to God for grace to come to you. All of us want grace to come to us. We want Mr. grace. We need grace. We need his help. Humble yourselves and that brings you towards him to lift you up. And we say he'll exalt you in due time. Well, it doesn't mean necessarily a position, but he'll lift you up. How many want God to lift you up? When you're down in the mud, you want God to lift you up. God, I need help. You know, you you guys all know the the story of the man who was drowning and and he says, "God, help me. God, help me." And this guy comes by with a helicopter and then another guy comes by with a boat and he keeps turning them down because he says, "I asked God to help me." And they drown because three times God sends a helicopter, God sends the boat, God sends another person to help him, and he turns I asked God to help me. Listen, humble yourself to the way God is going to help you. Can I get an amen? Humility says that I don't, as Brandon read the quote tonight, we don't make an idol out of God and we don't say, "God, I want you to answer and I want you to answer this way." We don't do that. We humbly say, "I need help you can help me, Lord." It's the right entrance. It's the right way to approach God. That's gets rid of pride because pride he won't respond to. But humility puts you in a position he'll lift you up and he'll come toward you. And then at the end of it, he says, and I just want to get that just before we get to the end, may exalt you in due time. There's a process. So now we're coming to to him showing we care, showing, Lord, teach me. Lord, purge me. Lord, I've got a lot of baggage from my past. Lord, I need you to purge me. I need you to clean me. I got I need you to heal me. My heart is so damaged by my past. I need you to heal me. And when you come humbly, he'll do it. But he'll do it in his time. Amen. In due time. None of these time restrictions on God. You people like me have impatient problems. It took you, Henry and I were talking today. You know, it took you 20 years to gain all that weight and you want to lose it all within three weeks. No, it took you a long time to gain it, but we're not willing because it, you know, it's a it's it's an impatience problem. We want it now, but in due time, God will step in due time. So, we're willing to say, "God, I care. I really care and I'm I I need you. I need you to answer in this situation." And so whatever it is, you humbling yourselves to come honestly and laying it all out on him. Look what he says here. Casting all your care upon him. What does that mean? It means we're coming now and we're laying everything on him. Whatever it is, you're humbling yourself. You're coming honestly. You're laying it all out. It's Lord, this is here. It is. I'm not hiding anything. There is no other source that I'm going to. He is mighty. I go to no other to him. I care so much that I submit to his full counsel completely and I cast my worries and I cast my cares upon you. And it's not just casting and leaving him there. I think there's casting and saying, "Lord, I'm sitting here listening. Help me to get out. Help me bring an answer." Hallelujah. Well, I'm enjoying this. I enjoy what the what it's saying here. So on the one side, we have a God who really, really cares for our cares and our worries. He really does care. And then you listen to the sermon and he starts going through the scripture. God showed he cared with Moses. God shared, he showed he cared. He stepped in. He cared. And so he's got a history. There's no question in our minds tonight. He cared for you. He cares. So on the one side though, you have a God who really really cares for our worries and cares for our cares. Uh let's look at what that means just a minute. Let's just take this side and and I'm going to break this down more, but it's just kind of a summary tonight or a foundation that I'm laying. You got the side of God cares. He cares. Look at what that means. It it does not mean that God endorses sin. And these are very basic thing. You probably already know this, but just in case you don't, uh, I want to let you know this is the way the world starts interpreting a God who cares. It does not mean that God cares and is caring is endorsing sin. It does not mean that he helps hide things that you're hiding. He doesn't care. say, "Well, God cares and he helps you hide things that you're hiding." That's not a God who cares. You understand? And so, it does not mean that he helps hide things with you. It does not mean that he coddles your feelings or your lack of faith. God cares, but it he doesn't show he cares by just coddling your feelings or coddling your gossip or joining in with your gossip or coddling your lack of faith. He doesn't coddle demon spirits. He doesn't coddle just your feelings because this is the way I'm feeling. It must be the truth. So God, do you care about my feelings? Well, God cares that you have about your feelings, but he doesn't care to coddle your feelings. I think of Gideon. God God doesn't care to come along and just keep uh endorsing your complexes that you have. I think of Gideon. If you read the scripture, not this Gideon, but the one in the Bible, Gideon, Gideon comes and God looks in the lamb's book of life and says, "Gideon, thou mighty man of valor." And Gideon's hiding, you know, under the wine press. He's scared to death. Scared to death of the Midianites. Oh my goodness. He's scared to death. And the word comes and says, "You're a mighty man of valor. I need you to lead an army." And Gideon says, "You must have the wrong guy. It's the wrong Gideon." There are some other ones. There's one here. There's, you know, there's a few, but it must You must have the wrong one. No, I don't have the wrong one. This is what the book of life says. You're a mighty man of valor. So Gideon says, "Talk to me. Talk to me, but I don't believe I'm the one." So when he talks to him, he starts giving his excuses and his complexes of why he can't do it. Moses did the same thing. And what I find in each of these instances that God does not coddle the complex or do a pity party with them. He doesn't join in with it. Can you say amen? Matter of fact, you keep doing it, God gets angry, gets upset. I'm telling you the word of who you are and you keep leaning towards your complex. God starts to get a little upset while so Gideon, he's saying, you know, I don't come from that great of a family. He goes through his family history. I don't have much money. It's been a while since I read it, so I'm just going off the top here, but he gives all these excuses. God, every time never addresses any of his complexes or excuses. He keeps pointing them back to the lamb's work of life. This is the what what the word says you're going to do. And that's our Lord. He can only see us by our potential of what we'll be. Aren't you glad tonight? Adopted son of God. That's his that's his agenda. That's what he purchased you for. That's what he got you back for to bring you to adoption. You don't see yourself there tonight, but God sees you there. And so he doesn't cater. So get back to what you're preaching, Paul. It does not mean he coddles your feelings or your lack of faith or your complaining. He's not He doesn't join in with your membership at your pity party. A lot of people will. They'll join in with you. If I can just find somebody to gossip with me, if I can just find somebody that that will cater to my being a hypochondric and always having problems and diseases and everything. God doesn't do that. He's not. He's he he cares, but his caring is not to come into your pity party. It does not mean if you have made concrete conclusions about things, he's just going to take your side with those conclusions. Can I can I hear an amen? That doesn't mean that God cares. He's going to agree with all your things. He will care with understanding, with affection, but he he will care with truth. Always truth. And you should say, "Thank you, Lord, that you'll be truthful. He'll speak the truth in love to you. Even if it hurts because the way he cares, this the way we need to care for one another. The way God cares is through affection and understanding and discernment and truth. Amen. Further, he shows his care. When he shows he cares, and this is the point I want to get to, he will show that he cares, not just by standing back and saying the words, I care for you as a God. God doesn't come all the way back distant from your life and just, you know, fold his arms and say, "I just want to let you all know I care. I really care." That may be how some people do it, but that's not the way God cares. And this is my one of my biggest points tonight. God shows he cares when he steps in and does something about it. He doesn't just say, "I care." But he wants to step into your situation and show his supernatural way to show that he cares. How many can raise your hand and testify, "I've seen that God has stepped in situations in my life and I knew God cared for me. I knew I've always believed he cared, but when he stepped in, he did something about it." So God doesn't just say, "I care. I care. Care." And also, there's people in the world say, "I'm glad God cares. I'm glad God cares." But when God steps in and does something and it shows him real, you see then then they say, "Well, I didn't really want God to do it that way. I didn't really want God. I want him to care from a distance. I want it to be the Bat Midler song that God's watching us from a distance." You've heard me sing that before. I won't sing it tonight unless I get a lot of response, but you know, big number one song. God is watching us from a distance. And that's exactly went to number one song because that's where they want their God from a distance. They don't want God inside of them. They want a God that will show up in an emergency. And when you when when you fix the emergency, I need you back out of my life. And God doesn't sit back and say, "I care. I care." People like a God like that. But that's not when he says he cares. Do you care? When he says he cares, he wants to step in and show his power. Can you say amen? He longs to step into things and change and bring victory to the situation, causing us always to triumph. The Bible says, the Bible says, "Blessed be our Lord God, who causes us always to triumph in Jesus Christ." He wants us always to triumph. We always win. Can you say amen? I've had people that are on their deathbed and they're believing for the healing and they'll believe to their deathbed, but because they they say the words. I had a brother say it today. Either way, I win. What a mature attitude. I believe God can supernaturally bring me up from this deadbed, that dead bed, death bed. But I also believe if he takes me, I still win. Praise the Lord. So his caring is more. And James deals with this in James uh book of James with us in our treatment of one another. What did the profit my brethren though a man say he had faith and have not works? Can faith save him? If a brother or sister be naked and destitute of daily food, and one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warned. I hope you find some clothes. I hope you find some food in the trash can. God, may you provide some food in the trash can for them. Notwithstanding, you give not those things which are needful to the body. What does it profit? Even so, faith, if it hath not works, is dead. Being alone. So, James is applying that to us when we we say, "Well, I'll pray for you." Sometimes it needs more than a prayer. Sometimes we can only pray. That's all we can do. But sometimes it needs to be more hands-on. And we don't want to be like that because God's not like that where he says, "I really care. I know you're naked and don't have food and stuff like that. I really care. I hope and I'm praying that it works out for you." Sometimes food is needed. Sometimes clothes are needed. Sometimes meeting the need, God's calling you to do it. So if that applies to us, then we know it applies to God. He does not stand back distant and say, "I really care. People of God, I really care." He wants to act and show himself mighty on your behalf doing what you can't do. God wants to do what you can't do. God wants to do what no man can do. We serve a God who wants to step in to every situation. Why? Because he cares. And his caring doesn't stand and say, "I care." He wants to do it with actions. He wants to step into it. He cares for not only bringing the deliverance. He cares for not only bringing the deliverance and answer, but he cares for what is in your heart that holds you back. So, let me stop there. God not only cares for bringing the deliverance and answer, but he's actually caring for what it is that's in your heart that's holding you back. He cares that deep because there's a disconnect. I want to care. I want to deliver. But there's a disconnect. So, does he care for that? He cares for that, too. Us ministers, if you're listening as a minister, we can't just be behind the whole pulpit preaching, but we this caring God that says, "I care." We have to be a conduit for that caring God. We have to care. Can you say amen? And also, not just care that they get deliverance maybe in a service. It's just like our our sister today who testified it was really good. We think sometimes when we pray for salvation that the person's going to come to the altar or he's going to do this in a certain way and but it may not be an altar. It might be alone in the room and God gets a hold of them and they give their heart to God. We see we put God in a box and they have to be at a certain camp meeting but God can work anywhere. Can I get an amen? God can work anywhere. God can do his work. But you see now God does not want to just deliver you but he cares for your heart. us ministers, we need to care for more than just the people listening to us and saying amen at church, but we need to care where their heart is. Because if you've been a pastor for as long as I have, you see, sometimes people can come from years and their heart issues are not being addressed. Now, you say, "What do you do about it?" Well, sometimes I care and sometimes people tell you to mind your own business because they're not ready to go the journey of the heart yet. They think they're pious. They got it together. I'm in the message. I'm fine. And the discernment of the Lord says, "You're not fine." I'm not talking about everybody. I'm talking anybody who's got those unresolved things. And you see a pattern and the patterns are exactly the same and they're not changing. Something's wrong. You got unbelief there. You got pride there. You got um you got you've been abused. Whatever it is, God cares for it. God cares for it. But you can't, you see, there's a if people don't if ministers don't catch this, he cares. Do you care? When it comes to the part of knowing God cares, us ministers know that we're a conduit to bring the God who cares to the people. But you also have to have a care for where that person is at. Because you can preach all the greatest messages and yet if their heart's not right, there's a block. There's a hold from them connecting to God. just get them in and have a big meeting and you know just get under the anointing. Sometimes that works, sometimes it don't. Come on now. You know that's true because why? It's not a problem with God and it's it's it's not a problem with the preaching, but that person doesn't realize themsel that there's some lies that they've believed about themselves. There's something laying in their heart that they're still believing as a lie and it's not the truth. And someone's got to talk to him about that and say, "Let's talk about this. Let's get it out in the open and let's ex maybe expose the enemy." And I've watched it within within just minutes. Sometimes the lie gets exposed and they say, "Wow, did the devil ever have me defeated for years. I'm feeling free right now. He told me a lie about myself. It's not true. I'm feeling free. This is what God said about you. This is what your daddy said about you. This is what God said about you. This is what your uncle said about you. This is how God cares for your heart. This is how you were abused. And your identity. I told it to a brother a few months ago who had a a thing happen when he was 11, 12 years old, I think it was. And so what you don't realize is the devil has used that for the for years because you've bought into the identity of that incident that happened that that was you and that you're you're always going to be under that cloud of what happened. And I'm here to tell you that's not true. You didn't do that and that's not your identity. Your identity is a son of God. Freedom comes in truth. Is this okay tonight? He cares, but do you care? He cares. Do you care? So, he wants to act. I know as we're getting close to closing here. He cares for not only bringing the deliverance and answer, but he cares for what is in your heart that's holding you back. The prayer lines in brother Bram's message prove prove this over and over again that sometimes God had to remove the hindrances first before they got their healing. What is that? That's a God who cares. Sometimes in the healing lives, the hindrance had to be removed first to pave the way. God will be honest with you. God will speak the truth in love. So if that's the God that's the So I'm just going to bring this now to a close. So I just covered that side. A God who cares is not a God who says he cares, but he wants to step in and change the situation. And he wants to care for the thing that's keeping you from a connection with him. If that's true with God that we say his caring is not just saying I care but no action you see then it must be true on this other side over here this is the side I'm choosing the sides here this is God that cares this over here is that do you care okay now if God is one who says I care and it's more than words it's actions he wants to step in and do something Then when we say we care, it can't be just words. That's right. That's true. Can't be just words. It's got to have some things to it. And you'll find as you read in the message, he cares. Do you care? There's there's little things dropped in there to show how we approach God and what we offer to God to show that we really care. We're serious about deliverance. We're serious about being free. It works on both sides. And so we have to show we care not by just our words uh but we're caring in our actions starting with humility and honesty and truthfulness. If you care you reach out for help yourself. You see if you care you reach out for help yourself. I just say this politely to you is that somebody needs to reach out. Somebody to reach out. An older minister said one time you must have been getting criticism because did you did you reach out? Did you do what you did you do that? And there are some situations, friends, you don't know how much to reach out because there are some people that don't want you that involved in their life. So you you call too much and then it's too much. I don't know. I I didn't take the mind readading course. So this is a tedious job sometimes because but then then you want somebody to call every day. And so if I catch some of that then I'll be more mindful of it. I can't live on just people's expectations. You see, I just have to know in my heart I do care. You know, I've said it before here that uh I may not if you call me to come and you're stuck on the highway with a flat tire and you call me to come and help. Well, first of all, you're calling the wrong person. You should call Henry for that. And Henry is saying, "Thanks a lot for giving. There's other people to call. But you know what? if there's nobody around you, I I would try to do it. But listen, I'd probably be calling Henry, too. Say, "Hey, let's go help them, you know." But you see now is is is people say, "Well, he didn't care. He didn't even care." No, it's probably because I don't know how to change a tire. But he didn't care. He didn't care. But you see, now I I've changed a lot of flat tires in your life over the pullpit. I've cried and grieved and been up through the night bearing with you the burdens with you and what you're going through. When I do get to spend time with you, which I I hate it. I've said lately that uh when the church grew a little bit, it's been tough on me because I'm a real hands-on. I like friendships. I like to be close. I like to know what's going on in your life. It's been impossible to know that with everybody, but I try, but I can't do it all. But it's my heart. And you know what? When I lay my head on my pillow at night, I have to know that I care. Ministers have to have this care of God. He cares in their heart or you can't be a proper minister. If you don't have the care of the people to study and to pray and get the food for them and feed them, that's first. You know, I'm I'm sharing my heart with you tonight. The first thing that I do as a pastor, brother Bram says the the shepherd leads the congregation and feed by feeding the people. If everything else, if I don't get to everything else, if I'm feeding you, that's what I'm supposed to do. And hopefully I'm doing the right thing with that. I want to stay faithful that I want to stay locked into God for that to make sure I feed the people. But then after that, there's other things to do to show that you care. But you see now if if I don't always have the time and it's been a little bit difficult on me to handle the challenges of so many. I thank the Lord for my precious brother Brandon, brother Boaz, uh some of the staff, some of the ministers, uh the deacons. God just at the right time sent a lot of extra help to our precious congregation when I needed it. And I thank God for it. But still my heart is, you know, every day to be at Tim Hortons having coffee with all of you. I would love that. I honestly from my heart would love it. But you have to know at the end of the day, do you care? I'd say a minister who doesn't understand this, he probably shouldn't get in the ministry. He shouldn't be behind the pull pit because you are the conduit for a God who cares. Can you say amen? It's not just getting up and preaching a good sermon. You have no idea. Read in second Timothy where Paul is or excuse me, 1 Corinthians reading this morning and he gives all the perils of ministry and he says if you don't know that this is part of the ministry you know beaten thrice and you know shipwrecked and he lists about 15 things there it's the perils of ministry it's the burdens of ministry and that's what ministry is about and so it's not just preaching but you if you you have to show that you really care and it's not just words, but it's actions. Can you say amen? A minister is a conduit for that. We are all conduits for that. But God cares. And sometimes, you know, our caring when we care and show we care to God. Then we don't just say, "I care." But there has to be an action to it starting with humility. And I'm going to end I'm going to read the first paragraph and he cares, you care, and then we'll get to the rest of it another service. Um we'll continue to study for it. The first thing he says, there's a couple testimonies, but just before he says the testimonies, he cares. Do you care? He says, first to approach this, the audience must be anointed with faith. And if you do not have faith, there's no need of even coming to be prayed for because it's going to take your faith and my faith together. My faith to believe him, your faith to believe him. So, we don't forget this now as I go along. We've got to have something evidently with evidence. I mean, that we can base our faith upon that we're trying to do. Because if a man approaches anything he wants to do without sufficient faith, he's bound to be a failure. But if he can approach it with sufficient faith, then he's bound to succeed if it is according to God's will and purpose to do it. He's laying in the foundation of faith. There's going to be other things that we talk about that we show we care and come towards God. I want to talk about those things. But here's the first thing is faith. And it's not just faith is saying I believe. It's faith with works. It's it's actions. It's to step out. It's to it's not I believe, but uh uh there's some evidence to what you believe. There's some evidence to what you're believing. There's some trust. There's some You know, I'm going to read a couple incidences. I won't read them tonight. Right away he goes right to two incidences that he dealt with a preacher who had a complex. He married them at the pull pit. You'll read it when you start reading the sermon. Married them, took off on their honeymoon, just as happy as anything. When they got all the way to the east coast on their honeymoon, Satan bound that man with a complex that he had. You know what they did? They were so distraught about it, they got in the car, turned back and come back to Jessville. Couldn't get a hold of brother Brandham. There was too many people, all kinds of me people waiting at the motel and they just begin to pray. Came all the way back. We've got to see them. There's something wrong here. Waited there in the parking lot. Brother Brandham says, I got up and I just started to drive around. I felt led. I was supposed to go somewhere. I turned around, came through the parking lot of the motel and they knocked on his window says, "Brother Brand, we didn't expect you to come here." They went in the motel. They shared what was happening. God showed what happened and within minutes that man was delivered to that complex. And brother Bram says, "You see, he cares." He does. But who showed that he cared now? Who showed that he cared? That man was willing to get in his car. He showed some actions with his faith. And to drive all that way, the next incident is a woman who tried to get hold of brother Brandham for nine years. She wanted an interview, wanted to talk to him. Nine years. She was troubled. I'll get back with you sooner than that. I guarantee you nine years and finally she's there outside and they they try to push her off. No. No. And God shows him a vision and it was something that happened when she was a little girl that was troubling her and the vision exposed it and within minutes she was delivered in due time. If you humble yourself in due time he'll lift you up. He starts giving these incidents because he's trying to show it's not just that God cares. He's ready to step in. How much do you care? Are you catching it? Faith has to be with action. And there has to be an evidence to your faith to step out. And he says in this quote, because if a man approaches anything he wants to without sufficient faith, he's bound to be a failure. But if he can approach it with sufficient faith, then he's bound to succeed if it's according to God's will and purpose to do it. You see what he's saying? It's not just that God cares and he can do it. He can. But he's saying if he approaches it right with sufficient faith, then he's bound to succeed. He's bound to succeed. Why? Because you bring those two things together of real faith and a God who cares and a brother or sister who really cares, something's going to happen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Let's stand together. through sunshine or shadows. [Music] He carth for you. He carth for you. He carth for you through sunshine shadows. He car for you. Yes, Lord. He carth for you. He carth for [Music] you through sunshine. [Music] [Applause] shadows. He car it up just a little bit. Brother Kenny, can we sing it now? He car for [Music] you. He careth for you. [Music] Oh, [Music] through sunshine or shadows. He carth for you. Before we go tonight, we have many needs and we just want to remember them before the Lord again. But I don't want this to be just a sermon tonight. I would like you to really take it to heart. Pray about it. Realize this is a a key that unlocks the door to many things when there's a connection that we really show we care. And God steps in and show us he cares. No doubt you have things in your life right now. I don't know all of them, but no doubt you have things in your life. You could raise your hand say, "I need a God who steps into my situation. I need a supernatural God." May I offer the heart to God that says he says he's really caring. He wants me. He needs me. Can you say amen? Sometimes you say, "Lord, I need you. Lord, I need you. Lord, I I have no other path. I don't want to go to another path. I really need you to step in. May I show that I care by my faith tonight." lay your hands on one another tonight. Brothers to brothers, sisters, and sisters. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, it's been good to be in your house tonight. And Lord, after many years of following you, Lord, we feel like in some ways we're still catching some of the keys that you brought in the message that unlocks the doors and unlocks more faith to us. Faith actually is the key that unlocks the door and your prophet taught us. Lord, tonight we see something in front of us that it's important not just that you care, Lord, but that we care. Lord, that we could offer up our heart and faith that has substance and evidence to it, Lord. That we show by our humility and by our honesty, by our confession, by our faith that we really are interested in being free. Help us to understand, Lord, these things. We praying for our brothers and sisters, the Snow family tonight. We're lifting them up, Lord, for a deliverance and healing for Sister Lori, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, that cares for all things. Step into the situation, Lord. I pray step into Lord uh her hospital room tonight, Lord, and be near our sister. I pray my sister Sharon, step in, Lord, and touch her with your physician's hand. I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We ask it, Lord. Step into my mom's room tonight, Lord, and touch her as she's listening in. Lord, touch her with your physician hand, Lord. Let it be different tomorrow, Lord. Bring strength back to her body in the name of Jesus Christ. Take all that anemia out of her liver. I pray. Take all that cancer out of my sister Sharon in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, I pray you'll touch Brother Bill Bailey. Take that cancer from his throat. Lord, in Jesus' name, we curse it in Jesus' name. And Lord, this heart issue with Sister Lori, we just curse what the enemy is trying to do. And Lord, we stand in faith where all the needs tonight. I know there's emotional needs and financial needs and Lord, sometimes mental things, Lord, and sometimes just spiritual needs. I don't feel close to God. Lord, would you step in and be the God who cares for every need tonight? I pray. Lord, would you just be near us? I pray. Be near every need. I pray. Lord God, we commit it to you. If we really want to be free, Lord, may we show it to you by our hearts cry. I pray. Bless every hand that was raised, Lord, that we want a God who cares. All laying aside all the sideshow and every other thing. And Lord, may we look at this message not just as doctrinal, but may we look at it, Lord, with all the nuggets and truths and keys that you have put in it, Lord, that we could find our positions as sons and daughters of God. How we love you, how we thank you, Lord. And we pray that you'll bless this little series that you've been talking to me about. May it help the people. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Sister Lor's uh kidneys have started working on their own now during this service as we pray. Hallelujah. Somebody say hallelujah. Praise our God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Lord, bring her completely out. Lord, we rejoice in this victory. Father, I know they're rejoicing there. We rejoice with them, Lord. Thank you, Father. Finish the work. We pray. Lord, and may our faith be put upon your word tonight to believe for every every step of the way, Lord, for her complete healing. Thank you, Father, in Jesus' name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, we need to go singing a victory song tonight. There's victory in the camp. Can you say amen? We have a God who cares. We have a God who's ready and willing to step in and we're we're thankful for that. Praise the Lord. I'm going to put my armor on. Yes, I'm going to stand in battle and sing. [Music] Seems like I've been sitting on my circumstance too long. Yeah, I'm going to put my armor on. Hallelujah. Yes. I'm going to put my armor on. My armor on. Yes. Hallelujah. Going to stand in battle and sing my savior song. Seems like I'm [Music] insir one more time to sing it. Praise God. [Music] Yes, I'm going to stand in battle and sing my savior [Music] song. Seems like I've been sitting on my circumstance too long. I'm going to put my armor on. Hallelujah. Oh, God has given us the victory. Amen. He's given us the victory by the word I saw light by the power of his might. Oh God has given us the sing it again. Oh God has given us the victory. Oh God has given us the victory. By the word I saw the light by the power of God has given us the victory. Victory. Victory. You know God he's really given the victory. Yeah. Victory. Oh victory. God has given us the victory. God has given us his peace of [Music] mind. It's all like by the power of God has given us peace of mind. Peace of mind. Oh, peace of mind. God has given us his peace of mind. Peace of mind. God has given us peace of mind. Oh, God given us peace of mind. God has given a visit from Gabriela Pal. Forgot to announce she's here tonight. Good to have her. It's only temporary, but at least it's a visit anyway. God bless you tonight. You're dismissed. God has given us overwhelming joy. God has given us overwhelming joy by the word I [Music] so. Oh yes he has. Overwhelming joy. Overwhelming joy. God has given us overwhelming joy. Overwhelming joy. Oh yeah. God has given us overwhelm. What's the next one? God has given us sweet victory. God has given us his victory. By the word I saw the light of the might. God has given us the victory. The [Music] victory. Yeah. You know God has given us a victory. Well victory. Victory. You know, God has given us the [Music] victory. Amen. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood washed man. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day the master came and made me a member of the blood. Sing it again. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood. Wash man. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I was bound by chain of sin till one day the master came and made me a blood. Hallelujah. Were a band of Christian soldiers fighting Satan every day. We're standing up for Jesus while we're kneeling down to pray. If his precious blood has hit you and wash away your sin, that makes you a member of the blood washing man. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood washing. I've been washing in the soul with the blood of the lamb. I was bound by chains of sin till one day the master came and made me a river of the blood washed man. Listen, God's children are advancing, marching till we reach the go for the battle's almost over. We'll soon be going home. I can hear the sound of angels as the saints go marching in. singing praises to the captain of the blood wash. Amen. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood washed man. I've been washed in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I will. Amen. Hallelujah. Till one day the master came and made me a singing one more time as we go. Praise God. I'm a member of the blood wash. I've been walking in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Well, I was found by changing sin till one day the master came and made me a member of the blood washing man. I say praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
