################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-24 - 2025.08.24 - Bro. Jason DeMars - The Four Loves - Jason DeMars - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-24
Title:   2025.08.24 - Bro. Jason DeMars - The Four Loves
Speaker: Jason DeMars
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DrrBhLoLbk
========================================

just because he's God. Let's all stand and sing this. When I come into his presence, oh yes. Oh, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up. Why don't you do that this morning? Just let go now. And I began to worship you. Yes, Lord. Oh, I worship him. Sing that again. When I come, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. [Music] That's what you got to do this morning. I worship him for all he's done. Oh, he's done for me. Redeemed and set me free. And because just because he goes for all he's done for me. [Music] He's done for me. Oh, and set me free. Oh, because Oh, just because Oh, just because [Music] just because he's [Music] Give the Lord some praise this morning. Hallelujah, Lord, because you're God and God alone. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Brother Malachi, would you come up lead us in a word of prayer this morning? Amen. It's so good to be in this presence again. Praise the Lord. It's good to be here. Amen. Now, let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just want to welcome you this morning, Lord, into your house, Lord, into uh our hearts, Lord, as well to our spirits, our minds, Lord. Just want you to have your way in every part, Lord. Just ask that you'd anoint the service, Lord, and meet each need that's here, Lord. We have so many requests, Lord. We're such a needy people, but we know that you meet all of our needs, Lord. You're all mighty, all powerful, Lord, and we just so thankful for your love in our lives, Lord. Undeserving of your grace and mercy, Lord. just ask that you'd move Lord in a mighty way as we give the service to you now in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can I hear you say, "Praise the Lord this morning." Amen. One more time. &gt;&gt; Yes. Praise the Lord. He's worthy this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. It's good to be in his house. Let's sing this one. Our God is tremendous. Same key. Um but let's go around and greet each other as we sing this chorus. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. He's the Almighty. He's his angels. Keep it. Keep it. Yeah. There you go. There's no storm too powerful. God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealing you and me. Came down from his glory. gives us the victory. The greatest of story. Our God, our God is tremendous. Strength never fails. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. He's the Almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealing you and me. So down from his glory gives us the victory. Greatest love story. Help me sing these verses. When I'm in need, when I'm in need, I call on the Lord. What does he do? And he hears me. Yes, he helps me. And he is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. Hallelujah. He's my companion. He's my companion. He's my best friend. The only true God. There's no one greater. A wonderful savior. My Jesus, the Lion of Judah. Tell him he's tremendous this morning. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. Go through the fire just to save the sinner. Oh, he's the Almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealing you and me. Came down from his glory. Gives us the victory. Greatest love story. Hallelujah. When you're in trouble, he's Jehovah, the great enforcer. God Almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Hallelujah. Your victory will come not the way you think it should, but my great Jehovah just loves a paradise. Stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. God is tremendous. The strength never fails. Go through the fire just to save the s. He's the almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no spirit powerful our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed to you and me. Came down from his glory. Gives us the victory. Greatest love story. Came down last time. Came down from his glory. Gives us the victory. Greatest love story. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Amen. When you start to recognize that all that God did before time, before we were even here, was all in pursuit for you. His pursuit was his bride, was his pursuit was you this morning. Amen. Amen. Even this morning. Amen. He he he wanted you to hear God's word, his word, and his letter to you this morning. Amen. What a mighty God we serve. Praise the Lord. Amen. Jesus key of D. Jesus on the main line. I want to sing this one. Maybe not. That's when I choose keys. I need to send him his lifts like a year before and then maybe you can get the right keys. Jesus on the main line. You got to tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. We've got Jesus on the main. Say that again. Oh, Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you are. Oh Jesus on the light. Tell him what you are. Oh Jesus on the main. Tell him what you want. Oh my. Tell him what you want. You need healing this morning. Oh, if you need the healing, just tell him what you want. You need a healing. Oh, tell him what you want. Hallelujah. If you need a healing, tell him what you want. We got Jesus on me right now. Oh, if you need us what you want. You need what you want. [Music] Jesus [Music] made me ask you. If you need the Holy Ghost, just tell me what you want. You want the Holy Ghost. Tell you what you want. Tell me what you [Music] see. If you want revival, if you want just [Music] what you want. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. Jesus on the what you want. Jesus on the way. [Music] Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You may be seated this morning. Hallelujah. He's available anytime, any place, anywhere. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. He's so good to us. Amen. Let's key of Father. Oh, hell king Jesus. Yes. Oh, hell manuel, [Music] King of Kings. The Lord of Lords bright morning star. Hallelujah. Oh, and through eternity [Music] I'm going to pray is here. [Music] and forever more I will reign. Why don't you just Oh, just lift your hands to him this morning. All hell king Jesus. Oh hell, King Jesus. Is he your king this morning? Is he sitting on the throne of your heart? Oh, hell Emmanuel. [Music] Oh king of kings, the Lord of lords, the bright morning star. Yes, Lord. And throughout eternity, [Music] I'm going to praise him. And forever more I will reign with him. I'll sing this one day. Star lily of the valley. Let your sweet aroma fill my life. Is that your desire this morning? Rose of Sharon. Oh, rose of Sharon, show me how to grow in beauty in God's house. [Music] Meditate on these words now. He's the fairest of 10,000. Lord, make me a reflection of your love. We cry this morning. Hey, star shine down on me. Oh, let your love shine through me in the night. This your desire. Leave me, Lord. Oh, Lord, I'll follow anywhere you open up the door. Yes, Lord. Let your word speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before. Let's all stand singing. Lord, I want to be your witness. And you can make what's wrong and make it right. Make it all right. So they star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. Sing this now. Oh yes. Lord, I see. Oh Lord, I see a world that's dying, wounded by the master of deceit. Oh yes. Oh, we're opening in the darkness, haunted by the years of fasting. Oh, hallelujah. Testify this morning. But then I see you standing near me, Lord, shining with compassion in your eyes. your eyes we cry Jesus shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] [Music] As a breakfast, [Music] let your words speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before. [Music] Yes, Lord. Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. [Music] Oh, stars shine down on me. Let your love shine through me. Come now. We'll sing this for they are new every morning. Sister Paula Cely, would you come up and get prepared? new every morning. Great is your faithfulness, [Music] oh Lord, for they are new every morning. Oh, new every morning. Oh, great is your faithfulness. One time. For they are new every morning. Oh, new every morning. Oh, great is thy faithfulness. Oh Lord, great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. [Music] You may be seated this morning. Hallelujah. Morning star, [Music] light of creation, grassy Feels a velvet floor. Silver clouds a shimmering curtain. He's designed a perfect world. And I'm amazed [Music] at all his talents. [Music] A standing now of one so great. Now my soul begins to sing out [Music] to the source from which it came. Bless the Lord who reigns in beauty. Bless the Lord who reigns with wisdom and with power. Bless the Lord who reigns my life with so much love. He can make a perfect heart. [Music] I'm amazed at all his talents. I stand in awe of one so great. And now my soul begins to sing out to the source from which it came. Bless the Lord who reigns in beauty. [Music] Bless the Lord who reigns in wisdom and with power. Bless the Lord who reigns in my life with so much love. He can make a perfect heart. Bless the Lord who reigns in beauty. Bless the Lord who reigns with wisdom and with power. Bless the Lord who reigns my life with so much love. He can make a perfect heart. He can make [Music] a perfect heart. He has made [Music] a perfect heart. heart. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. He reigns our life with perfect love. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Brother Ben, where's Brother Ben? Ao, would you come up? Um, so before we do uh my my son, oh my goodness, I can't believe I have a son. But uh before we do his dedication here, um just a little backstory in the song, I think is honestly this last week when I I call Leo Bubby sometimes and uh just when I talk to him and uh I think Olivia caught she was like, "There's a song that says Bub on it or something like that." And then she started singing the song and then uh I listened to the song. I loved it. I was like, I think I'm going to sing that for his dedication. A day later, um Ryan Snow text me and it was just he had no context at all. He just sent me the song, the same exact song. And I was just uh I was like, Lord, this is this is what I want, you know? I want the song is simply um I want to be like you because he wants to be like me. We have such an impact on our child's life and I want to I want to have the that reflection just shining through me, his reflection shining through me. So, we'll sing this one. Pull up those lyrics here. [Music] He climbs in my lap for a good night hug. He calls me dad and I call him bug with his faded old pillow, a bear named Pooh. He snuggles up close and says, "I want to be like you." [Music] I tuck him in bed and I kiss him good night. tripping over his toys. As I turn out the light, I whisper a prayer that someday he'll see. He's got a father in God. Cuz he sees Jesus in me. Lord, I want to be just like you. Cuz he wants to be just like me. I want to be a holy example for his innocent eyes to see. Help me be a living Bible. Lord, that my little boy can read. I want to be just like you cuz he wants to be like me. Yes, Lord Jesus. I got to admit, I've got so far to go. Made so many mistakes and I'm sure that you know sometimes it seems no matter how hard I try. With all the pressures in life, I just can't get it all right. Oh, but I'm trying so hard to learn from the best. Being patient and kind, filled with your tenderness. Cuz I know that he'll learn from the things that he sees. And the Jesus he finds will be the Jesus in me. Lord, I want to be just like you. Cuz he wants to be just like me. I want to be a holy example for his innocent eyes to see. Help me be a living Bible, Lord, that my little boy can read. I want to be just like you cuz he wants to be like me. [Music] Right now from where he stands I may seem mighty tall but it's only cuz I'm learning from the best father of them all. Lord, I want to be just like you. Cuz he wants to be just like me. I want to be a holy example for his innocent eyes to see. Help me be a living Bible, Lord, that my little boy car. I want to be just like you. cuz he wants to be like me. I want to be just like you [Music] cuz he wants to be like me. Hallelujah. Perfect in all of your ways. You're perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. You can come on down. You are perfect in all of your ways. You can bring the baby up. You are perfect in all of your ways. Yeah. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. [Music] Praise the Lord. Is it okay to have brother Reggie and sister Charma up with us? Why don't you guys come up and my wife as well? It's a real privilege today to dedicate little Leo Lefontaine to the Lord. And uh one wish I would have wish my dad was here cuz he's named after my dad also Leo Joshua named after the middle name of Joelle who's here this morning as well. So God bless you. It's good to have the Ramlaw family in with us today. And uh we just um appreciate that song. Wow. It just convicts all of us. We want to be just like him because they want to look to us. So we want to bear that image of him as the very best we can in all of our mistakes. We want to bear that image of Christ. So, we appreciate how many enjoyed that song. That was good, Gideon. Praise the Lord. I didn't I think that's the first time we had a song with Pooh Bear in it. I'm going have to check the quotes on that. I don't know. That was It's in there somewhere. Okay. Praise the Lord. Well, I I wanted to read a scripture here this morning. maybe a couple scriptures, but one that caught my attention a couple days ago, and um this might be a little different for dedication, but it it speaks of something that's for all of us, and it is related to our children. You'll find that here in the last verse, but Psalms 103 and verse 8 says, "The Lord is merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and plenteous in mercy. And when David says that, it reminded me of the service brother Brandham preached. God rich in mercy. So these scriptures about his mercy and his mercy being plenteous to us. He will not always chide, neither will he keep his anger forever. He hath not dealt with us after our sins, nor rewarded us according to our iniquities. For as heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him. As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us. Like as a father pityth his children, and that means he loves them. A father loves his children, so the Lord pityth or loveth them that fear him. For he knoweth our afraid. He rememberth that we are just dust. As for man, his days as a gr or as his grass, as the flower of the field, so he flourisheth, for the wind passeth over it, and it is gone, and the place thereof shall know it no more. In other words, everything here and everything that we have may end someday. It probably will, but it says, but the mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to everlasting. There's one thing that'll never end, and that's the mercy of the Lord. It's continual. And the way he words it here at the last, he says, "The mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to everlasting un upon them that fear him and his righteousness unto children's children." Brother Reggie, that's where you and I stand today. And um I have a little sermon I preached through the years, different places has been a blessing to people, but it's based on God rich in mercy. and I title it living in conditions that need a God rich in mercy. And when you take those places in the Bible that are extreme times, extreme immorality, extreme uh uh compromise, and then the fruits of that is to have our children raised in a world that just so contrary to the precepts of God. And it actually brings a little scare when you look at this new generation. There's such a joy here today. And yet there's a little concern because if God terries and time goes on and this little boy grows up, he's going to grow in a world that's already bad and getting worse all the time. But what I found in the scripture and we can even go back to Moses day when God sent the prophet Moses and there was 400 years that God promised. He says, "My children will go into bondage, my people, but I'll bring them out by a mighty hand." But he waited until the cupanic of iniquity was full. And when the cupanic of iniquity was full, which reached the end of their slavery in Egypt, then his promises, his promise kicked in. And it was his mercies during the time of the worst times of slavery. That's when his mercies begin to rise. And whenever you see a decline going in the generation to immorality and a place that's unfit to raise your children, you know what? may find an increase in the mercies of God. I think every parent ought to say, "Praise the Lord this morning because when things get worse in the world," he says, "I need more of my mercy." Can you say, "Amen." Conditions that need, how many would raise your hand, and say, "I need a God rich in mercy." He titled it rich. He's not sparing in mercy. We need more of his mercies. We need his mercies to raise our children. Can parents say amen? We need more of his mercies. We we we are living in a society that's declining and God has in in in he's inclining in his mercies. I think we can apply this to raising our children as well. I think we can can apply it that the father is pitiful towards his children. He's loving to his children. He's merciful to his children. And this might be a good lesson for all parents is that we need to be merciful to our children. We need to love our children more than we ever have. We need to care for our children. We need to be sensitive to our children all the while training them in the principles of God. But to be pitiful like our father is to have mercy on our kids and give them care and love through all these times and through all their seasons and stages of life. If the father is pitiful towards that to us, we need to be that way for our children. They need love. They need sensitivity. They need instruction. They need correction. but no correction without a caring for their hearts. Can you say amen? So the promise is also that the mercies would increase and pass on. This is the good one that I like. His mercies will pass on and increase and they'll pass on to unto the children's children. And that's a great promise that I can hang on to today. Many things will end. Your possessions will end. Many things in life will end. We'll lose people. We'll lose loved ones. Things will come to an end. But his mercies will never come to an end. And his mercies will increase as we need it more. Praise the Lord. I'm thankful for that this morning. And I just want to I wanted to read another one. If you hold this, honey. I And this one here is for me and Brother Reggie. Proverbs 17:6. Just reading dedication scriptures, but I'm including brother Reggie and I. Proverbs 17:6, if you get to know this family, you fall in love with them. And they have laid in the precepts. [Music] Thank you. I'm just finishing what I said about Egypt. When they were in slavery, God's mercy sent a prophet and sent a prophet with the word. And when we come to Satan's Eden in the last days, when we come to this extreme condition, God's mercies send us a messenger, send us a message, we have an we have a we have a we have a strength in this word. When we parents and even churches don't have the strength for this age, God's mercies sent us a word to stabilize us and give us something to raise children. My dad said, he said, even if I found out all this was wrong at the end, he said, I'd still raise my children under this message. It's the best thing God has ever sent. Praise the Lord. He says here that um children's children are the crown of old men. So, we got a crown in many ways, not just the gray. Children's children are the crown of old men and the glory of children are their fathers. And that means fathers that are trying to raise their families in a godly way. Godly fathers. I appreciate this godly father. I appreciate all the godly fathers. And the children's glory are fathers like that. Praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. Oh my. Good looking. And it didn't come from us, guys. That's for sure. You're not going to wake up for this, bud? You're not going to wake up for this? No. He said no. Okay. Heavenly Father, I am moved this morning to be dedicating this boy to you or someone would ask me years ago that I'd be dedicating my grandson. I never would have dreamed we'd come to this day. But Lord, we bring them to you because at the end of the day, Lord, we we really don't have the strength within ourselves. We don't have in our own strength the boundaries and the protections, but your word has provided those things. Lord, there's a token to apply to our homes. There are precepts. There are many things that you've given us, and they're timeless. And even in the worst of ages, if we'll apply those, Lord, then our children as we dedicated to you, we'll be protected. We'll be loved, and we'll be watched over even by angels, as the scripture says. We pray that you'll do that for little Leo Joshua Leontaine. We pray, Father, as this legacy continues on. And I would have loved for my dad to be here today. But God, we pray that the the Holy Ghost that he held in front of us and that I hold in front of my children, in front of this church, Lord, within that is the mercies of God to put your hand over this child and all of our children. Lord, take little Leo and use him for your kingdom. Watch over him. Keep him from harm and danger. Put your angels around him, Father, as we give him back to you. He is yours, Lord. We take him as a gift. We be as stewards over him and bless Gideon and Olivia. Give them wisdom as parents. I pray we give this little boy back to you at the end of the day, Lord. He's in your protection. He's in your love. Bless their family. Bless the Ramlo family, Lord. Bless our family as you continue to guide us, Lord, and navigate through this age. Help our children. And may your mercies just increase. May your love and mercy and Holy Ghost come to all of our children. We pray. We give little Leo to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Music] God bless you. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm going to tell what you said, Brother Reggie. He said, "I hope he doesn't sleep through all your sermons." You know, he slept through the dedication. I guess he will. If you don't mind, we're blessed to have brother Jason Dear and his family with us today. They were coming through and uh going to just come through and listen to us, but you know, we're glad we can hear from him today. We support him, his work and mission work and stuff. So, I don't want to take more of his time, but we did have children back in school and are going back in school this week. And I want to do that right now in light of this scripture. His mercies are to every generation and they increase. And all of us, we just need to pray for our kids now as they start the school year. Would all the kids come up front here and we'll lay hands on you. Come on kids. Come on. Let's pray over them. Teenagers, college students, 60 year olds in college, whatever you are. Boy, we got a great bunch of kids and young people in this church. Bunch of good kids. [Music] The steadfast love of the Lord is forever. [Music] For they knew every morning. new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness, oh Lord. Great is thy faithful. We'll sing it one more time. How many grateful for the steadfast love? The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases. His mercies never come. I'm so glad to an end for their new every morning. New every morning. Great is thy faithfulness, oh Lord. Great is thy faithfulness. Where is Lily Riker? Where's Lily Riker? Lily, is it your birthday today? Oh my goodness. What a perfect Turn around. Say everybody say happy birthday to Lily. Wow. You got anything to say? I'm surprised. Wow. She don't have nothing to say. We love you guys and we're praying for you while you go to school. Do your best and put the rest in the hands of the Lord. But do your very best and God will watch over you. Do your best for all the test and then pray that God takes over. Amen. We love you all. Let's pray for you. Everybody stand and let's pray for our children, young people. Precious Jesus, we close our eyes and bow our heads, Lord, in honor, respect to you, Lord, and all these promises of your mercy are to them that fear you to uh rever you, Lord. In other words, we we respect your precepts. We respect your principles, your word, Lord. And we want to be that people that has the respect and fear of God for those things and obey those things. We believe many of the children here, Lord, are they have such a heart toward you. May we continue to direct them in the right way. But Lord, now they go back to school and they go back to their teachers, Father. Maybe they're homeschooled. Maybe they're in public school. Maybe they're in Christian school. But Lord, wherever they're at, we ask for you to watch over them. And we realize, as I said this morning, the age is declining and the the the filthiness and the dirtiness, Lord, and just all the images and things that young people can get their hands on. Lord, would you just give them something in their heart? Keep them protected from it, Lord. Keep your angels around them, we pray. And Lord, when many of them been baptized and some still, Lord, looking to baptism, we pray, Lord, you'd give them that gift of the Holy Ghost for the promises unto us and our children. We pray you'll fill them. That is the strength that they need to be able to combat this age. God, we pray you'll watch over them until that time. And Lord, those that have the Holy Ghost, may they be filled and more and more with your spirit. May they become witnesses in their schools. May they hold up the banner, Lord, of Christlike ways. Oh God, I just pray you put your hand upon every child, every teenager that's here, every college student, oh God, just walk with them through those halls, Lord, and walk with them. Uh when they're around other students, Lord, that may not be the best influence. I pray, Lord, that you watch over them, Lord. May they find if they find friends, let it be the right kind of friends, Lord. Let them form relationship with the right kind of people. I pray and we just ask for your loving protection over their lives. And we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Everybody said amen. God bless you guys. God be with you. New every morning. Great is thy faithfulness. Oh Lord. Oh, great is thy faithfulness. I love this. The steadfast love. Sing it. The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases. His mercies never come to an end for the new every morning. There new every morning. [Music] Great is thy faithfulness. Oh Lord, I'm glad they're new. Every morning, new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness. [Music] Praise be to God. Do you love him this morning? Let's give the Lord praise. Let's give him a hand clap. He's worthy this morning of his mercies. Praise the Lord. We're going to turn it over to brother Jason and take his liberty this morning. If you would remember the 21st of September this month coming up, we'll have another family day. We have brother Barry Coffee here bringing some sessions for the families. There'll be not four sessions, but three. So, you'll see the flyer for that and what you can plan to spend that day. be some good teaching on the families. We have two of these this year. We had one with brother Steve Basson and also brother Barry. And so you want to utilize this time encouraging everybody to be here and be a part of that. It won't be as long a day this time, but we're wanting to get that teaching in not only here but on the videos for future reference to strengthen the families. We need that help in this day. So we appreciate you remembering that on 21st. God bless you, brother Jason. Let's give Brother Jason a hand as he comes this morning. [Applause] Amen. God bless you all. So wonderful to be back. Uh so many different people. I have so many friends here that I just uh wish I could stay a few weeks and just uh fellowship with everyone. And uh but time is short and so greetings to you all and God may God richly bless you. We're going to go to the word, but before I do that, I made a promise that I would remind everyone about Bethl Tabernacle Youth Camp that's coming up October 16th through 19th down on the border of North Carolina and South Carolina in the mountains. We need uh we'd love to have more campers come. We need some work crew and some some counselors. So, if the Lord would lay that on your heart, we'd absolutely love to have you. You can go to the uh Bethl Tabernacle website and get to that there if you just uh I guess people Google things better this day than they remember um URLs. So just search Bethl Tabernacle in Bufort, South Carolina and you'll find it and then you'll find information about the camp. So God bless you. Love to have you. and you know that your pastor is preaching at that camp. So come and support your pastor, both adults and young people. Adults come and help us and young people come and enjoy the fellowship and the word. So praise the Lord. I want to just go right to the scriptures. Brother Paul said you dismiss about 1:00. So but I could keep preaching as long as I wanted to just knowing that everybody be gone. So, we're going to try to be get to the point and and as brief as possible. I want to speak on the four loves and we're going to look at First John chapter 4 and verse 16. And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love. God is agape love. And he that dwelleth in agape love dwelleth in God and God in him. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much for your word, Lord. There's so much depth and there's so much riches, Lord, in the scriptures. We pray, Father, that you'd come just calm calm my nerves, Lord, and just uh anoint the speakers, the speaker, the anoint the the hearer, Lord. And may we come to this place where we're continually growing in you, Lord, in our walk with you. so many different situations and circumstances that people are living in and experiencing in their lives, but yet that same word has an impact on everyone, Lord. And so we pray that you'd come and take it and write it upon our hearts, Lord, that we would be more like Jesus Christ. We commit ourselves to you for this end, Father, in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. So John also tells us in his epistle that God is light. So God is love, God is light. And in in uh John chapter 4, Jesus tells us that God is spirit. And so it's not that God has love or is possessing love, but that God is love. It's not just that God possesses light, but that God himself is light. It's not that God uh has a spirit, but God is spirit. That's what he is. And so out of those three main things really flows all the attributes of God. So the na when I'm speaking of that, I'm speaking of the nature of God. I know that the predestinated seed were chosen in him before the foundation of the world. because that were attributes. We're part of his thoughts and when he wants to express himself, then we become those attributes manifested. But looking even more specifically of who is God? What is God like? How does he display himself? And so when we look at Exodus chapter 34, you know, we find this place where uh God Moses speaks to God and says, "I want to see your glory." So he makes this request and has a desire to see his glory. And we know that Moses was hid in the rock and then he saw the back parts of a man passed by before him. But I think it's so significant there that it's you know if if if it was if it was the the way to see God was merely physically with our eyes then God would have just appeared before him and said nothing. But the re this shows us that the reality is that uh seeing a theophony people sat in brother Brandham's meetings they saw the pillar of fire and maybe they even got healed but they never got saved. They didn't they didn't enter into eternal life. they stayed in the same sinful position that they were beforehand. So if seeing the pillar of fire was what saved us, uh we're we have a mistake. That's not really seeing God. &gt;&gt; Really seeing God. And and this is exactly what God does. I want to see your glory. And the Lord passed by before him and proclaimed. So there has to be a proclamation. So for to really see the glory of God, there needs to be a revelation of the word. &gt;&gt; Apart from a revelation of the word to you, there's no understanding of who God is. And everybody has a God. Even atheists have a God. &gt;&gt; Everybody has a God. And there's a nature that that God has. And that and that there's a there's a way that that God deals with them in their mind that they think that he deals with them. But here we have God coming and say, "I'm going to tell you who I am." Not just my name, but I'm going to show show you what my some of my attributes are so that you when I display myself, you'll understand and when you're going through your life where you're experiencing different things, you'll understand actually who I am and what I'm all about because it's more than just it's more than just words and it's more than just a ma a visible manifestation. Jesus was God made flesh. When you were looking at Jesus, you were seeing God and they crucified him. So again, just seeing God is not &gt;&gt; enough. It has to be a name declared to you by revelation. And then who is he? &gt;&gt; You know, in our modern day, our modern churches, God is God is love. And when they mean that, they mean God approves everything that you do. &gt;&gt; And everything that you do is okay with him. Because God, that's what love is. Is approval for anything except for the truth. No approval for the truth. Approval for any error, any sin, any evil. And see, they, you know, when when you look at God's mercy, we see they have a grain of the truth, but they're not they're missing the whole they're missing the two verses here in Exodus. The Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, long-suffering or or patient and abundant in goodness and truth. Yes. &gt;&gt; Verse seven, keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin. Wonderful. Let's just stop there. We don't want anymore. the rest it starts getting a little hot and we need to loosen our collars and all right let's keep reading because we don't want to be those Christians that pick and choose what we like and what we don't like and that will by no means clear the guilty visiting the iniquities of the fathers upon the children and upon the children's children unto the third and to the fourth generation. So God's merciful, God is gracious. He's patient. He's good. He all He He is the truth. So when he speaks, it's truth, right? We like that. We want more of that. But the other part is in order for God to be truthful, in order for God to be good, he also has to by no means clear the guilty. So what does it mean? On the one side, he says, "I'm merciful and I'm patient and I forgive iniquity." on the other says, "I won't clear the guilty." So, it means that there has to be a means &gt;&gt; to get cleared. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So, if he's if he's merciful and gracious, there has to be that he makes a way for that to be possible. And so, he doesn't just look at the sin and just say, "It's fine. No problem." He makes a way. He makes a remedy. He makes a means for his grace and his mercy to be put on display in our lives. And so that there's also while there's a means to clear the guilty, there's also a a means to for you to be the person that stops the iniquity being visited upon your children and your grandchildren. And so the same God that clears the guilty is the same God that cancels the debt that would go on into other generations. And so when you can really see the balance in these things that God is a God of justice, he's a God of wrath. God because God is good. When man is sinful, he must punish the sin. He He must correct the mistakes. He must correct the errors. That is God. That is God's love put on display. And so God is love. And I want I don't want to get too far ahead of myself, but God is love. But not all love is God &gt;&gt; or what we call love. And you know, we use the term in English language and we say love and we speak about our car and we speak about our steaks that we like to eat or if you're a vegetarian, I'm I'm sorry, but vegetables. Um there's all different kinds in the body of Christ. What? Whatever you these different things that we say that we love and we love. Do you love your car more than you love your wife? Do you love to go fishing more than you love your children? Uh do you do you love and that's a genuine question because many people do disorder themselves to such a place where they do love things and stuff and their truck more than and their dog more than their wife. And there's wives that love their sisters more than their husbands. &gt;&gt; And so these are disordered types of things that happen. And we're saying love, but what do we mean by love? Because if we don't understand what actually love means, we're just saying words. And just like you see the signs going down the street at churches, apostate churches that say love is love. And then their apostate members in their yard say love is love. And what they're trying to tell you is that homosexuals and all this other stuff is homosexual love is normal and good and a positive thing. How could it be wrong if they love each other? So you've actually taken what you're defining as love and made it into a God. And now that love has divine authority over everything else, over God himself, over God's word. And so, and they've also created to themselves another Jesus that they Jesus is so kind and merciful and loving. Really? Have you really ever read what Jesus is? Have you ever read the Gospels? He is merciful and kind and loving. Absolutely is. But he he is the toughest of all the prophets. You know, I I saw a list of all the names that he went through and called people and spoke about people and we think, "Oh, Jesus would never call anybody a name." People say that on everywhere. Jesus would never do this. What Jesus are you talking about? Because if it's not the Jesus in the word, it's not Jesus at all. Amen. &gt;&gt; And so this is so important to understand is that there is there is love is love. That's true. God is love. But what do you mean by that? Because there can be things that we call love that actually take us straight to hell and bring us to this place that we've literally lose our minds. Amen. I'm going to try to keep going. In adoption number four, brother Brandham says, "I said, 'Oh Lord, that's what I'm here at the church for, trying to set the church in order, telling you, brother and sister, there's only one thing that can enter that." He's speaking about his vision of the other side. There's only one thing that can enter that. That's perfect love. Not because you're loyal to Brandham Tab Tabernacle or the Methodist Church or Baptist Church. That's all right. You should be. But oh friends, you've got not because you spoke with tongues, danced in the spirit, because you've cast out devils, or moved mountains with faith. That's all right for that's all right. But still, unless that real perfect love is in there, that was where perfect love was. Amen. On the other side. And that's the only thing that'll let you in there. That's the only thing could stay there. It's the only thing there was there. Oh my. It's an adoption. God before the foundation of the world. Amen. So beautiful when we look at that he's calling us to this adoption walk. He's he's brought forth the opening of the seven seals, you know, and you you you think about what that was when the lamb took the book. No man was worthy to take the book. Not you, not me, not John, not Moses, not not Paul. No one was worthy to take the book. And so they they searched and they found and there was a lamb in the midst of the throne. That lamb took the book, broke the seven seals. And what's amazing is we think we we're just amazed at what that meant at for redemption, but we we forget the fact that the purpose of that was that the book would actually come down. The the mighty angel would come down with that book and then he wouldn't say, "I've come down with the book, Brother Paul. Come and come and look at the book. But don't don't touch it. Don't read it. No. The spoken the the word that came forth, the message that came forth was to reveal what was in that book. But it didn't stop there because the commandment was given to the believers. Take that book &gt;&gt; and eat it, &gt;&gt; right? And it'll be sweet in your mouth and it'll make your belly bitter. It's going to bring change and transformation and rejoicing at the same time. But that book then needed to be eaten and then we could prophesy. Then we could speak. We are given a commission to take what's already been been spoken and then we can become that word manifested in our lives and in our words. And so a part a huge part of that is if you if you look at the whole purpose of that is Adam lost the book in the beginning. He lost dominion. He lost the spoken word. He lost the the per the nature of God that he had dwelling in him. All that was marred. He was to be a perfect expression of God and that was lost and that went back to the hands that book went back to the hands of the creator. So then it goes it it goes only the lamb only the kinsman redeemer can take the book but it was for us to eat so that dominion could be restored to man. Because at the end is what he says is you have made us kings and priests unto our God. You've purchased us to God by thy blood. And then he says, you've made us kings and priests. And so that book came down for us to eat so that dominion can be restored in our lives. And a huge part of that is having the right motive and objective, which is perfect love, agape love. And that's what I really want to look at is looking at uh defining, if I can move a little faster, uh agape love and looking at the different loves. and then also kind of looking at the uh the the the converse of that. So this is a incredible interchange between Jesus and Peter after the crucifixion after the resurrection. So get the context. This is Peter's out in the boat. They're out there fishing and they see Jesus. He uh puts his fisherman's coat back on and he leaps in the water and he swims to Jesus. But this is the this is the man who was bold and brash and whatever question Jesus had, man. He gave it his gusto. Uh he he Jesus said, "I'm going to be crucified and betrayed." And he says, "No, never. It will never happen." just the boldness to say, "I'm I will never let that happen. I'm I'll be the one to stop it. And if you do go, I'll be right there with you." And and he says, "You're going to betray me, but but I've already prayed for you." Satan wants to sift you like like wheat, but I've already prayed for you that your faith won't fail you. So there, you know, right next to Jesus, the third time he betrays him, he he no doubt their eyes met and the the the the the failure that Peter had. And that was so good and so perfect for for Peter. He needed that desperately. He needed that failure to teach Peter what Peter really was so that he could look in the mirror and say &gt;&gt; true &gt;&gt; I need I need Jesus and I can't be speaking with such boldness that I'm this and I'm that. &gt;&gt; And so here we have the Lord Jesus coming to his uh betrayer. It's so incredible. This is love. This is to me this is the ultimate expression of love because of course we we understand the cru him going to the cross is the ultimate expression but then it's going for a purpose. It's not just he died on the cross. It's going for a purpose. It's going for an end. And so when they had died, Jesus sayeth to Simon Peter, Simon son of Jonas agape. So there's some different Greek words that are used here which we'll talk define and talk about as we go forward. Simon son of Jonas lovest or agape thou me more than these? He saith unto him, "Yay, Lord, thou knowest that I file thee." So, so here's Peter's a little more humble now. Do you Peter, do you have the highest for do you have divine love for me? Peter basically says, "No, but I'm fond of you. You're my friend. I I love you a lot. But I don't have that kind of love. He saith unto him, "Feed my lamb." So this is the this is the man that denied him that ran away from him. And here he is. is I mean just imagine I'm just using a story but just imagine Paul is going through something really hard and you know people are accusing him and and Brandon turns and looks and says yeah that's exactly right he's been doing this and doing this and then he's just like Paul is in the other room and walks in and sees that he said it and it just breaks his heart I I can't believe I did that at the end you find out it's all it's all a lie. Paul comes and says, "You know, Brandon, I think I'm going to step down. I want you to be the pastor." This is like what Jesus is saying. I'm going to ascend to heaven and I want you to be the leader of the disciples right now. &gt;&gt; That's love. &gt;&gt; That's love. That is seeing what could be in a person. &gt;&gt; And with Jesus, it's seeing what will be in a person. what God speaks over them. Let's bring it down to our level. You're seeing what God speaks over a person and you're saying, "Feed my feed my lambs. Feed my sheep. There's there's more that you're going to become. There's more that you're going to grow into. Yeah, you failed. You failed miserably miserably." I think of the Apostle Paul writing to the Corinthians. You know, by the time he's done with them, we don't have any confidence in the Corinthians at all. We're just like, "These people, they're carnal. They're weak. I don't understand why they have this trouble. It's so obvious that they should have done this and should have done that." But then Paul writes in there multiple times that he has confidence in them. &gt;&gt; Multiple times, I have confidence that you'll do the right thing. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; I'll have confidence that you'll make the right choices. And to if you really look at that, I believe that this is what the Lord Jesus is showing as an example to us is that love calls people higher. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Even when they're in the midst of failure and mistakes, it calls them higher. He saith unto him again the second time. Remember, Peter denied him three times. So, we're going to get the question. Three times. He saith to him again the second time, Simon son of Jonas, agape thou me? saith unto him, "Yay, Lord, thou knowest that I feel thee, ow thee." He saith unto him, "Feed my sheep." Boy, this is so revealing when you when you see this. He's asking for a higher love. He's asking for a deeper love. He's asking for a a greater commitment and a greater devotion. And Peter's saying, "Yeah, I I'm at step two. I do like you. I am fond of you. I I haven't reached that level yet. And yet Jesus is saying, you're going to feed my sheep. &gt;&gt; He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, filio, thou me. Ouch. That's like you. Now he's going even down to Peter's level. Do you actually even are you are we friends? And Peter was grieved, which of course we all would be because we realize that this is discernment speaking to our hearts because he said unto him the third time, feel thou me. And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things. Thou knowest that I feel thee. Jesus saith unto him, feed my sheep. There's a higher call, saints. &gt;&gt; You might be in a position where you have failed miserably. You've messed up bad. The Lord Jesus is telling you there's something higher. &gt;&gt; He's calling you higher. I believe there's more. And I believe there's more that you can enter into. Don't limit what God can do in your life. And that's the kind of love that we should see one another with those eyes. It's more than just unconditional love. It's deeper and it's bigger than unconditional love. It's it's looking to something more or someone more. Verily, verily, I say unto thee, when thouast young, thou girdest thyself, and walkest wither thou wouldest. But when thou shalt be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hands, and another shall guard thee, and carry thee whethersoever thou wouldest. So Peter, when you were young, you betrayed me. You walked away. You left. You did your own will. You did your own purpose. You did your own desire. You protected yourself. But when you're old, you know what? You're going to surrender yourself completely and you're going to give your life for me. That which you promised before and failed, there's going to be another chance and you won't and you won't fail. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You filelioed me before &gt;&gt; cuz if you think about filelio getting ahead of myself, but felio love, it's what what's in a sense, it's what's in it for me. It's what pleasure does this friendship provide for me. But agape love is going beyond that and seeing what what how can I fill this person up? How can I stretch them up even further in Christ? And so here we have Jesus saying, "I know you don't feel you don't agape me at this moment. You're weak, but it's going to come to a place where you have grown uh spiritually and that you will have that agape for me. You'll have a total surrender and you'll ha you'll have a complete love. That's beautiful. All right. So Romans 12:9. Let's keep going. Let love be without dissimulation. So let love let agape be without dissimulation. Dissimulation means like a a a concealment of opinions, sentiments, and purpose. But it includes the assuming of a false and counterfeit appearance which conceals the real opinions or purpose. So it's not a fake love. It's something that has on the inside the right motive and objective. It's not in order to get something out of it. It's just to love as he loves. And then right along with that we see uh one verse is talking about love. The next worth is talking about hate. So if in order for us to love right, we have to hate. &gt;&gt; Abhore that which is evil, it means an extreme hatred for that which is evil. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How does that work? Because I supposed to love my enemies. We'll talk about what went as we go further. But we have to hate that which is evil. It doesn't say hate who that who is evil. &gt;&gt; Hate that which is evil. Cleave to that which is good. Because ultimately we have to see it as even those people that are evil or or p in in the current condition that they're in. They're walking in evil. That we we can overcome that and be able to help them out of that place and position because that's what love is. Cleave to that which is good. So there we have agape in that verse. Next verse puts the other two loves mentioned together in the New Testament. Be kindly affectioned. This is the word uh filo stoos. So it's putting together filelio and sto speaks of family love or affection. One to another with brotherly love. Philadelphia in honor preferring one another. So there's three types of love spoken about in the New Testament. Agape love which we'll just leave as divine love, filelio love, friendship, sto which is affection or family love. And then the other one it's outside of the New Testament is aeros or romantic love or what we modern people call falling in love. human. You know, the the last three loves, filelio, sto aeros, they're all human loves. And so all of these are they're good in their right place and right position. You know, they can also become evil when they're disordered and they're misplaced. And and when you when you're looking at it in one way though by themselves it's not exactly that but they're all they're all inward focused. They're not outward focused. &gt;&gt; And so they can never our human loves can never actually be expressed correctly and properly without an infusion of agape love because they'll always be disordered. They'll always rise to a certain level. Well, they there'll become a god in our life. You know, when it reaches its height, it becomes a god. If you look at especially at aeros love, people falling in love. The story of Romeo and Juliet, we're going to ignore all the advice of parents, family, everyone. And if we then if we can't have that what we want, we're just kill ourselves because that has become a god that has become deified. And that's extreme example, but it happens in this life. It happens in in real situations. A man going to work and he has a secretary and they have a close relationship and suddenly an emotion comes over him and an emotion comes over her and they they fall in love and instead of saying I have a wife at home, I have a family to take care of. This will ruin and destroy my life. This uh s sensation of aeros takes over. And instead they destroy everything and then at the end 90% of the time that thing which they destroyed it for turns into revulsion and hatred. And there's there's there's so many things that we can look at with aeros love. Falling in love is an experience that's common to all mankind. It happens to everyone. Otherwise we would have no children, no grandchildren. And so this this happens. But when we kind of put it into a cultural uh phenomena that is in every movie and we have to embrace this as the ultimate uh form of love. That's why we see people putting in their signs rainbow flags and love is love and condemning everyone that would say no love has to be ordered properly. If if I fall in love uh with someone else, this is perverted. &gt;&gt; God forbid that ever happens, but if that ever happens to a it does happen. And you know what? There's brothers that it's happened to. And you know what they did? They overcame. They got on their knees. They prayed. They removed themselves from the situation. They ran away from it. Same thing with young people. That's good. That's fantastic. But you have parents in your life. You have a pastor. You have uh deacons. You have people that you can trust and you involve them in what's going on inside of you. That's hopefully your parents have built such a relationship with you that you can go to them as soon as the feelings start rising and say, "I'm having this feeling. Okay, let's talk about this. Are you old enough? Are you is is he or she in a position and ready? Is this does this make sense? Because that's good. I'm glad you're falling in love. Real godly parents are excited when their kids are going to get married and all these things are happening. We we want that. We love that. We we're we're looking forward to that day. And yet we know that it also has to come into the order of God line and order of God's word. And if we take it outside of the order of God's word, then we have a lot of pain and heartache. And aeros love is a magical and dangerous drug. And if it's not handled appropriately and really as parents we should be teaching them about it so that when they go through puberty and start things start happening they don't wonder what these magical powers are taking place inside their body with the rush of hormones and everything. And so again, a good thing that God gives as a gift can turn into something horrible, deformed, evil, and destructive. The same thing for family affection. You know, you can you can go ahead and raise your children in such a way that they're totally dependent on you, that they don't know how to do anything in life, that you've all you do is force them to do everything. You're not teaching them. You're not instructing them. You're you're not teaching them about the message. You're forcing them to follow the message. You're not taking time to instruct them about holiness and modesty and about the doctrines and teachings of the message. You just take them to church and just assume the church is going to do the job. &gt;&gt; And so we we do that and and we're holding them and we want to hold on to them and we want to protect that purity that they have. But it isn't it isn't so much that we it's us protecting and holding them. It's us launching them as arrows against the enemy. And so, you have to prepare, make the preparations, and teach them so that they can walk on their own two feet because what you're doing is you're you're you're aiming towards creating a new godly family that would do the same thing that you did to teach them and train them. But a a family that puts it all off. All training on school, all training on church, all training on everything else and Disney and everything, allowing all those different things in an out of balance way in their life. They're not loving. They might be a family, but it's not true love because it's missing the agape element. And not only that, but it can turn into something where it's very controlling and stifling and and damaging to their little psyches as they grow up to where they they've got to be delivered from so many different uh problems that they have in their minds and in their hearts because parents haven't done what they're supposed to do. And so it's it's a form of love. You can look at uh different situations. you know, a mother that would smother her son to the point where he doesn't even know how to function in life apart from his mother. And she certainly doesn't want him to function in life apart from her because somehow that fulfills a need in her heart that's missing in her in her marriage. &gt;&gt; And so it isn't love that would stifle and damage and hinder the growth of our children. And felio same thing is the jealousies can arise between between friends true friendship uh increases with the number true filelio grows with the number it doesn't say ah I just this person has to be for me no one else can be friends with this person and you try to play politics and keep other people away from that person because that's your friend not their friend it's a sure it's some kind of friendship but it's not real felio love. And we can go on as you could see there's there's many kinds of love that aren't love at all. The other part of it is that when when love, you know, all of these things, people will love with all all their might their children all the while that they're damaging and hurting them or their spouse and they confess. Oh, we love each other. I have to. He beats me, but I have to stay with him because I love him and he loves me. &gt;&gt; And it's not love. &gt;&gt; But that feeling of attachment and dependency that's there between two people can be actually evil. &gt;&gt; And so and and damaging there. And so when that when that uh love becomes a god to a person, that's when it turns into a demon. that literally turns into a demonic power &gt;&gt; because it's so controlling and damaging to that person. And so I'm going to try to keep going. So let's let's look at agape. We're all familiar with things that Brother Brandham says. It's divine love. We're all familiar if you look up in a dictionary or a Google search and it'll tell you it's unconditional love. Those things are true, but it actually goes way further than that. And I I want to I want to look at this at some things that Brother Brandham said about it. He says, "Men and women, hear me today as your brother. Let all your little isms and your little sensations drop. Find the love of God. I'd rather have his love than every gift he's got in his kingdom. Give me his love." That's what the world is looking for today is to see a display of real love. It'll s win souls when you got love. They can tell it when you got love. We got too much makebelief love. We got too much love. Felio love trying to make it agapeo love. We need need real godly love. &gt;&gt; Amen. From from that time on, brother Brandham says, "But let me tell you a little secret. The most powerful force in the world isn't speaking with tongues or interpreting tongues or being honored by God to be a minister or to be an evangelist or to be a prophet. The most powerful weapon that I've ever found in life is love. The filio love, which is the Greek word that comes from friendship like you have for your wife. There's a difference. It'll make a mother for that baby run through a blazing fire. Her life means nothing. That's felio. What will agape do? See the godly love. We must love divinely love one another. Then you don't see your brother's mistake. Think of Jesus and Peter. If he does make a mistake, you never look you. You look over the top of it and you love him anyhow. See, that's it. Love those that love you. Then does does not the sinner the same thing? But love those who doesn't love you. That's what shows the spirit of God is in you because he loved you when you were his enemy and he loved you. And if that spirit's in you, it'll make you love your enemy as you do your friend. &gt;&gt; Amen. In the smearan church age, bear with me as you as we look at this. You see, they could not figure out God's love. They thought that love meant no suffering. They thought that love meant a baby with parental care. But God said that his love was elective love. The proof of his love is election. That no matter what happened, his love was proven truly by the fact that they were chosen unto salvation. Because God hath chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth. He may commit you to death as he did Paul. He may commit you to suffering as he did Job. That is his prerogative. He is sovereign, but it's all with a purpose. If he did not have a purpose, then he would be the author of frustration and not of peace. Listen. So his purpose, so love has a purpose. &gt;&gt; Elective love, agape love has a purpose. What is that purpose? It's that after we suffered a while, we would be made perfect, be established, strengthened, and settled. As Job said, he put strength in us. You see, he himself suffered. He learned obedience by the things that he suffered. He was actually made perfect by the things that he suffered. Hebrews 5:8-9. Though he were a son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered, and being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. In plain language, the very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. And according to Paul, he has left his church a measure of suffering that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. So as we look at this, this is so incredible. God's love is sent for a purpose. So agape love is sent to accomplish a purpose for us. And so when God's love was put forth, it's it's a supernatural power, right? God's love is the most powerful force. So it's a supernatural power. And when he put his love forward, what did it do? It would it's to bring us to perfection. It's it it's to bring us to a place that we're growing into the image of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; So I'm just going to for sake of uh brevity here love is a power. We saw that. The other part is love extends itself to others. Right? Love isn't just to be bottled up in here. It's extending itself out towards other people. And the ultimate purpose that love has is your spiritual growth. He wants you to grow. Why do you go through the things that you do? He wants you to He wants you to grow up into Christ in all things. That's his purpose. So love's purpose is spiritual growth. &gt;&gt; So put it all together. Love is a power that extends itself for the purpose of spiritual growth. &gt;&gt; Very good. &gt;&gt; True and genuine. There's a lot of different loves. We saw that there's four different loves. But true agape love is rising above above all of those things. And you want to see other people grow in Christ. &gt;&gt; You want to see them grow. and that there's a supernatural power inside of you going forth from you to help other people grow in Christ. &gt;&gt; So let's look then before we go further in that, let's let's look at what evil is. So the there's always the law of contrast and when you see the law of contrast, you'll see the actual law itself or the reality of love so much more clearly. So foundationally evil is anything that goes against the purpose of God. So anything that goes against God's purpose is evil. Genesis 3:9. So very first very first two people placed upon earth when they sinned they engaged in evil. And so what did they do? And the Lord God called unto Adam and said unto him, "Where art thou?" And he said, 'I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid because I was naked, and I hid myself. And he said, Who told thee thou was that thou was naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat? And the man said, the woman you gave to be with me? She gave me of the tree, and I did eat. So what did what did Adam do there? Actually blamed God for giving him a woman that caused him to eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. So we understand the Adam was not deceived. Uh Eve was deceived and was in the transgression. And yet we also understand that Adam identifies himself with that sin. And when Adam identified himself with that sin, a a separation of fellowship happened immediately. You could see that that happened because what did they do? They hid in the trees of the garden and they immediately felt guilt that they were naked and tried to tried to form fig leaves to cover themselves up. And then when God confronts them, he passes the buck. He doesn't take responsibility. Who was responsible? The one that God was talking to. He he went to the man that was responsible. He didn't say, 'Look, I made a mistake. My wife, my wife ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, and I take the responsibility because I'm the head of this home. That's what should have been said. Instead, it was deflecting it to someone else. Someone else is the problem. In fact, God, you you're defective yourself because you made this woman for me. So, you messed up in your in your creation. And the Lord God said unto the woman, "What is this that thouast done?" The woman said, "The serpent deceived me and I did eat." So even she is putting blame onto the serpent at at the same time she is taking responsibility because she says, "I I did I did it, but the serpent made me do it." All right. So then we fast forward to the next story of evil. Cain and Abel. And Abel, he also brought of the firstl things of his flock, and of the fat thereof. And the Lord had respect unto Abel and to his offering, but unto Cain and to his offering, he had not respect, and Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell. And the Lord said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? And why is thy countenance fallen? If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? And if thou doest not well, sin lith at the door, and unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him. And Cain talked with Abel his brother. And it came to pass when they were in the field that Cain rose up against Abel his brother and slew him. So this is like the ultimate form of blaming someone else for your problems as you go. You did that person did better and I will go murder them. Maybe we don't do that but we speak evil across the board against people and we we ruin their mar their image and and character before the eyes of the people. But it's what is it? This was Cain putting the blame for his problems. If I go kill Abel, then God won't have a problem with me anymore. This is how many people think. This is how many people act and believe. They think someone else is the problem, not me. If I get rid of that other person or if I put the blame on that other person, then everything will be fine for me because it's not me. I'm not the problem. I don't have to change. I don't have to adjust myself. They do. If they if they're adjusted, and here he did the ultimate adjustment, murder. I'll kill him and bury him in the ground. And the Lord said unto Cain, "Where is Abel thy brother?" And he said, "I know not. Am I my brother's keeper?" And he said, "What hast thou done? The voice of thy brother's blood crith unto me from the ground. And now thou art cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand. When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength. A fugitive and a vagab vagabond shalt thou be in the earth. And Cade said unto the Lord, my punishment is greater than I can bear. He he wasn't give given any choice with his punishment. God went directly. You lied to me. He told him what happened and this is what your results are in your life. And he says this is greater than I could bear. You can put that on so many different ways to pe to to how people live today that are evil. It is all it's it's never a result their life the fruit of their life is never a result of their own choices. It wasn't the fact that they created chaos in their life. It was my brother's problem. That that religious guy. He's so religious and he's always frustrating me and it's all his fault that this happened. And if I if if if he weren't so fanatical, everything would be fine for me. And this is this is a greater punishment. He's the one that had to have the punishment cuz cuz I'm I haven't done anything wrong. And see people people that are evil can never really see and understand that the chaos in their life is a result of their own actions and activities. It's always somebody else's fault. It's always somebody else's mistake. So evil seeks to preserve itself, right? Self-preservation. Evil always has a scapegoat. Always has somebody to blame. Or even they'll blame divine providence itself or fate or whatever these people want to call it. They'll blame God just as Cain blame go blamed God ultimately and also has for its the purpose the hindrance of spiritual growth. And so if you're thinking of thinking of what love is doing, love is trying to get people to grow. And God will do that. God is so merciful that he'll the people that they're making dumb choices and dumb decisions and they'll hit their head against the wall and find all kinds of problems and then they're full of anxiety and depression because of the dumb choices that they made in their own life. And God, that's God's mercy actually trying to show them, hey, you have a problem and it's you. &gt;&gt; And he says, never. I have to preserve my own sick self because this this sickness I have is not really a sickness. It's somebody else's problem. you know, parents that raise kids and the kids go they go wild and do foolish things and you it's it's just a it's a tragedy. There's people that they've never been raised themselves and then they have kids bring kids into the world and they don't even pay minimal attention to them. They're just on their own 90% of the time. And then their kids cause problems and then they yell and curse at the kids for causing them problems. And they're the evil ones that produce the kids that are living in that that way. And so this is such a it's such a revelation when you can understand that evil is actually Oh, I'm going to go backwards. Evil is actually anything that would hinder or stop spiritual growth in order to protect its own spiritual sickness. And it always has a scapegoat. It always has some somebody to blame. And so the truth is we've all done evil. I've done evil. I've done things that have hindered the the spiritual growth of my own family. And so I've I've repented. And I'm pretty sure there's more things I'll have to repent of. But the re once we begin to see and this has helped me so much to see that that what love really is and what God is aiming for. It's really uh uh given such a different vision towards life for me to understand what God is trying to do. He's trying to get people to grow and they will refuse to grow. And even people who are unbelievers that are that are walking in terrible sin, God's grace is extending to them to try to help them to repent, make things right, and to grow. And yet people refuse refuse. And even Christians will do the same thing. Sit sit in church and they have something in their life that they're refusing to deal with, refusing to own, and they've locked it up in a box in the nether regions of their heart. And they said, "I won't. I refuse to talk about that. I refuse to deal with that. And what do they do? They sit right in the same spiritual condition that they do for all those years. And the the hard part is is they're not only hindering themselves, they're hindering their own family, their own spouse, their own children. And so, thank God that there's grace for those children because grace, grace is more than just God saying, "I pass over sin." Grace itself is a power to put forth God's presence into your life to bring forth a change. &gt;&gt; And the other part of it is evil people actually they're not usually aware that they're evil. &gt;&gt; They think they're normal. They're average. In fact, usually they think they do everything very very well. They do they're the very best and the only the only reason why they have various problems in their life is other people around them and everything they do is for the greater good and for the benefit of all mankind and they never evaluate and look at the fruit of their lives. you know, really loving, really having love towards other people. It takes a lot of time on your knees and evaluating yourself and evaluating your own motive and objective and looking at the interactions that you have and understanding what what was my thought behind that? What was my heart behind that? What what is my purpose behind what what I'm doing, where I'm working, why I do what I do on a daily basis. It takes an effort and it takes a a surrender. And evil people are lazy. They just want to stay. They just want it to go good for them without putting the effort. And again, what is good? I'll just leave that there. We'll talk about that in a minute. On a on a human level, if we can understand it, agape love is ultimately dependency on God. But on a human level, agape love isn't creating a dependency. Not a dependency on your pastor, not a dependency on your your your spouse. Of course, there's there's relationship and interconnectedness, but if they can't function without you, if your children can't function without you, if the congregation can never function and grow spiritually without a specific pastor there in place, then there's something that's out of order and out of cater. There's a dependency that's bringing damage in your life. And so, we need to ultimately only be dependent on God. And you know, we can we can lead and direct churches and families in such a way that we create people that are dependent because we need the the self validation for them because we're doing it all for them. And God doesn't want your pastor to do it all for you. God wants it's a body and each of us has a calling and each of us us has a purpose. So that kind of goes into uh boundaries as well. You have a burden to bear. God's given you that burden to bear. He didn't give it to your pastor to bear. He didn't give it to another person to bear. He's given it to you. Now, when there's a big boulder that comes into your life, we all come together and we all help that. But that which the Lord has given to you as an individual, he intends for you to carry that. He doesn't want you to say, "Pastor, come carry this for me." &gt;&gt; He wants you to get it get there and carry the burden that God has given to you because that's yours, not another person's. Romans 8:28 and 29. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose, for whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. So what is good? What is good? We just read that before. It doesn't mean that it's a God is a parent with care for a baby. That's not what he's talking about because that God's end is not for us to be babies. It's for us to grow into our adoption. Right? And so here we have this is the ultimate good that God is aiming for. What good is God aiming for? Because in verse 35 he says there's that that who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword. So the absence of those things is not what we're talking about as good. There's something higher. It's God's eternal good. And what is that good that he's working out for us? Well, the next verse tells us it's not a it's this is not separate sentences that somebody gathered together uh hundreds of years later. This is a letter that Paul wrote and there's a direction. He says, "We know that all things work together for good to them that love God, etc." And 29 for. So this is a connection between verses. This is because whom he did forno, he also did predestinate. Praise the Lord, he predestinated us. It's wonderful. We're going to be saved at the end. That's not predestination. Oh, well, it is predestination, but it's not the big picture of predestination. The big picture of predestination is that he's doing something in our lives to bring us to an end, to bring us to a purpose. So that's love. That's God's love to you. He's doing something in your life to bring you to an expected end, which is what? To be conformed to the image of his son &gt;&gt; that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. And that is what we're we're predestinated unto adoption. We're to predestinated to be like Jesus Christ. If to put it another way, we're to be imitators of God or we're to become amateur gods on the earth as the scripture says. God manifest in the flesh, the bride as a whole. So this is the place that he's leading us to. This is the direction that his love is taking us towards is to be conformed to the image of Christ. And if we can understand is that love is actually if I can get to the verse and hope maketh not ashamed because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given to us. Amen. So love true agape love is not something that you can work yourself into. Now it is work it is effort. It is surrender but it can't be done on your own. It can only be done when the Holy Ghost comes into you. That's when the love of God is shed abroad in your hearts. When you get the when you get the true and genuine baptism of the Holy Ghost, what does that do? It means that the agape love of God is living inside of you and it's going forth and it's being extended out of you. You're filled with it. Amen. And so going back all these loves fillio sto aeros all of these are things that are human loves but as Christians the we understand the only way for them to be in order and completed and it it is order. God has order. &gt;&gt; Jacob have I love. Esau have I hated. God has order and direction and a definitive purpose towards his love. And the same thing should be for us. If I if I love Brother Paul more than I love my wife, there's something very strange happening. That's that's out of order. That's not scriptural. I have to love I love my wife first. If I love my children more than I love my wife. Disordered disordered love. If I love my ministry or the image of my ministry more than I love my family, there is perverted love going on. And it's and it's dam it's it's bringing damage not only to myself but to my family. &gt;&gt; And so God has order in his love and he wants us to also have order in our love. If we give all our money to the church and our family is in poverty and has no clothes and can't eat and we're kicked out of our home, we're not spiritual. I'm not a spiritual man doing that. I'm an un very unspiritual man because the first first thing responsibility is if if I don't provide for my own I've denied the faith and I'm worse than an infidel and so again ordered love certainly once the needs of my family are met let's provide for other people let's help for other people and there's times the Lord will have you stretch yourself right there's there's many times that he'll have you stretch yourself by faith but as a general principle God is telling you you're providing for for your family. And there's an order to all that love. And really, the only way we can get it right is with God. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; The only way we we can tr we can study, we can read, and we can go into things, and we ought to, and we need to. That's what the word is for. But ultimately, God has to help us do that. And we need his constant correction and direction and leadership in our own lives. And without that, we'll all make a mess of everything. But it also isn't simply just get the baptism of the Holy Ghost and everything's fine. There's teaching and instruction and learning and growth that needs to happen. But it will never happen without the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; And so he he anoints and sends the five-fold ministry. And within that there's teachers and there's instruction and righteousness and all of these things. And if we we don't have those things, then we'll be for sure be out of balance. And we'll just saying, "Why am I fighting with my wife? if I got the baptism of the Holy Ghost 20 years ago. Well, you got to learn a little bit something about love. &gt;&gt; There's a little something that God is trying to help you to grow into. &gt;&gt; Amen. Musicians, if you'd come. So, love has to be ordered properly for it to be love. If we don't love God first above everything else, then for sure all of our love will be disordered. As we talked about before, each of those human loves that we have, there's each of their own pitfalls that they have and that we can fall into and that probably we all have fallen into at one point in time of of our life. If we're honest with oursel, we might be in the middle of falling into those pitfalls. Now Lord, the the Lord is extending his grace to you to grow out of that and to grow up into agape love. Grow up into perfect love. So love is not a feeling. Love is an action. Love is a supernatural power. &gt;&gt; Love takes work. And love has within it the purpose of spiritual growth. It's so it's so critical for us to understand love this way because we live in a culture and society that completely perverts just the very word love. I now I've preached on this how many times in front of my family and somebody will say I love this and my whole family goes is he going to talk about it to them? But I I feel like this is such a great and important revelation to us in this hour because it is the hour of perfect love. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And if we think love is just always being sweet and always saying the nice things, we like to think that it is when we're when when you're from Minnesota. It's always saying the sweet and nice things and nothing uncomfortable. Then we haven't figured out what love is yet. It says those things, but it also says the other things, too. It doesn't just say the hard things and it doesn't just say the good things. It is speaking God's word and God's word has it all before us. God convicts us sometimes and God pours his love and his grace into us to to heal the sav and the wounds that we have. And so praise the Lord. That's what he wants you to be. He wants you to enter into that place where you're becoming him and he is becoming you. If we can realize that, as I mentioned before, the mighty angel bringing down the book wasn't just merely so that we could behold the greatness of God. It's so that we could enter into and become all that he has us to be as as a brides, the fullness of him that fills all and all. He wants us to have the fullness of perfect love. He wants us to be his hands and feet. He wants us to pe be the people that go and have a cup of coffee with someone who's hurting and broken, that's experiencing pain in their life. He wants us to sit down and talk with them and help them to see the bigger purpose of the bigger plan. And he's put put he's allowed us to go through so many circumstances in our own lives and then come and he's sent comforters to us to teach us and to train us and to encourage us so that then we can take that encouragement and strength and give it to others. &gt;&gt; Because you realize at the end of the day this perfect love is actually you're becoming God manifest. You're becoming the open book that's been eaten and spoken forth. Amen. It's your life that you live, but it's the word that you speak and it's the atmosphere that you create. Amen. I'd like to sing the goodness of God as as we pray here. Heavenly Father, Lord, we so thankful for your goodness, Lord. We're so thankful for your love, Lord, that you see what's in us, Lord, far beyond what we see. I know many times I look at myself and you hear things that people say and they're encouraging you and saying good things and I think, who in the world are they talking about? I don't I know I know me. I know my weaknesses. I know my many failures, Lord. But you see something more in me, but you see what's what's so amazing is you see something more in all of us, Lord. I pray, Father, that you would be a you would be a strength, that you'd be a comfort, Lord. That you would move and work in people's lives. Father, that's our desire that our heart would be set right, set in order, Lord, that our love would be right. That would be expressing Jesus Christ. We commit ourselves to you, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. I love you, Lord. Let's stand. For your mercies never fail me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest night, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. [Music] I've known you as a friend. And I have live in the goodness of God. All you have been [Music] you so [Music] I love you Lord. I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up, [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] [Applause] My life, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. All my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Praise the Lord. God bless you. How many enjoy the word today? Praise the Lord. Wonderful word of God. Hallelujah. Anybody in my life like this morning that could handle the sword so calmly and gently and yet cut to some things that we really need to think about. And I don't mean that to belittle anybody, but we want to make sure as believers that we're not living on some other type of love that's out of order and calling it agape love. [Music] And so I I encourage you to go back and look at those things and and look in the mirror of God's word because we heard both sides today and I just there's somebody a few weeks ago that said someone had told them he said yes that person is is controlling you with love and I thought about it and I said no wait a minute it can't be the right kind of love but and it wasn't the right kind of love but often we make our type love such a god that we actually call it the love of Christ controlling them through love and I I think we should look at these things because this is the hour only perfect love will go over there and we need it more than ever and we won't get it just because we have a service we get it say I'm looking at myself and say Lord purge those loves that are in disorder &gt;&gt; and not not under the headship of agape love &gt;&gt; he didn't use the term terms today. The modern terms are codependency and narcissism, but you heard those today in the service. We don't use the worldly terms, but this world's full of it. And I find sometimes even amongst believers calling it love and calling it parenting. And it's narcissism. It's codependency. Codependency is when you're controlling the other person because you need them so bad and you need them to need you so bad. And it's all I love you. I love you. I love you. But it's a control. And it's not the perfect thing to love another person with. And it continues to bind up families. It continues to bind up people's life. But yet, it's because it's called the love of Christ, we accept it more openly. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; So, it's been a bit of a rebuke and handling the sword this morning, but it's been the word of God. I'm going to ask you to listen to it again and look at our lives, all of us, and especially every every age, but especially the young people. I hope you were listening. I hope you go back. It would be good if you studied all of those three types of love, four types of love, and knew that before you get into a romantic relationship. &gt;&gt; You might ought to understand all that before you just let your heart fall in love with somebody &gt;&gt; because you could be labeling it so many things and even the will of God, but you're just quickly giving your heart to somebody and then pulling your heart back. And that's what I need. Romantic love is a wonderful thing. Uh if we didn't have it, we probably wouldn't have any, as he said, children or marriages or anything. But you see, it's a wonderful thing if it's in the order of God. &gt;&gt; But when it's by itself, it'll hurt your heart. It'll destroy you. It would be good if young people understood these four loves &gt;&gt; and get the Holy Ghost love and reach for that before they get into relationships. &gt;&gt; And you say, "Amen." So I encourage you. I'm your friend. And you know, I speak to you about every Friday night and I'm your friend. Young people, this is this is an important thing for you to understand because we don't want to settle for second best. &gt;&gt; Can I say it again? Let's say it for everybody. Don't settle for second best. God, fill me with agape love, the perfect love of God. And may that influence all my other loves, my family love, the emotions of family and all that. It can become a God. And a filial love becomes a god becomes the love. No, don't let that be a god. Let god be god. Let his love come and control and put into order all these other filio and areros and all these other things. Let him be the controller of it and also him love us the right way. And uh I want to say appreciate this especially when Jesus is speaking to Peter and it's so amazing to me with all of his mistakes and he's asking this question and I've I've preached it not that way but preached it is that Jesus is always asking us like he did Peter. Do you love me? How much do you love me? How deep do you love me? And to ask him three times because he knew where Peter was at. But sometimes he keeps asking us like he is in this morning in the service. Every one of us raise say I love the Lord. I love the Lord. How deeply do we love the Lord. How deep does it go? And I don't want other love another love making it some God and calling it Christianity. I want that perfect and divine love by the Holy Ghost. And he told Peter he's why he's there speaking and trying to get him to admit to his level of love that wasn't enough yet. While he's doing that, he's speaking his future. Isn't it great to serve a Lord that knows your future? And he's more interested not just in rebuking you, but speaking what your future will be. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; You're going to feed my lambs. And he said, when you're young, I've always used this scripture. When you're young, you kind of went and did whatever you wanted to and you got it figured out. You know everything. And that's our young generation. Everybody's an expert. Everybody knows everything. Young people know everything. And Jesus is saying, "I know you're young and you go and come as you please, but one day I'm going to speak your future. You're going to become a prisoner to the Lord, and I'm going to guide you by my Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; That's your future. It's not just that I guide you. You're going to bring many souls to the kingdom of God." God knows your future. And he don't just put you down for your mistakes, but while he's correcting you. Isn't that correct? Isn't that the love of God? He can come like this morning and just administer that sword and we all get the light. It seemed like the lightest spanking I've ever got in my life this morning. Better than my mom's. I'm just telling it was a spanking, but yet it was just done so calm. How do you do that so calmly, so quietly? When God gives his correction, he has our purpose in mind every time he does it. &gt;&gt; He's got our future in mind. He's He see you can't even see where you're going, but God sees where you're going by predestination. So, he corrects you because he's bringing you to a final end. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Well, let's just just before we sing Love Never Gives Up, I want to sing that before we go. Let's take a just a moment, be sober about what the Lord has taught us this morning. Let's be sober about it and let's speak to him about it. Let's pray. Our heavenly father, thank you Lord for loving us this way. Thank you Lord for brother Jason yielding to the Lord. Thank you for these gifts in the body of Christ. Sometimes Lord that it's uh it's loud. Sometimes it's quiet. Sometimes it's different. Lord, we don't want to micromanage how you'll speak to us in a service. We don't want to coach the service onto something we want. We want you to speak to us in any way that you feel led to speak to us, Lord. and you can lead us in that. And I thank you for this today. If there's any of these false loves or loves that are out of order in our lives, may you show it to us. May we look in the mirror of your word and Lord not be blamers of be victim mentality and blaming everybody else for our problems and codependent on somebody needing somebody else instead of needing you ultimately with all of our narcissism Lord just controlling and all about himself all about herself these ups and downs and these loves Lord they'll be corrected in a group of people in the last days and that'll be your bride cuz your prophet said the only place divine love will be left in this world will be in the bride of Christ. That's where you'll find it. Mold us, shape us, make us into it, Lord. And Lord, we're just moved and sobered by your word today. We pray, Father, you'll take us deeper into the presence of God and into a life of divine love. Grant it, Father, we pray. We We offer up all that we are upon your altar this morning for you to change us. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Love never gives up. Love never lets down. Love keeps on trying through smiles or frowns. Love never says die. Even when it gets rough, true love just never gives up. Sing it now. Love never gives up. Love never lets down. Love keeps on trying. Through smiles are found. And love never says die. Even when it gets rough. True love just never gives up. Oh, love never gives up. Love never lets down. Keeps on trying to smile. Love never says die. Even when it gets enough, we're going to go one key higher. Sing the verse. No matter what, Jesus loves you. His love just keeps going on and on and on and on and on. When all the friends disappoint you, you can be sure he is there all along. Cuz love never gives up. Love never. Love keeps on trying to smile around. Love never says that even when it gets rough. True. Love just never gives up. Love is gentle and patient. It gives and then gives some more and more and more and more and more. It shares without hesitation and doesn't even try to keep score. Cuz love never gives up. Love never lets down. Love keeps on trying. It just smiles around. Love never says die. Even when it gets rough. True love just never gives up. All the kids. All the kids sing with me. You remember it. All the kids sing aloud. Love never gives up. [Music] Where's my kids? Where's my kids? Love never says die. When it gets they forgot it. You forgot it. Everybody one more time. Love never gives up. Love never lets down. Love keeps on trying to smile. Love never says die. Even when it gets, love just never gives up. Amen. Praise the Lord. I pray it'll be more than a song that we'll live it in our homes and our lives this week. Amen. You You children need to learn that in a few months. I'm going to record it with you. I want to sing with you. You need to learn the song. You It works a lot better when you're in the studio. If you know the song, I want to say thank you again to all of our staff and audio video people and laborers and cooking food. And we hosted I don't know four 450 to 500 people. They were here till Sunday night. three or 400 people. And I just want to say thank you as a pastor for all the the singers, the choir, the laborers, everybody just worked real hard. We did a good job of hosting. I know everybody's tired even till today. There's some still sick and so, but thank you as a pastor. I know the Lord appreciates your service for the Lord. Uh we can't do that too often or we all be wore out, but I think we did a good job of hosting. I think the people enjoyed being here. God bless you all. You're dismissed in the name of Jesus Christ. remember if you would uh Wednesday night service at 7:00 and also remember next service Sunday 10:30 Sunday school and also regular service next Sunday as well. Love never gives up. Love never says keeps on trying through smiles and frown. Love never says die even when it gets rough. True love. Sing the first verse. No matter what, Jesus loves you. His love just keeps going on and on and on and on and on. When other friends disappoint you, you can be sure he is there along. Love never gives up. Love never lets down. Love keeps on trying to smile. Love never says you get up. True love just never gives up. Love is gentle and patient. It gives and then gives someone and it shares without hesitation. It doesn't even try. He keeps score. Because love never gives up. Love never lets down. [Music] Love never says. Love just never gives. One more time. Love never gives up. Love never lets down. [Music] Smiles around. Even when it gets rough. True love just never gives up. Give me another key on the other end of the keyboard. Oh, love of God, [Music] how rich and pure, how meantless [Music] and strong. Oh, it shall forever more endure [Music] the saints and true song. Sing it with me now. Oh God, how rich and [Music] how [Music] he shall Forever Lord in you [Music] the saints and angel [Music] song. Thank you Lord. The love of God, hallelujah, is greater far than tongue or man, [Music] can ever tell. Think about it. It goes beyond. It goes beyond the highest star [Music] and reaches to the lowest air. [Music] Bow down with care. Hallelujah. God gave his son to win. Amen. his shon [Music] and pardon. Aren't you glad you're pardoned this morning? Pardon from his sin. What a God. Oh God of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How rich do you [Music] how make you all [Music] are saints and angels [Music] angels. Oh, the saints and just so once again the saints the saint and angel [Music]
