################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-21 - Consider the Lilly - 09/21/2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-21
Title:   Consider the Lilly - 09/21/2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nX7UkcWM_kY
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Oh, we fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet. of Jesus, the great son of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. Won't you stand this morning as we sing to him? Oh, we fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. The greatness of his mercy and love. At the feet of Jesus we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. [Music] Oh, let's sing it to him this morning. We fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. The greatness of mercy and love. At the feet of Jesus we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry, "Holy, holy, holy is the lamb." Oh, let's just sing it to him one more time this morning. Oh, we fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. The greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. [Music] Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. How many certainly glad to be in his house this morning? Once again, to honor, give him praise, glory, honor this morning. Amen. And let's sing this little chorus. I don't have a wrote down. I forgot what I was going to sing. But [Music] oh my, let the worshippers rise. Let's sing that little course this morning. [Music] Oh father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand and I want to be standing by your side holding your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let's sing that chorus again. Oh, let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. order the song of your redeemed. As the saints of every nation heart awakening to sing from our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh here our praises ring. This is a song, a song to the king. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. Oh, I'm surrendering my giving you my home. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my surrender to the king. Let's sing that verse again. Oh, father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeem. As the saints of every nation are awakening to sing from our hearts comes an anthem. Oh, here our praises ring. This is a song to the King of Kings. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my giving you my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Lord, I'm surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender to you. Oh, let's sing that chorus one more time this morning. Oh, let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Amen. Is that your desire this morning? Amen. Surrender our all to him. You can be seated for just a moment. Few prayer requests to read to you this morning. Uh first have a testimony. Want to read Sister Tiffany Merks. Just wanted to thank God for his healing grace and his mercy. Amen. So we certainly want to thank the Lord for the testimony this morning. Amen. For a healing touch for our sister. Uh Sister Brandy Anon asked to please pray for uh April Weisner uh that the Lord will help her through this time in her life. So we certainly want to remember that need this morning. uh Sister Ruth Louise Jax requesting prayer for her daughter Elizabeth concerning a legal matter. Also, she has an unspoken prayer request uh for a gentleman named Steve Peterson. God knows all about his current needs in both physical and spiritual. Want to remember that need this morning. Uh please remember Sister Christine Baker uh became ill on the way to church this morning. Had to turn around and go home. So, we certainly remember her this morning in our prayers. Sister Deanna Ward is requesting urgent continuous prayer for her niece and husband's first baby boy. His name is Cassie uh Greg Gregu I believe is 5 months old. Doctors have diagnosed him with what appears to be an aggressive cancer. Please just remember him in prayer. Also his parents Julius and Mandy and the family there. So we want to lift that young child up before the Lord in our prayers this morning. Amen. I want to remember brother Matthew Carowway uh dealing with shingles uh for the second time. Please pray for healing and pain relief this morning. I want to remember him. Brother Randy Scott, ask us to remember him in prayer. Been dealing with aphib since Thursday morning. Amen. Thank you for your prayers. Uh Sister Maryan, please pray for Bella Harrison, friend's daughter, has an extremely large lymph node on her neck. Also pray for the whole family's salvation this morning. We certainly want to lift that need up before the Lord. Uh, Brother Bobby, Sister Sher Hatton have a special urgent prayer request this morning. Ask the church to remember a family member in prayer. So, we certainly want to lift that need up this morning before the Lord. Also want to just please be uh mindful and remember the Biscll family this morning, the passing of brother Ed Bisll. Want to just remember that church and the whole family in our prayers. Amen. During this time in their lives, I just pray that the Lord will just be with them. Amen. all the the ones around that are sick. Amen. Just want to remember those that are out, just be please be in prayer for those as well this morning. Amen. Brother Paul, would you come take the needs before the Lord for us? Amen. Let's just stand to our feet as we take these requests before the Lord. Let's pray. Jesus, thank you for this day. Lord, thank you for allowing us to come together to hear from you. We're so honored and humbled to to be here once again. So you see once again that we're such a needy people and there's a lot of needs, Lord, both spiritual and physical and especially Lord that 5-month-old with cancer and so many desperate needs, Lord. And we each have our own needs that are not expressed so personal to us. Lord, I pray that you would meet with us and help us to get out of the way of ourselves. Help the the minister to be used of you, Lord, and help us to to just sit and and hear what you have for us, Lord. We thank you for this time together, and we pray that you would be with us in all that we'd say and do throughout the rest of the day and throughout our week, and that you'd help us to be an example and a light for you in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I just want to welcome any visitors that might be with us this morning. Amen. Those that be streaming the service as well. Amen. Welcome to the service. May God bless you this morning. Let's sing this little course. He came looking for me this morning. Amen. Aren't you so glad. Amen. No matter where we were. Amen. He came looking for us. Oh, one night while home life's rag and sea, it looked as if I would suffer defeat. As the blackness of night closed off the light, my heart sank with fear. My desperate cry rang out with fright. All I could see was no hope inside. With faith all but gone, I met the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way when there was no way that I could see. [Music] When I drifted so far, Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm saved from all harm. I met the one who came looking for me. Oh, Satan had already picked out my grave. His plan had moved forward to put me away. I'd drifted so far. Would anyone care that I'd soon be lost? I knew my destruction was a matter of time. Jesus appeared and said, "This one is mine. I'm safe with no harm." He walked through the storm. He came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way when there was no way that I could see. I drifted so far. Jesus was near. Rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm safe from all harm. I met the one who came looking for me again. Oh, Satan had already picked out my grave. His plan and moved forward to put me away. I drifted so far. Would anyone care that I'd soon be lost? I knew my destruction was a matter of time. But Jesus appeared and said, "This one is mine now. I'm safe with no harm." He walked through the storm. He came looking for me. &gt;&gt; He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way when there was no way that I could see. When I drifted so far, Jesus was near. Rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm saved from all harm. Since I met the one who came looking for me. Oh, let's sing it one more time. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way when there was no way that I could see. I drifted so far. Jesus was here to rescue my soul and calm all my fears down safe from harm. I met the one who came looking for me. When I drifted so far, Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm safe from all harm. Since I met the one who came looking for me. Glory. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Mighty you are. Holy you are. Mighty you are. Holy you are, Lord God Almighty. Let's sing that this morning. That Amen. You can be seated this morning. Couple of specials for you. Brother Justin going to be singing for us. Brother Harry. Amen. This morning, let's just sing this little chorus. Amen. As they prepare to sing for us. Oh Lord God Almighty, [Music] you are clothed in majesty. [Music] Heavens declare your wonders. For you are great and do marvelous things. [Music] For you alone are God. There is no one else like you. Let the nations declare that you have done great things. Oh mighty you are you are. Your mercy endureth forever more. Righteous you are, great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord, my God, my king, Lord God Almighty, you are clothed with majesty. [Music] The heavens declare your wonders. For you are great and do marvelous things. Oh, for you alone our God. There is no one else like you. So let the nations declare that you have done great things. You have done great things might holy you are. Your mercy endureth forever more righteous you are great you are. I will exalt you oh Lord my God my king. Oh mighty you are. Holy you are. Mercy endure forever more. Rightuous you are. Great you are. I will exalt you. Oh Lord, my God, my king. Amen. Give our singers a nice hand as they sing for you this morning. [Music] I was a one dream soul Traveling a wellworn road. A sinner far from home. No second chance inside. I heard you call my name. I felt you lift my shame. I made a vow that day that I'd spend the rest of my life [Music] loving my Jesus. stoing my scars, telling my story of how mercy can reach you where you are. I pray the whole world hears the cry of my heart. to see all the ones I love loving my Jesus. Sin tries to make you hide. Whispers that same old lie. Keep all your pain inside cuz no one will un understand. The last thing this lost world needs is someone I'm trying to be. The truth that has set me free is I'm just a broken man. [Music] Loving my Jesus, showing my scars, telling my story of how mercy can reach you where you are. I pray the whole world hears the cry of my heart. To see all the ones I love loving my Jesus. When all is said and done, when my last song's been sung, I stand face to face with the one who gave all for me. May all I have to show be all that matter most. Making your great name known. Let this be my only legacy. [Music] Loving my Jesus, showing my scars, telling my story of how mercy can reach you where you are. I pray the whole world hears the cry of my heart. To see all the ones I love. All the ones I love. loving my Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I wandered far from the fool where I was safe. [Music] It wasn't long till I found I'd lost my way. [Music] I cried with fear as I began to fall. [Music] One more lost lamb. But I heard the shephers call. [Music] He saw my steps as they walked right into the dark. [Music] Though I went astray, I never once left his heart. That night long ago, how I still recall. Though I lost my way, I heard the shepherd's call. [Music] He left the fold to search out that one that stray. [Music] Left 99 cuz there was one to be saved. [Music] [Applause] There on that ledge, one step would have ended it all. [Music] Oh, but I felt the hand and I heard the shephers call. [Music] He saw my steps as they walked right into the dark. [Music] Though I went astray, I never once left his heart. [Music] that night long ago. How I still recall. [Music] When I lost my way, I heard the shephers call. He saw my steps as they walked right into the dark. Though I went astray, I never once left his heart. that night long ago. How I still recall when I lost my way. I heard the shepherd's call. Oh, that not long ago. How I still recall when I lost my way. I heard the shepherds call. [Music] Amen. [Applause] Certainly appreciate those songs this morning. Amen. As we change a word of the service, Brother Ericson's going to be ministering for this morning. Certainly looking forward to that. Amen. We come with an expectation. Amen. Pull upon the gift this morning. Let the Lord speak to your heart. Whatever you have need of this morning. Amen. He's here to answer that need. Amen. To answer that question you have in your life. Amen. God. He's here and can take care of each and every one of us this morning. Amen. Let's just sing this little chorus. My chains are gone. Let's sing that this morning. Amen. As he prepares to come minister for us. Oh, my chains are gone. [Music] I've been set free. [Music] My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. [Music] Amazing grace. Oh, amazing grace. How sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. Oh, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior's ransom. [Music] Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Nice to be with you. Just a real honor to stand here and and once again and and uh just uh uh looking forward to what the Lord has in store today. Sure want to bring you greetings from brother Wayne Lawson and the saints back home at True Tabernacle there in Ohio. And uh we just uh we just appreciate this church, this ministry. We appreciate brother Donnie very much and just the great blessing he's been to our congregation over the years and and uh just trusting the Lord is blessing the dedication services going on over there in Campbellville and just honored to fill in. Amen. While he's uh while he's away I think it's always a special uh uh feels like a just a special privilege to have the trust of uh speaking somewhere while the pastor's away. want to be good stewards of that this morning and just uh trust that the Lord will use it to bless you, to help you, and encourage you. That's that's all that we want to be this morning is a help and amen. So, God bless you and good to be with you. We'll go to the word in Matthew chapter 6 today. Matthew chapter 6 26- 29. I'd just like to consider the lily this morning. Jesus says, "Behold the fowls of the air, for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feedth them. Are ye not much better than they? Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? Why take ye thought for raignment? Consider the liies of the field, how they grow. They toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not a raid like one of these. Amen. I I quite like that scripture. Amen. Let's uh let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, Lord, uh every opportunity with your word, Lord, is an opportunity, Lord, and to hear your voice, Father. Lord, to experience your presence, Lord, to look upon your face. And we just ask, Lord, as we just brought simple, Lord, uh humble things, Lord, that are on our heart this morning, Lord, that your Holy Spirit would come, Father, and make it not a dead letter, Lord, or or or empty lecture, Father. But I pray Lord that your Holy Spirit would just inhabit this service. Father Lord maybe things that we've heard many times Lord would just uh Lord you would just bring an a special inspiration today Father that would make it more real than it's ever been before Father. It's many times Lord when we consider Lord the simple things of your creation Lord but Lord but spend a little time with them Lord that the the great profound truths Lord behind it is open to us Father. I just pray Lord that Lord as we would consider the liies Father we would consider the seed that's within us Lord Jesus. Father that we would just find inspiration Lord to know that there's a law of life at work Lord in every Christian heart. We just Lord uh we ask Lord that you would inhabit the service. May you anoint the lips of the speaker Father but also the ears of the hearer Lord Jesus. Have your way Lord and let your Holy Spirit take control in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you as you're seated today. Amen. Just to consider the lily today. Uh you know uh I think uh uh I think of a quote brother Brandham would use and God hiding himself in simplicity. It's uh I quite like this quote brother Brandham would would say in that message you know which is all about you know the depths of of of the revelation of Christ yet it's hid in simple things right God is hidden simplicity. One of the things he would say in that message, he would say he'd say that a man could sit down and look at a bunch of flowers, a bouquet. And and and he said a man could sit down and study that bouquet for 30 minutes if he and if he would do that sincerely with all of his heart. Brother Bram said he would know more about God than he did if he had all the degrees that a Bible school could offer. Amen. All the degrees a Bible school could give him. He said, "For God reveals himself in the flower." So just uh might might behoove us just for a few moments today. Amen. To consider the lily. Jesus has put it forth in the scripture as a symbol of the Christian. It's a symbol of one of God's children. Amen. We are his liies. We are we are flowers in his bouquet. Is that right? And brother Brandham would would speak on it many times. Uh uh uh as far as I'm aware, I don't think that it's on tape. I think it was an early one that he preached called Reverend Mr. Lily. But he would reference it a lot. you could tell was one of his favorite thoughts there on Reverend Mr. Lily. So, you know, the story of a of this flower, the story of this lily is your story and it's my story. The story of an overcoming Christian. It, you know, there's a uh there's a there's a there's a growth to the life of a Christian. There's a process. It starts with a it starts with a quickened seed, but it comes up into a blossom. Amen. And a flower has a it has a purpose. There's a purpose for a flower and its purpose is to show forth a beauty. Amen. And it and and and to put out a fragrance and there's something that comes out of the expression of that lily life which gives it meaning. It gives it worth and it gives it value. Is that right? Amen. So, you know, we just want to we just want to just uh kind of kind of kind of go with that line of thinking today. Would that be all right with you? Amen. Amen. So, you know, to start to start with the the the story of a lily, you start with a seed, right? You go down to uh there's a family in our church has a greenhouse. Quite quite an amazing operation that they have. And when you go down there on opening day in the springtime, you look and you see such beautiful flowers and just uh every different color and shape. And you know, these flowers are given out this, you know, this beautiful expression. It's just uh has such a value to it and has such a beauty. and you look at that flower, you begin to say, "Well, my goodness, you know, uh I I I love the beauty of this flower, but now what if I wanted to have that in my yard?" And you know, what if I wanted to have that in my front garden or in my you know, in a in a window in my house? And you know, how can I attain that? Well, you you you can't just you can't just uh you can't just manifest a flower into being. You got to start with a seed. Is that right? It's the same way it is with the Christian life. Sometimes a young Christian, we look at people around us and and they're living such a to such a on such a level with Christ and and their their their life is giving out such virtue and such a testimony and such an atmosphere and and a young Christian will look at that and say, "Well, you know, that that seems so unattainable. What hope do I have of of achieving, you know, that that level of the expression of a Christian life?" you know, how do I become that that that that that blossoming lily of a Christian, you know, that has a fragrance to their life and they have a beauty that they're putting forth? And it's the exact same principle. Amen. You you don't become that overnight. You don't just uh you know, uh uh you don't just join the church on Monday and then you're, you know, you're just a fully manifested son the next Sunday. Amen. You you uh you got to start with a seed. Amen. But but there's a something beautiful in that is that all all true lilies and all fully manifested liies started in the humility of a seed. Amen. And God puts something in a seed. Amen. That that uh that will guide it to its full destiny and its full expression. Getting ahead of myself today, but but you got to start with a seed, friends. And you know, that's why we we minister on the quickening power. Amen. Uh how many believe that this message is still full of quickening power? I know that a lot of people you know have uh intellectualized it over the years there uh traditions of men have come and you know and taken the moving the spirit out of the church and given us a form and you know uh uh a lot of people become cold and formal and lukewarm and starchy and powerless with this message. But I believe as long as the message amen is is on this earth and as long as the people that believe it are on this earth amen we've got to have quickening power moving in the church of the living God. Amen. And the reason I believe that is not so that we can, you know, just gather together and have a big noisy service and the preacher can feel like he really preached something because everybody's excited. Amen. I believe that because I believe that uh it takes quickening power to make a seed live. Amen. It takes quickening power to make a seed live. Because a seed, you know, you may think uh because a seed, you know, think of a think of an acorn or, you know, any kind of a a tree seed. Uh, that seed isn't born to life when it falls from the branch of its parentage. Amen. Amen. An aorn isn't born when it falls off the oak tree. That's not the birth. Amen. Amen. But sometimes it'll fall from where it came from. It'll fall from its parent tree. Amen. And it might lay in a dormant condition for a long long time. Sometimes years. Amen. And uh it it could lay there just as dead as it could be. No life in it. No ability to express itself. Amen. But it takes a moment. Amen. A quickening. It takes a a from that time moment. And that's the way it's got to be for every born again son or daughter of God. Amen. We've had our experience, but for our young people, it has to be the same thing. It's not because they join a church. It's not cuz they believe God sent a prophet. It's not about the way you dress. It's not about the lifestyle that you follow. Amen. It takes quickening power, amen, to take a intellectual message believer and make them a message liver and a message manifesttor. Amen. Amen. If you're you see uh because that's when a seed is born is when it's quickened. Amen. Something has to germinate. Something has to happen. Amen. Amen. And everything else about that seed. When you look at a seed, you're looking at the outward things, you know, the outward appearance of a seed. What you're looking at is just a dead husk which is eventually going to rot away. Is that right? All of that is just, you know, those are that's just the conditions. That's just the circumstances and the, you know, and and the uh and the nutrients which are which are put around that seed. Amen. To give it what it needs, amen, to be quickened and then it'll begin to grow. Amen. And that's why we come to church on Sunday morning. We sing songs and we worship the Lord. We fellowship with one another. We build buildings. We we have programs and we preach sermons and we do all these kind of things. But without a life at the core of that, Amen. without uh quickening power. Amen. In that tabernacle, it's a husk. Amen. It's it's just dead religion. Amen. Amen. And so, you know, I if you're uh Amen. that that's the only uh that's the only prescription. Amen. That's the only way today. Amen. You see, brother Bram would say uh he would he would tell us that no matter how good a seed looks, he said the only question of a seed is whether it's been germatized. Amen. If it's not germatized, it'll rot and it'll lay there. And I Yeah, I like how he said he said it's no matter how good you are, how much of a deacon, preacher, pastor, teacher, Sunday school person, whoever you are, no matter how loud you shouted, no matter how you've danced or whatever you've done, and how many missionaries you sent to the field or when you die, he said when you die, you're dead if the Holy Spirit isn't there to raise you up. If your spirit hasn't been changed into that person of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. But you know, just to turn that around this morning then to think, Amen. You might not be the best pre- Christian there is. You might not be the best church member. You might not look like the best preacher or the best believer or the, you know, the best dressed one in the church. You may not have the best gifts and talents and amen. Uh whatever it is, it might not look like uh from the outside you might not look like much. But but the thing is if you've been germatized, amen, if you've ever been quickened, if you ever been baptized with the Holy Ghost, Amen. then it looses something on the inside of you. Amen. that will go that from that time it'll begin to grow. It'll begin to advance. Amen. It'll begin to push out. And it does that all on its own. Amen. Because it's a seed. Amen. And I I I believe uh I believe the message of the hour in that way. I believe this message is so full of power. Amen. That it can still Amen. bring forth Holy Ghost baptized children in the church of the living God. I believe I believe it's still so full of power. Amen. that the Holy Ghost can come down on Sunday morning and begin to walk the aisles and move on needs and perform miracles and heal the sick and deliver the bound and do all of those kind of things. Amen. I know that a lot of people have uh have taken the message and and and and they kind of got the idea that we've come so far and that we know so much that now we're a mature church and and we no longer need, you know, the the manifestation of the spirit because that was all for that's just for the Pentecostals and that's for that's for Pentecostal babies and we're mature, brother Nathan. But, you know, I believe if you look at a tree or look at a flower, Amen. that a mature plant is not a plant which is fallen down and dried up and just just no life in it and you know and and and and and just laying over in a corner somewhere. A mature tree is a tree which has come to the point, Amen, where it's able to reproduce life. Amen. That that that runs a lot deeper than I'm preaching to this morning. But I believe I believe we're a mature bride. I believe we we're under a mature message in a mature season. Amen. But brother Brandham said that maturity would be full maturity with full power. Amen. Amen. And I believe, Amen. If if this message, Amen, doesn't still have in it the ability to bring forth children. Amen. And reproduce new life, if it doesn't bring life to the next generation, amen. Then whatever our idea of the message is, we need to throw it out and get back to the quickening power. Amen. I believe in quickening power. Amen. That'll not only birth a seed, but it'll bring it up higher than it is. Amen. It'll cause that seed to grow. It'll cause that seed to bring forth. Amen. Amen. We brother would say if we get them to church, that's good. But we got to get them Amen. past the church and get them to Christ. He said, where there's quickening power. Amen. Where there's quickening power. And I believe Amen. I believe uh I believe that's where we're to be. We ought to be a church that's able to reproduce the original seed, the original church, that original book of Acts. Amen. That original life. Brother Brandham would say, I'm I'm just laying kind of a foundation here. And then just bear with me for a little bit. Brother Brandham in the rising of the sun there, he would say he he would he would challenge even his own church. And Amen. I think it's a worthy question for any for any believer. He would say, "Is there somebody here who doesn't have this quickening power in you where the sun has shined across?" He said, "Now you might have," he said, "you might have sat in this tabernacle. You've listened to tapes and yet the spirit has never quickened you to follow the word of God. He said that is a dangerous thing. That's a dangerous thing, brother sister. Cuz you know it's real easy to join a church and be part of the movement and dress the part and you know rub shoulders with a with a with a group of people. Amen. And and feel a sense of belonging and feel a sense of identity because of uh because of the church that we associate with and still be a dead seed. Brother Brandon say, "The greatest deception is for somebody to think they're a Christian and not be." Amen. Well, you know that, but there's a lot of people who think they're a Christian because they can quote some quotes. And they think they're a Christian cuz they dress better than somebody else. Or, Amen. think they're a Christian cuz, you know, they got better doctrine than a Pentecost or think they're a Christian because they got freer worship than a Baptist. Or, you know, think they're a Christian, Amen, because of all of the outward husk of our Christianity. Amen. Amen. But a real Christian is somebody who's got a life. Amen. A power, a quickening on the inside. Amen. Who can take the word and then they can follow it. Amen. Not just believe it, but follow it and manifest it. Amen. And bring it to pass. Brother say it was a dangerous thing. What if you would be a dead seed with no life in you? Oh, it's dangerous. He said, "But but there's something in you." Oh, I love this. There's something in you that tells you, I want to rise this morning. I want to rise this morning. I want to rise from the state that I'm in. I don't want to just be a dead seed and be left to dirt and driftwood. I want to rise. Amen. Now, brothers and sisters, I I don't know where everybody's at this morning, but there might be somebody in the house of God today. Amen. And you you might come and you might have come to church today and your your life's in a mess and you're really not in a good place spiritually. And Amen. You might you might be way below living way below where you're supposed to be living. Amen. and and and uh and and and feeling just so much condemnation on you. Amen. Just feeling so much pressure. Amen. Because of just where you're at in in your Christian walk. But but let let's look a little deeper than that this morning. Amen. Is there something under all of your struggles, under all your weaknesses, under all of the things that you're pushing through? Is there a little voice on the inside of you, just a little still small voice? Amen. Something in you saying, "I want to rise. I don't I don't want to live here, Brother Nathan. I don't want to. This isn't uh I don't believe this is where I was who I was meant to be and what I was meant to do. I don't know how to get a little higher with God, but something in me is telling me and pushing me and pulling me and saying and saying I want to rise. I want to come up a little higher in the Amen. I I want to see Amen. Uh I want to live in higher heights. Amen. I want to be more than I am. Brother, if you got that little voice inside of you, you might feel like the weakest Christian in the church. Amen. But if you got that little voice, you ought to thank the Lord today. Amen. Cuz if you got a little voice of a seed on the inside of you saying, "I want to rise." Brother, you got power. Amen. It's power. You say, "Brother Nathan, but but my I have no power in my Christian walk." Amen. But I'm talking about a different kind of power. Amen. There's so much power in the word of God. We could preach on power to overcome, power to heal, power to perform miracles, power for signs and wonders. Amen. Power, Amen. power to speak in tongues and power to do this and power to Amen. the Amen. The word is full of power. But I want to preach on a very special kind of power. And I might be so bold today to today to say this is the most important kind of power a Christian has. Amen. It's power to become. That's the power of a seed. It's got power to become. Amen. There's a power in a seed that no matter what it looks like today, Amen. next year it's not going to look the same. Amen. It's got power in it to become more than it thinks is possible. There's power in you to become more than you ever imagined. To experience more than you thought was possible, to be more of a have more of a Christian life than you thought you had access to. It's power to become. Amen. Amen. There's see something in you wanting to rise that shows there's a seed in there. Amen. And so and and that and the thing is if you got a seed of predestination in you, there's a law in that seed. How many know that? That a seed, naturally speaking, a seed is the encapsulation of a law of God. Amen. When you look at a seed, you're looking at something that just uh it just contains a law of God. Now, we're talking about a law today. Amen. This in other words, it's something God set into motion. It's not a hope so or a might be. It's a must be. It's a law. Amen. A scriptural law. How many know in Genesis? Amen. He created the heavens and the earth. Amen. And then uh and then he put a law into motion. He he he remember brother Graham said he put the seeds of creation into the earth. And everything that he wanted to have life, he would put the seeds of that life in the earth. Amen. Amen. Now, now uh and but when he planted those seeds, he put a law in that seed. He said, "Let every seed bring forth of its own kind." Let every seed bring forth of its own kind. Now, that's a law. Amen. That's a law. You ready for a little deep teaching this morning? &gt;&gt; Ever since God put this law into place, a cat has never had puppies. Anybody ever seen it? Anybody ever seen a dog have kittens? It's never happened. Amen. Because it's a it's a law of God. He put it right into the nature and the makeup, amen, of a seed. Amen. That when a seed is planted, there's already a potential in that seed. Amen. That it can become a and express the life that it came from. It doesn't have to try to do that. It doesn't hope to become that. Amen. It must be that because it's a law of Genesis. It's the law of the seed. Amen. And now the law of the seed, it's a very simple principle, but it runs very, very deep. And you know, you can sp God's things that God's simple truths are are so profound. They're simple on the surface and they're profound when we begin to dig into them. But you know, you can study a lot on how a seed works and and they do today. There's never been a time when our agriculture and the growing of our food was more scientific and more advanced. And you look at the technology that they have and you know they go in a lab somewhere with a little seed and they they unwrap the gene of that seed and they can you know they can they can mess around with chemicals and nutrients and and fertilization and amen and and environment and they can do everything and there's so much study that you can put into it. There's so much you know you can learn. There's so much you can you can uh you can uh wrap your mind around this process of a seed. But you know, at the end of the day, brother, sister, as scientific as it is and and as advanced as it is, Amen. and as intellectual as it's become, at the end of the day, a farmer goes out in the field, he puts a seed in the dirt, and he lets God's law happen. Amen. Because at the end of the day, there's something beyond human control. There's something beyond human ex understanding. Amen. Something beyond comprehension. It's the law of life that God put in a seed. Amen. That it doesn't need your help to become what it's supposed to be. And then you can't tamper with it. Amen. You can't come reach down and pluck a blossom out of a lily seed. It's got to follow God's law. It's got to go through his process. It's got to grow. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. It's only the life that's in the seed that can make it blossom. Amen. Yeah. And and uh Brother Bam would teach this and God's power to transform. Let's listen. Listen close to this quote here. Brother Brham said when he put the seed in the earth, the seed can only come forth with the power of life in it. I love that. The power of life to transform it from a seed to a plant or whatever it was. His transforming power. Now God put the So what is God's power to transform? It's the power of a seed. Amen. And he said, "Now God put the seed in there with potentials that it would be what he said it would be." Amen. And as long as it stayed in its right category, it would be just exactly what God said it would be because he made it that way. And he made a channel. Brother Bram said that anything that stays in his channel or follows his law in his line of word, it will have to bring forth exactly like his word said it would do. Hallelujah. And brother Bram said, see, God planted those seeds and then God said, "It's all good. It's all good. I'll just rest." I tell you what, God's resting today. God's not worried about it. He said, "It's all good and I'll just rest because each one of those seeds has power in itself." Amen. To transform itself into the species that I desire it to be. That's what it must be because I have given to every seed. How many believe you're a seed of God today? He said, "I have given every seed transforming power." Amen. to make out of itself in its potentials to make of it exactly what I want it to be. Hallelujah. You say, "Brother Nathan, I need that transforming power today. I I'm sick and I need my body transformed. I I I need my I need my mind transformed. I need my attitude transformed." Hallelujah. Amen. I I need transforming power. Amen. Cuz I'm living here and I want to live here and I need a transformation in my life. Amen. Don't look a million miles away in outer space. Amen. for the power that you're looking for. It's not on the other side of the sea. Amen. When God, Amen, predestinated you to be a child of God. Amen. He planted a seed in you. And the power that you need to become what God wanted you to be is already in you. Amen. There's a law of life in the seed of election. Amen. He isn't worried about it. God is resting on what he already planted. Hallelujah. Amen. See, God didn't gain confidence in you as this child. Amen. When you went to the altar and knelt down to pray. God didn't get confidence in you the day you got the Holy Ghost. God didn't get gain his confidence in you. Amen. When you made a decision for the Lord or Amen or or or when you joined the right church. God has had confidence in you. Amen. Since he carried you in his mind in seed form before the foundation of the world, God trusts his own law. Amen. We got to trust it, too. You can trust that seed. Amen. God put the power in it. Transforming power to make itself what he wanted it to be. Amen. God's already provided the power. The Bible said, Amen. As many as believed on him and received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God. Amen. Even to them that believe on his name. Amen. That's God's law. That's God's See, that's God's program. Amen. Is life begets life. There's a there's a channel to it. There's a cycle to it. Amen. You know, we could stop and and preach here a long time. Amen. We won't today, but just to think of that of that process. Amen. Of reproduction, Amen. of of life, beginning life, of a seed line coming down through generations. Amen. That's a that's a there's a great focus on that in the word of God. You can look at the Old Testament and the great focus that that they put on the rituals around reproduction. Amen. You you can think about think about to a Christian the sanctity of a marriage vow. Amen. And just the the terrible shame and Amen. the terrible stigma. Amen. Around infidelity and around, you know, being promised to this one and running with that one. Amen. What that means to a Christian. What a wicked thing it is. Amen. To be unfaithful. Amen. To the one God has placed you with. Amen. You you see some people today, they think, well, all of those things, that's just some man trying to control me and that's just, you know, that's just some church trying to tell me what to do and keep me away from things that feel good or, you know, thing things I want to do. Amen. But it's a lot deeper than that, friends. Amen. This seed line is very, very important to God. It's very important to God. Amen. Even so much that that your great great great grandfather would have angels escorting him on the battlefield. He he would be fighting a war somewhere. Amen. But God's angels would escort that seed. Amen. So that it wouldn't come to an untimely end. Amen. Because God had to bring this one to this one and this one to this one. Amen. And bring it down generation to generation. Amen. See, God's got a purpose. God's got a plan. God's got something he's trying to bring forth. Amen. So, see, God's God cares about the seed. Amen. And he cares about preserving that life. And and all of these things are about the preservation and the propagation of life. Amen. The protection of life. Amen. That's that's see that's the kind of God who's watching over this message and the and its believers. Brother would often quote the scripture in Isaiah. I the Lord do keep it and I will water it every moment lest any heard it. I will keep it night and day. Amen. You somebody came to brother Brand. Brother Bran would always quote it this way. He would say, "I the Lord planted it before the foundation of the world and I'll water it." Amen. lest anybody should pluck it from my hand. Amen. You can see he's putting you right in that scripture. One of God's seed is one of his sheep. Somebody will come to say, "Brother Brandon, how how is it that there's anybody that believes your message? How h how h how do you have anybody to listen to you?" He said, "Because I can see why people listen to Billy Graham because he's got all the denominations in support of him." And Oral Roberts, every Pentecostal hangs with Oral Roberts, he said. But brother Brandham said, "You're against the whole thing. You're against all these organizations. You're against all these power structures and and systems. So, how in the world do you ever get anybody? Brother Bam said, "It's God. It's God. I the Lord planted it. I'll water it. I'll plant it. I put their names on the book before the foundation of the world by predestination. I'll water it." He said, "Just keep on moving." Amen. I believe, brother, brother, sister, that if God planted a message, Amen. He already had somebody in mind, amen, to receive that water, to receive that light. God's got seed in this day. Amen. It's not any powers of men or our ability to organize or our ability to, you know, to make programs that's carrying this message forward. Amen. But the husband men, amen, the the great gardener of heaven, amen, is is looking after the vine. Amen. And he said, "And now, if this vine ever succeeds to grow, amen, if it's ever able to put forth, Amen. If he if I take care of my vine, if I water it, Amen. If I put light on it, they'll write another book of Acts behind it." Hallelujah. Amen. I believe, amen, that uh we got to just go on with the message cuz there's a seed life that's in the message. I'm not worried about whether we're going to make a rapture. I'm not worried about whether we'll see adopted sons. I'm not worried about power. Amen. And authority and manifestation. It's already in the seed. &gt;&gt; It's already in the message. &gt;&gt; You just need somebody to believe it. Let's just say it simply like this. When God plants a seed, God expects a blossom. He's not he's not worried about whether it'll come forth. He's already expecting a blossom when he plants the seed. Isaiah 55 says as the rain comes down and it gives seed and bread. Amen. Amen. Seed and bread. Remember it said the rain comes it gives seed to the sewer and bread to the eater. Now the beautiful thing about this there's a there is a process involved in seed becoming bread. Amen. But it all comes by the same rain. Hallelujah. And there is a process involved. Amen. From Amen. From taking a holy ghostborn, Amen. quicken seed of God and then bringing them to the place of an adopted son. There's a process, but it comes by the same reign. Amen. And brother, brother, sister, we got a message that's the former and the latter reign together. We got enough power in this message, amen, to get somebody born again, amen, to fill them with the Holy Ghost. And enough power to take a Holy Ghostborn son of God and make them more than a Pentecostal baby. Amen. But bring them up to a capstone life. Amen. Where they can express the life that they came from. Hallelujah. This ain't a time for little twig Christians, little sprout Christians. We're living in the blossom. &gt;&gt; Amen. He said that's that's the way my word is. It shall not return to me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it. Amen. I I believe we receive a message of adoption. Amen. And so if God would send a message of adoption, God's expecting manifested sons, manifested daughters. Amen. A mature church with full maturity and full power. Amen. You and that's where but you know that's where the intimidation comes in for a lot of our young Christians. You know, uh uh some of us were we're young in the Lord. We we weren't there in 1963. We weren't there in 1977 yet. We weren't we, you know, some of us are young in the Lord and we're early on in our journey, you know, and so you know what happens as a young person or a young Christian, amen, they'll say, "Well, brother Nathan, I see the great call of the hour. I I listen to brother Brandham. I listen to the message and I see I see this great image, amen, that that is presented of a bouquet of overcoming Christians, amen, with such power and such maturity and such manifestation." I hear brother Bram say that this bride would be an invincible army, that she would do the greater works, that she'd be a sinless, virtuous bride, and that, you know, and all these great things that are spoken about the bride. And I'm looking at myself, Brother Nathan, and I feel like I I've only got Amen. I just only have a little Jesus. And I don't I, you know, I I I know I know, Brother Donnie, you know, I I I know he's a manifested son. And you know, I I know I know this one. Brother Daryl, you know, he's a manifested son. And I'm looking at this one and that one and I see that virtue coming from their life. And you know, I see them walking in the hour, you know, in the light of the hour and and doing what they're supposed to do. And I'm looking to myself, brother Nathan, I just don't got enough. I've only got a little Jesus. Amen. But you know what? Little Jesus. Amen. Little Jesus. Little Jesus could take all that Jesus. Little Jesus could go down to church on Sunday morning and he could sit around with a bunch of theologians and a bunch of doctors of divinity and he could wrap him in circles just by just by being little Jesus just on the grounds of who he was, just on the grounds of the life that was in him. Don't ever underestimate little Jesus. Cuz if all you got is a little Jesus today, let me tell you something. Little Jesus was still Jehovah Jesus. And little Jesus, just a little Jesus in you is still a healer. It's healer Jesus. It's victory, Jesus. It's peace, Jesus. It's It's overcoming Jesus. Amen. But the thing about little Jesus, little Jesus don't stay little. Amen. Brother said, "When a man gets saved, a little bit of light, Amen. Just a little bit of light." He said, "Just the size of a button on your shirt." Just that much light comes into a man when he's saved, when he's born again. Just a little button of light like that. Amen. Just a little seed of light. Amen. And you look friends, you're not the fullness of the Godhead bodily. Amen. But when you got the Holy Ghost, Amen. Brother Brand said, a little lick of fire off of that pillar of fire. Amen. Just a a little flame off the Godhead. Amen. A little spark came out of that logos and it inhabited your life, came into your heart. Amen. Just a little button of light. That's all that it is. But it won't stay little. Brother Graham said that little light, it'll begin to grow. Amen. It begins to grow and it begins to expand. And from that time, it'll begin to push out. And all of a sudden, that little light that's in you starts pressing against the darkness that's in your flesh. Amen. And that little bit of light starts pushing this way and pushing all of a sudden it starts pushing on your bad attitude and it starts pushing on your depression and pushing on those worldly pleasures and pushing down entertainment. Amen. That's Amen. Why? Cuz it's a seed. And if a seed Amen. If it's a true seed, all it needs is time and atmosphere and it'll grow. Say, "Brother Nathan, I only got a little Jesus." I'll tell you what to do with little Jesus. Don't sit home in your pajamas. Get down to the church on Sunday morning and get in an atmosphere of believing Christians. Amen. Amen. And let the Holy Spirit move as licks of fire come together. Put it in an atmosphere. Feed it the message of the hour. And little Jesus won't stay little. It'll start to grow. &gt;&gt; Amen. He said it'll keep growing, growing, growing. It'll start crowding out unbelief. Amen. That's what you got to do. Amen. That's Look, that's what our young people need is not a 12step plan. Amen. But get them the Holy Ghost. Amen. And then feed that experience so that it begins to grow. Amen. You know, I I had an old house. A house I used to live in was in right in the middle of town, just a little yard, and it had a had an ugly old fence around it. Brother Josiah, it was just a just a terrible the fence was just falling apart, and I didn't really want to get a new fence cuz fences ain't cheap. And so, so I thought I had this bright idea. What I'll do is I'll I'll go down I'll get some kind of a flowering vine and uh and I'll take that flowering vine. I'll plant it all along that fence and it'll fill up the fence and it'll hide all the broken places and and you know that oh that'll be beautiful. You know that that that'll be the ticket. So I went down I went down to Menard's. Bless the Lord. And uh and I found I found a a seed of a little plant called morning glory. I thought I like the sound of that. Morning glory. Well, okay, that'll work. And I saw it was a flowering vine. So, I went home. If any of you are gardeners, you're going to laugh right now. Uh but but on the back of that packet, it said, "Take one seed and put it every 6 in." And I thought, I bought tons of this stuff. So, I took that seed, man, and I scattered it just every inch all the way down along my fence cuz I really wanted to hide that fence. And you know, nothing happened right that day. And the next week, you couldn't tell the difference. Amen. But but after a season and after a time, Amen. All of a sudden, here that morning glory starts coming forth and it starts pushing out and it started and you know just in no time that stuff filled up that whole fence and I thought, "Praise the Lord." That's where I wanted it. I wanted it on the fence. The problem with morning glory, it don't stay on the fence. Amen. You know, that's the way some of you thought. You thought you just get enough Christianity to come down at church on Sunday morning. Amen. But one day the word was going forth and something on the inside of you said, "No, you're called to be higher than that." You're not some leoty and chicken just a peck and scratch around. Amen. You there's there's heights that you were made to fly in. Amen. Well, if you want to be that eagle, Amen. You got to recognize what kind of life is in you. Amen. Cuz that morning glory starts pushing out. All of a sudden, it takes over my yard. It goes up my trees. It went up the side of my garage. Went up the side of my house. It got into my vegetable garden. And it started at the bottom of my tomato plants and it went all the way up to the top of every last one of them and choked them out. Weeds couldn't grow in my garden cuz they were too full of morning glory. Amen. I'm preaching to you this morning. That's what God planted in you. Amen. When he made you a partaker of the divine nature, he put the law of a seed within you that there's a life in there that's going to grow. Amen. And it's going to take over everything. Amen. Don't worry. Amen. You got sin in your life. Let the Holy Spirit choke it out. Amen. You got things that need pushed out. Let God push it out. You'll never separate it. Amen. But God puts something in you. Amen. With the ability in it. Amen. To take over. Hallelujah. Just like, you know, driving around these these back roads around here. Down here, you got a lot of that kudu, I think it's called, if I'm saying that right. You see that everywhere. And you know that kudzu, it just it starts to whenever it just it gets a chance to sprout. Next thing you know, it takes over everything. Nothing else can live there. It's just the only life that can do. You know why it's so aggressive and why you can't control it? Because it came from another country. Amen. Amen. That's why you'll never Amen. You'll never hold back the Holy Ghost. Amen. That That's why you'll never hold back a predestinated son or daughter of God. Amen. The devil can pile unbelief on you. He can try to push you down with condemnation. He can tempt you. He can attack you. Amen. But there's Amen. There's a life in you that came from another world. Amen. It has no natural predators. Say, "Brother Nathan, how Amen. I'm living in this flesh body and and and is subject to sin. Amen. And every time I try to do good, evil is present." Amen. Well, you know that's right. The Bible says there's a law of death that's in your flesh. Amen. And that law is trying to have a hold on you. Amen. And and make you subject to the urges and the temptations of the flesh. You know, but look, there's another law in you called the law of life. Amen. And and that and so then the law of life, Paul says, has set us free from the law of sin and death. Amen. You you ever think about, you know, how uh I believe one time brother talks about an eagle when he's flying, how he defies the law of gravity, right? Or when you raise your hand, you know, you're defying the law of gravity. Ever heard that? But you know something, the law of gravity is universal. And uh you know I don't mean to give you a physics lesson today, but you know that if you look at an eagle flying in the sky, the whole time he's flying, the law of gravity's acting on him the whole time. Amen. An eagle doesn't have a magic ability to put to put uh you know to put uh the law of gravity on pause. It's just that there are other laws. There's laws of aerodynamics. Amen. And the laws of And so the reason an eagle can fly, Amen, is because he overcomes the law of gravity with the laws of aerodynamics. Amen. That's how we overcome, brother, sister. It ain't about being perfect in your flesh. But to recognize there's a law in the seed that's in you. There's a law of life there. And the law of life God put in you. Amen. It's got the power in it to overcome the flesh. Amen. There's it's a greater law. Amen. You can soar. Amen. Higher than you think you can. You just got to trust in the right law. Hallelujah. Amen. It's the morning glory. It's the rising of the sun. It's a shalom message. I I believe you know I I I'm convinced you could drop a nuclear bomb on that old house. You could erase every memory of Nathan Ericson. Ever se every cell of me. Amen. That that ever inhabited there. But next spring that morning glory is coming back. Just as sure. Don't you ever p Don't you ever plant that in your yard, friends. And God has put something in you. Amen. It's a resurrection life. It's a it's a it's a token life. There's a there's a law in it. There's a power in it. Amen. God's not God's not worried about whether it'll be there on resurrection morning. Amen. He's not worried about whether you're going to take a rapture. He already planted rapture in you. Can't you see it, friends? Amen. It's the law of life that's in a Christian. Hallelujah. And then if you're a seed, there's only one limitation on how far a seed can grow, and that's the season that it's living in. But friends, we're not in a justification season. We're not in a sanctification season. We're not in a Pentecostal Zusa street. We're not Pentecostal babies, but we've received a message. And brother Brandham said, now we're living in the blossom. Amen. And the message has come to a place. Amen. Where it's time for manifested sons to come forth. What are you saying, brother Nathan? I'm saying whatever your idea is of the ceiling of your potential. You got something in your mind. It's a it's a ceiling. And you say, "Well, Brother Nathan, if I'm going to be a Christian, I'll only ever be this much of a Christian. And this is just as high as I think I can go. What I want you to do this morning, take that, throw it away. Amen. Throw it away. Cuz I'm talking about we're living in a season and there's a seed that's in you that's got potential in it like you can't even imagine. Amen. If you only knew what kind of a Christian you could be. If you only knew what kind of a what kind of a father, what kind of a mother, what kind of a preacher, what kind of an elder. Amen. What kind of a young person you could be. Get rid of your artificial constraints. Get rid of your idea and realize, Amen. This is the age of the blossom. This is the age for a bride manifestation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You got to get rid of it. Amen. Because look, Amen. No matter where a Christian's at, Amen. There's a law in them. There's a voice in them, a seed. Amen. That wants to push up higher. Amen. Don't you you can't stop halfway on the journey. You're called to your adoption. Predestinated to adoption. Hallelujah. That means if you're predestinated to adoption, there is a positional placing. There is an expression. There is a beauty, a blossom, a fragrance that's going to come out of your life. And no other flower, no other person can reproduce it. Amen. There's nobody else. Amen. It don't mean everybody's got to be another William Brandham. It don't mean everybody else has got to be everybody's got to be a preacher. Paul said not all speak with tongues. Not all perform miracles. That's not what we're talking about. It's not some charismatic idea of, you know, throw away your limits and everybody's going to be rich and successful and famous and have a great ministry. No, sir. Amen. It's much greater than that. Amen. It's saying throw what? It's saying there's a seed on the inside of you. Amen. And that seed has a destiny. That seed has a future. There is something God wants to bring out of your life that nobody else can reproduce. You got a place in his bouquet. He made you a different a different color, a different shape, a different stature with different fragrance with a different appearance. Amen. Because Amen. He wants to bring his glory out of you. Hallelujah. Amen. And I that's what I want in my life. Amen. I received a message which took the limits off of me. I want to be everything I can be. I want to preach Amen. Uh to the best that I can preach. I want to live to the greatest I can live cuz that's the age that we're living in. Hallelujah. Amen. You're an overcoming Christian. You're the bride of Jesus Christ. You're not under you're not under condemnation. You're not under the leodys and rebuke. You're not naked, blind, and miserable. No, you're a you're a flower in full bloom. &gt;&gt; Brother Brand would talk about that pond lily. I always thought it was amazing you use the pond lily specifically. How that it came out of the muck and how it's come up through, you know, came out of a dark place. You remember where you were when this message found you. Amen. You were down in a dark place somewhere crawling around in filthy things. Amen. But the grace of God called you up and it brought you up above the mud. It brought you out, Amen, into the sunshine and it's brought your life into blossom. And we look around at Christians, amen, showing the virtues of Christ and showing his character and Amen. and manifesting his life in this day. And you look at that and you say, "What a beautiful lily." Amen. But you can't point at that. Amen. Sometimes people, you know, they some the Lord brings them so far and they're still under condemnation of where they came from. But brother Bam said, "Look, you can't you can't say nothing about that lily." Amen. Once he comes up to a blossom, you say, "Well, he come out of the mud. Well, you know that brother, you I know what kind of church he came out of and you know that sister, I remember her family situation and that that young man, you know, he was in he was messed up in such terrible things, you know, and brother Bam said, "You can't you can't say anything about him now." Amen. cuz he's not in the mud now. Now he's on top. Amen. You can't point back at what he was. What is he now? He's on top. Glory to God. Amen. But you know, it hits a little different for a young Christian or a young person, Amen, who's not on top of everything and they're they're in a season in their life, amen, where they don't feel like they're up in full bloom. They feel like they're they're just down there in the mud. Amen. And and you look at that lily, the journey that it had to come through. Amen. And you watch this now, how that it uh it started down in a filthy place. And when you pass over the seed down there in the earth, whatever kind of neighborhood you grew up in, a lot of you, Amen. when you when when when when somebody passed over you, they couldn't tell the difference between the seed and the rock next to it and the clump of dirt next to that. It just looked like it was like all the rest of the earth. No, not no difference to it. not not expressing anything different than just a regular worldly person. But somehow someway there was a potential in that seed that all the rest of the earth didn't have. And so one day, amen, a little ray of light came down and it somehow it got through all of that filth and dirt and all the molecules of earth. Amen. It came down and it struck the seed just right. Amen. When that little light struck you, Amen. Now, what it might not have, you might not have jumped and screamed to shout it. Or maybe you did, but it's not always a great big explosion. Sometimes just a little. But from that time, something awakens in that seed. Now, now, but when it comes to its awakening, it's in a filthy place. It's surrounded by filthy things. Amen. But look, Amen. There's a law in that seed. It don't matter how deep it's buried in filth. Amen. How how earthly it is, something in it says, "I want to rise." So it starts to push back on on the filth and it pushes back on the muck and it begins to claw and fight and oh the harder it fights the dirtier it gets. Amen. But something's driving it until it pushes and and strives and works and toils and spins and all of a sudden there's a breakthrough. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank God for the breakthrough. But you know what happens to a lot of Christians? They come to that breakthrough and guess where that lily is? It's still at the bottom of a pond. Yeah. And so all of a sudden people think they get the Holy Ghost and all their problems are over. But then they find out they get out in the water and they're under pressure. Amen. And then you know the Leotan tides come through and Amen. all these influences around you and you're trying to live a Christian life and trying to grow. Amen. But it's pushing you this way. And Amen. is pushing you that way. And Amen. Something just it's just hard to keep your bearing. It's hard to Amen. But something in that lily says no, I don't belong here either. There's got to be something higher than this. There's got to be something greater than this. And and so it begins to swim. It begins to go against the flow and it'll look around. It might look at the other the other plants down there under the water. And then what I don't know what the plant's called. We always call it seaweed, but it's a freshwater one actually. You know when you go these little streams around here and there's that one there's that one little weed and uh when the water's running real fast, it's just &gt;&gt; and then a flood or something comes and the tides turn and it's run the other way and it just cuz it's made for shallow water. There's nothing in that kind of a plant to resist. Nothing in it to try to get any higher than that. It just goes with the flow. Amen. And you know, sometimes Christians, they think they look at people in the world and they say, "Why why can't I be like everybody else? Why can't I just do what's normal? Why can't I just go with the flow? You know, why can't I just, you know, why can't I just give way to the pressure and just But no, cuz there's a different life on the inside of you." Amen. that's wrestling with that and say, "No." Amen. I've got a backbone. I've got a structure. There's a strength to the life that's in me. I'm not going to bow over and be tossed by every tide. Amen. I'm going higher. I'm rising up. Amen. And oh my Amen. And when it gets to the top of that water and then it comes out into the presence of the sun and comes out in that warmth and gets above all of those pressures and things and then brother Brand said it just opens up its bud and Amen. And and uh and and comes into full blossom and a fragrance comes out of it and everybody around can enjoy the atmosphere of that lily. Why? Because it's an overcomer. Amen. Because it's pushed up through some things. Cuz it's living on top. But again, for a young person, for a young Christian who's not on top, sometimes, you know, you look at where somebody else is, you say, "I'll never get there. I'll never get there. Look at that life is in full blossom. I'm down here. I'm messing with this filthy thing, and I'm and brother Nathan, I feel like that I don't feel like a that overcoming lily today. I feel like that I feel like I'm like you're I'm under the water, and I'm I'm feeling all this pressure, and I I'm drowning. I think I'm drowning, Brother Nathan. Here's what you got to realize. Amen. You can look at that beautiful overcoming lily. That beautiful blossom of a Christian life. Amen. And and and what a beautiful life it is. Amen. But look, when that when it was buried down there in the dirt so deep you couldn't even tell the difference, it was still a lily. And when it was pushing up through that filth and crawling out of the muck, it was a lily then. And it was going when it was swimming against the tide and getting pushed here and there. Amen. and and and a and and and uh and subject to every influence. It was still a lily. Amen. It was a lily the whole time because the law, Amen, is not in the blossom. The law is in the seed. Amen. And when God, Amen, when you were born again, God sealed his virtues in you in potential form. Amen. With the with when made you a partaker of the divine nature. Brother Ram said when you got the Holy Ghost, God gave you everything you have need of for life's journey. &gt;&gt; Amen. You can't add virtue to your faith. Let the Holy Spirit do it. You can't add knowledge to your virtue. Let the Holy Spirit do it. Let the inside teacher. Amen. Just push up and let him have let patience have her perfect work. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just trust the Lord. Trust the seed that he planted in you. It was a lily the whole time, friends. Amen. Amen. Still a lily. And that's what you are. On your worst day, you're a child of God. Amen. In your worst struggle, you're still a child of God. You can't change the nature of the seed. &gt;&gt; You can only yield to the law that's in it. &gt;&gt; Brother Bam preached the law of life in the restoration of the bride tree. Remember my I don't have time to preach everything that's on my heart today. I'm enjoying myself though. Amen. He he he talked about that law. It's in a fish. And just to just to put it in a quick paraphrase, you know, he's talking about a fish might try really hard to be a fish. It goes up and gets a big burst gulp of air and says I'm going to dive down real deep. Brother Bram said it'll burst because it's not made to try to be a fish. It's already made to live in those conditions. If he said if a bird gets running said, well, if I run real hard and flap my wings real hard, I'm just going to try to fly. Brother said he won't get off the ground. Amen. Because look, amen. There's already something put into that nature. There's a law in the life of a bird. He's already made to fly. He's just got to yield to the currents of air. Amen. He's got to use what's already in him by a law of life. And brother Bam said, "We have a law of life." Amen. Cuz a lot of people, Amen, they say, "I'm going to try real hard to be a Christian. I'm going to work real hard. Oh Lord, when I get up from this altar, you know, I'm going to do better. I'm going to go turn over a new leaf. This time it'll be different." But brother Brand said, "Amen. It's uh" He said uh he said, "It's not how we fight and pull and hurry and say, "If I don't get this and I don't get that." He said, "That's not it. It's to know that the law of life is in you. And then you just let go and let God. And he takes you to your healing. He takes you to the baptism of the spirit. Any claim he's given is yours by letting go and letting God. Amen. It's come to find out I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. Amen. And so there's a life already in me. I've just got to yield to it. I'm not trying to be the bride. I'm not trying to be a Christian. Stop trying to be a son of God. You already are. Just yield to what you are. When the Holy Ghost says, "Hey, that ain't what we're about." Uh, we don't look at that. We don't say that. We don't we don't go here. Amen. That's not who we are. Then you just yield to the law of life. Amen. See, there's something already on the inside testifying of who you are. Oh, what a beautiful thing. I think about that Reverend Mr. Lily, Brother Bram, would talk about. remember how he'd go on and on and it's amazing picture that he paints about how this lily how that it's got to how it's got to push out. Oh, he said it's got to toil and work and it's got to oh, just spin and and just crawl its way up out of the dirt to get up and be the lily that it's supposed to be. Amen. And then I went, you know, and and and then I went and heard what Jesus said. He said, "Consider the lily. They toil not, neither do they spin." And I thought, well, there's a paradox. But you know what? I believe it is, friends. Amen. Sure, Lily. You know, sure, Lily's got to rise above some things. There's things it's got to press through to be what it is and to express the the potentials that are in it. But it doesn't have to work to be a lily. And brother, sister, you never worked one day in your life to be a child of God. Amen. It was grace that elected you. Grace that predestinated you. Amen. Grace that's got a hold of you. It was his grace that made you a child of God. Sooner you find out who you are, sooner you can rest and let the law of life that's in you go to work. Yield, amen, to the life that's in you. Oh. Oh friends, he said that little that little seed burst open into life. Brother Bram said it can't do that till it goes through all that process. It's in the message birth pains. A birth pains of going through a process. Amen. But when it gets fully above the dirty water and muck and so forth, oh, he said it's so happy and it gives its life out freely. And it's a beautiful life. A beautiful life when it gets into the presence of that which is drawing it. Amen. Friends, a lot of people come to the church, Amen. And they got just enough religion to make them miserable. But let me tell you, Amen. If if uh if all you got is a bunch of dos and don'ts and rules and regulations and church membership and current events and whatever the latest drama is and Amen. and you're miserable under that. Amen. Don't you know there's something higher up? It's the presence of the Lord Jesus revealed in this message. It's drawing us up. Amen. And if you could ever get up into that, it's a beautiful life. What's the message to you, brother Nathan? It ain't a cult. Amen. It ain't it ain't a it ain't legalism. Amen. It ain't it ain't some ism. Amen. It's the Lord Jesus Christ revealed to me personally. And it's a beautiful life in the presence of the Lord. It's a beautiful life to see Christ. Amen. Revealed in his word. It's a beautiful life. How many want to reach that beautiful life? Oh, no doubt. We're all pressing through some things. We all got a things we need to get on top of. Amen. But there's a law of life within us. Amen. that with the power in it to get there. &gt;&gt; Thank God for that sunlight pulling us up. &gt;&gt; Pulling us up. Oh, I'm reaching for that beautiful life. My my when can where can we sit this down? Amen. You see the thing about a a flower. Amen. What a flower is for. A flower has a purpose. There's a there's a sermon in a flower. There's a meaning. There's a beauty. There's a truth in it. A a and uh and it it's in the scripture. It has its place in the word of God. But the thing about a flower, most of what the scripture has to say about a flower, it's very fragile. It's very fragile. And it's a that speaks of your human life. Friends, I want you to think about, you know, here on earth, look, uh uh you know, what do we get? 70, 80 years of life. And there's something in me, I believe it's a seed. There's a voice in me that says,"I not here to live 70, 80 years and have a job and build a house and have get married and have some kids, you know, and accumulate some wealth and then die and it all just fades back into the void and none of it meant anything." &gt;&gt; The seed speaks of purpose. Every time Brother Brand would preach on a seed, he's preaching about purpose. A seed has purpose. That's what drives it. That's what brings it higher. God didn't give me the Holy Ghost just to sit on my hands and join a church. There's something for me to do with the power of the Holy Ghost. There's something for me to express. I'm here for a reason, friends. Amen. Oh, don't you know what a privilege it is to be in God's bouquet today? There's only going to be so many message believers. There's only going to be so many message churches. There's only going to be so many Sundays to worship the Lord in the light of this hour. Only so many sermons to preach and only so many preachers to preach them. There's only going to be so much time. Amen. And if we spend all that time and it didn't mean anything, then what was the point of it all? But what the flower tells us is that yes, I'm fragile. Yes. Amen. A man is a flower and he quickly fadeth. Amen. But while I'm here, I've got something to express. There was a little flower one day. Amen. It only bloom maybe only bloomed for a week and then it wilted away. But that particular flower was in the right time and in the right place that gave it purpose. Amen. Because it was growing next to where Job was walking one day and Job looked down at that flower and all of a sudden a revelation struck him and under the gaze of the prophet that flower's life took on a greater meaning cuz he said the flower goes away but the next spring it comes back. Amen. Oh my. So therefore I can see the resurrection and the life of Jesus Christ. That's why I'm here, friends. I'm not here for long. I'm not here. Amen. I'm I'm here temporarily, but I'm here to bear witness to not only the resurrection, but the life of Jesus Christ. Amen. Because the same power that raised him from the dead has quickened this mortal body. Don't you see why you're here, friends? Amen. Your life doesn't have any meaning. It don't have any purpose. Amen. just to just to live a human life and fade away, but under the gaze of a message, under the under a prophetic gaze. Amen. Our time here matters. And I believe there's something that I can express. There's a fragrance we can bring forth in time which will echo in eternity. &gt;&gt; Don't you want to do something for the Lord today? There's no such thing as a seed without a purpose. There's no such thing as a child of God without a destiny. There's no such a thing. There is a there is a there is a mountain that belongs to you. There is a positional placing. There is a work for you to do. There is something you're here on earth to express. &gt;&gt; Amen. The the only way we'll do it is by the law of life that's in us. Amen. I I want my life to serve a purpose. I want to show that beauty. Amen. Not just not beautiful Christ, not beautiful works, beautiful church membership, beautiful Christianity, beautiful life. Amen. You see, it's a it's there's a natural beauty to that when it's not all just put on and just all dressed up and when we're just not just trying to, you know, just trying to really really be a somebody of a Christian, but when there's a life that's in you that's pushing out that's that a fragrance that's coming forth freely. That's what I want. That's why brother Bram said that that little lily is greater than Solomon in all of his kingly garments because it didn't matter how much how well you dress Solomon up. It's artificial. But brother Bram said that Amen. That lilyy's got a natural beauty. That's why I like a natural Christianity. I don't like taking the message and trying to put dove feathers in a blackbird and, you know, trying to shove it down somebody's throat and just try to force it on our young people and try to manufacture and make sure everything everything looks so polished on the outside. I believe Amen. And when God sent a message, he knew that it was a message to human beings. And he so he understands human weakness. He understands human problems. He understands our human struggles. Amen. But he wasn't worried about that. He just went ahead and planted this message. And when he planted it, he put a law in it. Amen. That anybody who will any seed of God who will lay in the light of this word, Amen. and and uh and and dwell in the atmosphere of his presence, &gt;&gt; Amen. will put forth an overcoming life. Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't believe in churches without purpose. I believe there's a reason. I believe there's a reason for Word of Life Church is here in Amen. in Johnson City, Tennessee. There's a reason we come to church today. There's a reason you're sitting where you're sitting. Brother Brand said that one time. He said he wanted you he wanted me in the pulpit, Brother Bam said, and he wanted you sitting exactly where you're sitting. &gt;&gt; That's the kind of purpose. Amen. And I all I want friends is in my little fragile liy human life I just want to serve his purpose &gt;&gt; because brother Bram says any seed that serves God's purpose you can't keep it in the ground when resurrection comes. &gt;&gt; You never keep it in the ground. You know uh just bring it bring it down in a few moments here. When you walk into a house, you see what this bride is. See, it ain't just the prophet that was a flower. It ain't just the flowering life of the preacher, the pastor. But you're a flower in God's bouquet. Some of you say, "Well, y well, brother Nathan, but I don't feel like I've fully I I just haven't fully reached the potential of everything that I could be. I'm just maybe a bud. I'm not fully opened up." Brother Brandham said there's a purpose for a bud in his bouquet, too. There's a good quote for that. Amen. But but you see we've been gathered here together not to be members of word of life. Amen. But to be part of his bouquet. Amen. Cuz when he puts this see gathered with you sometimes you say how come I didn't get to grow up in church like these young people. How come I had to go through all that mess in the world and be mistreated and all that kind of stuff. Well look friends a real seed brother said you can put it under a slab of concrete. It'll find a way out. Some of you came through every kind of all kind of you grew through all kind of barbed wire and mess and fil and came out of a such a but you came forward and God had a purpose in bringing you through that cuz it brought a different expression out of your life and he's got another one that he raised in church and maybe they never spent much time in the world and he'll put you next to that one and then he'll get another one over here. What's he doing? He's making a bouquet. Amen. Because it takes more than one life. It takes more than one uh more than one person. Amen. To manifest the glory of God. Amen. But that's why we're here, friends, is just to play our part. Say, "God, position me in the bouquet." Amen. Let me do what I'm supposed to do in the church. Let me express what I'm supposed to express. &gt;&gt; Amen. Who you are is not where you came from. Amen. But it's the it's the life that you rose out of. Amen. It's a Amen. It's the who you are. Amen. Is what is where God envisions you in his bouquet. And then he gets it all together. And what does it mean, friends? What does it mean to believe the message and have message churches and and gather together like we do? It's like if you came if you if you came to a house of a young married couple, you walk in that house and on the kitchen table there is a beautiful bouquet. Now, what does that tell you? That tells you, look, look, there's a love affair going on in this house. Now, you might not see the you might not see the the husband. He might be somewhere else working on a better place for them to live. But when you see that bouquet, Amen. It bears witness that there's a love affair happening. Amen. That there's a romance that's unfolding in this place. That's what it ought to be. When somebody walks through these doors, spends a little time around the bride of Christ. There should be such an atmosphere of love. People should be so in love with the Lord. There should be fragrance. There should be beauty. There should be an expression. Amen. Cuz that's what the bouquet is. It's an expression of the heart of God. If I take if I go buy my wife a bouquet, it's been a little while. I should do that. If I buy her a bouquet of flowers and I bring it to I surprise her, you know, come in the door. Here's here's some flowers, honey. You know what? She she never uh she never asked me, "Oh, what store did you buy those at?" &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Uh huh. Was there was the traffic bad getting home? And you know, uh who who who was working the counter? Who sold it to you? Were they on sale or what? You know, she don't think about any of that cuz her what what her mind is fixed on in those flowers. What she's seeing is the expression of my heart. And friends, this message ain't about what church we go to and who's got the best ministry and you know and and uh you who's saying this and who's doing that and what they're teaching over there. Amen. And what this one said and how that one's acting and how this one's a hypocrite and that one's causing trouble in the church. That ain't the focus. Amen. But God sent a message. Amen. To bring the bride and Christ together. Amen. It ought to be such a love affair that we'd be undistracted by everything else. Amen. Oh my. When you get discouraged about what's going on around this message, I want you to understand something that you look around, you say, "Brother Nathan, we got church troubles, ministry troubles, fellowship troubles." Amen. And all these kind of organizational problems around the message. But the message wasn't sent to an organization. It was sent to an individual. Amen. And when I received the message, amen, it was such a love letter to me. Amen. I can't worry about what everybody else is doing. I'm too caught up in the message of the heart of God. He loved me. He elected me. And he put me here to be manifested as a son. I'm his bride. I'm going in a rapture. I'm destined for a wedding supper. Amen. It's a love affair. Don't worry about the rest. Amen. Just make sure you as an individual receive this love message. Let that Holy Spirit whisper in your ear. Amen. You remember what they used to do little girls? I think I don't know how far this goes back. It might It's like a Victorian thing or something. Goes way way back. Some of you Some of you did it when you were little. Little girl take a flower. Remember? Just say, "He loves me. He loves me not. He loves me. He loves me not." Because then you got to get once you get the last petal picked off of there, you find out whether he really loves you, right? You know, there's a trick to that because the trick is what kind of flower you use. Cuz some of them got an odd number of petals and some of them got an even number of petals. So if you really you really you can rig it to find out he really loves you if you want to. Amen. Just make sure it's the right kind of flower and you start picking that off. Love me, love me, not love me. Oh, he loves me. Oh my. But friends, that that ain't the kind of Amen. But there's so many Christians, you know, who got that mentality about it. Oh yeah. Sunday morning, oh, he loves me. I'm in church. I'm happy. I'm worshiping the Lord. Monday, oh, I'm being tempted and tried and Amen. Oh, he loves me not. And oh, Wednesday, glory to God, we're back in church. He loves me. And Thursday, oh no, I I'm a little depressed today. He loves me not. Amen, friends. Amen. What you got to find out is what kind of a flower you are. Amen. When you realize you're a seed of God. Amen. He loves you today. He love you tomorrow. He loves you the day after that. Amen. Get rid of your love me, love me, not religion. And just say, "Lord, I'm a seed of God. I'm predestinated to adoption. I'm coming up into full blossom. And I thank you for the light of this message that can make me all that I can be." Glory to God. Let's stand and worship the Lord today. Oh, aren't you glad you're in his bouquet? Blessed be the name of the Lord. He loves me. Loves me. Loves me. Loves me. That's the way it is, you know. Amen. When it when I hear brother Donnie preach, Amen. I I I'm seeing something in the bouquet, it's telling me, "Oh yeah, he loves me." That's what all these gifts and ministries are put in the body. When brother Harry sings, oh, he loves me. Amen. When this one plays the Amen. When when the when the when the brothers play the instruments and you hear that beautiful music, oh, he loves me. And we look at these young people raising up in the fear that to carry this message on to the coming of the Lord. Oh, he loves me. Amen. He He the message is real. Amen. His intentions are true. He's going to put me in a rapture. He's going to make me what he wants me to be cuz he loves me and he put a law of life in me by a seed of predestination. &gt;&gt; I'll close on this quote. We just ask the brothers to sing and lead us in worship. Brother Bamman, I know my redeemer liveth. It talks about the resurrection life of Jesus. He said nothing can destroy it. &gt;&gt; It's been planted. It is the seed of God. It is a purpose of God to give us the blessed Holy Spirit. It's the purpose of God to show us signs and wonders and miracles. It's the purpose of God and nothing can destroy it. All powers of hell might wage against it, but it will prevail. We have God's eternal promise. There might be teachers. There might be isms rise, great programs and things that look like it would be destroyed, but it can never be destroyed. It is the purpose of God to see that it will prevail. Then I love what he said. Then look, see, if it's the purpose of God, he says, then it's not up to me. Thank God. And it's not up to you whether it will be destroyed or not. It's up to God. And we can rest assured on it that God will never let our heritage be destroyed for it's his purpose to give it to us. &gt;&gt; How many feel the presence of the sun today? &gt;&gt; Say, "Lord, I want to come up a little higher. I want to yield a little more to that law of life on the inside of me." We just have a word of prayer. Lord Jesus. Lord, we've gathered together today to look, Lord, for the power that we need, Lord, to take another step with you. Many of us need healing. Many of us need deliverance. Many of us need leadership, guidance, comfort. Oh, we're such a needy people, Lord. But I thank you, Jesus, that the power that we're looking for is not a million miles away. But you said when you planted that seed, Lord, in the good ground of these hearts, Lord, that you put within it, Lord, the potential and the power to become exactly what you wanted it to be. Lord, we're not so much trying real hard, Lord, to be Christians today. We're just trying to learn how to yield to the law of life that's already in us. I pray, Lord Jesus, that your Holy Spirit would come and the same quickening power, Lord, Lord, that that many of these lives before me, Lord, you you baptized them with the Holy Ghost maybe many years ago. Let that same quickening power move, Lord, on that seed life within them, Lord, and bring them into a fuller blossom. And if there been anybody here, Lord, who doesn't know you in life and reality, Lord, but they're just caught up in miserable religion, Lord, laying in a filthy place somewhere, let the quickening power, Lord, bring that seed to life. And from that time, Lord, let it never be the same. I commit this service into your hands, Lord. I pray, Lord, that hearts have been ministered to, Lord Jesus, use it for your glory, Lord. And we commit ourselves, this congregation, this church. Bless Lord, the pastor, the people. Bless this church in a special way. Continue to use them, Lord, as a bouquet of the expression of your heart, Lord, in the days ahead. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. [Applause] More than coner, overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. We've been made more than coner, [Music] overcomers in this life. Oh, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Oh, we've been made more than coners, [Music] overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, we've been made and coners overcomers in this life. Oh, we've been made victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. So let's sing it to him again this morning. Oh, we've been made more than coners, [Music] overcomeers in this life. Oh, we've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Oh, I'm going to make him. He's already said that I would. Oh, I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Oh, let's worship him this morning. Oh, yeah. I'm going to make it. [Music] He's already said that I would. Oh, I'll keep on trusting. He's working everything for my good. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Oh, let's sing it to her one more time this morning. Oh yes, I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. Oh, and I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me. Oh, and heaven is in my you. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Amen. Just enjoy the word of the Lord this morning. Certainly appreciate Brother Nathan. Amen. Coming and pouring his heart out before us this morning. Amen. Certainly appreciate the word. Appreciate the service this morning. Let's just sing this little course as you go this morning. Made for more. I think it's key of G. Is it G or F? G. I think it's key of G. Let's just sing this this morning. Amen. As you go. Oh, I wasn't made to be tended in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when the fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was made for more. Oh, I know who I am. [Music] cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation [Applause] was only the start. Now I am chosen, free and forgi. I have a future and it's worth living. [Music] I wasn't made to be tended a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. Oh, I know who I am cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation [Applause] was only the start. Now I am chosen, free and forgive. I have a future [Music] and it's worth living. I wasn't made to be tended and a grave. I was called by name, born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. [Music] So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. [Music] I wasn't made to be tended in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. I wasn't made to be [Music] [Music]
