################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-12 - Getting In The Spirit Pt.164 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-12
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt.164
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ULXwzv1b0s
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now. His face I'll see. Sing it now. Just any day now. [Music] He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day. [Music] out. His face I'll see each time I stop and take the time to look around. All that's right. Amen. I see the signs of his glory everywhere. The things he said would come. and rest are now before us. Thank you, Lord. And I feel strange in the air. Oh, just day. Now our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. [Music] Oh, Lord. I' been away. Just any day now. His face I'll see. Sing that chorus again. Just any day now our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me for Thank you, Lord. Amen. And I've been waiting just day now his face I'll see. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just any day now. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of God on Wednesday night? Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him here tonight. Praise the Lord. Good to see each and every one of you. If we have any visitors with us tonight, we want to take this opportunity to welcome you. Glad to have you with us. And all the folks would be streaming locally and around the world tonight. We want to say welcome. And we're glad to have those aboard. Can we give all those people a good hand tonight if you will? Praise the Lord. So good to be be in the house of God. Beautiful day today, wasn't it? Amen. and praise the Lord. It's another time God has let us enter into his sanctuary to worship and to praise his wonderful name. That's a privilege. That's not something we dread, but it is a privilege, right? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. God bless you. Tonight, we're going to look at our prayer request. Certainly want to pray for Brother Steve Newsome tonight. He's been going through a real rough patch here in the last few days. And we want to remember Brother Steve in prayer. Also want to remember brother Michael Carter in prayer. He's very sick at this time. Really needs a touch from the Lord. Brother Randy Willis and his family. They're under the weather tonight. Unable to be in the house of God. So we want to remember remember those folks tonight as well. Sister Bonnie Potter says to please pray for my son's boss and his family. They lost their son to cancer yesterday. So we want to remember those folks tonight as we pray that God will be mindful of them. Please continue to pray for Sister Ruth Louise Jax. She is asking for traveling mercy and for safety during her visit in the Charleston, South Carolina area. So, we want to remember her tonight as we pray. And we want to take this opportunity to wish Brother Brian Chapman from Guyana a very happy 26th birthday today. He is a faithful streamer and supporter of our church. He is grateful to be a child of God and how the ministry along with the power of the Lord has changed his life. His desire is to be led by the spirit and do that which is pleasing to our Lord. Give him a good hand tonight if you would. Amen. Praise the Lord. All the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's there's tremendous needs among us tonight, but we know we have a source to go to and God knows best. Do you believe that with all your heart? Let's stand to our feet tonight as we get ready to pray tonight. Let's just sing that course again if you will. Just any day now, there could be a great change in your life. You could leave from this mortal to immortality. Brother Rob, we're looking forward to it, aren't we? Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. Just any day now, our Lord is coming. Brother Rob, if you would, he'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been [Music] waiting. Just any day now. His face I'll see. Amen. We love this guy right here, don't [Applause] we? Let's pray. Let's pray. Dear Lord, thanksgiving always, always we are so taught to come to you with thanksgiving in our hearts. No matter what the situation may be, how serious it might be or how how how small it might be always to come before you with thanksgiving and our hearts prepared Lord for to hear your word. I thank God for the ministry. I thank God for the the stand making in the day. And I thank you Lord for the relationship that you've caused and and have us to know you in a clear and deeper way. I pray you bring more of yourself to us. I pray you bring more of yourself into these prayer requests and I thank you to manifest yourself where you would have yourself to be Lord in our lives at the right time and season. And I pray bring forth light and truth in Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. Thank you, brother. God bless you. Amen. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, we receive the evening offering. You give us unto the Lord. Once again, if if you're visiting with us here tonight, God bless you. So glad to have you. Let's sing a song tonight. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me, I want to I want to be able to stand there and receive a good report. Don't you? Amen. Let's sing about it if you will. I have stood for the gospel when it seemed I stood alone through the heartache and frustration. Kept my focus on the throne. Amen. So many times I have recalled the Savior's word so true. Thank you, Lord. If you won't be ashamed of me, I won't be with you. So I proudly stand till I see the face of the one who gave. Praise the Lord. Everything for me. Oh, and the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Every battle that we fought will fade from memory. I'll bow before his mighty throne glory and fall down on my knees. along with the reason that I [Applause] standed stands in front of me. The road is not beneath. At times I've lost my way. Oh yes we have. So often I've stumbled. Yes we have. Searching for the light again. Oh yes. Circumstances all around me. I thought I'd surely fall. Oh yes. When the whispering of doubt and fear told me you will lose it all mighty care. Oh, he kept me with his. Oh, he's kept us. Aren't you glad about it? Oh, someday soon. Thank you, Father. hands to thank him face to face. Oh, when the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me, every battle that I fought, it'll be made from memory. I'll bow before his mighty throne and fall down on my knees. All with a reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. We will join the millions. Every kind of tongue and race and every child of God that will one look upon his face. Thank you, Lord. The heroes and the martyrs who died on the pagan soul. Glory. We all stand together and declare Jesus is Lord. Oh, and the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Every battle that I fought will fade [Music] from bow before his mighty throne and fall down on my knees. Thank you Lord with the reason I stand in front of me. [Music] We'll bow before his mighty throne. Thank you, Lord. Down on our knees. With the reason that I'm standing, stands in front of me. Stands in front of me. [Music] Hallelujah. Anybody here know about the love of Jesus? Anybody here know about the love of Jesus? Singers, if you'll come on the platform, you're singing tonight. Have a couple of sisters going to be giving us a song if they'll come on to the platform. Anybody here know about the love of Jesus? Anybody here know about the power of Jesus? Anybody here know about the grace of Jesus? Give him one more good hand clap of praise tonight. Anybody know about the love of Jesus? I do. Glory. I do. Oh, anybody know about the love of Jesus? Yes, I do. Yes, I do. When I was searching, he sought me out. He gave me answers. Took away my doubt. Your arms. When I was struggling to find my way, I heard the sweet. Yes, we did. Sing to me from Yes, we did. Song of love and Oh, anybody know about the grace of Jesus? Jesus. Lord, I do. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. Anybody know about the grace of Jesus? Lord, I do. Yes, I do. He came and broke the chains of sin and death and hell. Yes, he did. Said that I could use his name to defend myself. His power is my constant source of help. Oh, now youbody know about the power of Jesus. Lord, we all do. Yes, I do. Yes, we do. Yes, I do. Anybody know about the power of Jesus? Lord, I do. Yes, I do. Thank you, Lord, that we do. Amen. God bless you. Give him a good hand clap tonight if you love him with all your heart. Praise the Lord. Give our singers a good hand tonight as you're seated. God bless you. [Music] The fact is you're caught in a battle and you feel that You're losing the war. And the fact is it's raon for so long that your steps have grown weary and soul. But that's just the facts of the matter. Cuz the truth has not left you behind. When the facts have you bound up in sorrow, the truth sets you free. One more time. And the truth is you're not forsaken. And the truth is you won't be denied. The facts may be stacked up against you right now. But the truth is God's on your side. Now in fact there have been times you have questioned should you throw up your hands just give in? And in fact, you said there's just no reason to keep fighting when you'll never win. Oh, but that's not the end of the story. Cuz the truth says you shall overcome. When the fact says you're almost defeated, the truth is you already won. And the truth is you're not [Applause] forsaken. And the truth is you won't be denied. The facts may be stacked up against you right now. And the truth is God's on your side. And the truth is you're not forsaken. And the truth is you won't be denied. The facts may be stacked up against you right now, but the truth is God's on your side. [Music] [Applause] [Music] the Blood of Jesus speaks for me. Be still my soul. Redeeming love out of the dust of Calary is rising to the throne above. There is no vengeance. Sin is cry while it is finished fills the sky. Forgiveness is the final plea. The blood of Jesus speaks for me. My heart can barely take it in. He pardons all my guilty stains. Surrender all my shame to him. He breaks the curse of every chain. My sin is great but greater still. The boundless grace his heart reveals a mercy deeper than the sea. The blood of Jesus speaks for me. [Music] When my accuser makes the claim that I should die for my offense, I point him to that rugged frame where I found life at Christ expense. See from his hands, his feet aside, the fountain flowing deep and wide. Oh, hear it. Shout the victory. The blood of Jesus speaks for me. Worthy is the lamb. Lamb for sinners slain. Jesus, Lord of all. Glory to his name. Heaven crying out. Let the earth proclaim power in the blood. Glory to his name. Heaven crying out. Let the earth proclaim power in the blood. Glory to his name. Oh, let my soul arise and sing. My confidence is not in vain. The one who fights for me is king. His oath, his covenant and remain. No condemnation. Now I dread. Eternal hope is mine instead. His word will stand. I stand redeemed. The blood of Jesus speaks for me. Amazing love. How can it be? The blood of Jesus speaks for [Music] me. Enjoy those songs tonight. Praise the Lord. Let's stand if you will just as pastor gets ready to come bring us the word of the Lord tonight. We certainly want to pray for our pastor. God will just use him and give him strength in his body. Certainly appreciate him, Sister Carol, being able to be back in the house of God with us tonight. Amen. Our God reigns. How many of you say amen to that? Our God reigns. Our God [Music] reigns. Yes. Our God reigns. Oh, our God reigns. Oh, our God reigns. Yes, our God reigns. He reigns. Yes, our God reigns. Our God. Oh, our God reign. Our God reigns. Oh our God reigns. Sing it to him. Yes. Our God reigns. Oh our God reign. Our God [Music] praise and soon we will too. Keep it going. Soon we will too. Oh yes, soon we will do. Oh, our God praise. Everybody know our God. Our God, our God. Our God, our God. [Music] Yes, he praise. Yes, he praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Well, I believe we're already reigning right now. That's right. Kings and priests, we have a dominion. Thank the Lord. How is everybody? fighting the devil. Yeah. Are you winning? Well, think ain't there as many if you winning as fighting. What in the world's going on here? The thing of it is you have to keep your head above the water and keep fighting him. and knowing that every day that you live in this life and overcome, you're one day closer to the rapture, one day closer to that resurrection and what we're all longing for. I want to apologize to you that I wasn't able to be here Sunday. I got up and I wasn't feeling good, but I was going to come anyhow and sent my scriptures and quotes and stuff and my throat. It's probably a good thing I didn't come because I sounded like Jeremiah the bullfrog. I couldn't hardly talk. The longer I was up, the worse I felt. And Carol said, "You've got to call somebody. You need to call somebody." I said, "It's too late. It's too late." So, she finally called Sister Jennifer Hara and told her the situation. Said, "Don't want to know where Brother Joe take the service." She said, "He'll be glad to take it." I'm not sure if they've even spoke yet over that. Amen. But I so appreciate brother Joe taking the service and I already done an awesome job. So appreciate it. So I spent several days in bed. Sick as a horse. So I feel like just wearing that devil's hideout tonight. Amen. It's like, you know, whenever God blesses us really good and does some wonderful things for us, it's almost like it gives the devil just a little bit of a chance there to kind of mess your hair up. Now, I'm one of them type of guys. I don't like my hair messed up. Now, I know some of you folks used to think I wore a rug. This is all mine. Yeah. Okay. I love my little granddaughters, all six of them. But that's one thing Poppy didn't like. Them take them fingers and put it in my hair. I go over and see a doctor over at Tri City's cancer place over there. I had one removed off my nose several years ago and he doesn't have any hair. So he'd love, you know, he would love to get his fingers and every time he'd come at me, he'd start smiling. He said, "I love to do this to your hair." So that's where the devil likes to do us sometimes. And what's amazing is the Lord will let him do it every now and then just to see what we'll do. Amen. So you know what we do, don't you? That's right. Just punch him back. So he punched me Sunday. Guess what? It's our turn tonight. Amen. Amen. So, praise the Lord. We're so so happy to to be together here tonight. And um we're going to we're going to read some scriptures here. But before we do, I've got um quite a a pile of prayer calls and we're going to pray over them before we before we read the word. I'm sure that probably uh most of you have heard about um brother Michael Carter um had a really last few days really rough time and as far as the doctor's report it's not a very good one. So they give him from a few hours maybe to a few days as far as to live. He's got a brain bleed. Um just a lot going on in his life. So I talked to him today from the hospital on the phone and he wanted me to bring the request before you all as his church family that you'd be mindful of him and that you'd pray. And I told him absolutely we will. Will we not? Yes we will. And he wanted a prayer call. Also, brother Jeremy Asher has a family member with cancer and another family member with cancer. Sister Baker wanted a prayer cloth and also brother Baker wanted a prayer cloth. How many of you have needs and requests on your heart tonight? Oh, I'm so glad that we have a loving father to go to with all these needs in our lives. Brother Daryl and I was talking about it back in the office before I came out that there's so much sickness and so much things going on anymore. Me and Carol talk about it all the time that basically you just change the name of a diagnosis and the name of the individual because you get this and prayed through and then this comes up and that one and that one and it seems like that it's ongoing. But I was by myself today praying, talking to the Lord and the scriptures came back to me before the Exodus and how that the Bible says that God heard the cries of his people. I personally don't think that all these things happen to us by accident. Do you? No. I wonder if the Lord don't allow things sometimes to be turned up on us to get us more desperate than what we are. Yes. Amen. Let's pray together. Hold your request, your need there in your heart before the Lord. Heavenly Father, it's such an honor for us to be gathered together again here tonight. Lord, we so missed being here on Sunday and being in your presence and being with the saints of God. I believe Lord that some of these people standing right here in this place tonight, we will spend eternity together. We love one another. We feel for each other when we're going through hard times. Lord, if it was left up to me, uh I would probably take most of their troubles away and most of their sickness away. And that's because I don't understand like you understand. I look at it many times from human compassion and human sympathy. I see the tears as they trickle down their eyes and I see the heaviness in their hearts. And it it weighs on me. I'm their shepherd. How can it not? And I can't look like you can look. I can't see what you can see. So I pray Lord when we get to that spot that you'd help us to have a little bit more in insight to know that you're still in control. Father, we just pray all these prayer calls tonight, Lord Jesus. Dear God, people that had confidence and our prayers with the saints of God here, Lord, we pray that you'd move for each one of them. We pray for brother Michael Carter today. So I talked to him on the phone and he said, "Brother Donnie, if the people of the church will get what you're preaching," he said, "It'll get us ready to go meet the Lord." I said, "I sure hope so, brother Michael. That's my desire." He said, "That's what I want more than anything else in this world." Father, you see where he's at. Dear God, be mindful of our brother tonight. We pray in the name of Jesus. Brother and Sister Baker, Lord, help them. You see what they're going through. Father, bring healing to their bodies. Lord, Brother Jeremy's got two requests. Your father and you know these these family members that's dealing with cancer. I understand brother Jeremy and two of his daughters are are sick and not feeling well. May the presence of God move for him. I know there's others here that's fighting flu and COVID and different things. God, would you move forward? I thank you tonight, Lord, that I'm able to stand here tomorrow or yesterday rather. I started feeling somewhat better, but Carol said, "You're absolutely a miracle compared to what you were, and I'm grateful, Lord. I thank you for helping me." You see, I was talking got a little bit of a cough. And I pray that you'd help me tonight, Lord, that it wouldn't hinder me in the service. Lord, we've come here hungry, Jesus. We're needy. We need strength for our journey. And Lord God, we believe this is a place where we can get it. Help us tonight. We ask in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's turn to uh Genesis if you would with me. Genesis chapter 1 verse 11. I love this. Excuse me. I love this. in in Genesis, of course, Brother Brandham called it the seed chapter of the Bible, and the great head planter certainly knew the kind of seeds to plant. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind. whose seed is in itself upon the earth. And it was so. And the earth brought forth grass, an herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit whose seed was in itself after his kind. And God saw that it was good. And the evening and the morning were the third day. May the Lord bless his words. You may be seated. Now let us read in the Song of Solomon chapter 4 verse 16. Awake, O north wind, and come thou south. Blow upon my garden that the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden and eat his pleasant fruits. But how is it possible that the beloved would ever be able to get anything out of ground that was almost uninhabitable? How could the beloved ever sew his righteous seed into hearts that were filled with whoredom? How could the holy righteous God ever sow his sacred holy seed in contaminated ground which without question had been so defiled and so rotten and so corrupt. But yet we see from this in in the Song of Solomon that something had happened to this young woman, the Schulamite as we know her. And God in the type is showing that down through church ages he would have a people. He longed for them in the Old Testament, but the law could never produce it. In Jeremiah, he says, "Where is the writing of your mother's divorcement?" He put them away. Hosea, he told him to marry a prostitute. I mean, it was a terrible thing. Terrible thing for a man to have to do. And yet, he was acting out God's own drama of his own life. So he goes and and takes a woman and she becomes his. He straightens her out for a bit. She seems to be doing well for a while. Then what does she do? Goes right back to that same lifestyle. He heard that they was having slaves for sale. and he goes to the market and he finds her and she's up on the market for sale and he bet off until he paid the highest price. No doubt in her mind wondering what will he do? He had the right to kill her. She was his property. He could sell her into slavery, take her to the Neabotans, take her to wherever he wanted, but instead he redeemed her. Now, God had the prophet to do this to show as with Israel. We go to Ezekiel 16 and he says that about Israel. You was in your blood when I found you and you were like a baby when I brought you out of the land of Egypt. You were still in the afterbirth in our language. And no one had salted you, which is that time what they would do to a newborn. They'd wash it and then they'd sprinkle salt on it and then wash it off again. And he said, 'I I I I passed by you and I found you in your blood. So the afterbirths are still all over Israel. And he said, 'I took you into my house. I gave you honey. I gave you milk. I fed you. I put shoes on your feet. And he talks about all the things that he done. I gave you my oil and my wine. And he tells them all the blessings that he gave to them. And then what did you do when you grew up in what the Bible calls at the time of love? At the time of love, you opened yourself up to every man. So instead of the men hiring a prostitute, Israel hired men. And God said, "This is the way you treat me. This is the way you treat me as your husband. I clothed you with embroidery. I gave you shoes which was sign of wealthy people. And remember they were poppers when they come out of the land of Egypt. And yet God went through this over and over, generation after generation dealing with the people of Israel. but knowing there would come a time when he would be able to reclaim the ground of humanity and so change their nature that he could plant his seed in the New Testament in a way that the Old Testament could never be done. Now, if you're sitting here tonight and you're really born again by the spirit of God, you've got the seal of the living God on your soul and you read about Jeremiah and Ezekiel and Naam and Habacook and Zephaniah and Zachchariah and all the prophets of the Old Testament thing how great they were and they were. And you read about John the Baptist and he was a great man. Yet Jesus said, "The least in the kingdom of God is greater than John." Why? The blood had not been shed. John had not been born again even though he had the Holy Ghost from his mother's womb, but not like you've got it. So, you're sitting here tonight, young people, old people, middle-aged people, and you are actually living out what the Father has desired for thousands of years, that his seed would finally be able to be sown into gardens on the earth that still have the potential to become weedy, to become an onslaught of hell. hail storms of life can hit them. It's not like that. He takes the ground itself and glorifies the ground. But he leaves the ground human. He leaves the ground temperamental. He leaves the ground influenced by sadness and and sickness and unhappiness and depression sometimes and all kinds of things that the ground still deals with. Anybody still deal with that sort of thing in life? But the miracle, the miracle is that he sews his seed down in the bequeafd part of the human nature and makes that his own and puts his sign of ownership, which is his seal of the Holy Ghost, on that soul. And after that soul has been redeemed, both he and the devil in the battleground of our mind war every day and they fire their ammunition back and forth, back and forth. What is it? Thoughts. Any of y'all had them today? Thoughts of good and thoughts that ain't so good. Thoughts from the Lord and thoughts that you know where they're from? They're from the devil. Why? Where in the world could you mean children of God go through that? Absolutely. If anybody's going to deal with it, children of God are. You imagine that it must have been quite a victory for this young woman to be able to come to this place to where she could finally change ownership that it was no longer her garden. It was no longer her plants, but it was actually his garden and his plants. The ownership had now been transferred to where she was able to recognize all I am is a parcel of ground. I'm a recipient of God's divine nature and mercy. Now I mentioned to you the other night and I'll say it to you again in in chapter 5 verse one. I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse. Now think of what a double relationship that is here expressed from the very heart of the bridegroom to the bride. I have come into. Now I want you to notice different from the Old Testament. I've not come around the spirit of God came around the children of Israel. But in here in the New Testament, he comes into his garden to take up his permanent abode. I came into my garden, my sister, my spouse. Now my sister is of the same divine nature. Spouse is by choice. Sister is by same parentthood. You see, this could not be said of the Old Testament church, and I know you remember reading it in the Gospels that Jesus called in in St. John 14, he he called his disciples friends, and he led up even with chapter 11 and 12 and 13 as he's walking with them in chapter 14 through 17 going in the garden of Gethsemane. And he unveils things that he had kept secret for all these thousands of years. And he said, "I'll call you friends. You're not just servants because a servant does not know what he m his master does, but I'm calling you friends. I'm giving you an intimate place with me." But after the resurrection, he says, "Go tell my brothers that I have risen from the dead." So what now has happened? Something has brought about a change that it moves from friends. I want to be more than just an acquaintance of Jesus. I don't know about you, I want to be more. Being a friend is awesome. Amen. But how many friends have you invited to your house? How many of your friends invite you to their house? Now, some close friends you will, but do you invite all of your friends? Do you invite every person that you know? No, we don't. I want to be more than a casual acquaintance of the Lord Jesus. I want to be kin to him. Now, I mentioned the other night and I saw some of the sisters here kind of snickered a little bit whenever I said it, but I'm going to say it again. No daughter of God should ever marry a man that is not her brother. No son of God should ever marry a woman that is not his sister. Amen. The Bible tells us not to be unequally yolked. The prophet tells us under no circumstance should a believer ever marry an unbeliever. Ahab did this wicked thing in the eyes of the Lord. So you see sisters, this is why it's worth the wait until you find a son of God, which is actually your brother first. You don't have to go out there and find you a Baptist boy or a Pentecostal boy and say the same thing about the young man. You don't need to go out there and find you some denominational prostitute. I'm going to try to lead her to the Lord. Well, good luck. You're going to do it without a promise from God. As a matter of fact, you have everything in the word against you ever happening. Oh, I've seen it happen, too. And people will take that and use that for their example instead of using the word as your example. The word should always be what you do your your guiding of your life by. But they get desperate and they run ahead of God and they well I I I'm desperate. I I've got to find somebody. You'd be better off if you wait till you're 45 years old and get your real brother and let that brother become the real spouse of your life than you would be settled for somebody that's not kin to your father. Because if they ain't, I'll tell you what they do. They'll make it hell on earth for you. And the word of life church said, now whenever we look today at where we are, this is one great difference of course between the bride and the church. And the church claims that they are the wife of God. But we know by the children that they're giving birth to that they cannot be having relation with God the word because the offspring she's giving birth to hate the word and they love denomination. As I mentioned to the youth the other night in the youth service, and I checked it that Thursday before we had the youth service, that there are now over 45,000 denominations around the world. There were 900 and something when brother Brandham was here. So look how it has exploded with denominational camps. Well, praise the Lord. So, and then people think we don't need a prophet. Well, if we ever needed one, we needed one in this age. Now, think then, so the ground is polluted everywhere you go. And all them denominations are of course every one of them believing they have the right. If they don't, why would they start a new one? If they all believe the same thing, they're all going then just, you know, believe whatever you want to believe. But they have divided and split and separated. And to be honest, we can't say too much about them because the message is becoming just about as bad. We're split and divided. is going to come to a spot. Boy, I'll tell you one thing. I don't know if we're going to have much fellowship with anybody left. I hope we never get to that place. I'll tell you that right now. When we get to a place that we think we're the only ones, right? We ever one need to come up at this altar and ask God to get that thing off of us. Well, praise the Lord. Now, see that the only way that we could ever all of us be of the same nature because humanly we'll never agree on everything. We'll never agree on every ideology that we will have and there will be opinions that we will have. Well, I don't see it that way and I don't see it that way. And if we're waiting for everybody to come to that spot, we'll never have nobody. We'll never have no fellowship with any other church. We'll never have any visiting preachers to preach here and they won't have me to preach for them. Remember, it works both ways. But realize that if we are born of the spirit of God and we love this Lord Jesus with all of our heart and we accept the message of the hour and we look at what God is doing, then our family, my goodness, we we've lost enough the way it is by passing over and by those that have left out from among us. I think we need to realize how precious we ought to be to one another. Come on, somebody. Now, watch. He says, "I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse. I have gathered my with my spice. I have eaten my honeycomb with my honey. I have drunk my wine with my milk. Eat, oh friends, drink, yay, drink abundantly, oh beloved." Now actually this setting right here of chapter 5 is after he has went into his garden. Now what has taken place is that the friend of the bridegroom which made all the arrangements which in the New Testament was John the Baptist. Now remember the first man in the New Testament to mention the word bride. Anybody know what it was? Not Galia, not Simon Peter. It was not Capifas. It was not even Jesus. It was a man anointed with a spirit of Elijah, John the Baptist. So a man with the spirit of Elijah on him started talking about the bride. Amen. Before the groom ever hit the earth. Now John said, "Did not I tell you?" Now he was sent remember to forerun and the bridegroom the spirit of God coming down but remember the bridegroom was not just the body the humanity of Jesus you're not just married to humanity you're married to deity which is God you're married to God and God's a picky husband I'm telling you so whenever Jesus was here on the earth in Luke 252 too. The Bible says this about Jesus. So Jesus grew in wisdom and in stature before God and man. Now I realize we have a lot of know-it-alls in the earth today. But if Jesus didn't know it all, I dare say ain't none of the rest of us do. So if Jesus grew in wisdom and knowledge before God and man, I figure you and I can at least learn a little bit. Can anybody say amen to that tonight? So notice then that you are not just married to the humanity of the Lord Jesus. Remember the prophet tells us and it it absolutely chokes message people to death that even the body of Jesus could not rejoice before God because he said no flesh can glorify before God's presence. And remember it was not just that he become a curse on the tree. He become the serpent on the pole. That's why you cannot go that low. No one could stoop as low as he did because he came from such a high place and to condescend to such a place. No one could do that. None of us could do that but him. And we're not just married to his humanity, but we are married to deity. We must be of the same divine nature to be married to God. Is that right? So John the Baptist then he form him. He was Isaiah 40:3. He was also Malachi 3:1. He was also Malachi 4 verse half of verse 5. So he come to the earth and he forerun about six months of the Lord Jesus and he was there as a predicate to be able to announce that something is coming something is coming something is coming get ready get ready very odd very peculiar message and he's trying to warn the people and getting ready he's preparing the way before the Lord remember they didn't have interstate highways so whenever a king or a noble would come through and he would want to come through in his chariot or his buyer the iR which they would carry them on. They would have to send men before them and cut out the pass so they'd have hatchets and axes and this and that and the other and widen it up enough to make it through there. John the Baptist identified himself as that man. So John was sent to be able to get the bride the notification of the messenger of Malachi 3 to get the bride to that spot. Remember in the Old Testament when the vow was made, so the friend of the bridegroom, he could be either the father, he could be a lawyer, he could be a friend, he could be an uncle, but the bridegroom never went directly to the bride and made the wedding plans or even the engagement. And this is, you know, what really gets me about a lot of the message kids that they go to that rebellious stage in their life and they meet a boy, boy meets girl, and they said, "Mom and daddy don't like it. I don't care if they do or not. We'll get engaged that way. They'll they'll have to let us do it. Where in the world did you hear that trash at? Come on. I said, "Where'd you hear that trash?" Brother Bram never taught us no such nonsense. He taught us to go back to the Old Testament and look to them laws. Well, come on, somebody. Do you realize when I left the tents of Abraham and the Bible goes on in time and says that his mother found him his wife, He couldn't even go pick his own wife. It was not. Oh my. It was not It was not done that way. It's Satan that's trying to mess up many of the lives of our young people. Well, I promised I got to do it now. Oh, no. That's not the way it was made. Joseph, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost. How was she his wife? because they sneaked around behind the building and kissed a little bit and said, "Will you marry me?" "Yeah, I'll marry you." "Okay, now let's go tell mom and daddy." Now, they got to let us do it. Nobody can stop us. That ain't the way it worked. And when the prophet said that the vows is what marries you, he had in mind the legal vows that come from the Old Testament through the New Oanian matchup. Well, praise the Lord. And if you listen to Marriage of the Lamb in 1962 in Phoenix, you'll hear him going through some of those things. And that's exactly what the church has done. You see, the church wants to link up with Jesus. Well, I'm I'm engaged to Jesus. I've got eternal security. Jesus can't put me away. I accepted him as my savior. I went down to the altar. Yes, sir. He kissed me. Kiss the son lest he be angry. He kissed me by his grace. He can never put me away in divorcement. I I belong to him. I got eternal security. I can drink. I can run around. I can lie. I can cheat and steal. I can do all the stuff I want to do. That's not the wedding vow. Oh, come on, somebody. But what does he do to you? He puts forth the requirements and you look at it and he looks at it. Now think when John the Baptist come to the earth and he forun this coming word. So then he announces now the there was some people there following John and and everybody started going to Jesus after John had done all this labor and stuff and some of John's disciples we'll call them message people and and some of the message people come to John and said master everybody's going to Jesus. I mean some of these message people had a real issue with it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, I tell you one thing. I I've got an issue with you tonight. If you don't want to get to Jesus. Oh, thank God for the messenger. Thank God for preachers. But preachers, if they're preaching us the truth, they're pointing us to Jesus. Not to have a relationship with them and not to know them and bring forth their children, but to bring forth Christ seed. I don't want you to bring forth a bunch of Reaganites in this church. I don't want you to bring forth a bunch of wardites or a bunch of brown ice or or a bunch of the rest of these preacherites. What we want to give birth here is little seed jeans of God. Amen. Come on, somebody. We preached that we brought forth enough colemanites. We brought forth enough Spencerites and Puitites and Reaganites and Wardites. We've got enough to We gotites and mites everywhere. It ain't no wonder that we ain't got enough power to blow the fuzz off of a peach. And we ain't got enough power to be able to cast out devils and heal the sick because we're still denominational. And if we don't get that old thing out of us, we're going to wind up being in the sight of God. God's going to marry a people that's going to have a virgin womb. And they will receive no man's seed. I don't care how long he's been preaching, how long he could stand up and call everybody out by name. Cast out devils till the cows come home. If he's packing hybrid seed, close your womb to him. Hallelujah. Woo! My John heard this, no doubt, brother Daryl, he must have felt an element of disappointment. He said, "Did not I tell you? Did not I tell you?" He said, "Look, listen, listen, friends." He said, "The friend of the bridegroom rejoices when he hears the bridegroom's voice." In other words, don't you understand? My mission has been complete. I have introduced the bride to the groom, and now I have been able to establish a relationship between the bride and the groom where they can speak back and forth to one another. Amen. They can speak back and forth to one another. And by me hearing the bridegroom's voice and I'm standing here with the bride and the bridegroom is speaking directly to the bride, my joy is complete. I rejoice because the bridegroom is speaking to the bride. Now you remember the parable in Matthew chapter 25 verse1. The kingdom of heaven shall be likened unto 10 virgins. Five were wise and five were foolish. Now, while the bridegroom tear, they all slumber and slept. About midnight, there went out a great cry. Go forth to meet the bridegroom. All those virgins arose and trimmed their lamps. Then, oh my, the foolish realized, "Our lamps have gone out." Oh, we ain't got no oil. Our lamps have gone out. Then said they unto the wise, "Give us of your oil, for our lamps have gone out." And the wise said unto the foolish, not so, lest there not be enough for ourselves and you also. But go to them that sell and buy for yourselves. And while they were gone, then a cry went forth. The bridegroom cometh, and they went out to meet them. And then the foolish virgins missed that coming. Now actually Jesus is giving the setting of where a wedding would have taken place. Very unusual uh compared to our western custom. So what would happen was that the bridegroom wouldn't actually tell the bride what day she's going to get married on. Now you sisters get nervous preparing a wedding. Now can you imagine how that would have been sis? And your wedding day, brother Malachi just holds off and he holds off and he holds off and he don't even tell you until the day off. Now what he does though before the day he will send the bride the wedding garment. The bride never went down to the bride store and picked it out for sale. But the bridegroom actually picked out the wedding garment. So, you know, this one thing that shows me that the churches are not going to get married to the Lord Jesus because her dress is too tight or it's too short or it's too low here and ain't got no back in it. I mean, my Lord, you go to some of these message wins and them women stand up there and you think, "Dear God, am I at a strip tea show or what in the world is this?" Well, I can tell you the Lord Jesus didn't send you that dress, sis. So, the bridegroom would go get the bride's dress. And guess who delivered it to the bride? Now, you take it however you want to because some folks don't feel like the message is that important. And we really don't need the friend of the bridegroom. If we don't hear the friend of the bridegroom's voice and know the preparation, you're going to stand naked before the bridegroom because the bridegroom, oh hallelujah, the friend of the bridegroom is the one who has the cross. No wonder God's prophet said, "Brother Steve, oh God, may I be able to take the cross of your word and dress your bride." He said, "God, if I can get her to stand still long enough, oh my." So, one day the bridegroom gets up and he tells beckons to say, "Hey, today's the day." Today? Yeah. Today's the day. Okay. So, so does she know it? No, she don't know it yet. I've already gave her the garment. I've gave her my word. Now, the five wise virgins, they didn't know either. The foolish virgin, they didn't know either. All they knew was it was the season. So, it was the last days and they knew that it was getting close, but they just didn't know. Will it be Monday? Could it be Tuesday? Well, it could be. Could it be Wednesday? Probably not. He wouldn't want you to miss church. So, more than likely it probably wouldn't be Wednesday. Of course, on second thought, church night might be a good night to get married or it could be Thursday. And then, of course, you could wait till Sunday because Sunday is another big church day. So, you really didn't know, sisters. So, you just wait, wait. Well, what would they do, brother Donnie? They would go right ahead. If there's planting gardens, they do it. You know, there's working around the house. Let's keep it busy. There's occupying. And they was waiting for who? who the friend of the bridegroom to come and tell them. So now let's say the bridegroom told the friend of the bridegroom on Monday morning at 9:00, today's the day. Oh, you imagine what he was, oh, oh my, praise God. So you know what he would do? He would go to the bride's father's house, which is where she still was at. And he would go there, knock on the door, and I mean, she knew by that look on his face, the shout had come. Amen. She knew today was the day of expectation. And he tells her, "Get ready. Get ready. Today's the day." Oh, today's the day, y'all. Oh my lord. Oh my lord. Now, sisters, can you imagine one day notice? But it shows you how little in reality she had to do. It shows you how little he had to do almost all of it. He made the preparation. He got the wine. He got the food. He got the stimulation of revelation. He got the seals. He got the church agent. He got fellowship by redemption. He got the token. Oh, hallelujah to God. He got the kinsman redeemer. He was the one that did all of the work. And she just had to occupy and be faithful and put her dress on at the right day. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Put her dress on at the right day. And you imagine whenever it goes out said, "What time? What time will it be?" He said, "He didn't give me the hour." the hour of the day. I I I I don't I don't know. Now, Brother Brandham, well, will will the Lord come before you get done with these seals this week, brother, sister? I I don't know. Could be five years from now. Could be a thousand years from now. I don't know. But let's be ready, brother. Is it too late to have jail services? Brother Brenam, is it too late to get married now? Brother Sister, what what have I said that would make you think that? No, no. Just keep planting your ters. Oh, glory to God. Amen. So here he would come back and he would tell the bridegroom, you deliver the message. Yes. Yes. So it was the shout, the voice, and the trumpet. So now, what part did you deliver? I delivered the shout, sir. The message. I told her, but you didn't tell her the time. No, sir. I did not tell the time. So, did you see virgins along the way? Yes, I I saw I saw I saw the virgins there and they had their oil everything ready. Yep. Yep. Okay, sir. Now, you now you just tell me when you're ready. You You tell me. I I'll let you know. Okay. It's 9:00. He made it back by 11:15. We'll say, "Man, there he is. He Oh, he is so antsy. He's just Man, this guy is torn." You see, you don't understand why this guy is so torn up. If this woman is not a virgin when the bridegroom takes her, the friend is responsible. Oh, no wonder Paul said, "I have espoused you to Christ as a chase virgin, but I fear. Lest as the serpent begal Eve through his subtility, your mind should all be also be corrupted from the simplicity which is in Christ. You mean they were espoused? Aspousal ain't enough. He said, "I have espoused you, but that I may present you." Hallelujah. I don't want to shake you too bad, but I don't want to just be bride. I want to be wife. Revelation 19. Come and rejoice and let us be glad and make Mary for the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife has made herself not wife or bride but just made herself ready. Amen. So all the banquet sisters, it was took care of. All the flowers took care of. All the guests took care of. All you had to do was put on your message clothes. Just put on the cross of the word and just sat around like a little dy all day long. Well, glory to God. I feel like shouting a little bit, man. Alive. I'm fixing to move into my new home. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I've been faithful to the Lord every day of my life. Now I'm going. Yes. I'm going to be his wife. Oh, ain't it a good time serving Jesus? Yes, it's a good time serving the Lord. They said, "What in the world's the matter with her? Her bridegroom's on his way. Her bridegroom's on his way. And she don't know when and she don't know how. But all she knows she's getting out of here now because the grace of God has given her the garment. Oh, but maybe I will, maybe I won't. If you've got the garment, you will. Oh, whether you've shouted or not or jumped or not, or run or not, if you've got the wedding garment and the bridegroom has sent it by the hand of the messenger, there's no leaving you out. Of course, we know from Genesis 1, the evening and the morning were the first day. The evening and the morning were the second day. You see, the Hebrews don't begin their days like we do. The new day starts with the sunset, not at the rising with the sun. The way we start ours, but the evening and the morning are the first day. So let's say he done had it calculated how much time that the procession from from the dimension that he lived. And it might take just a a little bit of time to gather up millions of the elected. Oh Lord, and to release their theophes out from under the throne of God and let them take up bodies on the earth. Hallelujah. So maybe the day goes on, the sixth hour, the ninth hour, and then he tells the messenger, "It's time." So everybody gets together on this side. This is the bridegroom's side of the family. And here they start. So they get all their instruments when the church of Christ amongst them. I mean they all believed in music. So they got their instruments and their tambourines and man here they went. They started coming down through there and the bridegroom had on his bridegroom garments and he man you talking about something. He wasn't dressed like no high priest because he wasn't offering no blood. He wasn't coming down there KFS all. He was coming forth as a bright shouting word. And here he would come right by his side. Not Gabriel, not Michael, but who? The friend of the bridegroom. the seventh star. And he said, "And here they come with some [Music] music." Boy, here there was a dancing. Praise God. Hallelujah. Where y'all going? You going to a funeral? We're going to a wedding, man. It ain't burial time. It ain't dying time. It is marrying time. They'd go down through there with the music and they was a jumping and they was a hollering and a shouting around and here come the bridegroom and his offer garbage, but he wasn't packing the bride's dress. He had already seeded ahead of time. Oh yeah. By a seventh angel messenger. So here they come from one side of town maybe to the other side and but now she's getting antsy. I just hear her saying the evening light has come. It is a time that God and Christ are one. It's the evening time. Oh, praise the Lord. It's got to be soon now cuz it's the evening time. I see the sun is getting ready to set down there before long. But the setting of the sun only means it is the rising of the sun in just a little while. So I know it's got to be soon. I don't know exactly when it is. And all of a sudden they're here. Glory to God. I imagine some of you dry hide word of lifers would had a little bit of excitement about it. Well, glory to God. I'm getting married today. Hallelujah. Oh, this is what she's waited for. Here comes the bridegroom and standing right by him is his friend. But right before they get to her house, here's the virgins. Now, you see, the virgins were not the bride. Jesus nowhere in Matthew 25 says that the bride was in the virgins. They were guests. He used a typical Middle Eastern wedding ceremony. They were on their way to get the bride. He didn't stop at the virgin said, "Well, you're the bride and I'll take you." No, they were going to come along with them with the lights in their hands. Why? Nighttime. Night time. You don't need them at 9:00 in the morning. So, what do you do? Waited till the end time. waited till the last days at the setting of the sun because it's going to get darker and darker. And here they all they had their lamp and they had Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. I ain't got no oil. Oh goodness. Oh goodness. I I I I thought I had enough. Oh no. Oh no. Don't you understand what happened? The wick itself will burn for a while without oil. So their wit must have been on fire because they looked and said, "Glory to God, I got it. Hallelujah. I got it. Amen. Praise the Lord. I I I've got it." But the wick wasn't dipped down to the inside of the container in the sole of the container. So then they looked, "Oh my Lord. Oh no. Oh no. No. No. No. No. Don't tell me. Don't tell me." So they hear [Music] it. I said, "Glory to God. Glory to God. It's the coming of the Lord. It's the rapture." And again, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Please don't go out. No, please. Mama, give me give me some deacons. Give me some more. Put it down. Let me ask somebody, please. Brother Donnie, I can't. So, do they stop the festivities? Do they put it on hold? No, neither will the Lord God of heaven stop the festivities of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride because millions of church members have no oil in their vessels. So here they come. The music's getting louder, louder. Look at the decadence upon the bridegroom's voice, his face, his appearance as he's now. Oh, he's getting a little bit happy himself. Oh, you say, "Brother Dolly, sure you don't sing." The Lord sings. Ain't you ever read that scripture in Zephaniah where God said, "I will sing over you." That's what the bridegroom would do when he would go to get close to the house. Well, darling, he'd go to singing a love song. You imagine that music, right? Oh, hallelujah. I know you think I'm crazy, but let me alone. Hallelujah. Whenever he'd come close, he'd go to say, "Come away, my love. Come away, my fair one. Come away." And the music starts dropping. Them shouters is trying to hold theirs. Glory to God. Them dancers, man, they're wound up counting an eight day clock. They're just, you know, the Jews danced a lot. Anyway, the Lord told them, "Dance." All their festivities, that's what they done. They just dance. He said, "Let your servants dance. Let your slaves dance. Just dance. Get out there and dance." And weddings is one of them. I mean, they had them seven days long. Here he comes. She's right behind the door. But she can't open yet. His presence has got to be so close. There's just a certain time. Then she can reach and take the handle and open the door. He steps up to the door. Now listen, the friend of the bridegroom comes around, takes the bride, and says, "My Lord, your queen." I wish I was out there in the middle of that field by myself. I'd be running, screaming like a wild Indian right now. So the friend presented the bride to the groom. My lord, your queen. Now remember a year prior to this, when a boy was born, they planted a certain tree. When a girl was born, they planted another kind of tree. Whenever they got married, they cut down both of those trees and took made two tent poles to make a square tent called a hoopa. So they would spread that hoopa. You know where it was? He'd been building her a house. He'd been building her a house. So they cut down his tree and her tree. He died on one. She died on another. He had his cross. You got yours. And they stretched them poles out under the hoop. Now he the the friend of the bridegroom presents her and he steps in the threshold of the door, takes her by the hands. Come with me. and backs out the doorway and pulls her out of time into eternity and breaks the threshold of atoms and lights and molecules takes her by the hand. They spin around. Harry, Larry, all the rest of the musicians start cranking that music up. Sister Janet grabs her tambourine. Somebody else grabs her timber. Somebody else grabs her banjo. Well, maybe not a banjo, but they grab their hand claps and they go to Glory to God. Hallelujah. Here we go. We're going right back down. Oh, thank God, friends. Do you realize where we are? to hear me. This is the hour. They scream, they holler, they shout till they get back to the new place. The bride and the groom go under the hoopa. Now they say a few words to each other. They take a cup of wine. He drinks it first. She drinks it. Hands it backs to him. He takes the cup, sets it on the ground, crashes it. Your mortality, my sweetheart, is finished forever. Then he takes her into the bridal chamber. Not the bridegroom chamber, but he takes her into the bridal chamber which he himself has prepared for her. And there she becomes his wife. When he breaks the virgin veil according to the book of Deuteronomy, they would take cloths put under the virgin girl and the veil would be broken. The tokens of her virginity were kept as a witness against the false accuser. Glory to God. Acts 5:1 is describing what I just described to you. I am coming to my garden. My sister, my spouse. I've gathered my spice. I've eaten my honeycomb. I've took my faith, my virtue, my knowledge, my temperance, my brotherly kindness, my godliness. I I've took the trials of Pergamos. I've took the faith of Ephesus. I've took the brotherly kindness of E, you know, all all down through the ages. I've let all of this come. I've consummated it. and I've gathered my bride finally. You understand the rapture will be the first time ever that all the bride will be gathered in one place. We've been separated for 2,000 years. We didn't know each other. It'll be the first time that we'll be gathered again since we all come from the mind of God. where we were in eternity. So now he comes out of the bridal chamber and listen to these words. I drunk my wine with my milk. Oh friends, drink. Yay. Drink abundantly. Oh beloved, you know why? Cuz he found that his friend had truly produced a virgin bride for him. Can't you see why Brother Rand got so torn up when he saw that church? When he saw the original church. Oh my, there they were. their long hair and all that. And then he sees the the last group naked strips of of pale gray paper dancing to rock and roll. And he said, I thought, "Oh, God, is that all I have been able to produce for you? God have mercy on these poor people that think they can make it without an angel messenger. It's no wonder they're naked, right? You know what God will do? God will throw them in a bed in the tribulation period. That's what he said in the book of Revelation. I'll throw you in a bed of worldliness. You're naked and ungodly. Why? They laughed at his messenger of Malachi for a we don't need no prophet. Well, maybe you don't, but we do. And I ain't saying that we did. We still do. We still need this message, brother Lady, to keep us right. Praise be to God. So the bridegroom comes out and he said, "Rejoice, friends. Rejoice." The message was a success. I started it out with my first angel down at the bottom of the pyramid. Come on up with seven other church angels. And then I sent Elijah in the last day to bring the restoration back to the first. Rejoice. Drink. Let the heavens rejoice and be glad. I found my wife to be a virgin. Oh, that's not what Adam found. That's not what God found in the Old Testament. But that's what he will find in this last day. It'll be the greatest paradox of all the ages. That out of the most wicked, look at friend. Look at our nation. It's like so many of our politicians and our public and the people, they're obsessed with sex stuff. They're obsessed with transgender. What in the world? I'm sure you're hearing about all these millions and millions and millions of dollars that they're uncovering. You imagine a million dollar study to study on transgender mice. So many millions of dollars in Central America spent for transgender operation. What in the world is wrong with them? They're out of their mind. I said they're out of their mind. But while they're out of theirs, we got ours back. Cuz you see, we too were one time naked. Yeah, we were miserable, wretched, blind, and didn't know where we were going. But tonight, we stand clothed in the cloth of the word. I love emotions. I love sensations. I love all all those things. But God never sent his prophet to dress us with emotions. And emotions comes with it. It's part of it. But if I have to trade out part of the word for an emotion, I'll I'll let go of the emotion. Because emotion is not identified. Come on, somebody. Oh, yeah. It comes with it, but it's not the word. Because emotions can be right and they can be wrong. What about it? Word of life. Every day you live, it's getting closer and closer and closer. Let me close. I read this to you last last time. Isaiah 62:4, "Thou shalt no better be termed forsaken, neither shall thy land anymore be termed desolate, but thou shalt be called Hepsible, which means my delight is in her. and thy land bulah which means to marry, rule over, possess, own, be lord, husband in parenthesis over to be married. But you see, the church wants to be married to God or oh yeah, they want the benefits of marriage, but they want what's called in this day an open marriage. You've heard of it, an open marriage. This man marries this woman but he can sleep with whoever he wants to and she can too. Open marriage. God don't believe in such filths in the home or in heaven. Amen. That's what the church wants. Come on. Only you can tell by their young ones. They're not they've not been with the make Christ Jesus cuz they're not bringing forth them Acts 238 screaming shouting youngans. Well, hallelujah. cuz that's the only kind the word can bring forth. Isaiah 58:11, "And the Lord shall guide thee continually, and satisfy thy soul in drought, and make fat thy bones, and thou shalt be like a watered garden." Jeremiah 31:12, therefore shall they come and sing in the height of Zion. Amen. and shall flow together to the goodness of the Lord, for wheat, and for wine, and for oil, and for the young of the flock, and of the herd. And their soul shall be as a watered garden, and they shall not sorrow anymore at all. Don't you see what it's going? We're going back again at the dawn of that seventh morning. When the seventh morning will break, the earth will take on its Eden conditions again. The sea will be closed out at nighttime and the bride will enter in in the time of darkness. But to us, it's not darkness. It's shalom. Good morning. Is that right? Ezekiel 36:34, "And the desolate land shall be till, whereas it lay desolate in the sight of all that pass by." That was me. That was you. And they shall say, "This land was desolate. It's become like the Garden of Eden, and the waste and the desolated and ruined cities are become fenced and are inhabited." Can you imagine what a state this world is going to be in when Russia will annihilate the United States and all of it will end in debris, bodies be burned and charred and then atomic explosion. Remember, it will be atomic fire that ushers in the millennium. Yeah, I've thought about Noah and his family so many times through the years. What a feeling it must have been for eight people to step out of that boat. Not another human being on the earth. No neighbors, no friends, nobody. He couldn't bring Eden then. But when you and I step out in the millennium, glory be to God, the earth, not in its eighth day beauty now, but in that millennium, the lion and the lamb will lay down together. Praise be to God. Do you realize we're coming to the close of wintertime and it been beautiful around here today? Tomorrow is supposed to be like the same day. But you know how March is? She's a contankerous old thing. She don't like to let go. We may have some more snow flying or cold weather. Who knows what it's going to be? But this is the way I look at it. This could be the last winter I'll ever see for the rest of my life. God's prophet said that winter time is God's curse on the earth. And when he brings him and his wife back together to live, hallelujah, on their honeymoon, oh, glory to God. The temple of Ezekiel 44 through 48 will be built. He'll stand upon the Mount of Olives and it'll cleave in half and the water will come out from it and it'll start running. which is near the garden of Gethsemane, and it'll run right down southward toward the Dead Sea, and the waters out from under his feet will cause the Dead Sea to come to life. Now, I'm telling you something, that Dead Sea is something to look at. I mean, there's salt everywhere. We went down there years and years ago. You don't have to even swim. All you got to do is just go out there and lay on that water. It's so heavy and got so many minerals in it. You could be, you don't have to even learn one thing about swimming. It'll suspend you there in the water. And I just sat out there and looked at and I was there. I said, "See, I'm telling you, you're fixing to get a change. I just want to warn you as a son of God. Happy day. Happy day." You know why I could say that? Cuz I one time was like that old Dead Sea out in the mountain. I said, "Come on, somebody. You were like that old desolate land, that old dry desolate land. I like the dead sea, but the water came out from the Son of God and shined upon our lives and watered us. And we are now his garden. Eat of your pleasant fruits, my Lord. Take of your wine, your pomegranates, your mandrekes. Let me close. St. John 18:1. And this is what makes it all possible. When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron. Where was a garden into which he entered and his disciples, the one we know about Gethsemane, Gimmoni, the place of the olive press. Still trees in that garden now that they say possibly could date back to the Lord Jesus. that old. It was lost in a garden and regained in a garden. Understand St. John 19 41. Now in the place where he was crucified, there was a garden. And in the garden a new separate wherein was never man yet laid. So, our Lord Jesus raised from the dead in a garden tomb. To me, it's so fitting that he would raise that seed which he placed in me of predestination also from a garden tomb. You see, I am a garden. You are a garden. I look like the dead sea, lifeless. A land was barren. No fruits. But he raised himself. Hallelujah. Destroy this temple. And in three days, I'll raise it again. And he raised me from a garden tomb. And then turned right around and said, "Now what I want to do is I want you and I to become one." And from that tomb will come forth my new life or my new message. So when they carried theelves up into the upper room and there was 120 garden tombs dead, lifeless and there came a sound as of a rushing mighty wind and it filled all the house where they were sitting. and 120 resurrections took place and God started the Garden of Eden. One more time. Now, the second Adam had an Eve that could not perish. He is the second Adam. We are the second Eve. And let us put hail on notice tonight. She will not fail. She cannot fail. It's astounding. The prophet tells us 1965, he said, "The whole reason this whole evil age, the whole reason of this evil age is to prove to Satan she's not the type of woman that Eve was." Wow. Boy, he had a lot of confidence in me. He ain't got none in you. He ain't got none in me. He has confidence in his word. And if me and his word are one, then yes, he has confidence in that. He ain't got no confidence in our flesh. Think of it. Don't you love him? Thank you, Lord. Let's pray together. Oh, sweet Jesus. Come tonight, Lord. Come. Take the garden of our hearts into your lives, Lord. Lord, may may Song of Solomon chapter 5 verse one be fulfilled in every heart of every believer right here tonight. Lord God, that their heart can be a a garden sealed enclosed. Lord, I know the world looks at it and says, "Oh, them poor women, they they can't do this. And them poor young people, we feel so sorrowful and they can't do this. They can't do that. They can't go here. They can't go there. They're behind prison walls. It ain't prison walls to us. It's a garden wall. It keeps the jackals out and the foxes and all the rest of the varmints out there in the world to protect his little special tropical plants. Oh, hallelujah. We worship you tonight, Lord God. I want to thank you for giving me enough voice to speak this tonight. Father, I feel like we moved into a little heavenly realm for a bit, thank you for opening up our future for us, letting us see just a little bit what lays ahead for us. Oh Jesus, we love you, Lord. We're longing for that day when the shout, the voice, and the trumpet. A shout, a message to get the bride together. Then the voice, the voice of the archangel, and then the trump of God will sound will all be gathered together. And he says in going beyond the camp, think of it missing people. They can't find you no more, but you're getting together with the rest of the group. And come up missing together on the earth. Amen. Brother Daryl may be out in a meeting somewhere. He might have drove most of the night, maybe on Sunday night coming back home. Don't want to wake Cheryl and Jessica up, so he just lay on the couch a little bit. Gets up about 7 or so in the morning, goes into the bathroom, standing there combing his hair, brushing his teeth, in the bathroom, walks his mama and his daddy, his sister, loved ones go to appearing. while it's happening out there at Gray. Glory to God. Down Elizabeth and I'll be running up and down the road shouting and screaming cuz Lance has already tore the house down there over the hill. Them four Parker girls shouting their hair. Glory to God. I'll see that little young mine. I'll see Brother Calvin Ward. I'll see Brother Daniel Nunley, Brother David. on and on and on, Lord. Get together with the rest of the group. Hallelujah. We'll gather together under the church age messenger and he will present us. Hallelujah. Not some eighth day messenger. Not some preacher that thinks he knows it all. Try to sidestep the prophet. ain't going to be me, some other man that's going to present the bride. It's going to be that friend of the bridegroom, but we want to stand there, Lord. Our little church along with these other churches, little battalions of the army of God. We walk up there behind that messenger. We won't be ashamed of what he said. We won't nitpick it. Well, I don't like this and that was only a brand tabernacle and we don't need this in this day. No, that ain't the way we're going with it. What if that's a sleeve? What if that's a button? What if that's a hem? What if that's a cuff or a collar that goes on the dress? And I don't like that collar. I don't like that cuff. If he put a cuff on it, I want a cuff. If he put a collar on it, I want a collar. Lord God, we don't want some manufactured something another of our own ideas. Oh Jesus, we worship you tonight. Lord, we praise you tonight. Father, can we just take a few minutes? Oh, don't you love him, children? Don't you just just love him so much? You You want to be part of that day? Yes. Remember, Adam's bride couldn't wait. Jehovah's bride couldn't wait. Do you understand that same temptation is going to face the bride in this last day not to wait for the real thing? Satan has played so many tricks on us in the ranks of this message to try to forrun that latter. This is it. This is it. This is a bride revival. Every one of us fallen short and produced a bunch of bastard born children. But God's going to have a bride that's going to wait. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you, Jesus. Blow across our garden tonight. Father, oh Lord God, I pray in the name of Jesus. take our our herbs, our spices, our fruits, the pleasantries of our life which have been created by you. Anything good that I could ever do, it would have to come from you cuz there's no good in me. There's no good in any of us. If we ever accomplish one thing for the glory of God, it'll be your work. All I got to do is get ready. just got to get get dressed and and get ready and just be there waiting. You've done got the banquet prepared. Praise God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. As I set it up in Arkansas, maybe that table 1500 miles long and the very last two seats on the left or right hand side, I don't even care what side, but the very last two seats at the table. What's that? Me and Carol. and Carol will be next to last and I'll be last. And I'm not sure how long it'll take, but you start to break that head by all them important people. You go to wiping their tears from their eyes. But I'll get my turn. Oh Lord God, I can't wait for that time when I raise my head and I look up at you. My little queen sitting by my side, tears trickling out of my eyes. And you look down at me. Don't cry no more. It's all over now. Enter into the joys of the Lord. I prepared them for you too before the world began. Remember the night when you got married that day and I spoke to you and said, "I ordained you to be together before the foundation of the world." Hallelujah. We worship you, Jesus. We worship you, Jesus. Hey, whatever's on your heart, when it's my time, I'm going to take my time to behold his face. our God. When it's my time, I'm going to take my time. Thank you, Jesus. To talk of his amazing amazing grace. I'm going to thank him. Can we just love him a little now before we go? That he brought and I believe in thee alone. When it's my turn, going to take my time at his soul. Yes, Lord. Oh, it's mine. Oh, yes. Think of the children. Each one of you is going to get your time. Won't it be something to behold? To behold his face. Hallelujah, Lord. I'm going to take my time to talk of his amazing grace. I'm going to thank him for that heavy loyalty me alone. When it's my time, I'm going to take my time. Lord Jesus worship him upon millions. Think about it. Millions upon millions since you see him standing in line. [Music] Just waiting for waiting for one moment, a moment more of the precious time. When I finally reach all glory, his presence, I'll take a thousand years, maybe two, just to thank him, just to thank him for his wonderful love and the grace that he brought over. Oh, it is my time. Thank you, Jesus. I'm going to take my time. Oh, let's loving saints. Let's just worship him together. I'm going to let you go shortly. Let's just love him while we have this opportunity. This might be somebody's last time to ever praise him. My time to talk to his amazing. Thank him for the love that he and I leave me alone. When it's my time, I'm going to take my time at his throne. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus, come away, my love. Come away, my fair one. Lo, the winter is [Music] passed. The time of the dove is at hand. The liies and the turtle, which is actually the turtle dove. The time of singing is at hand. Come my love, my fair one, my undefiled. Walk with me in white for you are worthy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. [Music] Lord God, as long as I'm in my right mind, as long as I can preach, as long as I can study, help me that I'll always be true. Try to bring that word, Lord, in its pure form. I'm not called like the prophet was to do his position. But if I can just urge her along to keep the same clothes on, keep them clean, keep them spotless. Praise the Lord. I I'm not your friend the way he was, but I'll stand there and be identified that day. Thank you, Jesus. Singing for us. Harry, come away. Let's just sing this one before we go. There's a table dressed in linen. A banquet is prepared. Who prepared it? You the angels gather for a celebration. There the bride is almost ready and spotless wide array. A husk falls over heaven as the groom begins to say, "Oh, come away, my love. Come away, mother. I have waited for this day. I could give to you my name. Eternity come away. My [Music] love you from creation. from creation. Long before long before you came to me love me. I carried that love with me all the way to Calary. Though it wasn't old when they all the truth glory I proved my love will never die when I rose again for you come my love let's sing it now come away my [Music] I've waited for this day to give you my new name. Eternity awaits us. Oh, come on. Christ come away. H come away. A radius age come away. Hallelia church come [Music] away. Lord God I bless your name Lord [Music] Jesus. Come away. [Music] [Music] I've waited for this day. I can give to you my name. [Applause] [Music] Eternity, my brother Daryl, come dismiss this, buddy. Did not our Lord Jesus paint us a masterpiece tonight? Amen. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] We were there. It was so real. It was so real. You know, last April when I was in Arkansas for a total eclipse of the sun. And when I watched the moon and the sun unite as one, it just dawned on me that takes place when there's darkness on the earth. And in the darkness of Leodysa, we become one with with him. It's on us, friends. It's on us. We're not arriving. We've arrived. I'm so grateful that the Lord has made these things known to us. I was just an empty tomb, an empty face. But he found me. He found you. Aren't you grateful for that? Amen. Oh my. Didn't you enjoy the word tonight? Let's just bow our heads. [Laughter] Lord Jesus, I am so thankful in my heart, Lord, that you have made these these things known to us. Lord, the secrets, the once great mystery, secrets that was in your mind has now been placed in the hearts of the believers. We're unveiling that mystery, manifesting that thought. Lord, we are so grateful. And I pray, dear God, that we take these things with us tonight. Lord, may we lay aside every weight, Lord, every feather, everything, dear God, that would hinder us from obtaining that which we've heard tonight. Lord, I pray that you'd bless my precious brother Donnie, Lord, that you'd just re renew his strength, dear God. Take the weakness, the cough away from him. We pray, Lord, bring him back like Aurora lion on Sunday, Lord, to bring the word again. We pray go with your children, Father. watch over them as they make their way home tonight. And Father, we lay up on our beds. May we may we regurgitate these things we've heard tonight, Lord. And may it feed our souls. We pray. And Father, you see the needs of your people. And I ask you, Lord, may your spirit just move upon each heart, each family, Lord, that's struggling with with diseases, Lord, and viruses and whatever it would be, oh God. But you said in your word, I will restore, sayeth the Lord. I am the Lord thy God that health thee. Lord, I believe it with all of our hearts. We commit these things into your hands for your glory. Thank you, Father, for the privilege of coming to your house and sitting at your table and feasting upon thy word. Thank you, Lord Jesus, tonight. Go with your people. We pray now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Sing us something back. Come away. God bless you saints who dismiss the fear of the Lord. I'm sure love and appreciate you. Come away, my [Music] love. I have waited for this day when I could give to you my name. For eternity awaits. Come away my love. Come away. Come [Music] away. I have waited for this day when I could give to you my eternity. Awesome. Come away. [Music] Yeah. My love, I wait for this day. I can give to you my name. Eternity awaits us. Come away. Come away my love. Come [Music] [Applause] away my love. I'm waiting for this day when I can give to you my name. Eternity awaits us. Come [Music] away, my love. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
