################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-22 - The Bride's Dowry Pt.5 - 10/22/2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-22
Title:   The Bride's Dowry Pt.5 - 10/22/2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjW1ptJrYf4
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Watch this. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] What happened? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Mo. You have heard of fearless David and his sling. You have heard the story told of dreaming Joseph and of John and well you often sing. Well, there are many, many others through the Bible. I should like to meet them all. I do declare by and by the Lord will surely let us meet them at that meeting in the air. Well, there is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet sweet by and by. I'm going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ear will be glorious, I do declare. And God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting. in the air. Many things will there be missing at that meeting. For the m will have no place at all. There will never be a servant priest to sinners. For the sinner had refused to heed the call. There will be no more morning where we're loved ones. There will be no lonely nighting prayer. All our burdens and our anguish will be lifted at that meeting in the air. Well, there's going to be a meeting in the air and a sweet sweet by and by. I'm going to meet you, meet you over there at that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear. ever heard my mortal ear will be glorious I do declare and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air oh I fly away your glory I going to fly way. Oh, when I die, Hallelujah. I am I going to fly away some glad morning. When this life is over, I fly away to my home on God's special shore. I fly. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. I fly away. Oh, I know. Hallelujah. I am fly away. There just a few more weary days and there way to that land where joy shall never end. Oh, I won't fly away. Oh, fly away. Oh glory going to fly away. Oh when I die. Hallelujah. By sing more time. Oh fly away. I won't fly away. I wonder how you fly in my house away. Amen. Amen. That's a good way to start a Wednesday night service there. Amen. If y'all can be seated, we'll read these prayer requests and we have an announcement. Forgive me if my voice cracks and snap crackle pops, whatever. This weather has got my got all the stuff happening. So bear with me. Uh the Christmas shoe boxes will be available in the main foyer after service starting tonight and will continue to be available for the next several services. If you don't have anything for the Lord this year, this would be a good opportunity. I don't know exactly what that's supposed to mean. Sign 12:24. So, y'all take that up with him. Amen. Prayer request. Hope Harrison had health problems that has test coming up. And brother Rocky, Sister Teresa, we're thankful for our prayers. I remember some of the circumstances with that, but please pray for me. I have coughing and congestion. That's from brother Bobby Hayden. And this is a prayer request from a neighbor. Her grandpa is on hospice for stomach cancer. His son dealing with dementia. Her grandmother having to take care of both of them. They really appreciate our prayers. That's from Sister Dion Ward. This was turned into the library. Please keep Brother Homer blanking in prayer. He is in the hospital and needs healing and comfort. Pray for mom as she's also healing. That's for Sister Donna. Brother Randy Walton's grandsons are not feeling well and are in need of prayer. This is also turning in the library. Please remember brother Randy Scott in prayer. The aphib he was dealing with flared up again last night. Please pray for the Please pray this will leave him so he can return to work and normal activities. He'd appreciate your prayers very much. Sister Ruth Luis Jax is requesting prayer concerning an insurance claim that has been going on for several months. Please pray it will be settled quickly and in her favor. Thank you for your prayers. I'm sure everybody can relate with something like that. Amen. Brother Keith, if you don't care to come and pray with it for us tonight, if you'll just stand, we'll take these prayer requests before the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord, everybody. &gt;&gt; I'd like to just take a second to thank the unsung heroes that make these services go well. These musicians, song leaders, people up there, internet. What would we do without them taking their time away? because they don't get to, you know, and I I just felt like that's something that service after service after service, we get to enjoy all that. And I just wanted to say thank you to them. Thank you guys. Let's pray. [Applause] Heavenly Father, we love you so much and we know, Father, that you have diversities of gifts to help throughout the body, Father. But it's one big blessing from you. You and a corporal body, Father. We love you so much. You've made provision for healing for all these needs. Brother Brandham said, "If you had a need, just ask." and he's he's wanting to do more for us than we can ever imagine on a daily basis if we'll just relax and let him. Father, we believe in you and we'll believe that you're the healer and the healing is already done. If you were here, you couldn't heal us cuz you've already done it. And our needs, you've already met them. So, let's just be patient and walk into them. Father, bless this service tonight. Speak to us. Maybe we have questions in our heart, but Lord, you can direct that gift to answer those questions for us if we'll just be patient. We love you and ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Man, thank you, brother Keith. Us, if you'll come to this time, we'll receive the heating ties and offering you given us to the Lord, man. We'll sing a song that we beat to death a little bit, but that's okay. What do you sing? Psalm 34. Sorry. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him [Applause] are radant. I'll never be the same. I'll never be the same. This poor man cried and the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver everything. Let's sing this together. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together with me. I exalt his name forever. Magnify the Lord with me. All coming his name together. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Who can say that? Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fill the Lord. Oh, all you saints, he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord. I exalt his name together. [Music] [Applause] Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Ever ending praise. May our incense eyes. Oh, let us bless the Lord every day and night with never ending praise. May I sense your eyes or magnify the Lord for exalt his name together. I exalt his name forever. Magnify the Lord for exalt his name forever. The Lord will [Music] come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Amen. I love good worship songs like that. But there's another little country boy part of me that likes southern gospel songs like this next one. Most of a lot of y'all don't know, but I think I've said it before. I have loved the Henson's. I don't know if Kenny Henson was alive when I was alive, maybe for a couple years, but I have I've loved the Henson's. And this is old Henson song. I'm sure other people have recorded it, too. But I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my soul just it was long gone. Amen. Long years ago, boy went out in sin. I had no hope, no peace within. Down on my knees in agony. I prayed to Jesus and he gladly set me free. I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my soul are wor. It made me happy, glad, and free. I'll sing and shout it for he's everything to me. Now I can feel him by my side. my feeble steps. He comes to God. When trials come, he comforts me. Through him or sin, I have the victory. I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my sorrow away. It made me happy, glad, and free. I sing and shout it for he's everything to me. Oh sinner, come to Jesus now. And at his dear feet, all you got to do is humbly bow. Confess to him your every sin. He'll save and cleanse you, give you peace and joy within. Oh, I never shall. Forget the day when all the burdens of my soul rolled away. It made me happy, glad, and free. I'll sing and shout it for he's everything to me. I never shout. Sister Harmony, you come on up. Brother Aaron, all the burdens of my soul were away. It made me happy, glad, and free. I'll sing and shout it for he's everything to me. Oh sinner, come to Jesus now. and at his dear feet. All he got to do is humbly bow. Confess to him your every sin. He'll save and cleanse you. Give you peace and joy within. Oh, I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my soul were roll away. It made me happy, glad, and free. I'll sing and shout it for He's everything to me. Amen. Y'all can be seated to give our singers a hand. They get ready to sing. [Music] Amen. If you know this song, you can sing it with me tonight. We've sang it before as a congregational, but it's been a while. Oh, you give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore. Every heart that is broken. [Music] Great are you, Lord. [Applause] It's your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give home. You restore every heart that is broken. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you all. Great are you, Lord. [Music] And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. All the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. And all the earth will shout your praise. Hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. [Music] This is your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you all. We great are you Lord. [Music] Great are you Lord. [Music] [Music] [Music] There are times in this life when fear Fear is so heavy and burdens weigh on your mind. [Music] You are weak in the knee and no strength can you find but just hold on helps right on time. [Music] My Jesus, he's always on time. And though you may see a valley, [Music] this is the mountain you'll be standing on. When all you can see are the tears falling down. I'm so glad he sees what we don't. [Music] I've seen his children walk through the darkest of midnight. I witnessed faith put to the test. And I've watched as the storms blew and with the thunder. But in each trial he knows what's best. And I am so blind. He knows what's best. And though you may see a valley, [Music] this is the mountain you'll be standing on. When all you can see are the tears falling down. I'm so glad he sees what we don't. He knows the end from the beginning. [Applause] [Music] He looks ahead the hurt and the pain to a place where the peace passes all understanding. [Music] He sees the sun through the rain. And though you may see your valley, [Music] this is the mountain you'll be standing on. When all you can see are the tears falling down. I'm so glad he sees what we don't. And I am so glad he sees what we don't. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Sure. Enjoyed those specials tonight. If we'll all just stand, we'll sing this as brother gets ready to come. Amen. Brothers, she'll pull up Touching Jesus. Amen. I don't know what you're going through tonight, but I feel like he's just one arms reach away. Amen. Touching Jesus is all that really matters. And then your life will never be the same. [Music] Oh, there's only one way to touch him. him. You just believe when you call on his name. Let's sing that first verse. Oh, tried so many positions, yet grew worse. So, to Jesus she came. And when the crowd tried to restrain her. Oh, she whispered these words through her pain. at all. Touching Jesus is all that really matters. [Music] [Music] for there's only one way you can touch him. Aren't you glad? Just believe when you call on his name. Let's sing that second verse together. I was bound when I knew it. They said Jesus could meet my every need. When this prisoner finally I got a hold to Jesus. Oh, he made me free. Praise his name. I'm free indeed. Everybody now. Thank God that you Jesus is all that really matters. Thank you, Lord God. And in your life will never be the same. We're so grateful, Lord. There's only one way to touch him. Oh, yes. Just when you call on his name. [Music] Praise the Lord. Heavenly Father, how grateful we are tonight that it's just that simple. No doubt many of these people have been serving you for a long, long time. and they've had all sorts of tests and trials and difficulties in their life. One way they approach you when they're going through this trial and they approach you another way and another way. But in reality, it all comes down to one simple way. We believe when we ask and we pray as you pray. if there's anything that we would pray that would be contrary to your will that your will would be done. So, Father, we're praying again tonight and we believe it's according to your will that we ask that you be among us, that you move among us tonight. We have sick, we have those that are going through various things in their life. Some, Lord, couldn't be in church tonight because they're physically sick. We're praying for them. Father, some pressed on and they came even though in reality they didn't feel like coming. But I ask you that you'd bless their efforts tonight. Lord Jesus, help me that I can get out of the way, Father, that I can speak those things that'll be beneficial to your people tonight. We want to say how much we love you and how grateful we are that we can come to church on Wednesday night. Thank you for it, Lord. Bless our time together now, Father. We pray in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many can say it's good to be a child of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad that God got a hold to your heart and won't let go? &gt;&gt; Yes. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Won't let go. Praise God. Turn with me if you would tonight to Genesis chapter 24. Certainly um appreciate you praying for us while we was over at the camp this past weekend and the Lord did some wonderful things. The brothers really really submitted theirel to the Lord and already heard some really wonderful testimonies of what God did. It's always it's always wonderful when his children gather together, isn't it? I understand brother Joe did a really good job here and y'all were blessed to be in church and &gt;&gt; it does the pastor's heart good whenever you hear that service is good and people's needs were met. Genesis chap 24:58. I want to speak to you again tonight on the bride's dowy. Now remember the dowy was given to her by her father to help her in her journey. And in this situation, it's Rebecca's journey, of course, that she's going 450 to 500 miles, something like that, depending on which trade route that they went on. Uh month and a half up to two months, uh again, depending on which one they took on the back of a camel. And they called Rebecca and said unto her, "Wil thou go with this man?" and she said, "Let me Google him and see if I can find anything about him on YouTube. &gt;&gt; Let me ask my grandma, my uncle." Well, you better not go to asking some of them. You get really in trouble, wouldn't you? And they called Rebecca and said unto her, "Well, thou go with this man." And she said, "I will go." And they sent away Rebecca, their sister, her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. And they blessed Rebecca, and said unto her, "Thou art our sister. Be thou the mother of thousands of millions. And let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them." And Rebecca arose in her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man. And the servant took Rebecca, and went his way. May the Lord bless his words. You may be seated. Read with me if you would in Ephesians chapter 3:8. We will move from the desert and we will come to another man who also met God in a desert. We're talking about Apostle Paul. Now remember, he was not one of the original 12. He was not one of the ones that was personally called by Jesus. He never hunted with Jesus, never fished with Jesus. He was not one of those that ate with Jesus. He had nothing to do with Jesus. Actually, though Paul, now think of it, Paul was alive when Jesus was here. But it was not Paul's time for the light to shine on Paul. And yet, God had greater revelation in store for this man than he did any of those that actually were with the Lord Jesus physically. And we know that you don't know Jesus after the flesh. Now, Peter thought that he knew the Lord and he thought that he knew himself. But come to find out, he didn't know either one very well because he made a pretty much a a great drastic mistake. And if it hadn't been for the grace of God, he would have been lost forever. But thank God, his name was on the book. But here we're looking at a man that never knew him physically, never saw him, uh may have never known anything about his family, nothing like that. But the Lord Jesus appeared to him in a supernatural way. And I hope you understand what I'm going to say that many times the way people come to God and the way they are born will set a birth for their walk and their journey. Now, many people come to the Lord, and I'm not saying now tonight that you've got to run and jump and shout, although I believe in that, and I think we ought to do more of it myself, as long as we live right whenever we get done running and jumping and shouting. But what I found is that for many people who come to God and there's hardly no emotion whatsoever in their experience with the Lord, I'm talking about crying as an emotion as well as the shouting and all that, too. And yet they seem to have no great change about them. They just dry eyed or dryeyed confession as the prophet called it. And they come to the Lord and mentally psychologically they go to mapping out in their mind what they need to do to be a Christian. So they pick out all the dos and the don'ts and can and cannots and should and should notss and they go to try to psychologically like the self-help books of the modern day and they take the message in the same way and then they try to comply and they try to do but what can I do? What can I do? Several years ago, there was a man that came to our church from another state and he come to brother Jim Babin. He said, "Brother Jim," he said, "I want to know what is the largest amount that anybody in the church pays tithe." And he said, "Well, brother, that is a very private thing. We don't divulge that." He said, "Well, no, I'm not asking now about the individual, but he said, I just want to know how much it is because I want to pay more than everybody else." because he said, "I I want to have an identification. I want to have something that I'm known by." Well, I do, too. It's a new verse, but it has nothing to do with paying the largest amount of tithe or singing the loudest or, you know, any of that sort of thing. But you realize that there's an element of people that when they come to the Lord, it's totally psychology on a spiritual sense. So they approach God from the mental aspect and they think it all through. So they think about salvation, they think about Jesus dying, they approach the message in the same way. So it's psychological. They think about, okay, so it makes sense that God would send a prophet. They understand and they they take in serpent seed psychologically and you'll hear them say it, well that makes so much sense. That makes so much sense. That makes more sense than anything I've ever heard. So they believe it that way and they believe water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus. Well, that makes perfect sense. Now, myself, I'm a little bit leery of individuals whenever they come and everything they hear makes perfect sense. Because I don't mind telling you, there's a lot of things I've heard that made no sense at all. &gt;&gt; None. Zilto, zero. But you know what? I'm glad that God gave me another sense other than human sense, it's called revelation. So when you hear it and something in your soul punctuates it that it is the word of God even though your mind may not be able to put it together and your psyche which is your psychological part of course and it tries to process it all and it just don't it just don't compute. It just don't come together. Now, we know that there's always that supernatural element about every member that comes to the Lord Jesus. And he wants them to have that that physical part. Nothing wrong with the psyche. Now, nothing wrong with your mind and you think about it and you process it unless you're basing your salvation upon your mind and what you can comprehend from your mind alone. Because Jesus told us no man would ever be able to come to him unless he would be born again. And he said you must be born by what? By water and by spirit. Not psychological thinking about it. Not psychology, not mind over matter, but by water and by spirit. Three elements came out of the body of the Lord Jesus. Those elements were given to produce a new birth for you and I. What were those elements? an encyclopedia, a dictionary, a psychology class. What was it? Water, blood, spirit. Now, whenever we come to the Lord, will those three elements deal with our psyche? Yes. How are we going to understand the word? Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. So, what do we do? We hear it with our ears. Now, that's as far as a lot of people go. They go from there. But remember, you have two wounds as a spirit being and it goes into their mind. They hear it in their ears. They're sitting there processing as some of you are doing it right now. And you're processing and you're thinking about what I'm saying and you're trying to keep up and you're trying to, you know, compute it all. And then if that's as far as it goes, you'll never be born again. But there is also a womb inside of you. And in your soul, you conceive of that soul. Think of it. It still comes by hearing in the ears. But the intellectual person hears by the ears. It goes into the head. They process it. Okay. This is on the mantel. This is on the shelf. I don't understand that. I don't think I believe it that way. And once they look at it, they got more on the shelf than they got in their heart. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. I'm always scared of all those things we put on the mantel. What if some of those things are required? and we've laid them up on the mantle cuz we didn't think we needed them. &gt;&gt; We're going to be in a mess of trouble on the day of the rapture, aren't we? So, you realize that that's exactly now what happened to Rebecca in a phenomenal realm, the angels of God had already come to her. Now remember, she did not know when Eleazar way back now, several months before this event, Eleazar had been called into his master's tent, Abraham. And he tells him that he wants to go and make this journey, and you've read it, of course, but he gives him a little bit of a background on why he wants him to go into the land of his people. Now he told him the reason was he did not want his son to take a wife from the Canaanites. Now why weren't there women there? Were not they humans? They were. Were they Martians? No. Were they from another planet? No. But they were from another nation. nations which practiced idolatry and would sacrifice their children on the altars of Kimosh. And they would do all kinds of horrendous things. And Abraham forbid his servant from taking a wife to Isaac out of those nations, the Canaanite nations. He said, "You go to my people." Oh, I wish our message people could learn that. That's where you need to go for your husband or your wife &gt;&gt; is your people. &gt;&gt; Now notice, but then whenever he he lays a message out to this model servant and he says, "What if the woman won't leave? What if the woman will not come with me? What will I do?" He said, "Do not take a woman." Again, it reminds him from the daughters of the Canaanites. But he said, "The angel of the Lord will go before you." Now, this is the basis of this messenger's bride call. A supernatural angel will go before him. Now remember, the prophet tells us that about 30 minutes before he ever got to the well, an angel went down to Rebecca's house and told Rebecca to go up to the well because it was time. Now, I want you to notice what Eleazar did. And looking for the bride, he did not go to a bar. &gt;&gt; He did not go to a brothel. He did not go to some type of worldly event. Where did he go? The well. Now, going to the well is a good thing, but you've got to go at the right time in order for the virgins to come. Because the way it was in those days, even up in the time of the Lord Jesus, the impure women were not allowed to go when the virgins went. So Eleazar couldn't just go to the well, but he had to go to the well at a certain time. And the angel of the Lord dealt with him on the timeline and he dealt with Rebecca on the timeline because it's quite a a a several hour period or interval by which she could go say from 7 to 10. So it's quite a span there by which the virgins would come and then as the woman at the well in St. John 4 that woman come later in the day they were not allowed to associate together. No, they weren't. So she could not go up when the virgins went. So if where he went is going to typify the type of woman that he's looking for. Now, it still would not be complimentary to Abraham's uh message nor to Isaac loving him if he would have went all of that distance to the land of Mesopotamia and there he would have went to a brothel and picked a woman there of out of a brothel or a woman out of some type of filthy ungodly place and carried that type of woman right back even though she come from a church. I I mean Mesopotamia. She had to be a virgin. &gt;&gt; And if she's a virgin, she ain't got no business at a brothel. &gt;&gt; Y'all ain't lost your amen sent out of you. All right. I just want to make sure. So everything is timed by God. But now remember, it was under angelic observation. Now listen to me. God knew before the foundation of the world that man would come on the earth and that man would fall. He didn't make him do it, but he knew that he would. But he did predestinate a man that would require salvation in order to give himself reason and purpose of being. So before he ever made the man, he brought the angels. Some of them into existence as beings with an allocation of time. Others are elect angels. So it wasn't lying that they actually would start on a certain day, but they come from the essence of eternity. And God gave them an angelic body that could be able to appear. So everything eternal issued and came forth from where? The eternal. So everything then that come out of the eternal. The essence of what was there in him never started. Now he could put them in a body of time or he could put them in an element of time but that was not their origination nor their being. Now, they actually come from the essence. And here we come back to what I spoke to you last Wednesday night that the angels of God had to be told to worship the Lord Jesus because there was no three gods in heaven and they never seen no son sitting on the right hand of the father. If they if he would have been there in that form, they would have seen him for aons of time. But they never saw him that way. Why? He wasn't there that way. &gt;&gt; But his essence came out of where? The same place you came out of. If you've got eternal life &gt;&gt; now, that's why you never started on any certain day. Now, sure, your body's got a birthday, and you can you'll have a day you die if you go by time. But yet, the essence of who you are in your soul never actually started on any certain day. And this is why Paul addresses a certain category of angelic beings and calls them elect angels. So all angels were not elected, but yet they were created and given an angelic sphere or dimension by which they would move about and they would have access to supernatural realms and things appear, disappear, do all sorts of things. And they would be so close that they could almost look like and almost appear as the angels of God. So they could come and anoint people. They could anoint preachers. They could anoint leoty. They could anoint kings, presidents, monarchs. Just depending on how Satan divided them when they fell. Some would be sent into the political realm, some into the realm of diseases, some would be sent into the religious realm. And those guys are the worst of all. They're the most deceiving. So God then knowing that man once he did fall that man would have three realms above him like this and then man would have three realms below him like this. And man would be in that stream of time. And then these three realms down here would constantly be trying to penetrate into the land of time where man dwells. And these three realms up here would also be doing the same thing. So right now we're caught right in this time. And every day that we live on the earth, our lives are under the influence of these six realms. Now this what the prophet taught. Y'all know that, right? Three roomms above you, three rooms below you. So God knew then whenever man fell that before he ever fell, the angels already fell before him. Had God taken from them their ability to access the fourth dimension. Now remember the fourth dimension is light, matter, time, science, where the unbeliever goes, where the believer goes, and where God is. seven dimensions. In the fourth dimension is where prophets had their visions. So in that realm, a prophet could have a vision and he would go back maybe 150 years, 200 years or like Moses when God put Moses in the cliff to the rock and Moses went plum back to the very beginning. In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth and the earth was without form and void and darkness covered the face of the deep. No one had ever written that. But God set Moses in that secret place in the rock and carried him plum back to the beginning. And before that, what happened? Well, before that, angels had already fallen. And yet, there were who knows how many there were. One of the Greek words that the Bible uses to describe the number of them is myriads. So, it's just almost an innumerable amount. But there was an element of them that were placed on a similar basis that Adam was in the Garden of Eden. And that was a basis by which they could be tried. That God could have given Adam the seal of the Holy Ghost on his soul in the Garden of Eden. Remember, whatever Adam had, he lost it. &gt;&gt; So, it couldn't have been the seal of the Holy Ghost on his soul. People say, "Well, I want to go back where Adam was." I don't. I want to go farther back. &gt;&gt; Come on now. Whatever Adam had, he lost it. &gt;&gt; Do you understand? If you got the Holy Ghost out in your soul, you're already farther back than Adam was in the Garden of Eden. &gt;&gt; Because if you've got it in your soul, you'll never lose it. It'll never leave you. Oh, you'll make mistakes and fall short. But brother, sister, your soul is sealed plum to eternity. My, that ought to make a Baptist person shout hallelujah. But before that man was ever brought on the earth, the angels had fallen. Now they were they were in a realm that Adam more than likely had not been exposed to as of yet. But he is fixing to get under the influence of that. And of course, we know that that what was it that tempted the woman in the Garden of Eden anyway? It was the prince of fallen angels. Now, God knew then if there's going to be an element of fallen angels, they will have power, they will have authority. Even when they fall, they will maintain the angelic rank that they had before their fall. The book of Daniel declares that to us because Daniel was praying and praying and finally the angel of God come and broke through and he said, "Your prayer was heard 21 days ago." You imagine Daniel's thinking, "Well, what in the world took you so long to get here then?" But what was it? It was the prince, that demon that was over that area, that kingdom. And that angel sent from God, still in his proper position, did not outrank the demon that was over that empire. Now, think of how they were. I want you to think whenever the devil went to looking around for the body of Moses and then the angel said they the Lord rebuked thee, Satan. And remember in Zachchariah as well, the Lord rebuked thee. Well, why didn't that angel say, "I rebuke thee?" Why would that angel use the presence of Adonai? Do you understand? I'm going to go ahead and say it to you. Do you understand? In some ways, as sons and daughters of God filled with the Holy Ghost, we have more authority than the angels of God do. &gt;&gt; Do you understand, oh my, that God will hear the prayer of a saint, a child of God, quicker? He, the prophet said, then he would the request of the holy angel which has never sinned. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Frank think of it, friends. This is part of your dowy given to you by the father on your journey that when you get in trouble that you can understand he has all of these things laid up in store for you as the people of God. So are we here then in this world and the three main influences that most of us deal with are the lower influences of Satan and his demons and then hell. Well, what about the other three? I imagine one of these days it will be surprising to us when we realize by the grace of God how much our everyday life has been affected by angels. &gt;&gt; Amen. And because you didn't see them, you didn't think they were there. Now, I don't mind telling you, most of us are not made to be able to for our eyes to peer into that supernatural realm. Now, some of you probably have seen things before. I've seen angels. I've seen demons. And I don't mind telling you, as far as in the demonic world, I'm good if I never see another one. I don't like seeing them, okay? I don't like it. I don't enjoy I don't enjoy it. Because once you ever see one, once you sense that presence, from that time on, you'll never be the same. Then every time you get around a presence similar to that, even though you don't see it, you'll know he's there. And it it it can it can bother you. This right here I'm talking about. And it's the same with angelic beings, you know, that I've seen a few myself and it just make you so weak and make you shake and tremble. Just it's hard to explain what it does. But yet God has his angels that are encamped about his children and they never leave you. They are with you every day of your life. Now watch Paul the great anointed church age messenger of the first age and he's identifying this great mystery in Ephesians 3:8. unto me who am less than the least of all saints is the grace given that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ and to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world has been hid in God who created all things by Jesus Christ. Now remember, he's the first one to bring Jesus Christ into this spot that it was by him, the amorph word that all things were created. Notice now in verse 10, to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers and heavenly places might be known by the church. Astounding. Absolutely astounding. to the intent that now the principalities and the powers. So the angelic realms is are being taught great things of God by the church. Notice so he does not designate cherubams. He does not designate zoos. He does not designate these holy primitive beings that were there for how many ever millions of years that it's been. He does not get ones that are higher ranking and authority. And of course, there are those that do that. But yet, the greatest instruction that he chose to teach angelic beings and illuminate them was using the church. So the angelic host that would understand such things and be able to appear and disappear and move in a supernatural realm that you and I probably know hardly anything about at all. And yet God limited them when it come to the mystery of redemption and salvation and limited their understanding when it come to the church. So Paul in using this word about known it is I know I've shared it with you declare certify give to understand. So the church is going to be the principle means that God will use to teach angels about redemption. Now notice in Hebrews chapter 1 verse14 another description in them relating to the people of God. Are they not all ministering spirits sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation? So the angels are employed by God to minister to those who are going to be heirs of salvation. Notice again now in Matthew chapter 4. So the angels of God have this deep interest in man and what concerns man concerns them. Now watch this in Matthew 4:11. This is talking about the Lord Jesus. Then the devil leaveth him and behold angels came and ministered unto him. Now, this is exactly the same word that was used in the epistles whenever Peter's mother-in-law lay sick and Jesus raised her up. And the Bible said that she ministered unto them. And what did she do? She didn't put her hand on her hip and preach him a three-hour sermon, but she actually it was the word of serving them food and drink. So notice then the angels of God, remember Jesus has just now come off of a 40-day fast. So the angels, more than one, the angels of God come now and minister to the son of man. Listen carefully, the son of man. So the angels, did they gave him give him bread? Did they give him something to drink? Did they minister to him in his spirit? We don't know exactly what it all involved other than angels plural came and ministered unto them. Now remember this is the head of the new church. So Jesus is living out the type for you and I as well that whenever we get in difficult times, notice they did not come before the fast began. They did not come before the temptation began. But they came after Jesus endured the temptation. Notice, endured the temptation and was faithful to the word of God without angelic visible influence. And they come because of his obedience and his faithfulness. Children, how many times do we keep blessings from the angels of God off of our life simply because we run out of patience? &gt;&gt; Oh my. Now, notice those in the hour of temptation that we'll resist. And then remember now, it was not by angelic anointing or angelic power that Jesus overcame. If that's the way it was, then he would have to give it to us every time that we're tested and tried as well. So the angelic ministering came after that it went through that. I guarantee you there's way more than just three or four people here tonight that have come through such difficult times in your life and it seemed like at the end of that thing that something moved for you and lifted you and helped you and you think why in the world didn't that come while I was in the middle of it. Do you understand what just happened to you? God just sent an angel to you and ministered strength to you because you were faithful. Now you see, had he done that while the test was going on, it would have not been the same. So he's trying us. He's testing us. And the angels of God are watching our journey and being taught by us. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. I want I want to share something with you and uh I'm going to put it up on the screen there. I have the brothers just so you can read it with me. Socrates and Theodor, another historian tell us of Theodoris, a m a martyr put to extreme torments by Julian the apostate and dismissed again by him when he saw him unconquerable. Now, Julian tried one thing and another and another and he finally just had to let this brother go cuz he was unconquerable. Now, I want you to notice that Rufenus tells us that he met this martyr a long time after this trial and he asked him whether the pain he felt were not insufferable. He answered that at first it was somewhat grievous. Wow. Somewhat grievous. But after a while there seemed to Oh, thank you, Lord. There seemed to stand by him a young man in white who with a soft and comfortable handkerchief wiped off the sweat of his body which through extreme pain and anguish was little less than blood. So this angel standing there with a soft handkerchief is wiping off this sweat which had become of a mixture of blood and bade him be of good cheer in so much as that it was rather a punishment than a pleasure for him to be taken off the rack. How many knows what the rack was? Few of you. All right. It was a long type of wooden table. They would lay you down on the rack. They would have places for your arms, places for your legs, sometimes places for your torso where they could tie you down. They would have a crank on this end where your legs were. They'd have another crank on this end. And they would tie your arms over your head like this. And they would tie your legs down. And they would start cranking. And they would crank and crank until you started screaming and hollering. And some of them they would pull their their arms and their legs out of joint. But if they did not recent and deny the Lord Jesus, they would keep pulling until they would pull their hands off of their arm or they would pull a foot off of their leg or so dislocate the hips that the legs would be pulled out of the sockets and the arms as well. Now, can you imagine a man receiving such divine comfort from an angelic being that he says it was actually torment to be took off the rack. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. In so much as that it was rather a punishment than a pleasure to him to be taken off the rack. since when the tormeners had done the angel was gone. Now notice, so the angel of God was sent down to this brother, you know, I mean, I've heard brother Random say, and whenever he preached, what was it, the third seal, I think, and he he set a box up on the on the uh platform there, the pull pit, and he set a box and he said, "I'm going to set this year to represent that." Now, what he was doing was preaching about an anointing for each church age. And he was talking about the martyrs and the things that they went through. And he said, "I I'll set this up here to represent that." And he said, "That's what they worked under." So the anointing of the first age and the second and the third and then of course we're under the seventh. But and I wondered about that, you know, h how did it work exactly that it it gave them strength, no doubt, and it gave them the ability to go through it. But it it never clicked to me personally. Maybe you already I'm slow sometimes. But whenever I read this account, it made it so much more real to me, brother Harvey, that God not only had an anointing that was upon the church, but God would send angels down there. Now, there's many more stories in Fox's book of martyrs. And what makes it amazing to me is that even the Roman emperors and those that would kill these saints of God. The great marvel was not how many dead that they raised and how many sick that they heal. one Roman writer after another, one after another. It was not just the signs of the supernatural that they took note of, but it's how they loved one another. And it wasn't just how much they loved Jesus. It was how much they loved one another. Oh my, preach, Brother Donnie. And yet we claim we have more than they did. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. But you think now that the angel of God was sent down there now to the tormentors who this was their profession. So this is what they did. You imagine they knew with so many cranks a normal human being on their right arm, their left arm, you know, their leg, whatever. A normal human being, they're going to break right there. And this brother just kept right on cranking. He just kept right on going and them cranking and cranking and cranking. And they're sitting there thinking, "What in the world? Can you believe what? I ain't never seen nothing like this in my entire life. I mean, you would think, well, what's such a big deal? Well, if this is your job all day long, popping people's shoulders and pulling their hips out and all that sort of thing and you're standing there and you done got this guy cranked to the max and he just lay there, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. And these people s say, "What in the world is going on?" And they took it to its max and then they had to crank him down and crank him down. And when they cranked him down, the angel of God left and they they sent message back up to this apostate guy and told him, "We've done cranked the thing as far as we can go. We don't know what else to do." Said, "Well, just let him go." But they finally got him back again. What was it? An angel that was sent to minister to our brother. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, you and I more than likely will never be put upon the wrath. But in one way, we face things more difficult in this day than what they did then. Now watch, let us look in Luke 1 11 at angelic visits. I just picked a few out of the scripture. Luke 1 7 11. And it was an angel that was standing at Zachcharias right hand. And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord. I want you to notice it does not categorize this angel as the angel of the Lord. The angel of the Lord. Several occurrences in the Old Testament describes this certain angelic appearance as the angel of the Lord. This is not the angel of the Lord, but an angel of the Lord. Now notice, there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing in on the right side of the altar of incense. And when Zacharias saw him, he was troubled, and fear fell upon him. But the angel said unto him, Fear not, Zacharias, for thy prayer is heard, and thy wife Elizabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name John, and thou shalt have joy and gladness, and many shall rejoice at his birth. I want you to notice what this angel does. So he calms him because of this supernatural visitation. But he also brings him a message that is going to affect him and many many more people as well. They will rejoice at his birth. But Satan also appears in a very similar way. Read Corinthians Zechariah 3:1. and he showed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the Lord and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him. So here is Joshua the high priest standing right before the angel of the Lord. The angel of the Lord. Not an angel but the angel of the Lord. Who is it? Christ, pre-incarnate Christ, the angel of the Lord. Now notice, he's right there in front of it and he looks over there and sees in this supernatural occurrence and Satan was standing at his right hand. You mean Satan would stand that close, that close to the angel of the Lord? &gt;&gt; And what is he there for? It said standing at his right hand to resist him and the Lord. Now it tells us who that angel was. And the Lord said unto Satan, the Lord rebuked thee. Notice it's not capital L, small O, small R, small D, but capital L, capital O, capital R, capital D. So it's God's name represented by his person. The Lord rebuke thee, oh Satan, even the Lord that hath chosen Jerusalem. Rebuke thee? Is not this a brand plucked out of the fire? Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments, and stood before the angel. And he answered and spake unto those that stood before him, said, Take away the filthy garments from him. And unto him he said, "Behold, I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of raignment." Now, who did this? Not the devil. The devil would want him to keep them old rags on because it produced a sense of uncleanness in the presence of God. But Satan loves that sort of thing. When children of God become defiled, whenever they become cold or indifferent and they get things in their life, Satan loves that. Oh, but it grieves the spirit of God. He cannot send it. He does not love that sing sort of thing at all. So, he said the angel of God is going to bring a clean change of clothes. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, guess what? If you didn't get what the angel brought, you still had on your dirty garments. &gt;&gt; I wonder if the seventh angel's message is going to be the same way in the last day. God sends another message with an angel, a divine presence to be able to back it up. Now notice, and I said, "Let him set a fair minor upon his head." So they set a fire matter upon his head and clothed him with garments and the angel of the Lord stood by. Time to crown somebody. So the angel of the Lord is watching over. Look also in Daniel 9 21. Yay. While I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabriel whom I had seen in the vision at the beginning being caused to fly swiftly touch me about the time of the evening oblation. And he informed me and talked with me. Now notice what these angels did. They would bring bits of information. They did not reveal everything especially to prophets. But it's like God would send an angel with a key to the prophet and the prophet would have an entrance or a door opened up in the supernatural realm. Then that brought the prophet into the divine place where he needed to be cuz this is God's mouthpiece on the earth, his prophet. Then once the angel opens the door, the an the angel of God could do that. But the angel of God could not be the prophesy. It must be a man on the earth. So he opens the doorway for the prophet Daniel. And then Daniel walks in and he informed me and talked with me and said, "Oh Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skill and understand him." And you know what Daniel was doing? He didn't stand up there and say, "Now I I'm saying what Jeremiah said. Just stand up and and quote Jeremiah chapter 1, chapter 2, chapter 3, chapter 4, chapter 5, chapter 6, and on down through 40, whatever it is there." and just said, "I'm saying what Jeremiah said. I I'm saying what the other brothers said. I ain't got nothing to say cuz I'm just saying what they say." And Daniel actually said things that Jeremiah didn't say. That's why God has a prophet on the earth cuz he has something that he's got to say for the time that he sends the prophet. And if God sends him, it's very important. &gt;&gt; And the church said, &gt;&gt; "So now watch." So the angels of God, they're sent to bring an open doorway. They are sent to bring and impart a message to the heavenly recipient. Then that that that heavenly recipient will come down and he will bring that message then to the earthly messenger and the earthly messenger will in turn bring it to the people. Now notice Gabriel did not go to every Jew in this land. He did not go to every one of them. Neither did the angel of the Lord appear to everybody under the administration of Joshua the high priest. But he came to the high priest alone. And then Joshua went to tell everybody else. So the angel of the Lord Gabriel came down to Daniel, anointed Daniel. Then Daniel was supposed to write it down. And Daniel was the one that shared the revelation with the people in his age. You understand? Now, this is not a pastor. This is not a bishop. This is not a just a good person that studied the Bible. No, God chooses who he wants to reveal these things to. I thank God for it myself. Don't you? But then there's other times when these angels would appear and they would minister not so much a new understanding or clarity of a word that already been said but actually strength just strength divine energy trying to energize you. Now watch in Luke chap 22 verse 43. And there appeared, this is the Lord Jesus, an angel unto him. Notice this time, by himself. So there's not several. One angel comes, and notice what he does. Now, there appeared an angel unto him from heaven strengthening. Not ministering. Not ministering. Strengthen him. Strengthen him. So this angel is coming to try to bring a strength that will add to the remaining strengths the Lord Jesus has left. Now, keep in mind that this is not just him, the son of God alone, but he's the head of the new race. He's setting up the type for his children. So, when you and I get in the garden, we'll never be, of course, like he was, but we get in our tests and our trials, and it seems as if though our strength is gone. I'm convinced, friends, God has sent us angels in our life. angels of God from another realm and just something happened to you. Something moved for you and your family. You didn't see it. Maybe you didn't feel anything, but there was just something that happened. And from that time, it's like you got a strength that you didn't have before. How many said it's happened to you? &gt;&gt; And there appeared an angel unto him from heaven strengthening him. Now man at the first was tempted by a fallen angel. So the temptations which will occur in our life and the numerous allurements and things that Satan will put before us or discouragements or whatever it is. Who do you figure is doing that? Well, it can't be these three realms up here. They're ordained to encourage us. So it's from the same source that Adam and Eve were tempted from in the beginning. So from the dark side down below our realm of time here on this dark side of malignancy and death and unbelief and opposition and darkness what is it? Fallen angels. &gt;&gt; Now if God would open our eyes tonight and let us look around this building. This building is full of angels. both good and bad. I mentioned it over at the camp, but brother Brandham talked about when he would cast out demons out of people, those demons would follow his meetings. So, say he was in Minneapolis and then thousands of people got delivered. Well, unless they picked up a new house where they were there in the Minneapolis meetings, they would follow him to the next location, wherever that was. We'll say Louisville, Kentucky. So then demons would actually go to that next meeting. You say, "Why in the world would David do that?" Because church depending on the church of course is a good place to pick up devils. &gt;&gt; Now it can be manufactured of course by the church or by the preacher or by people who are getting them cast out and you sat there and doubt and question and that's all it takes. Now I mentioned it to the youth over there and some of our youth were there. But if a person brother Joe just by doubting a promise and and you remember brother Brandham telling about the church of Christ man and his people that sat around the table and he was going to come up and try to trick brother Brandon and whenever he walks up there hands him a prayer card. And you know brother Brandham read the prayer card and the man was getting ready to expose him. So he thought and he thought that brother Random had a trick going. But before he could ever pull his trick, Brother Random told him, "I see you and 28 of your people sitting doing so and so and so. Now every one of you have got what you wrote on your prayer card. Cancer, TB, all kinds of things." Now what happened? The demon of cancer, the demon of TB, the demon of whatever more entered into those people right then &gt;&gt; because of what? Their unbelief. &gt;&gt; Now, I want you to think then if if a person would disbelieve and could pick up a fallen spirit like that, what in the world has taken us 47 years to get the Holy Ghost? Why in the world if people can get a demon like that and get it that quick? Now you imagine when brother Random would cast out epilepsy. He said that was the only one that would get away from him. Now he would tell the people to be silent, to be respectful to God, bow their heads, and be real reverent. That was a word that he used over and over again. Why? Because that spirit's going to leave. And when that epileptic devil would go out, he's looking for a house. He's looking for a house. Or a who at Word of Life don't like the sermons tonight. Who at Word of Life is mad? Who at Word of Life is not living right? They're they're they're sneaking around a little bit and doing this and that and the other. You imagine you go to church to hear the words. You go to church to clap your hands and sing. and you go there and you're sitting there with unbelief or an attitude and the spirit leaves somebody and you walk out of there with a demon. &gt;&gt; Woo! &gt;&gt; Going to church is serious, ain't it? &gt;&gt; Having the right attitude serious. &gt;&gt; Now think of it then. God knew that there would be these righteous angels, elect angels which he could use to influence, strengthen, help his people. So they're the pure ones and they have this divine ability, but no doubt they're limited. They cannot preach. Of course, they do a much better job than any preacher. You ain't never heard a perfect preacher yet. Never will. But these fallen malignant fellow angels, they try to come and bring us down and wear us out as Daniel said they do. And troubles and worries and fears and anxieties right here in this place tonight. There's a warfare. &gt;&gt; The angels of God are here at their post of duty. &gt;&gt; You know where it's at. You know where their post of duty is? Standing by you saints. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; Now they're not just on the pulpit. Even though they're here, they was not just with brother Brandham, but they are here to support us to strengthen us. So the angels of God can support us in affliction. But remember, there's certain conditions in your home that are required for the angels to feel welcome. Homes that read and pray, read the Bible and pray and live close to God. &gt;&gt; That's the kind of homes angels can visit. That's the kind of homes we want, is it not? Now notice they bring they bring comfort. Whenever the Lord Jesus ascended up to heaven in Acts chapter 1:9, "And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up, and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while they looked steadfastly toward the heaven, as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel, which also said, you men of Galilee, I stand you gazing up into the heaven. This same Jesus which is taken up from you into heaven shall come in like manner as you have seen him go into heaven. Now, why are they therefore? to bring comfort. Can you imagine how sad they are? Jesus has been telling them over and over again, "Boys, I'm leaving. I'm leaving. I'm tell you, I'm leaving." And now at hand, Brother Matthew, they realize, "Oh no. Oh no. He's leaving. We won't see him again. We won't we won't see him again." Uh-huh. Maybe like some of our loved ones. And what did God do? Hallelujah. Send angels down there. Not to bring Jesus back, but to comfort him until he come back. &gt;&gt; Can I have just a few more minutes? Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, the angels of God don't just help us in our journey as Christians, but one of the important parts of their call and their vocation is when they get ready to leave this world. Luke 16:22. And it came to pass that the beggar died and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom. And the rich man also died and was buried. Did you ever notice in reading that verse, it doesn't say that the beggar was even buried? Do you understand? For some of the extreme poor people, they didn't even bury him. They'd throw him out in the barren land. The jackals, whatever more, would eat them. The beggar was so poor, he didn't even have enough money put back for a funeral service. But I want you to notice the difference in their departure. And it came to pass that the beggar died and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom. The rich man also died &gt;&gt; and was buried, &gt;&gt; not carried by angels. Now, I know it's a realm that we know so little about. Now, keep in mind when you're studying of our passing and merging from time over into eternity and especially when you're listening to brother Brandham tell about the dreams and then tell about the experience that beyond the curtain of time. Now remember in the dream it was he sees his daughter. He sees out west and he sees a a broken wheel, a wagon wheel. You remember that? That was his family circle that was broken. And then he's walking down this road and he sees this beautiful young woman and he walks by her and she says, "Hello, daddy." And he turns around and looks at her and says, "Ma'am, how could I be your daddy when you're as old as I am?" He said, "Daddy, don't you know me in Earth? I was your little daughter, Sharon Rose." He said, "Daddy, little babies, there are no little babies here. They don't get old. They don't age." Everybody's one age up there. &gt;&gt; Broke into the fountain of youth, ain't we? &gt;&gt; Praise God. Ain't no old people invited to that meeting. It's youth youth meeting for eternity. &gt;&gt; Now she he stops in the dream and talks to her and she tells him, "Mama, mama's on up at your house. You got a new house." He said, "New house." I said, "Brandom don't we don't live in a house. We're vagabonds." This is his word now, life story. Vagabonds. He said, "Well, mama mama's waiting for you." Well, he said, "You coming along?" Said, "No, I'm saying you're waiting for Billy." So when he walks up and he sees this this house and hope comes out to meet him. Now you know what what can be confusing to people is when he goes beyond the curtain of time into the sixth dimension his wife comes to him and says my precious brother. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And people think in their mind that's what eternity will be. But remember the sixth dimension is not the seventh. &gt;&gt; It's only a holding place. &gt;&gt; You will know as you are known. &gt;&gt; Brother Jim is not going to be a hello brother. Sister Linda. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Calvin won't be a hello brother. Sister Barbara, &gt;&gt; remember when he went beyond the curtain of time, he actually did not die to get there. &gt;&gt; So God interrupted the natural process for him to show him and translate him over there so he did not come by the way of death. So he does not mention angels packing him because he didn't die. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. So, in the sixth dimension, people that are there, it's not like that husbands and wives are holding hands and running around there in the sixth dimension, it's it's a special place where it's brother, sister, brother, sister. But when he was carried up there had the dream, then what did he see? He saw what he said that heaven would be some years later a continuation of this same life. So you see if you by God's grace got your perfect mate in this life ought to be thanking God every day of your life if that happened to you. And it's not like that when you get there, y'all will just pass and say, "Hi, brother." And he'll look over at you, "Hello, sister." No, the sixth dimension was a special place for people who have not yet entered into the glorified bodies. You remember they told him, he said, he's curious. He said, "Do y'all eat here? Do y'all eat here? Or are these Brandhams?" You see, he had not yet become the word. Had he died, he would have entered into the word foreign body. He wouldn't have been asking them questions. He'd already know the answers. Death would have burst him into the answers. But he was translated up there. So he's asking all these questions. Well, these are your the you've been joined with your people. Oh, these are Brandhams. These are not Brandhams. These are your converts that you've led to Christ. But you see, didn't know. Don't you know that? Don't you know that beautiful woman? You was admiring her. Don't you remember her? No, I don't remember. You led her to Christ when she was past 90. So he did not know all things. So therefore, in the sixth dimension, they said, "No, we don't eat here, but one day you'll be judged. And if you're accepted, and you will be, &gt;&gt; that's where I hang my soul, brother, sister, following the message of the hour. Now, for those of you who want to pull me away, uh when was the last visit you had to the sixth dimension? Come and tell me and we'll sit down and talk. But until you do, I'm going to follow a man who's been there. Well, I don't believe it. I don't care what you believe or don't believe. That has no effect on me. &gt;&gt; I believe it it to be the truth. &gt;&gt; Now notice while there the angels of God, he doesn't mention sing them. He doesn't mention sing the zoons. He was not allowed to see Jesus. So the sixth dimension, even though it's sublime and perfect, but what did they tell him? This is what you preached was the Holy Ghost. Perfect love. And so I thought I I I've got to make everybody come here. I I've got to do whatever I want to do. And and he started feeling this funny feeling. He was moving on the body on the bed. Now remember, he wasn't but 20 feet from his body. and he saw his body moving and he said, "No, no, no. Don't tell me I've got to go back. Thank God he come back." &gt;&gt; And remember, this is 1960. The seals hadn't been preached yet. There's a lot more stuff, Brother Jack. It had to be done. Why is it that God allowed our messenger to go? I I can't say I have the answer to that, but I'm just so glad that he did. When Paul went up there, Paul saw things he couldn't even tell what he ever saw. Luther never did go. Wesley never did go. The old blinded colored guy that had the the one eye that's really bad kind of the founder of the Isuza street move. He never went. Wonder why God wanted to send our messenger over there and come back, brother Skippa, and let us know. We must have needed encouragement about that realm and what it's like. &gt;&gt; Oh my. I want you to notice now and we'll close. So no grave, no funeral. He might not have had a friend in this life. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The poor beggar, but now not one but plural angels come to pack him to Abraham's bosom. And remember, Abraham's bosom was not up this way then cuz Jesus hadn't died. So it was down this way, kept there. Not in the regions of the lost, but kept their next is called paradise. Maybe people wouldn't even speak to him. But his passing meant so much in this parable that God dispatched angels. You realize all of our loved ones that have been ready to go and meet the Lord Jesus. We might not have seen them. Oh, I've stood by the bed of many of them, held their hands, wept with them, their family, and you can feel it. Oh, yeah. You can definitely feel it. That presence and something comes in like a wind sometimes and they're gone. Oh, praise God. For you see, when you broke forth from the womb, an angel identified itself with you. And when you took the first breath of life, there was an angelic spirit hanging around your mother. which was your angel. &gt;&gt; We'll pick it up next time. &gt;&gt; Let's stand. &gt;&gt; Let me just give you a little appetizer. Brothers, jump down to question answers 1964. Explain about each person's angel who abides with them from birth. Now, if you notice, this is pretty deep. Now, he talks a lot, so I I went down through there and cut part of this out. If you want to read the whole thing, you can. Now, it isn't promised that sinners has angels. It's only the redeemed &gt;&gt; that has angels. Did you know that the angels of the Lord encamp about those that fear him? Angels are messengers. I want you to notice it's so perfect and it'll prove predestination to you. Now, while this little body is being formed, the little natural body being formed in the mother, there is a spiritual body of the earth ready to receive this natural body as soon as it is born. Now the baby is born with live muscles, a beating heart, but no breath of life in it. Its muscles twitching. See, then there was something different from that. If there wasn't a spirit that come into it later, then our breaths could leave us and we would breathe no more and still be alive. But when this body doesn't receive oxygen or breath, intake and outtake of our lungs, then we're dead. Notice a mother. She could be ever so mean and cruel, but just before that baby's born, there's a certain kindness that sets in. Did you ever notice a mother when she's to be mother, there's something sweet about her. She takes on that sweetness. It's because that little angel, that little spirit, a little messenger to this little tabernacle is ready to come forth into the world. Then when this little angel comes into the body, it's a little angel of the earth, a spirit that's ordained of God to take this body. Then that baby has to have a choice. It makes its decision. Then when this takes place, then you see the angel of the Lord now comes in here which is a spiritual body that eternal. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. Well, brother Donnie, I've got a different opinion from that. Well, I'll tell you what. After you've had angelic visions, you've raised the dead, you've cast out devils, you've stomped storms, you've done all the things that he's done, come save me. &gt;&gt; But until that happens, I'm going to keep on preaching this. &gt;&gt; Now, this is a dying spirit and a dying body. Now, you can't be in two bodies at one time, but there can be two natures in you. at one time. &gt;&gt; Praise God. So whatever you have need of here tonight, saints, every time we enter into church, the war is set. The angels of God are here trying to energize. The word was the prophet that the prophet used. He even said it in question answers that your own glorified condition, your angel is here in the tabernacle this morning trying to send a charge through you like a battery. &gt;&gt; You ever crank your old car? That's the way the poor song leader is. He getting up here. It helps so much if y'all if nothing else be like the Flintstonones. Put your feet down and push this car and make it go. At least clap your hands. Do something. Children, how many times have we been in the house of God around other saints of God and their angels were also there and we walked in so low and so despondent and we walked out of their feelings so different. Maybe didn't feel one thing on our flesh, but something happened to us. &gt;&gt; God sent your glorified condition &gt;&gt; to get close enough to you to hook up the jumper cables. and just say, "Stand still long enough." And there you were. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; I believe I can make it. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Life is good. &gt;&gt; And God is good. &gt;&gt; What was it? Your body come near you cuz you're so low and you needed a charge. Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; Maybe some of you is in that state tonight. The angels of God are here. The angels of darkness are also here. They're here and they're saying, "Keep him from believing. Keep him from believing." &gt;&gt; Tell them to watch the clock. 5:30 comes early in the morning. You may not even see 5:30 in the morning. &gt;&gt; This on your mind, that on your mind. The angel of God saying, "Listen, be attentive, have faith, believe, trust." What are they doing? Building faith, trying to energize you to get you to that place so they can simply open the door and you walk into your miracle. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads with no one looking around, please. How many has a need tonight in your life? Physical, spiritual, financial, whatever it is, trouble in your home, trouble at your work, trouble your school, you believe Jesus is mindful of you. Do you believe the angels of God can go with you, young people that are in the university? You believe the angel of God can go with you at your medical office where you work, whatever it is that you do? Sure they can. Now, think of it. The Bible, the way the Bible says it is that they camp about you. Brother Ram said they don't come and go and quoting the scripture. They're with you all the time. &gt;&gt; They camp near you. It's their personal charge from Almighty God. If you have a need tonight, would you just raise your hand there before the Lord? Lord, be mindful of me. You see what I have need of. Maybe yours is not so much your own personal need. Maybe it's your wife, maybe your son, your daughter, a business transaction you're facing tomorrow. Whatever it is, praise God, Lord Jesus, as we bow our heads to the dust of the earth from whence these bodies were taken. But we're so grateful that a great transformation has happened since our bodies left the earth. I'm so glad when my mama was packing me. Her and daddy both just kids themselves, married a little over a year, 18 and 19. Mama was already a sweet person anyway. But no doubt when it come close time for me to be born. Lord, that little shack used to stand on the side of the Purdue Road, which was a gravel road. I've drove by there many times after mom and daddy told me that I was brought home from the hospital there. Holes in the walls, but that didn't hinder the angel from coming around. Thank God. Lord Jesus, how many times have I been in spots and I thought, my my how am I going to get out of this and suddenly a way was made? No doubt it was the angel of the Lord. I hope people will leave this place tonight and those that'll stream it and go to thinking back in their lives. Would you bring it back to their memory? this event and that event and other events when the angel of God might have been sitting in a doctor's room when they had just heard a terrible, terrible report from an MRI or a CT scan and all of a sudden a presence just enveloped them and the fear of the word cancer left them right there in the doctor's office. Praise God. Lord, I believe your angels can still come to bring encouragement tonight, Father. &gt;&gt; Lord, I'm doing pretty good myself right now. I'm not too low. And Lord, I'm not going through a whole lot of things right now in life. So, Father, I pray for my brothers and sisters with all of my heart. Oh God, that you'd minister to them. Help them tonight. Father, I pray to realize they don't need their pastor to pray for them every time they're down and weary, but if they could understand all they need to do is come to you and ask you to charge their angel. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. To give them strength and minister to them and helps them. May they realize if I'm a thousand miles from here, if I'm in New Zealand or South Africa, wherever I'm at, their angel didn't fly on that plane with me. Their angel is still with them. Father, if we could get this, it would bring such a calm when our babies break out with fever, when storms hit our lives. It would bring such a calm and an assurance in our heart that the angels of the Lord are here in our home. When Jacob that day met the angel of God and after that visitation, Jacob called the name of that place Mayanim. May Hanahan, the camp of the two hosts. Two host, his earthly one and your heavenly one. But both of them merged together in one name. May an may our church, may our homes, may it be similar to the same thing. Lord, we are the host of the Lord, the earthly host. But around us, there's a great servant prophet whenever he stood there and the servant was so afraid and he said, "Oh, master, master, look at there, how many there are chariots and horsemen and all." He said, "Lord God, open up this boy's eyes." And he looked around and he saw horses as fire and chariots of fire, angels setting everywhere. And he said, "There's more with us than they are with them. We may feel outnumbered in this world, a bunch of blind, wretched, naked Leodysans. But open our eyes tonight, Father, and let us see there's way more of us than they are with them." Hallelujah. We worship you tonight, Lord God. I believe your angels are at their post of duty, standing near your saints. Minister now, Father, to your children, I pray in the name of Jesus. Sing something for us. Hey, can we just worship now a little bit before before we go? Still a little bit early yet. So, just a few minutes before 9. I won't keep you too long. But if you could only look around this place and see who's here. See who's here. What beings were here when you come in and what beings come in with you? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Father, we do not believe in angel worship. &gt;&gt; We worship only you, &gt;&gt; but we believe they are at our disposal. Father, &gt;&gt; may the angels of the Lord pass through this congregation tonight. medicine, the weary, &gt;&gt; the closing us. &gt;&gt; Granted, I pray for them. Lord, I pray for Elelliana home sick tonight. Father, they want to be in church. &gt;&gt; Wonderful. &gt;&gt; The spirit of God to her tonight, Lord. And now I know in the name of Jesus he touch me and leave me home. Well, let's worship him now. You see I was shackled by fever. I was beneath the Lord of tears and she [Music] was in the hand of Jesus touch me and now I am no longer the same. For he touched me. Oh, he touched me. Oh, and all the joy that floods my soul. Something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. He touched me. Oh, he touched me. [Music] [Applause] And all the joy that floods my soul. [Music] Something happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. Since I met this blessed savior and sins he cleans and made me whole. [Music] I will never cease to praise him. I'll shout it while eternal ro for he touched me. Oh, he touched me. Oh, and oh, the joy that floods my soul. Oh, something has happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. Oh, he touched me. Oh Jesus, touch me. [Music] And oh, the joy that floods my soul. There's something wonderful heaven and I know he touched me and made me whole. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. [Music] And all the joy that my soul [Music] something [Music] and I know he touched me and made me [Music] Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. We worship you father. Thank you Lord God. Thank you Lord God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] I'm kind of homesick [Music] for a country to which I've never been before. Oh no sad goodbyes [Music] will there be spoken for time won't mattering anymore. [Music] I'm longing for you. And someday I'll say where my home shall be. &gt;&gt; Oh hallelujah. Eternal Oh, you sweet. Oh, he's watching. I'm looking. I'm looking oh across across the river to where my children your faith will live inside. &gt;&gt; You won't need faith no more. It won't need the blood no more. Just a few more days to labor. Oh, thank God. And I will take my rapture, &gt;&gt; my rapture fly. Oh, everybody sing it now. With all your heart, you land longing for you. Thank you, Jesus. on me. I'll say that's where my home shall be. eternal. Thank you, Jes. Oh, hallelujah. Let's sing it together again, everybody with all your heart. Thank God. Oh, glory to God. I'm longing for you and someday on thee I'll stand. That's where my hope shall be. You love sweet you lamb. [Music] Think of it. The prophet said, "When we stand there that day, the angels will circle the earth with bowed heads as we're singing about redemption and grace and mercy cuz they don't understand what we're singing about." What a day that'll be, friends. &gt;&gt; Can we sing together Amazing Grace before we go? Don't you appreciate grace tonight? I'm leaving. Amazing. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound [Music] that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank God. Thank you, Lord. that taught that taught my heart my heart to fear and don't you know it was great. How precious still that grace appear. Hallelujah. Praise God together. Everybody praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise him. &gt;&gt; Praise God. God praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] through many days to snares. I have all so much stuff together. Come gra and pilord. it on your own. They raise how sweet the sound like me on was but Oh, thank God. Now I see it this way. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. Oh, we shall wear a crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new J. We'll wear a crown. We'll wear a crown. We'll wear a crown and shine. My brother, when the battle's over, we shall wear the crown and that new Jerusalem. Just a little nugget for you to think about as you're driving home. Angels get no reward. Angels get no crown of all they've went through, of all they've dealt with for thousands of years. And the scripture me mentions no reward, no crown set upon their head. You get the reward. You get the crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. [Music] Oh, we shall wear a crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. And Jerusalem. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music]
