Date: 1953-11-04
Title: Deep Calleth Unto The Deep
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Sports Center
Location: Owensboro, KY
Duration: 64 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 53-1104

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 ... friend of mine, runs herds of cattle in there for the...?... oh, eight or ten years, up on the Arapaho Forest. And there's something about nature that calls out. Any man could look right in the face of nature and say there's no God... And how that God makes the hills... We were walking (The snow was beginning to melt.), walking along the side of the mountain. This great, tall, gruff man, at eight years ago when I met him was a perfect infidel, said there was no such a thing as God. And oh, it was about thirty minutes later, led him to Jesus Christ. He is a humble Christian. He turned and threw his arms around me, and he dropped his gun on the ground, had been crying. He said, "Billy, I--I brought you up here for one purpose"; he said, "I wanted to go to church today." 'Course you have to know their language. It was a church, just as much as I was ever in, in my life: a big, great cathedral of the forest. And there, both of us on our knees, with our heads bowed to the ground, miles... We'd walked thirty miles that day to get to the summit. In this great cathedral where the winds were blowing, God was there. And both of us weeping like babies. Why? Something inside of us called for that. And if there's something calling for that, there's got to be something to respond to that.

L-2 Some time ago, let's say fifty years ago, or a hundred years ago, we'd say: if someone would've said there was such a thing as electricity or lights, they'd have been laughed at. But there was a man named Benjamin Franklin, who got a kite, put a key on the end of it, and went fishing in the sky, because there was something in him that told him that when this light would flash, it would light. So they'd...?... took some time; he knowed it was static electricity. And he caught it in a bottle. And many of you all people, remember in your grammar school education, when he got it in the bottle, he begin to scream, "I got it, I got it." He'd had it, but he didn't know what he had. That's the way many Christians are today. When he gets saved and gets--Jesus forgives your sins, you say, "I got it," but you don't know what you got. That's as far as Benjamin Franklin took it. But what was God doing then? He was fixing to reveal to the world electricity. He had a Benjamin Franklin to do it.

L-3 Then He had a fellow by the name of Thomas Edison, wasn't satisfied with, "I got it." He said, "If--if I've got it, it's got benefits for me." As David said, "Who... Forget not all of His benefits." So Thomas Edison, tireless nights, tried tens of thousands of wires. And he'd try one wire; it wouldn't work on that kind. He couldn't get the current to follow the wire. He tried another, another, another. Was he defeated? Certainly not. He couldn't be defeated. He couldn't be; there was something inside of him told him that that would light. And he believed it with all of his heart. And before... If he believed it like that, it--it's got to happen. There's a deep a calling to a deep; there's a deep to respond to it. There's something had to light. With a cup of coffee and a sandwich, he'd work all night. If one wire didn't work, he wasn't discouraged, like many of you Christians get. We ought to be ashamed of ourselves calling ourselves Christians who believe in the great Jehovah. The promises that He gives and the benefits He's got for us, and the first little discouragement we throw it away. But not Thomas Edison, he believed that they would light. No matter if he was called crazy, but that didn't stop him. He believed it would light. And he kept on until he proved that it would light, and he gave the world electricity. Well, electricity's been here all the time. We've always had electricity, but they didn't know nothing about it until we had a Thomas Edison and a Benjamin Franklin.

L-4 And friends, there's something in my heart that tells me that God is a Healer. And if there was not even a Bible or anything to--to confirm it any more, as deep as I believe it in my heart, there'd have to be a healing fountain somewhere. Before there could be a deep call, there has to be a deep to respond to that call. In other words, I read in the paper sometime ago, where a little boy--little boy, ate the rubbers off the erasers--erasers off the pencils, rather. And he eat the rubber pedal off of a bicycle. Well, they couldn't understand. They taken him to the doctor, and they sent him to a clinic, and the little fellow--fellow's body needed sulfur. Well, if--if--if there's something in here calling for sulfur, there's got to be a sulfur to respond to that call. See what I mean? The little boy 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min was taken from the ground where there was sulfur, their bodies was take from the ground. And there was something in here a lacking sulphur and calling for sulfur, so there had to be a sulfur first, the positive, before there could be the negative. And when he called, then they put sulfur in his body, it satisfied.

L-5 An operation was performed on a woman here sometime, having a postmortem. The woman would eat as many as twenty onions a day. And the doctor taken her off of them; they said she just--it'd kill her. And when the doctor took her off of onions, it killed her. And when doing the postmortem they found a lump of some sort in her. And they took that lump and put it in--in water, and put onions in this water, and it would dissolve the onion. The woman couldn't help it. There was something craving it: a deep calling.

L-6 How many in here believe in Divine healing? Let's see your hand. Well, that's the very proof that there's a fountain open somewhere: the deep calling to the deep. And God, tonight... I've--I've believed it all my life; by God's grace He's brought me to confirm it. And tonight I'm still twisting wires. I've found two wires that'll bring the visible power of God for Divine healing into the individual. That's two things I find. One of them is love. The other is faith. And they're sweethearts. And when love gets married to faith, love always accompanies faith. When you love God enough to know that He can't lie to you, it'll create a faith in there, that'll make you believe His Word, and every Word He said is positive Truth, and you accept It with an unadulterated faith that won't say no, it'll produce just exactly what He said It would do. The deep calleth to the deep. "Forget not all of His benefits. Who forgiveth all of thine iniquities, Who healeth all of thy diseases."

L-7 In the church, God has set people in the church for different things. Some of them are teachers, apostles, prophets, gifts of healing, speaking with tongues, interpretation of tongues, and different gifts that He, God, has set them in the church as it pleased Him; all for one purpose: to edify the body, to edify the church, to bring it together, to make us love Him more. And for my part tonight is a Divine revelation of a Son of God that by sovereign grace and election, God lives. Seeing visions is just as common unto me as it would be for you to get hungry. It's a nature. And there's where the churches has failed today, and many... I say it with reverence, brother and sister, that when we try to be something that we are not... You can't make your eyes green when they're brown. "Who taking thought can add one cubit to his statue?" Gifts and callings are without repentance.

L-8 People are born to be singers. Sometime ago I was buying my little girl a little piano for Christmas. She seemed like she's kinda inclined to be--play music. And I was standing... And the wife cannot play either. And I was trying to pick out a chord on the little thing. And a little boy came up to me about eight years old, his little shoes off his feet, his little hair needed trimming very bad, it was down on his shoulders, old ragged coat on, and he stood and looked at me a little bit, said, "What are you trying to do, mister?" I said, "I'm trying to make this chord." He said, "Let me have it." Well, I thought, "What would a poor little ignorant child like that know about that piano?" Oh, my, he was a master with it, could play anything he wanted to. Well, I looked at him. He walked over to one of those little xylophones, and he picked her up and played, "Silent Night." I never heard anything like it. And then he took a--about a six or eight inch piece of gas pipe, laying there in the hardware store and blowed "The Star Spangled Banner" through that gas pipe. I said, "Son, did you ever have a music lesson?" Said, "What's that?" See? He was born a musician. He didn't pretend to know how to do it. But that's true with a instrument, the piano, whatever it would be. Far as it making a noise, it would be all right to me; but the master knows just how much to tighten the strings. There's something in him tells him that. And that's the way gifts are; they're just natural. To see a vision, doesn't make you well, but it is a help to you. It helps set the church in its place.

L-9 For instance on... How many of you, you've... How many of you ever dreamed a dream, let see your hands, that dreamed a dreams? Well, now it seems just--at--at least two thirds of you. There's people who doesn't dream dreams at 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min all. Now, the person... Listen closely. The person who dreams a dream is not ...?... down. A Dream is a subconscious. Let's say the normal man, here's his first conscious, and here's his subconscious. Now, when this one becomes inactive, this one is active. Now, you people that's dreamed a dream, you dreamed dreams years ago that you still remember today, very prominently. Is that right? Well, there was some part of you somewhere, because you still... It isn't conscious now, you remember the things you saw in some other conscious. Now, God dwells in there, and He speaks many times through dreams. He said He would with old men in the last days. But it's not too accurate. Joseph dreamed dreams, King Nebuchadnezzer. But if there's not an interpreter, is no interpreter, dreams are not too accurate. Now, that's his subconscious though. Here's your first; there's your second.

L-10 Now, what about that man who doesn't dream a dream? His subconscious would be way back like back at the wall. And he never gets through it. He sleeps sound, nothing alarms him. Now, he can't help it 'cause he doesn't dream a dream. And neither can this one help because he does dream a dream. What if you people dream dreams, if I'd say to you, "Dream me a dream." You couldn't do it. It'd be impossible. Now, oh, friend, a seer... Now, God made you so you'd dream a dream. Many of the others maybe would not dream a dream. But a seer, a prophet, is not something, lay hands on and work...?... a prophet, a prophet is borned from birth. Gifts and callings without repentance.

L-11 Jesus Christ was the Son of God from the garden of Eden. Moses was born in the world a prophet, a right child. John the Baptist, seven hundred and twelve years before he was borned was the voice of one crying in the wilderness: Isaiah saw him. God told Jeremiah, Jeremiah, 1:4, before you was even formed in your mother's womb, I knew you, and sanctified you, and ordained you a prophet to the nations. But you see, it's without repentance. Now, this man who dreamed a dream can't help it. The man who doesn't dream a dream can't help it. But a seer, his subconscious is neither back there, nor is it here; it's right here. He doesn't go to sleep to dream; he just breaks from one...?... to the other wide awake. He can't help that. He just can't do that on his own will. It's God.

L-12 But then if--if you're given a gift, and don't use it for the glory of God, then God's going to make you answer for it at the day of judgment...?... without any of His blessing. I hear on the radio down in the middle part of the country here a man named Mr. Foley. Been going by his surname or given name: Red. He sang a tune throughout here not long ago called "Peace in the Valley." What a marvelous voice? But what's he using it for? God will require that. Bless Stuart Hamilton, that was converted in our Brother Graham's meeting out in California, movie star, God blessed him, and let him write a--or sing a record, "Is No Secret What God Can Do" and it's taken the first place in all the songs in the--in the nation. Beautiful words...?... one sings for Christ. God makes us answer for our talent.

L-13 As a little baby of about three months old, born in a little cabin up here in Burkesville, Kentucky, a little old...?... looking cab--cabin with clapboard shingles. My mother was laying on a straw tick with a shuck pillow. Perhaps there's many you Kentuckians here tonight who don't even know what that means--a straw tick, a shuck pillow: shucks picked out and put in a pillow case. A little bed built in the side the house with no floor in the cabin. A stump cut off about that big around with three legs, used for a table. A piece taken off of an old side of a barn to make a bench to eat on: poor. My mother was fifteen and my daddy was eighteen. A window that you don't have no glass in it, just push the little door like that, and that's the window. That was the place that God gave me my life. When the midwife... We were forty miles from a doctor. When the midwife washed me and laid me on my mother's arm, she opened the window. It was about five o'clock in the morning for the first break of the day the...?... she wanted to look at her child; and through that came the Light. Everybody begin to cry.

L-14 At about fifteen, eighteen months old I had my first vision. I was standing near a little branch and something spoke to me from the bush and said you're going to live near a city called New Albany. I've spent my life there. Two years later we moved. On and on, ministers discouraged me when I got to be a man. Said it was of the devil. But one glorious night when I 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min was trying to pray, and telling the Lord that I loved Him, and I didn't want to be wrong. I wanted to do what was right. And I asked Him to take it away from me. Here come a Man walking across the floor; He told me what was truth. Sent from the Presence of God. Told me go around the world, pray for kings and monarchs and so forth. I was then a Baptist preacher, belonged to the Missionary Baptist church. When I told the bishop that, he laughed in my face, said I had a nightmare. I laid my credentials on his desk. I said, "If that's the way the Baptist church thinks about it, I'll serve God." I know nothing about other people who would believe it. But I knowed if God had sent it, God had somebody to receive it.

L-15 I started off. You know the story, and tonight I'm here in my home state where I was born. I love it. I love its people. And I'm here to do my best to represent Him Who loved us and has redeemed us from our sins by the washing of His Blood by His Word. And I say with David, "Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all of His benefits; Who forgives all of our iniquities, Who healeth all thy diseases." My Christian friends, by a Divine gift tonight, if I can represent Jesus Christ to you, and you can believe on Him a little stronger, heal your sickness, and sinner, He'll forgive you of your sins, I'll be a very happy man when I lay down on the pillow tonight. If I shall not rise tomorrow, God sees fit, I've done my best; and I've told the truth. I've been honest. The gift of God has been tested in every nation, under every demon power that could come up. Through all kinds of demonology and scientists, and then it's--it's went through the fiery pit. There hasn't been a time but what God has come out victorious and overrode. I've been...?... to be sincere with you as my fellow citizens of the kingdom of God in central...?... Kentucky, and may God bless you. May the Angel of God Who's fed me all my life and brought me to this spot, may He come present tonight and confirm that I've told you the truth; that's my prayer, while we bow our heads.

L-16 Dear Lord, from the depths of my heart I said these few words to these fine people. Many of them are poor people that...?... we're all...?... for our...?... and our souls, knowing that soon we're to lay down, leave it all, cross over the river. And someday I too get to come down there. As beginning to know the years are slipping on, I know it's getting closer and closer. And some...?... day I've got to come down to the crossing. Father, I've asked You long ago not to let me have trouble at the river. I want to go over peaceful at that time. And when I preach my last sermon, prayed for the last sick person, closed the Bible, I've fought my way through every briar patch, over every hill, taking every...?... and all extra, and maybe an old man, as Branhams usually do, break down with palsy, shakes. I can see myself standing yonder, stooped over as an old sick man on a cane...?... but when...?... the Jordan's bank I face, I know I must go. And Father, I want to lay the helmet down on the shore, stick the sheaf--the sword back in the...?... of His benefits, I want to cross over, click out the light bulb, let me come over home, Lord, to a better land. And there may I meet every one that's in this meeting tonight, happy, immortal bodies. They'll never pray for sick no more, for there'll never be no sickness or no sorrow. And, Father, while we're here in this battle of life, let us be strong and courageous, knowing that just across the water yonder lays the...?... for eternity. And help us to come at that day as great warriors with battle scars all over us, showing the results of a battle. Must I be carried home to heaven On a flowery bed of ease, While others fought to win the prize, And sail through bloody seas? Said the poet. God, let us come that way. Just keep us. Now, tonight, may the Holy Spirit come; may the angels of God encamp about every one here. May the great power of the resurrected Lord Jesus just shadow over. May the angels of God split their wings over this building; and they distill dewdrops of Divine healing drop on every sick person. May pardon from sin drop on every sinner and may they be saved and be healed. For we ask it in the Name of Thy beloved Child, Jesus Christ. Amen.

L-17 We left some hundred from last night? Well, let's get the last part of it tonight. Let's get... Who got prayer card 85? 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min (It's about nine...?...) [Brother Branham speaks to someone--Ed.] Who's got 85, prayer card 85? See? Turn them over; it's a little bitty blue card. It's got a number on the back of it and a letter. And it says... Got your name and address on the front. Prayer card 85? Raise up your hand. Who has prayer card... Have I missed it? Oh. 85? 86? 86, raise up your hand. Come over this way, lady. 86, who has prayer card 86? All right. 87? 88? 89? 90? Line up just those up to a 100. And see if you got them all, 'cause sometimes people are deaf and can't hear, and they miss their turn in the prayer line. Look at your neighbor's card. Come right down here if you will, sister, and line up right down this way. Now, if somebody's unable... Look around; if there's somebody... If they're unable to, if their number's called and you're unable to get here, we have ushers to pack them up here. And then somebody may be deaf and can't hear... And someone help him down there, if you will, one of you, and help him count and see if he's got... Oh, he's all right? He's doesn't have a card. Thank you for the... All right. And... All right. While they're getting them lined up, let's see if we got every one lined up all right.

L-18 Let's sing this good old song, not "Only Believe." Let's just raise up our hands and say, "Now I believe. Right now, Lord. Now I believe." Would you do it with me everywhere? Now, come on. Now I believe, now I believe, All things are possible, now I believe; Now I believe, now I believe, All things are possible, now I believe.

L-19 Can you imagine that drama, see Him coming down the hill yonder, three men was with Him: Peter, James, and John. They'd been up on Mount Transfiguration. I see a father that's got a child who's got epilepsy. They called it a devil. That's what it is. Brother Bosworth probably hit something, now, don't... Make sure teaching, 'cause you got to know what sickness is, and what the results, and how to get rid of it. If you don't, it'll leave you right here. I'll assure you that. But if you don't know how to fight Satan, it'll come right back to you. I seen men who...?... heal and read this Bible, being totally blind for twenty years, and in two or three days come back just as blind as they was in the first place. You don't understand. Got to know how to do it, how to take ahold, how to hold to God, and what diseases are. They're devils.

L-20 Now...?... Jesus comes down here to the man with the boy...?... He says, "He... Oft times the devil takes him and throws him into the fire, and he throws him in--a--to--to the water, and tries to drown him," and says, "It has a devil." And Jesus said that the... ...?... 91, 92, and 93, is that right, son? Prayer card 91, 92, and 93 is missing. Now, there's two of them. Two from over in ...?... I only see one stretcher case tonight, the little boy. What's your prayer card, sister? She doesn't get--have one. All right. Now, what's the next one? Number 92? Look on the back. Look at your neighbor's card, you that isn't up here. See if he's deaf or can't hear or something. You see? 92? Who knows when you're deaf...?... he'll lose his place. You see? Look on your neighbor's cards and see if--if they got 92. You see anyone?...?... be deaf or something, and they just missed their place. All right. Now, if you're not, then tomorrow there'll be other cards again. You see?

L-21 All right. Now, Jesus ...?... down, and as soon as this man fell, the man fell at His feet, and said, "Lord, have mercy on my son, for he's variously vexed with the devil and at night throws him in the fire," so forth. And said, "I took him to the disciples, and they could do nothing for him." He said, "And I brought him to You." Jesus said, "I can if you'll believe on Me, for all things are possible to them that believe." Is that right? And when He cast the spirit out of the boy, he was more sick than he ever was. He fell like a dead man. And they thought he was dead. But it was a spirit...?... All right. Is that maybe the next one? Who has prayer card say... No, I'm just... All right, all right. What say? Okay, got it. All right. All right. You come, lady.

L-22 Now, that same Lord Jesus... Now, I'm going to ask you one thing if you're a believer. Now, during this time, I 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min have a... I can't see the clock too well, but I give a little recess of time. We try to get out early each night so they won't hold you late, but...?... kind of a slow... The trouble with life today, friends, we're too fast for some, don't you think? We're rushing through life this way. Take your time. A man said. "Well, I went to the meeting, but I didn't get prayed for, so I went home." You'd set at Mayo's Clinic for three months if you got in there. And they never do nothing for you. They'll just tell you what was wrong with you. John Hopkins, they want to operate on you...?... They'll just tell you, advise to go to their doctors. But...?... get it. You'll set there for months just to find out what's wrong with you. And then you're told by man. And this way is by almighty God. See how fast you are? How Christians have got away from this place... And I trust that God will help you.

L-23 How do you do, lady? Now this lady here, I don't know her. And now, God in heaven knows I know nothing about that woman. I never saw her in my life. I guess this is our first time meeting, is it, lady? First time. You don't know nothing about me and I don't... The lady's a Christian, 'cause she has a real welcome spirit. And she's conscious of something's here at this--at this platform now. It's not a man; the Angel of God is here. See... At the judgment day...?... where we're all stand at that day... You on this night of the 4th of October--of November, rather, here at Owensboro, Kentucky, the Angel of God, at nine o'clock this night is not two foot from where I'm standing right now. I can't explain it, but I know it. I know His Presence; and I know It's here; I know It's been the One Who's with me all my life. He's the One told me that, "I'll be with you." You've all read the little book with the story. He's here. Now, He knows the lady; I don't. And if I can yield to Him, then I'll know it. And It'll tell me. And if--if I can't yield to Him, He has no will for me, then I will know nothing of her. But now, I want every one to be just as reverently as you can. Remember, please be reverent while this is going on. And if there's someone critical or something, I'm not responsible for that. And--and I'm not responsible for interruptions (See?), because it'll go from one to another. I seen times, friends, when evil spirits like epilepsy was cast from people, and critics swing on the floor, demon and things like that. I've seen as many twenty or thirty at a time fall with epilepsy, frothing on the floor, and on their seats. So be reverent and do just as you're told to do. It's not playing now, it's Scripture, God's Word.

L-24 How many remembers in Acts 19 where some boys tried to cast a epileptic spell out of a man, and the demon come upon the boys; and they all took epilepsy, stripped their clothes and run through the streets? Remember that?...?... Now, be just as reverent as you can. I want to talk to her. And now, if this woman, she raised her hand; she doesn't know me. And I--I--I know not her. But God knows us both. Now, He knows what she's done in her life, knows what I've done in my life. Now, He can reveal it to me. And if He will, how many of you will accept Him and say, "I believe Jesus Christ is here." Does--does anybody out there know this woman? Raise their hand. Anyone know the woman around here? Yeah, I see people that knows her...?... Now, I just want to talk to you.

L-25 Now, If Jesus has risen from the dead, as He said that He--as we know He has, then He said He'd be with us in...?... all the way through to the end of the world. That right? Then if He has risen from dead, He said, "The things that I do, shall you do also." He said He could do nothing except the Father showed Him. In other words, God the Father was in the Pillar of Fire. That was God the Father. And then no one could touch Him, not even Moses. Even if a--a beast touched the mountains it was--it had to be killed with a dart. You know that story. Well then, that was in the burning bush, a halo of fire, a Pillar of Fire, and then that Pillar of Fire come down and was made flesh among us. That same Pillar of Fire was God yet. Watch. And then, when this Son of God died, then His Spirit came back into men, sinful men. See? That was a holy, virgin born... Come back... And that makes God like a three foot rule. See? The first twelve inches God, the Father; second twelve inches God, the Son; third twelve inches God, the Holy Spirit. That's the reason we was commanded to baptize in the Name of Father, Son, Holy Ghost. But it's the same God, not three Gods, which, that'd be heathen... Our God... But it's our God, one God. It's God unfolding Hisself down to man. And the reason He's doing that, so He can 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min get down and live among men. Isn't He lovely? Now, He's done that so that He can help you tonight. And here, me a sinner, like you, saved by grace, but God has unfolded Hisself down into mortal being, that He could take through one and help another. Not... He's--I couldn't heal you, because that's already did at Calvary. I couldn't forgive sins or heal sick. Nobody could. God did that. But now, gifts are put in the church to point to that.

L-26 Now, I'm carrying a conversation with you like Jesus did with the woman at the well (Is that right?) to find out where her trouble was. And you're conscious that something is near you. If the audience might know, that feeling is strange: you know you're in the Presence of a Divine Being somewhere. You don't know just what's taken place, but something strange taken place, isn't it? If that's right, raise your hand. See? Now, I'm not reading your mind; it's just an angelic Being. You're sure of that. Isn't your trouble in your nose? It's--it's a cancer--a cancer in--in the nose. And you're also disturbed about someone, it's you got a boy, and the boy's in the hospital. Is that right? And he has stomach trouble, something in his stomach. It's cancer in the stomach. Is that true? Now, mother, that was my voice, but it wasn't me. See? Ever what was told you, was that the truth? Every bit of it the truth? You know... How would I... I know nothing of that, do I? Well, ever what it was, is the truth. Then there's something here that's revealing to you something about yourself. Is that right? You accept it as the Angel of God sent from the Presence of God to help you? You do? Come here just a minute. Would you bow your heads, please. Merciful Father, as I lay hands upon our sister and ask for Divine mercy, that You will heal her body and bless her in every way. And whatever she has need of, I ask Thee, our heavenly Father, to supply everything she has need of. Heal her and make her well. Grant it, Lord. I pray this prayer and send it to You because You've said these words, "If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." And I ask for her recovery as I ask in Jesus Christ's Name for this demon to leave her. Amen. Now, God bless you, sister. We want you to report this if you... You believe you're healed? All right. You live close now. I want you--I want you to come back and testify in a few days and tell us what's happened to you. Will you do that? God bless you, sister. All right. God bless you, my sister.

L-27 All right, bring... Do you believe with all your heart now? All your heart? The more you talk to people, the more it--it reveals. You see? Usually It don't say very much of people, because a vision takes strength from you. One vision will take more strength from you than preaching all day long. Howdy do, lady. I suppose we're also strangers, are we? And we're strangers. That... God knows us both, doesn't He? We were probably born miles apart and years difference, and... But God has fed us all this time and we're both in His--right here, before Him tonight. We have to stand by our testimony. We rise or fall by Jesus Christ. Is that right?

L-28 And you're just a person that was out there and--and called up here to the platform, and first time we met in life. Yes. But Jesus knows us both. You're a Christian, and now I get... I believe that, mother. What? You remind me of my own mother. I--I believe that with all my heart, that you're a servant of God. You're afflict...?... [The woman speaks while Brother Branham also speaks--Ed.] God bless you for that. Now, you're know that there's something another that's reacting on you now, something... If you'll notice each night, as faith begins to move up, you see what's the difference as the patients come. Wait for a few nights. As God settles on the meeting, you'll look and you'll see things like you have never dreamed of seeing. When the people... You're just a little scared now, many of you. Don't say you're not. Uh huh. I feel... I know. See? You're just a little... "Well, wonder what?" That'll all wear away in a few days; you'll come into one Spirit and one accord, and then you'll see the Lord go to moving greatly. See?

L-29 Now, mother... 'Course, you and I, being strangers and never met, God will have to do something here to...?... But if He will do something, maybe, something about your life somewhere, or something's taken place way back down the road when you was a little girl or--or do something another here, that's absolutely the truth, and you'll know it's the truth, then will tell you what the future will be... If you--if that was true, then you'd know what the future'd be the truth, wouldn't you? But you know us knowing not one another, but He's here and He's love and full of compassion. He's that. I want you to look at me. Not--I don't... You see, what I mean like that--like Peter said, "Look on u--me," (See?), as he 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min passed through the gate. In other words, just to get his attention. See? And I believe it was Jehosophat, one time, went out to see the prophet Elijah, and he said, "If it wasn't..." There's a whole bunch of the kings: three of them, and one of them was an unbeliever. He had been worshipping idols from his mother, Jezebel, and the prophet got all disturbed. He said, "If it wasn't I respected the presence of Jehosophat, I wouldn't even look at you." See? The prophet was angered and he.... That's strange to think a prophet would get angry, but he did. And they had to play some music to make him get (That's right.)--to make him get in the--in the Spirit. When the Spirit came upon him, was then he saw a vision and told them what to do. Is that right? Now, it's the same God that lives tonight. That's right. The same God. Elijah's gone on, but God hasn't. God takes His man, but never His Spirit.

L-30 Now, I've talked to you for a purpose (See?), to contact your spirit. And now your spirit's falling right in line with the Angel of the Lord. You got a--it's a--it's a gallbladder or some... Gallbladder trouble. See? Yes, ma'am. And I see you was in a doctor's office or something where there was taking a picture. And then you've had a... I see something another: you're alarmed about it being a cancer or something in your... You thought it was a cancer. Yes, sister; yes, ma'am. It's a nervous condition. And I tell you... Long time ago or something, you've had a operation on the head or something or other. It's something taken away or something. Yes, that's right. Un huh. It's a... It was a... Yes. Is that the truth? What was it? I just seen an operation being performed on it. Do you believe that God will make you well? If I ask Him, do you believe, audience, that God will heal this woman? Will you pray with me for her? Come here, mother. I want your hand. When I would take a little old wrinkled up hand like that, you don't know how it makes me feel. I think of my own mother who's been in... That's probably stroked back the tears from many babies eyes, cried and rocked them to sleep, done a many hard days work, washed. God bless them. Our heavenly Father, as I hold this little feeble hand tonight, I'm thinking of my own little old mother, back yonder tonight, praying. And I pray for mercy for this, our dear sister. I pray that You'll take away this hideous demon. Take it away from her that she can be well again. Grant it, Lord. And now, Father, I pray that You will fulfill what You said in Your Word, "In My Name they shall cast out devils." You said so, and I believe You. And now, upon the authority of Your Word as Your servant, coming in a representative way of Calvary, where You won all the victory over the devil and all principalities... And now, Lord, as representing You here on earth, I challenge this demon in a duel of faith, and say in the Name of Jesus Christ, come out of the woman; leave her. God bless you, mother. Go on, eat your supper now. God be... Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Amen. Sure the woman will get well. You believe?

L-31 Have faith. Believe with us. Now, everyone bow your head. This man's deaf; I feel the spirit moving against me, and it's deaf. Just bow your heads till we get him hearing some. Come here. Huh. O God, Creator of heavens and earth, Author of everlasting life, Giver of every good gift, send Thy Spirit upon the man and heal him. And this demon has come upon the man to cause him to walk before a vehicle and be killed, sent to a premature grave. God, he's come reverently tonight to the platform to be healed of this horrible thing. And I pray for faith, Almighty God, that'll make it leave him. Now, hear the prayer of Your humble servant. Thou spirit of the devil that has bound my brother, I charge thee by Jesus Christ, the Son of God, Who come to this earth and fought principalities and robbed Satan, and you have no legal rights to hold him any more... And we stand under the commission of Jesus Christ, said, "They shall cast out devils," and come out of the man; in the Name of Jesus Christ, leave him. Can you hear? Can you hear me now? And this? Can you hear me now? Amen. Hear me now? All right, you may raise your head. Look this way. The man... I didn't know how deaf he was: just a deaf spirit, like a dark, cold shadow go whooo, whooo, like that moving thing. Now, he has perfect hearing now. Listen just a moment. Come here, sir. I'm going to whisper real low. This microphone's very sensitive. Say, "Amen." "I love the Lord." Say, "Glory to God." I'm whispering. See, just... I'm going to put my hand over this microphone so you won't hear but... Praise the Lord. Now, I'm just barely whispering. Listen to this. Can you hear me all right? Hear me now. Sir? Now, watch. Can you hear me now? Amen? God bless you. You're healed, my brother. Now... See? Watch the disease. Now, if the man keeps believing, that'll never come to him again. 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min

L-32 Now, may I take just a moment here to explain something, if you will. A deaf spirit... I don't know. I got a group of doctors, praying, that's coming here Sunday night. I've been interviewed at Mayo's Clinic twice. And doctors from around the world, in Africa, the whole African Medical Association, gave me the right hand of fellowship and opened every hospital in South Africa to me. And it... They said, "That's truly Divine healing." They had me over there. Mr. Bosworth knows about it when we were there in Africa, that they said, "Brother Branham...'' We... Wanted me to have breakfast with them, said, "That's truly Divine healing." Said, That's right." And I'm waiting to a night; there's mutes in here. Maybe yet tonight. I see a man talking on his fingers to a man there. I--I... A little school up here in Washington, and we have this stated, Notary Public, that nine people from a deaf mute school, all nine of them was talking near normally when they left the platform. See? And a--many times...

L-33 Now, here's what does it. If you'll look this way so I could rest just a moment from them visions. You see? Perhaps, if you--a man had lost his hearing... Now, the doctor, he would look into the man's ears and examine, take a x-ray. Maybe there's a bone pinching that nerve. If there is, the doctor will move that bone and--and the man can hear again. The--the nerve would become energized. But did you know what... If he looks in there and says, "There's nothing could be done," just like was on this man here because the nerve was dying in his ears... Now, if the nerve dies... It's just like here something on my hand. Now, look close, everywhere in the balconies now. What if I had a transparent band around my hand and it's shutting off the circulation, my hand would become blue? And the doctor would come and he'd look, and he'd say, "Well, I don't know, Brother Branham. Just a... The nerves is dead from right along here out." Now, the only thing a doctor can work on is what he can see or what he can feeled. Is that right?

L-34 We have five senses: see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. And only two he works on now, is what he can see or what he can feel. Well, if them nerves are dead, why, he might cut this finger off; he might put salve on it; he might do anything. It'll never get well until this band's moved. Is that right? Then when the band's moved, then circulation automatically takes place. Is that true? Well, what... The Bible said, when the deaf spirit (Is that right?), deaf spirit came out of the man, he could hear. Now, that's exactly what taken place just a few moments ago. When the deaf spirit left the man, he can hear to a whisper. What taken place? You can't make a spirit go, unless it's cast out. But when the spirit is gone from the thing, circulation takes place again, and the body becomes active. Do you see what I mean? But it's a spirit. The deaf spirit went out of the man; he could hear. Now, that's the way it was in the Bible. That's the way it is here tonight, just the same as it was then. That's the way it is here tonight.

L-35 All right, will you come to me. Now, as you come, sister, will you come believing with all your heart? You do? If God will reveal to me exactly... 'Fore I looked at you, you put your hand on my shoulder here, just a moment. I'm going to look at the audience so that you'll see it's not mental telepathy. If God will reveal what's wrong with you and show me a vision out here exactly what's wrong with you, will you accept it? Will you accept your healing? You will. Now, may the Lord God grant it. Well, if He will, I can. If He doesn't, I can't. Yes, sir. You--you have diabetes. Isn't that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. I seen the blood dripping; it looked kindly thin, white looking. You believe He's going to heal you--has healed you? God bless you then. God bless you. Go and receive it, in the Name of the Lord Jesus. Let's say, "Thanks be to God."

L-36 All right, come. Now, lady, as you come, just come looking this way. Do you believe if God will reveal what's wrong with you, you'll accept your healing? You will? You want to get over that heart trouble? You do, raise up your hand, say, "I want to get over heart trouble." You do, then go receive it, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ and be made well. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Sir, about you, do you believe with all your heart? You do? Do you believe that God will make you well? Uh-huh. Well, you got stomach trouble and heart trouble too. You want to get well, don't you? Is that right? Go, eat your supper. Jesus Christ makes you whole. All right. Believe with all your heart. Just--just have... That'll...?... you do to have faith; that's what stimulates and gets the people...

L-37 I thought you was holding your hand up...?... All right. Come. Bow your head. Here's another afflicted sister. 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min Almighty God, Who made heavens and earth, all things in them is, Who made us, Lord, I pray that You'll be merciful to this woman. She's underprivileged to hear the Gospel; therefore, Lord, without any faith, without being able to hear, maybe, the message... I do not know, but this deaf spirit has her bound. I pray that You'll deliver her this very hour, and that it might be known that You're God and we're Your disciples, and we're Your servants. And You've raised from the dead and You're living among Your people tonight. I say to this deaf spirit, come out of the woman, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Now, keep your heads bowed just a moment. Now, please, every one with their heads bowed, just a moment. I don't want to perplex the woman. You hear now? Hear me over here? Here me over here? Right here. It's all right. All right, raise your heads. Here's her deaf trumpet. You'd have to take it out of the ears. She couldn't hear me first, but now she can hear me. Hear me now? Say, "Amen." Hear me now? Say, "Amen," now. Say, "I love the Lord." Amen. God bless you now. Go on rejoicing. It'll never bother you no more. See, she's...

L-38 All right, come, lady. You believe with all your heart? Would you like to eat supper, enjoy your meals like you used to? You got a kidney trouble too, haven't you? Something wrong in your back. Is that true? That's it. And then you'd also got a--you got a peptic ulcer in your stomach which is caused from a nervous condition. Is that right? Makes your food sour, and you belch it up and have stomach trouble. Is that true? You believe me to be God's prophet? You do? You've longed for a closer life with God, too. Isn't that right? You professed a Christian but you don't live like you should live to be a Christian. Isn't that true? That's right. Then go tell God, from this hour on, you'll serve Him with all your heart. Will you? Will you do it? Then, in the Name of Jesus Christ, go and be well and eat your supper. God bless you. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." Amen. Lady, if God doesn't help you, you're going to die right away with a cancer. And you know that. Is that right? You believe He helps you right now? God bless you. Go and be made well in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." God is here.

L-39 All right, come, lady. Anybody out there could be healed if you'll just believe. Do you believe? Oh, my, this is the way I like to feel the Holy Spirit settling on the people. If you'd just let yourself loose to God's blessings and His Spirit... I know it's strange to you. What's the matter, reverend? You want to get over that sinus trouble you got? You was setting there praying about it. How'd I know you was a minister, had sinus? What's the matter, mother? What do you think about your little girl setting there next to you. Isn't that right? Hasn't she got boils all, something or other, breaking out with boils? Isn't that right? Put your hand over on her. She's going to be well, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. The Holy Spirit's here, friends. That's right. Amen. True, all I ask you to do is believe; have faith in God. Hmm.

L-40 Just believe with all your heart. Oh, isn't He lovely? Do you believe, lady, with all your heart? You have some sort of sinus trouble. Isn't that right? You have some kind of a--a--a kidney stones too, the doctor said. Isn't that right? Here's another thing. I'm not reading your mind and I'm not here to say anything to you, but you realize you're in the Presence of a supernatural Being. You're not living--or living a life that you should, satisfied with God. Isn't that right? Gone away. You been praying about that last few days. Your sins are forgiven you now, and you're healed. Go on your road. God make you well. Amen. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." No, I never forgive her sins. I seen God did though. She accepted it, standing right there. That's when God made her well. Amen.

L-41 Come, lady. You believe you're healed if you walked off the platform? You believe it with all your heart? Will you accept it? I can't heal you, lady. It's up to you. Do you believe it? Come here. God be merciful to you. I pray, God, that You'll have mercy upon the woman and may she go and may You deal with her, Lord, I pray in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you. All right, come, sir. You want to get over taking insulin? That old--that old diabetes to leave you, is that what you want? All right. God bless you; go on your road rejoicing, say, "Thanks be to God." Do you love Him? Say, "Amen." Sure, we believe Him with all of our heart. May the Lord God bless. 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min Come, lady. You believe that heart trouble left you when you was crossing the platform? Well, God bless you...?... Amen. Go on your road, say, "Thanks be to God." Amen. I love Him and I believe Him. If you want to believe Him, all right, that's up to you. Thanks be to God Who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen

L-42 You want to get over that prostate trouble, setting there, sir? Believe that God will make you well? Setting back there in the second row, if you believe it, God will make you well. You do? All right, stand up, accept your healing then. Stand up to your feet, say, "I accept my healing." God bless you. Been nervous, getting up, going back and forth at night, that'll stop now. Amen. Hallelujah. You want to get over that hernia, setting there on the end of the row, sir? You want to, stand up on your feet then, and say, "I accept my healing for that hernia." God bless you, and you can go home, receive yours if you believe it. Thanks be to God Who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. What do you think, young sir, setting there with your collar backwards, rejoicing because that man's healed? You believe that? You don't have a prayer card, do you? You'd like to be over that hay fever you had? Would you? All right. You can stand up and get yours. All right. God bless you. You can go be healed. "Thanks be to God," Amen. "Gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." Now you're--you're in His Presence; and He's here, the anointing of the Holy Ghost.

L-43 Howdy do, sir. I believe you're a good, sincere man. You love the Lord? You do. Say, you've been a soldier or something. You've been shot or hurt. Isn't that right? And that's in the right lung. And the doctor's has put a plate in there. Isn't that right? There's somebody standing by your side that I've seen before. It's been a... It's a woman that was standing here awhile ago. Your wife, wasn't it? Yes, sir. She was here just a few minutes ago. Something... I--I recognized the woman. She's standing by your side. There's some... Wh... Now, there's a spirit moving from this a way. Move this way a little bit, brother. That's your brother and mother setting right back there. The mother, she has a--a--a high blood pressure, gall stones. Yes, sir. God be merciful to you, mother, and make you well. What do you think of it, setting on the end of the seat with epilepsy? Do you believe with all your heart that God will heal you? Stand up to your feet and accept it then. Yes. Amen. Let's say, "Thanks be to God." God is standing here to make every one of you well. Go, brother. You feel that's going to bother you. It won't. Go, accept Jesus Christ, and go be made well.

L-44 How many of you here wants to be healed right now, while the Holy Spirit's a moving? We got nights to stay. I'm going to ask you something. I want you to put your hands over on one another and let me pray that God will cast out evil spirits from... How much more would our Lord Jesus Christ have to do to prove to you He's in this building? Moses was given two signs. He went and performed them one time before Israel and they listened to him. If you believe me to be God's servant, you listen to me. Jesus Christ healed you nineteen hundred years ago when He died for you. He's right here, right now, in this building. His Presence, the resurrected Lord Jesus, is right here, and every one of you can be healed. Only thing I ask you to do is be just deeply sincerely, and see if God doesn't make you well. I see God healing right on out through the building. I see a woman setting there with a black hat on who had high blood pressure. She's just been made well. And she's setting next to a lady with a brown hat on, was just made well, just then. Here this lady over here with a female disorder, she's just made well. God's healing all out through the audience there.

L-45 Oh God, our heavenly Father, we just thank Thee, our Lord, for all that You've done for us. Your great Being is near, and You're here to make every one of the people well. And I pray Thee, dear heavenly Father, that right at this moment, that You will take every person here into Your Divine arms. And may all the... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] building. May the Fire of God begin to fall. May the Power reach down, and pick up the people and shake them Lord, and let them realize that this is the day of their visitation. This is the time that the Lord has set. This is the time of their healing. When the Deep...?... Deep here; God is spreading forth His arms over this audience tonight and showing signs and wonders. 53-1104, Deep Calleth Unto The Deep, Sports Center, Owensboro, KY, 64 min Well, God, I pray that You'll take all unbelief and skeptics, drive out every demon of unbelief, and all formal, ungodly indifference, and--and take this people and heal every one of them Lord. Have mercy. Now as Your servant, I ask every unclean spirit that's in this room; as God's prophet, I ask every devil to be cast away from the people; that they might go from here tonight free. Almighty God, Creator of heavens and earth, and Author of Everlasting Life, hear the prayer of Your servant and grant this tonight through Jesus Christ, Thy Son. Now, with your heads bowed, set close, believe with all your heart. Come here Brother Bosworth, just a moment. Every man and woman now, sit tight in with God. Now I want you to repeat this prayer that I tell you. Now you repeat it, I'm going to repeat it, and you just pray it. I'm going to say it and you re--re... Surely, God, I know what takes to defeat Satan. If God has so confirmed it here tonight to prove to you it's the truth. And I see the Ang--that Light hanging over this audience, right now, like a--a stream of cream, looks like. I've told you the truth, and God's testified it's the truth. And while we're just a little, bitty group of people sitting here together, why not let this whole group be healed tonight? Now you repeat this prayer right after me, everywhere. [Congregation repeats prayer after Brother Branham--Ed.] Almighty God, Creator of heavens and earth, Author of Everlasting Life, send Thy blessings upon Thy servant, for I am desperately in need. I have seen, I have heard the Gospel, and I believe now, Lord. Help Thou my unbelief. And now for a long time, Satan has bound me; but I realize tonight, that he has no legal rights to hold me. I am a Christian, and I claim my God-given privileges, and from right now on, I accept my healing. I'll go from this building glorifying You, standing on Your Word. For I bel... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Do You Now Believe?
