Date: 1955-04-10
Title: Prayer
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Branham Tabernacle
Location: Jeffersonville
Duration: IN, 3 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 55-0410E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 It's indeed a privilege for us to come to You today, bow our heads in humility to the dust where we were taken from, and someday shall return, if Jesus tarries. Oh, how we thank Thee for this glorious, marvelous hope that we have today, that that dust shall put on immortality someday, and we'll be made liken unto His own image. And then we shall see Him as He is, the Lovely One: the One that was crucified for us; buried and arose again the third day; and now setting at the right hand of the Father, making intercession upon our profession...?... How we thank Thee for Him. We thank Thee for this church tonight, Lord, for this little old tabernacle, though it's crude: few concrete blocks throwed together by the efforts of the people; a little roof over the top...?... But, Lord, You humble Yourself; that's what we can't understand. Not the hour... Because it's all we've got to offer You. That You welcome waiting servants as You come talk with us, commune with us, bless us. And we go home rejoice, happy. When we're sick, You meet us here and lay Your healing hand on us; we get well. Oh, we're so happy about all then. We're very happy, and we pray, Father, that You'll continue to be with us. Thank You, tonight, for our pastor, Brother Neville. I pray that You'll be with them, Lord, and their little family there. God bless them. So glad that we're living in a day, that when our--our paths crossed here on earth today, and may we have real fellowship around the Word, fellowship with one another. Thank You for Brother Cobb, Lord, also, his lovely little family. For all the other ministers and families in the--in the building tonight, so thankful for all of our friends everywhere. Bless us together now tonight, as the Word may go forth; may It go anointed, Lord, seeing that's alive coming out of the Bible. "Thy Word have I hid in my heart, O Lord, that I sin not against Thee." May It go forth tonight and the seed of God be planted in every heart. And may It...?... bring forth a great, great, service. Grant it, Father. Forgive us of our sins now. Draw us near to You, and we'll praise Thee. In Jesus' Name. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Proof Of His Resurrection
