Date: 1955-01-23
Title: Earnestly Contend For The Faith
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Philadelphia Church
Location: Chicago, IL
Duration: 81 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 55-0123E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 ...?... time, for many of us may never meet like this again. All of us, this very crowd that's here, may never meet in this way again this side of heaven. That's right. There's a lot of old people here, and don't know just when I'll be getting back. Accidents and you know what takes place, I may never be able to come back, or you may never be able to come back. But I... With my last testimony to you if there isn't, if there so happens that way, Jesus Christ is truly the Son of God raised from the dead. And what I speak of about Him I believe with all my heart. And I love you with undying and the warmest of Christian love. God be with you. Now, our little pastor over here, Brother Joseph... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] You give me your close attention now for the reading of the Word.

L-2 In the Book of Jude we find these verses. At the 3rd verse of the Book of Jude. Beloved... I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and to exhort you that you should earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered unto the saints. May the Lord add His blessings to the reading of His Word. Now, I believe that this Book was written in A.D. 66. And it was thirty-three years then after Pentecost. And Jude speaking to the church then was exhorting them that they should earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Could you ever think that a--that the great Holy Spirit Church, that had been inaugurated, and immersed into Christ by the Holy Spirit, could be so tangled up in such a short time that the prophet here, was telling him to earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Now, we won't take much time. I've got to watch here, because we've got a big service coming on. Pray for as many people, tonight as I possibly can get through the line. And I ask to stand by in faith, prayer. Now, the--the prophet here says to earnestly contend for the faith, not "a" faith, but "the" faith, that was once delivered unto the saints. Now, many people say, "Well, I would go down to that meeting, but it's against my faith." There's only one faith: one faith, one hope, one Lord, one baptism. You believe it? One faith, and that faith is in the Lord Jesus Christ. And now, some people say, "Well, I'm a methodist. That's against my faith." I'm a Catholic, and that's against my faith." There's only one faith. Might be different denominations of churches to represent that faith, but there's only one faith. Now, Jude said that we, speaking here primarily of course to the--the church in that day, but we should earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints.

L-3 Now, it could not apply to the Old Testament. It had to be to the New Testament, because the Old Testament was the law, and this side is the grace. And--and it said, "The law and prophets," Luke 16:16, law and prophets were until John: since then the kingdom of heaven's been preached. So it had to be this side, had to be this side with sanctification, 'cause saints, the church is referred to as saints after... The word "saint," means "the sanctified one." In other words, we must contend for the faith that was once delivered to the sanctified ones. "Sanctification" means "to be called out, set apart, cleansed (See?), cleansed and set apart for service." Now, the faith that was once delivered unto those people, that is the faith that we're supposed to contend. You know what "contend" means? Is "to debate, or to hold to, contend for." Earnestly contend for that faith. Now, if I said, "Methodist brethren, do you have it?" "Yep, we got that faith." "And Baptist brethren?" "Yep." And the Catholic says, "Yep." 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min The Pentecostal says, "Yep." Everyone would say, "Yes, my church is contending for that faith." Well, I'm happy to hear that. I'd be very happy to know that that's true. Now, the only way, I would say, "What makes you different one from another then?" "Well then, we believe it that it was this a way." Now, let's just go back in the early parts of the Scripture, the early ministry, and in the days of the saints, and see what kind of a taste that they had, and then let's contend for what they had. That's the only way to be sure. Is that right?

L-4 Now, the first one to introduce the faith that the Bible wants us contend for was the Lord Jesus Christ Himself. John was the forerunner to speak of His coming, but Christ was It. Christ Himself, He was the One Who brought the faith, because Christ on earth was God's representation to the peoples on the new deal. Notice, God sent Christ after the days of the law made... a woman under the law that He might redeem those who were under the law. Christ is made of human flesh, being God Himself, Emmanuel, invested, God in Christ reconciling the world to Himself. And when He was here on earth, He did not follow His Own thoughts, His Own will, but He sacrificed His Own will and His Own thoughts to follow the mind and the will of His Father. "I come not to do My will, but the will of Him that sent Me." You see it?

L-5 Now, Christ come to do the will of the Father. Then if we can see what Christ did, and what kind of a faith that He gave to the people, or preached to the people, then that should be the faith that we contend for. Now, when Christ was here on earth we wonder, He was born just an ordinary boy baby, born in a manger. He didn't come to the world with a great lot of--of to do. He just was of humble parents born in a manger, raised up, went, and was brought up with His people. And at the age of thirty-years old He went out into the wilderness, and there met John, and was baptized of John in the Jordan, obeying or fulfilling... When John saw Him coming he said, "I have need to be baptized of Thee, and why comest Thou unto me?" He said, "Suffer. It's to be so, but thus it behooveth us to fulfill all righteousness." And then He was baptized of John, went straight way out of the water, and low the heavens was open unto Him. And John bear record, seeing the Spirit of God like a dove descending from heaven and lighting upon Him. John said farther, "I knew Him not, but He that said to me in the wilderness to go baptize, said, 'Upon whom thou shall see the Spirit descending and remaining on, He's the One that'll baptize with the Holy Ghost and fire.'" John had a sign that that was the Messiah. When he seen Him coming he knew that It was the Messiah. Now, He was not dressed any different from any other man. Jesus is just an ordinary man. The Bible said, "There was no beauty we should desire Him." He wasn't so, such a great seven foot man. There's no beauty we should desire Him.

L-6 I suppose He had not much of this world's education, for we have no record of Him ever going to school, no record in the Scripture, or the history that He ever went to school. But He had an education, of course. But where He got it, we don't know. And now, we have Paul--Paul's record of where he went to school, and others, but we have no record where Jesus went to school. He was just an ordinary man, talked an ordinary language, the language that you use at the street where everybody, the common people would hear. And so then, there was nothing outstanding about His looks and so forth that you could make Him what He was. What He was is not by outward appearance. For He was a man outward, but inward He was God, Emmanuel. Father God was in Him, reconciling the world to Himself. So there He brought the Christian faith. Now, we'll notice Him. What made Him different? As a speaker I guess He wasn't so forceful and get out in the street and like we do, and scream, because the Bible said, "His voice was not heard in the street. And a bruised reed and a smoking flax," and so forth as the prophet said it would be.

L-7 So there was just something about His talk that caught the heart of people though. He didn't have to be so forceful about it in an outward demonstration, but there was something down in His talk that fascinated the hearts of people. 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min

L-8 How I've often liked to hear great ministers to speak, and I love to hear them. But I've often wondered how He was felt standing there that day when Jesus stretched forth His arms and said, "Come unto Me, all ye that labor and heavy laden, I'll give you rest." Oh, I'd loved to have heard that.

L-9 I'd liked to have heard Him when He was setting on the rock, perhaps, on the--on the mount there where He gave His sermon on the mount, and listen at Him. Said, "Blessed are the pure in heart; they shall see God. Blessed are you when men shall persecute you, and make all manner of fun of you, falsely for My Names sake. Rejoice, and be exceedingly glad for great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." See? Oh, I'd have loved to have heard Him preach that. Brother Bosworth said I probably could never hear that, but I do have the hopes of hearing this: "Well, done, my good and faithful servant." If I could only hear that that's all... That'll satisfy me, right. Notice, when He was here on earth, Peter said in Acts the 2nd chapter, after he had received the baptism of the Holy Spirit; he said "You men of Israel, this Jesus of Nazareth, a Man approved of God among you." By what? By His theology? Nope. By His great standing in the church? No. By His degree? No. By His excellency of speech? No. "Ye men of Israel, Jesus of Nazareth, a Man approved of God among you by signs and wonders that God did by Him in the midst of you all which you all are a witness."

L-10 My that was right straight from the shoulder, wasn't it? Said, "You by wicked hands have crucified the Prince of Life, but God's raised Him up again." Amen. I like that. Said, "You crucified Him, but it's not possible that He should be a holder of death. So death had to turn Him loose, and He has raised from the dead. And we are His witnesses. (Amen.) That's why these things are done, for instance, the impotent man at the gate healed." Said, "By faith in the Name of Jesus Christ this man's made whole." See? "The Prince of Life Who you crucify," Said, "God's vindicated Him." He didn't have no... He wasn't a great princely looking man. He wasn't none of these things that the world looks at. "But God was with Him, because He proved that He was with Him before all of you, by signs and wonders which He did in the midst of you all." That's what the apostles thought about the Christian faith. What did the great ecclesiastical realm, the Pharisees and Sadducees, the great Sanhedrin court, amounting to around two million people. They sent a representative over one night, Nicodemus. He came by night. Some of you laugh at him by coming by night. He finally arrived. Did you? Have you done as much as Nicodemus? He finally got there. He got to Jesus. All right. And when he come, look at him now, a scholar, a scholar coming to a Man Who had no diploma. It was a aristocrat coming to a pauper for knowledge. Here was a man of great degrees coming to a Man that had no degrees. Here it was an old sage and teacher coming to a young Fellow to learn about Everlasting Life. You see the difference?

L-11 Now, he came along through the alleys at nighttime making his way up because of his church and so forth, but Nicodemus (Listen at him.), He voiced for the church, the Sanhedrin court, for the temple, for the Pharisees, and the Sadducees, and Sanhedrins and so forth. He said, "We know... Rabbi, or Master, we know that Thou art a Teacher come from God." "We," who's we? "We Jews, we of the--of the courts. We of the synagogues who's persecuted You, making fun of You, laughing at You, but we know that You're a Teacher comes from God." Why? "Because that You're an eloquent man, and great speech, melodious voice?" "No." "How do you know then?" "We know that Thou art a Teacher come from God, for no man can do the things that You do, the miracles that You do, except God be with Him." They knew that that was Him, but for prejudice, selfishness, not ready to have self-denial to renounce your old surrounding and accept Him. Yet they recognized that it was of God.

L-12 This city, reading newspapers, coming into the meeting is without excuse. They know that God's down here moving and performing miracles. The people who laugh at Divine healing, laugh at the Church of the living God, in saying that they're narrow minded. They're without excuse. They know down in their hearts that that's the truth. They'd have to... Afraid to admit it, afraid they'll lose some of their social prestige. I'd rather lose all my social prestige and 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min gain heaven, wouldn't you? Frankly, I had no social prestige to lose. But Christ taken me in, and now I'm--I'm a child. Look what He was for us. He in His riches became poor, that in His poverty we might become rich. In His immortality He became flesh that He might take our sickness, that in His sickness we might have health. And all of my sins He became; He was sinless, and taking my sins, that I might be sinless. He became me that I might become Him in heaven. He stands as mine and your Representative. Then God don't look to us; He looks to our Representative. Oh, isn't that marvelous, Christ standing in our stead, representing us before the Father? You ever in a court trial? The Representative, He stands as our Attorney, standing to plead. Who knows to do any better than He does, when He's the very Son of the Father, standing in the Presence of God to plead we sinners' case. And if we'll confess... Being rich, yet, was become poor, that through His poverty we might be made rich. Rich in what? Money? No. Rich in heavenly blessings, spiritual things. We, who were once poor now become rich through His poverty.

L-13 Notice Him. Stripped Hisself, humiliated Himself, come down the great Divine One from above... You... In humiliation come down and brought Hisself down, humbled Himself in a body of flesh to walk among men, hear the cursing and swearing of men, feel the pains of sickness and of death upon Himself that through all that, not because He had to, but because love drove Him to it... That He had done all that and was sick and had troubles... You say, "Was He sick?" Certainly. Didn't He make the own thing Himself, His own--His own statement, and He said, "Won't they say to Me, 'Physician, heal Yourself?'" Sure, He bore our sicknesses, our grief, our sins, our sorrows. See what He was? Now, that's Who the apostles talked about; that's Who Nicodemus talked about. Let's see what He was. What kind of representative did He meant of the Christian faith?

L-14 When He was here upon the earth, He'd taken no name upon Himself. The Bible said that He didn't. He made of Himself no reputation. Many times I've thought this: the man that made the false plate for teeth, made a reputation in them. But the Man Who made the real teeth made of Himself no reputation. The man that made an artificial leg made a reputation for himself, but the Man Who made the real leg made of Himself no reputation. See? He just stripped Himself and come down to save you and me, to heal you and me. The great Physician, the God of heaven, the immortal One, clothed Himself in flesh in order to anchor sickness in His own Body to take our sickness away. It's just never be known. Words can't express what that really is, what God did for us in Christ Jesus. When He was here on earth He didn't brag about Himself. He come knowing nothing, but what the Father's will was to do. He was offered great things. Even Satan told him, "I'll give You every kingdom of the world, and make You make You master over them, if You'll fall down and worship me." He said, "Get the hence, Satan. It's written that, 'Thou shall worship the Lord thy God and Him only shall you serve.'" Certainly. He could've had all the kingdoms of the world. He will have them anyhow. He falls heir to them. He's heir of all things. And we are heir with Him, and joint heirs in the Kingdom. "Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God. Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth." That's His sermon. Why, He give us, His promises. That was Him.

L-15 Now, notice Him. As He is here on earth we see some of His work. Let's see what He meant in Christian faith now. Here He is here. The stream of all Christianity, the Head, the Beginning, the Origin of the Christian faith was Jesus Christ, God's Son, the beginning of Christian faith, the starting point for all mankind of all ages to look to that starting place and begin from there. He was an example to us. Is that right? On 13th chapter Saint John when feetwashing is brought along, and He said... Watch a Peter, self-starched this Peter--Peter was, protested...?... stood there as a stiff collar. And He walked up to wash Peter's feet. He said, "You're never washing my feet." Oh, my. We have so many of those today. "You're never washing my feet." Jesus looked at him, said, "Well, if I don't wash you, you got no part with Me." 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min Peter said, "Then Lord not my feet only, but my hands and head." Kind of unstarched him, didn't it?

L-16 Oh, I'd imagine those kind words looking around at Peter and saying, "Now, now... If I--if I can't wash you you got no part with Me. If you can't follow My commandments, if you can't do the will of the Father... Peter, I love you. But you've got to do these things." That's part of the Christian faith. There as He got through washing the disciples' feet, set down, and said, "Now, you call Me Lord and Master. And you say, well, for so I am. If I then You're Lord and Master have washed Your feet, you ought to wash one another's. For... (Listen at it.) For I have given you an example, that you should do to each other as I have done unto you." He was the Example of Christianity. He was Christianity. He was our Pattern. Don't never try to pattern your life after some preacher, after some priest, after some great religious man here on earth, but pattern your life after Christ. He is your Example. He set an example. He lived an example and presented it to the Church. Oh, I hope that soaks so deep. Why is it that people don't want to hear the Gospel? See? Notice, soak down deep.

L-17 He said He was the Example. Now, we see Him; watch what an example He set. He walked out saying, "I have nothing that I can do in Myself." And then one came to Him, kind of a little indifferent, looked around over the audience, and Jesus standing there looked around at him; He said, "Thou art an Israelite in whom there is no guile." When Philip went and found Nathanael, out under that tree praying for him, said, "Come over here. I want to show you we found Jesus of Nazareth, the Son of Joseph." And this self-starched man, he said, "Why, could there be any good thing come out of Nazareth?" Said, "Come, see." That's the best way to find out. Go, find out. Said, "Come and see." Well, he come over there, you know, a nice man, good moral man, honest as the days is long, and he walked up there before Jesus, standing out there in the crowd, and Jesus looking around. I'd imagine when he heard Jesus, or saw Him pray for some of the sick or something, his heart begin to kind of melt down a little. You know I can hear him almost say a word to Philip. Say, "Philip, that Fellow's a little different from the ordinary preacher that we see." Oh, my, is He different? He said, "He's just a little different. I kinda like the way He talks." I hear Nathanael say, "Well, I--I--I thought you'd change your mind when you seen Him and got to hear Him once. You were just passing your opinion, back down there, said, 'There couldn't be anything good come from Nazareth.'"

L-18 About that time Jesus turning His lovely head, His great soft eyes looking over there, He said, "Behold, an Israelite in whom there is no guile." That shook him. Said, "Me?" Said, "How'd you know Me, Reverend or Rabbi?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree I saw you." There's the example of Christianity. That's right. He met a woman at the well and sent the disciples away. Went into the city to buy some food, some vittles, and while they were away Jesus knowing that the woman would come, because He said, "He did nothing accept the Father showed Him."... From Jerusalem He goes straight out of Jericho, but He went up the way of Samaria. Wonder why. He had need to go by Samaria. I wonder why. Got up there, set on the well, and the woman come out to draw the water. And He said, "Bring Me a drink." She said, "Why, it's not customary for Jew's to ask Samaritans such." Said, "But if you knew Who you were speaking to you'd ask Me for a drink, and I'd give you waters that you didn't come here to draw." "Why," she said, "the well is deep," and so forth. He said, "Go, get your husband," right straight to the point. "Go, get your husband. That's what your trouble is." She said, "I haven't got any husband." "That's right. You got five." "Why," she said, "I perceive that You're a prophet, Sir." She said, "I know when Messiah cometh He can do these things, but Who are You." 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min He said, "I am He that speaks with you." Amen.

L-19 There's the sign of Christianity. There's the faith that they had. There's the example. Why, she run into the city. Jesus come in, never performed any miracles or done any of His signs. He just talked to the people. They said, "We believe You. We believe you. Not because the woman said if you knowed the secret of her life, but--but because we heard you talk, we believe you. That's the reason we..." Watch what happened a little later on to that city. Jesus went on. Notice, that's the kind of a life He lived. He passed through the pool of Bethesda, by the pool, rather, where a great multitude of impotent folk lay, lame, halt, blind, withered.

L-20 Now, look. Do you believe Jesus had compassion? He was full of love. But it's just like the people sometimes, in love. They forget what kind of love they're talking about. The Phileo love and the Agapao love: one... Both of them is love, but one's love above, and the other is love here on earth. As I was talking to a reporter today, I said, "The--the love down here, the human love would make you shoot a man on account of your wife, but the love that comes from above would make you pray for his lost soul." Quite different. See? One of them is a love down here on this level, human love, and the other is the love that comes from above. And in compassions that looks out upon the crowd and say, "Oh, won't You heal this person. And he's sick. He's in such a need. This is a good man. We know him. Heal his little baby. Look," that's human compassion. But real (Here it is.), real Divine compassion is to do the will of Him that sent you to do it.

L-21 Jesus passed on by all the sick, and the afflicted, and the crippled, went over there, found a man laying on a pallet, said, "Will thou be made whole?" "Well," he said, "I can walk. When I'm coming down to the pool, why, somebody's a little better off than I am steps in ahead of me." Jesus said... Now look, Jesus knew that he was laying there, had been sick thirty-eight years, had this disease for thirty-eight years. Why would He heal someone like that? He was doing the will of the Father. And He found him. He said, "Take up thy bed and go into your house." He rolled his bed up and done what Jesus told him to do, went walking on. The Jews found Him, begin to question Him. They brought Him into a trial. Jesus was brought to a trial. And the 19th, after 5th chapter of Saint John and the 19th verse, Jesus when He was questioned... I wonder what they were questioning Jesus about. First thing, healing on the sabbath. Next thing, "Why don't You heal them down there? Go down there and make all them well if You can do it?"

L-22 Listen at Jesus remark back. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what the Father shows Me. What I see the Father doing, the Father shows Me, and then I go do it." In other words Jesus done nothing in Himself until He saw a vision of what the Father said do. Then He went and done it. That's Christianity: doing the will of God. That was His life. That's what Jesus did. Now, what did He say when He went away? We're contending for the faith that was once delivered. It had to come from somewhere if it was delivered to the saints. Is that right? The faith that was once delivered unto the saints, who delivered it? He said, "A little while and the world will see Me no more. Yet, you shall see Me, for I will be with you even in you, to the end of the world; and the things that I do shall you also." Even more than this, for I go to My Father." You get it? What was it?

L-23 The faith that He represented, He delivered to the Church to take it to the ends of the world. Amen. Oh, I hope you just really gets down under your skin. Look to your fifth rib on the left side. Notice, that was the--the faith that Jude was talking about. That kind of a faith, the things that Jesus did, the faith that He had in God, He delivered that same thing to the saints. For He said, "The same things that I do, you do also." Hallelujah. I hope it's all right. Notice, "The things that I do, shall you also. I deliver this to you. But before you can have it, go up there to the city of Jerusalem and wait a little while. I'm going to send the promise of the Father upon you. I'll be back to see you pretty 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min soon. I'm going up to Calvary. They're going to crucify Me and turn Me into hands of the Gentiles. Wicked men will crucify Me, but I'll raise on the third day. Then I'm coming back again. So tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem." Luke 24:49, "Tarry ye, or wait, up at the city of Jerusalem before you go into all the world with this Gospel. I want you to go up to the city of Jerusalem and wait there until I come."

L-24 If He's the one that's going to be in you, it was Him that come in Spirit form. "Go up and wait, for I'm going to send a promise, the Father had promised you. I'm going to send it upon you. Then I'll be with you, even in you, all the way to the end of the world. And I will be in you, doing the same things that I did while I was here in this Body. I'll be back in My mystical Body doing the same thing? See it? Oh, my. The only thing His death was at Calvary was to save a sinner and produce to the Church the power or the authority, and the faith to do the same things that He did, or to open up a heart, make a channel that Himself could dwell in. Hope you see it. Watch. We'll see if it did. All right. When He went away and the Holy Ghost come on the day of Pentecost... Watch. Immediately a little fellow named Philip, all filled with Christ, went down to Samaria where Jesus had not done any miracles, but told the woman in a Divine revelation of what was wrong with her and so forth; went down there and preached and performed miracles, and cast out devils, and they had great joy in the city. That was the faith that was once delivered to the saints.

L-25 Peter, after being filled with the Holy Spirit, was out on a journey one day, and went up to the top of the house to wait for dinner. He probably didn't have any breakfast 'cause he was hungry. And while we were making ready down here by the seaside, and Simon's house a tanner, Simon Peter went up on the housetop, which was customary in the Orient, to sleep up on the housetop, to eat up on the housetop, and everything. Peter went up and set down, and was resting a little while. And while he was resting, he was a representative of the faith. We have to hurry now. It's already nine. In closing, listen.

L-26 He had to represent the faith. For Jesus had told him that he would represent it. So then when he fell into a trance... Wonder what kind of condition he got into. The Bible said he was in a trance. Today they'd say "There's a spiritualist." He fell into a trance, and in the trance he saw a vision. What was the vision telling him? Exactly the will of God. The same thing that happened to Jesus of Nazareth. You say, "Now look, Peter, I want you to go up. There's some men coming, waiting for you now, and I've showed you this vision of this sheet full of unclean things." And Peter raised up, said, "Oh, no. Huh-uh. I'll never eat anything wrong." Said, "I--I... Never not a thing unclean's went into my body." Said, "I'll not eat." He said, "Don't you call common and unclean what I've made clean." Said, "Now, Peter, you don't understand the vision, but there's two men waiting for you. Get up, and go on with them doubting nothing." Oh, my. There's the faith that was once delivered to the saints. That's the way they acted with it.

L-27 So Peter got up, perhaps, never even eat his dinner, and away he went up. And Cornelius had seen a vision, and he called all of his people the elect, brought them in, and set them, probably took the wash bench, and everything, pulled out the chairs, and set all the people around. And Peter came in and begin to testify and tell them how the Holy Spirit fell on them on the day of Pentecost. And while Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on the Gentiles. That's the faith that was once delivered to the saints. And they all begin to speak with tongues, and magnify God, and glorify God, having the same kind of a meeting like they did on the day of Pentecost. Peter said, "Can we forbid water, seeing that these receive the Holy Ghost like we did at the beginning." So he commanded them to be baptized in the Name of the Lord. And he tarried with them several days. Along this time was a--a very indifferent man, Paul, with a Bachelor's degree and a D.D. and a Ph.D. that knowed all about all of theology. He said, "I'll take that bunch of people and, crazy people..." That's what he said, "Heresy." What is a person that's heresy, a heretic? Cuckoo, crazy. Said, "I'll arrest every one of them. They don't even know what they're talking about." 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min

L-28 Paul was down here in the natural realm with his Ph.D. See? He didn't know... He had an intellectual faith, but he didn't have a Divine faith. There's quite a difference in me having an intellectual faith than a Divine faith. There's where you, my Baptist friends, fail to go on. You get the intellectual faith by that, but it must be a Divine revelation of Jesus Christ to you that just came out of the heart. The intellectual faith is not enough. That's all right, but it only brings you to the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is a personal experience of the birth, the new birth, regeneration, making a new creature in Christ. Notice, Paul jumped on his steed, and down to Damascus with some letters from the high priest, said, "I'll arrest every one of them heretics. I'll bring them back." Look how the Gospel got spread. It didn't set still like it is today. Brother, when they seen the works of God doing performed to those apostles, away they went. They were really on fire. They were doing something. Probably Philip's revival produced a great thing. And when over there Paul on his road to Damascus from Samaria over to Damascus, God had done called a man, and filled him with the Holy Ghost, and give him the gift of discernment. And his name was Ananias. So Paul on road down; that's the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Paul on his rode down, trotting along down on his big old steed, just a bluff, pulling out great big old things. "I wish I'll get down to the big...?... I--I'll take care of them. I will stop all that rare noise and them visions and that--all that prophesying. I'll put a--I'll put a end to it."

L-29 And about that time the Pillar of Fire that led the children of Israel, never appeared before him, but smacked him right in the face and knocked him off his horse. Amen. Begin to wallow around him, looked up, and it was so bright around... The same Pillar of Fire, a Light that shined down stronger than the sun in its--middle of its heat. Paul shook his head. He said, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou Me?" Said, "Lord, Who is it I'm persecuting?" What a difference. God said, "Now, you see what I'm going to do to him? I'm going to make him--I'm going to make him a vessel; I'll make him serve Me." God's got a way of doing things, you know. So He said, "Now, rise, stand up on your feet and go down to the street called Straight." That's a good place to take a new convert. And... Said, "Go down to Damascus and... street called Straight." Now, I can imagine Paul going into somewhere there, and said, "Lady, oh, my heads a hurting. My eyes, I can hardly see a little flash. And I'm in such an awful fix." Got a little room, and rented it, over there in the hotel, and got in there. And all the day, he prayed, saying, "Lord, Jesus, I'll just tear up these old letters that Ananias give me. I--I don't want to know no more about them. I want to know more about You, Lord."

L-30 And there was an old preacher down there, who saw visions by the name of Ananias. See? The faith that was once delivered to the saints, how did he get it? See? The Gospel had been preached. And Ananias saw a vision, and he saw a man named Saul laying in a house, rolling, and tossing, and crying, and going on. The Lord said, "Ananias, go down there in the street called Straight, and lay your hands upon him, that he get his sight back again, and be healed and receive the Holy Ghost?" What is it? God appeared in a vision to Ananias. The faith that Jesus brought, the--the results that come with it, was produced on the Church. Said, "Go on down now, lay your hands on him, and he will receive the Holy Ghost and receive his sight." God still reveals to people, "Go, lay your hands on this one, tell this one, speak to this one, go over here to that one." You see it every night. Amen. Said, "Go down and lay your hands on him." He said, "Lord, I've heard about this fellow." Said, "He draws out, threatens, and we hear he's got letters from the high priest." God said, "Behold, he prayeth." When he come out of the vision, I can see him wiping his eyes and getting hisself back normal again, reached and got his Bible, as it was, his Script, and put it under his arm, and here he goes down the street. 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min

L-31 Looking down the street called Straight, said, "Now, let's see. I seen in that vision a house that looked a certain way. Where is he?" He goes on past the city park, down a past the court house, on down past the synagogue, walking along. And over there, he said, "Oh, that's it. That's the place I saw in a vision." Goes up there and knocks at the door, opens up and goes in, here laid old Saul in there, rolling, and tumbling, and praying. He walked up to him and said, "Brother Saul (Amen.)... Brother Saul, you see a vision coming down, didn't you? The Lord Jesus appeared to you, up there." I can hear Saul say, "How do you know it?" "Why, He appeared to me down here, and told me all about it." That's the faith that was once delivered to the saints. He said, "He met me down there and told me, 'Come up here and lay hands on you that you could be healed,' and also, that you might receive the Holy Ghost; for He's chose you.'" Oh, my. There you are.

L-32 And he laid his hands upon him, and prayed as he--God asked him to. And Paul's eyes was healed. And he took him right down to the river and baptized him, calling on the Name of the Lord, washing away his sins. And Paul was called to the Gospel. That's the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Paul standing up there one night, being a prisoner in the... going to the galleys of old Rome. I stood in the place where they chopped his head off and pitched him out a window into the ditch...?... There Paul, in prison, going out, was put on an old ship, going over laden down with wheat. And on his road out there, he told the people, said, "I feel that we shouldn't loose from here, from Crete, and go out there." He said, "I'm afraid you're going to cause some trouble." "Yeah, who is this prisoner anyhow? Get him on the board." And fourteen days and nights in the great hurricane, all hopes of ever being saved was gone. They was tossed back and forth, and the compass needle broke. Everything, the mast fell, and what a--what a condition. The old sails was ripped into threads, and every man was screaming and crying; and all hopes that they'd ever be saved was gone. Here was Paul with his chains on his hands and on his feet.

L-33 One night he went down into the gallery, perhaps, up in the bulkhead, crawled back in a little place and closed the door, a secret closet, and begin to pray, perhaps, all night long. The next morning, hear some chains rattling, coming up the steps, here comes Paul, standing out there shaking his hands, the callouses from the chains because of preaching the Gospel, contending for the faith that was once delivered to the saints, with them chains on his hands. Look. If he preached it and contend for it, God will reward him with it. There he is with his hands like that, said, "Just a minute. Just a minute. Be of a good courage, every one of you." And the old ship tossing back and forth. "Be of a good courage. For the Angel of God, Whose servant I am, stood by me last night," might've been a Pillar of Fire, I don't know what It was. Might've been the same One come to Peter and took him out of prison. I don't know. But said, "The Angel of God, Whose servant I am, stood by me last night, saying, 'Don't fear, Paul..." Said, "Everyone, gentlemen, I saw a vision last night. The Angel of the Lord came to me, and told me not to fear. For I must be brought be Caesar, howbeit, this little ship is going to wrecked on a certain island. And watch, I've got to stand before Caesar, and God has give every one of you that sail with me, is giving you to me. Wherefore, brethren," he said, "be of a good cheer, for I believe God. It'll be just as it was shown unto me." The faith that was once delivered to the saints, what was it? The Spirit of Christ in the apostle. Is that right?

L-34 Quickly, got to close... The Spirit of Christ in the apostles... We've often called the Book, "The Acts of the Apostles." That was wrong. It's the Acts of Christ in the Apostles, 'cause they were men. But they had the same faith. Now, the Spirit of Christ in the apostles which what was doing that? Thirty-three years later, Jude said, "continually contend for that faith. I will give all diligence to write unto you to exhort you (to stir you up in other words), that you would earnestly (earnestly), contend, (keep holding out) for the same faith that was delivered to the saints." Does your church believe that? If it does, it's contending for the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Earnestly contend for the faith. Now, does your church believe that Jesus Christ in the form of the Holy Spirit, is here today? If we believe the Holy Spirit is here, then the Bible said, "Jesus Christ was the same yesterday, today, and forever." Then the same Holy Spirit was upon the apostles has got to be the same Holy Spirit that's here today. Is that right? 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min What if I told you tonight that the spirit of John Dillinger was in me? Why, it'd be dangerous to be here. You look for me to have two big guns on my side, because the spirit of John Dillinger, an outlaw was in me. What if I told you the spirit of some great famous artist was in me? You'd expect me to dip the brush into the paint and paint a picture here of the sunset or the tides rolling yonder, that would fascinate you and hold you spellbound.

L-35 What if I told you the spirit of George Beverly Shea...? What if I told you the spirit of Einar Ekberg was in me? You'd expect me to sing with the melody that those men sing with, because their spirit is in me. And if I say that the Spirit of Christ is in me, Its got to produce the Life of Jesus Christ. Exactly. And if Christ is here, the hope of glory in us now, He will produce just exactly the same Life that He did then. Chicago, my beloved friends, the purchase of the Blood of our Lord Jesus, you are. To you who love me, and come to listen to me, I love you with undying love. And remember, continually contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints, brought forth by Jesus Christ, handed down from the apostles down to the Saint Frances, and so forth, on down, on down. He's the same Lord Jesus, yesterday, today, and forever. And I am here tonight to contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints. And God help me to always, until my dying day, to contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints. May you receive it is my prayer in Christ's Name.

L-36 Father, these few broken words that have been spoken now, some forty-five minutes long, tarried long, longer than I intended to, because of the press and feeling of the Message, the Word, to get to the people... If they can only receive the Word, then they'll have You in their hearts. And when I'm miles away, they'll still have the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Father, the best of my knowledge, I have told the truth, and the... All that I know how to say, that that is the truth. It's the faith. And now, Lord Jesus, You Who so wonderfully said these words, "I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world," won't You come tonight and manifest Your resurrection in the power of Deity, the power of vision, the power of healing, the power of forgiveness of sins. Manifest Yourself to this, we waiting children, hungry-hearted. We want to see the manifestation of the faith that was once delivered to the saints. No matter how many times You come, Lord, I still love it. I want to see it again and again; for I love You. I want to be with you forever. And, Father, I pray tonight that You'll take this service into Thy hands now, and come and do something like You did back there. Like You did to those at Emmaus, that day, breaking the bread, You done it different from anybody else; and their eyes were opened and they realized You, that You was there. They recognized Who You was. Won't You come tonight and do the same thing, maybe, not the same thing, but do something in a manner, that we'll know that it's the same Jesus that introduced to the world, the faith that the saints had, and still carrying on today. May the unbeliever, the skeptic be saved tonight. May the sick be healed and the saints rejoice. For we ask it in Jesus Name, Thy Son, Who promised us these things. Amen.

L-37 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... Spirit, I have given the people in the pit here with the switching their recordings, bless their hearts, they get those, 'cause a lot of loved ones, they want to find out sometimes what was said to them. Watch it. Now, before I go into pray for the sick, now, I will say this, my dear brother, sister. It maybe this night, that not one thing will be told. I can't say. I have no control of it. God controls that. See? Now, I want you to do this. Now, as believers... If you're skeptic, don't set in here, if it starts, because you'll only find yourself in trouble. But remember, you might have a disease, sure enough, so remember, demon powers will be at large, if the Holy Spirit comes to make them go. You believe He ordained us to do so? He said, "These... The worst, the last thing that He said, before He left the earth, the last address to the Church, "Go into all the world, and preach this Gospel to every creature." Is that right? It could not just be for the disciples, for He said, "All the world, and to every creature. And these signs shall follow in all the world, to every creature, that believeth. In My Name they'll cast out devils, speak with new tongues, take up serpents, if they drink a deadly thing, it wouldn't harm them. If they lay their hands on the sick they shall recover." And He was received up into glory, and it's the last time His voice has been heard audible on the earth since that time, till He bursts the heavens again to return. He said, "When I return, will I find faith? These signs shall follow them that believe": Faith. Come with the letters, brother. Let us pray now for the letters. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min

L-38 All right. Come here, lady. Now, I want to ask you; here stands a woman, standing here again tonight, I believe it was few nights ago, the same thing. The lady is a--a colored woman. And she from her beginning, her state, she's an Ethiopian, and I'm an Anglo-Saxon, or the white race. The same thing taken place at Samaria, when Jesus met the Samaritan woman. And she said, "It's not customary for You to have any dealings with us." 'Cause they had a racial affair in that day. But Jesus plainly let her know that there was no difference in people. That's right. "For men neither worship in this mountain or at Jerusalem," He said, "but the men worship God in Spirit and truth, and the Father seeketh such to do so." See? Spirit and truth. Now, this is an example. Here's the woman, I suppose we're strangers to each other, don't know one another. But God knows both of us. And He knows her as Ethiopian; He knows me as Anglo-Saxon. And we're both of the same blood. God made of one nation, one man, blood... Every human being has the same kind of blood. Can give trans... The Chinese, the Japanese, the yellow, the brown, the black, or white, they're all the same blood, just the color of their skin. So Jesus Christ died for both of us. We stand here tonight, her a Christian; I know she's a Christian, 'cause... How do I know that? Just the same way that Jesus knowed that Philip was a--a believer. See? He said, "Behold, an Israelite in whom there is no guile (honest and truthful.)" I never seen her before, so how did I know she's a Christian? Because moving in is a welcome spirit. See? She's a Christian. She believes. Now, she's here for some purpose. God knows that, I don't. But if He reveals it, then Christianity of A.D. 33 is in operation in 1955. Is that right? Then Jesus Christ is the same, yesterday, today, and forever, isn't He? As with the apostles...

L-39 God bless you now, while we pray and I talk to the lady just a few moments. Now, I'm speaking to you, in the prayer line. Now, if you're standing there without sufficient faith, if you're there just a little skeptical, I don't know. But I'll tell you, if you are, have... In the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, if you firmly don't believe this to be of God, step out of the line, because you'll probably get in more trouble than you are, where you're standing there. See? Just remember that. See? Because your prayer card brings you here (See?), that gives you a right to come here. But out yonder that's His selection. If the people out there without prayer cards, that's what He selects. This is the people that was just called by number. So I won't know who you are, and what you're coming here for. But when He shows visions out there, it'll be someone that He wants to know something about (You see?), or to say something. The Lord bless you. Now, lady, as a believer, with you in the Lord Jesus, and His great love and omnipotence, and I'm just... You say, "Brother Branham, what are you... I'm just talking to you, to... See, it's just like tuning an instrument. You see? I know that you're a believer. I know that, because your spirit feels welcome. But now, there's something that you've got on your mind, something they you want done, or a favor you want to ask God, or something. And now, to do that, I don't know. So, it's just like tuning an instrument. If you don't understand, you tune it, and tighten it and loosen it until it tunes right in. Then you've got the...?... you know, to make the melody (See?) same way. And that's the reason I talk to the people just first, and these here, there's so many out there, that's pulling through the balcony, and everywhere, just a weakening process, constantly, all the time. It's people, their faith. See?

L-40 But then, if I'd look out there first, I wouldn't know where It was. I know It's all out through the audience, but I don't know who it is. But if I can get two or three here, till I can get in harmony with the Divine will of God, and the leading of the Holy Spirit, then It'll move to the audience. See what I mean, Christians? Now, that's it. But of course you have eye trouble. You got glasses on, and not only for your glasses, but you got bad eye trouble that's bothering you, recently more than ever. That's right. It's your eyes, that you're here wanting prayer for your eyes, for they seemingly like that they're--they're going out. But you've come to ask me to pray for you, that God would spare them. For I know that to be the truth. And then, you... Let me have your hand just a moment. Yes, you've got a disease, not exactly a disease, but it's a growth. And it's a tumor, and that tumor is on the breast. And it's on your left breast. That's right. Now, do you believe that this is the faith that was once delivered to the saints? Do you believe that's the same spirit, that said to the--to the woman at the well, "You have five husbands"? He knowed you had your disease and what your trouble was, doesn't He? 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min Now, do you believe? Come here just a minute. Dear God in heaven, praying that Your Spirit rest upon our sister, and may she go and be made well for Your blessings being here, Your Spirit. And I... Your anointing upon Your servant, I lay hands on her at Your command, and say to the demon that's tormenting her, leave her in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, lady.

L-41 Now, would come, lady. I suppose that we be strangers ourselves to each other? You believe on the Lord Jesus with all your heart? There was a great pull that come from the lady that just passed. The reason of it, she had tumor, and you have too. That's what it is. You have a tumor, and that demon that just went out of her, was screaming to this one. You see? That's true. It's tumor what you want to be prayed for. Now, if I should talk to you a minute, God would reveal other things. But do you believe now, if I'd pray, that--that it would take place, that you'd be healed? You do? I tell you; you've got somebody else you want prayed for. Oh, it keeps rolling over in your mind. You was wondering. I'm not reading your mind, but you were wondering if I was going to pass that request. Isn't that right? I'm not reading your mind. That's true. It's your daughter. Isn't that right? And she's suffering with a--a mental condition. She isn't here in the building with you tonight. But you want her to be healed, don't you? Now, you feel Something all over you, don't you? If that's right, just wave your hand. That's the Angel of the Lord. Do you believe it now, sister? May your faith reach up now and it be over. Father, I lay my hands upon her, in the Name of Your Son, the Lord Jesus, and ask that this be the cure, in Jesus Name, for His glory. Amen. God bless you, sister.

L-42 Now, that ought to convince anybody in here. Jesus Christ raised from the dead. Is that true? Sure it is. All right. Bring him here. Oh, how lovely it is to trust the Lord Jesus. Now (You see?), really, now what the Holy Spirit would want me to do, right now (See?), right now, if I'd follow the perfect Divine leading of the Holy Spirit, it would be a committal right now. See? But may God share grace just a little longer, being that this is the last night, and we got so many lined up. May God grant it. But right now, I just feel like Something's going [Brother Branham makes a whirling sound--Ed.], just a calling over the audience, calling, calling. Oh, I pray, God, open your eyes, tonight, like the servant yonder. I am not a hypocrite. I am your brother. Pray and believe. Have faith in God, you people out there. How do you do, sir. Do you believe with all your heart that the Gospel that I am trying to preach of the Lord Jesus is the truth, sir? You do? You know it is. That's the way to say it. See? For by your words you're condemned, or by your word you're--you're saved. When you believe on the Lord Jesus, testify of Him before men, He will confess you before the Father and the holy Angels. We are strangers to each other, I don't know you. You don't know me. We've never met in life. But God knows you since you were born, knows me since I was born. And our Eternal destination lays within His hands. If He then, will come and let me know what you're here for, or something, just anything that He desires to say, something that you know I know nothing about, will it make you believe with all your heart?

L-43 Your trouble's in your chest. That's right. And here's the reason it's in there; you're a smoker; you smoke cigarettes, and that's exactly what's the cause of your chest being that way. Not only that, but I see you trying to give them up. You're trying to get rid of it. And seems like the thing's got such a hold on you till you can't. But your hopes is built, that now it'll leave. You won't be deceived. You'll get what you ask for. Now, go on your road. You're finished with cigarettes. In the Name of Jesus Christ the Son of God, this devil move from the man. Go, rejoicing...?... How do you do, lady. Suppose we're strangers to each other also, aren't we? We don't know each other. Jesus knows us both, doesn't He? It was the music of the organ... "Jesus comes." That's all right. The tempter's power is broken, sure enough, that's right. His power is broken. Lady, look this way. You are here for a condition; it's a growth. And it's on your arm, I believe. Is that right? A swelling, it's on your right arm, right beneath the arm in the pit of the arm; it's a growth, a swelling condition, isn't that right? That is true. You believe Jesus makes you well now? God bless you. Go on. In the Name of Jesus the Son of God, we cast out the evil from our sister. Amen. 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min That sounds very simple, and it is. But the power of God does it. Come, would you, lady? Suppose that we are strangers one to the other, we don't know each other. Jesus knows us both, doesn't He? He knows both of us. Of course, you even look a Christian, lady, to look at you. And your spirit is welcome to know that you're a Christian. That's right. You haven't had a flowerbed of ease, either, in life. I see a dark streak, a trail, just as it moves in the spirit. You're here for me to pray, for you for you got a growth too, and that growth is on the foot. It's on the left foot. Isn't that right? It's the truth? You got a loved one, or a friend that you want me to pray for too. You didn't think I was going to say that, did you? But I--I... That's who you're thinking about. And that person has had a stroke; it's had two strokes, two strokes. And another thing about the person, it's not a Christian. Isn't that true? Now, you're healed and go lay that handkerchief on your person, your friend, in the Name of the Lord Jesus.

L-44 You believe with all your heart? Be reverent. Just a moment, lady. That's all right. Go ahead. Just go ahead. There's a vision moving in the corner. I see some, like hills and waving timbers, and it's a... I believe I recognize the place. It's--it's, I believe, Pineville, Kentucky. And there's a lady, you're for your sister at Pineville, Kentucky, who's... You don't have... You have a prayer card, lady? You don't have a prayer card. You don't have a prayer card? Okay, that's all right then. Your sister suffers with TB at Pineville, Kentucky. Isn't that the truth? All right, God grant you your request. God bless you. Your faith has did it. See, friends, you don't have to have prayer card. You have to have faith; that's what operates the gift of God, not a prayer card, your faith. That's what operates God's great tremendous gifts. Have faith in Him; don't doubt Him; believe Him with all your heart. Praise be to God. You're standing for somebody too. And they're away from here. And I see it turn around; it's way down in the south; it's Atlanta, Georgia. Is that right? And it's a love one. And it's a young fellow, young folks, and it's a polio case. And I see them either calling or sending me a message to come pray for the person. Isn't that right? Take that handkerchief to them, and it'll be the same thing. In the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, be it so. Amen. God bless you. Have faith.

L-45 You believe God make you well? What do you say if I told you He healed you setting there in the chair? You believe it, Sister...?... You believe? You wonder how I knowed your name, didn't you? You live at 428 South Utica Street, over in Illinois here, Waukegan, Illinois. Go home; you got your request. Amen. Blessed be the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, the great Alpha and Omega, the Beginning and the End, He that Was, which Is, and shall come, the Root and Offspring of David, the Morning Star, the Avenue, the Gate, the God's provided Lamb, the Jehovah-jireh, Manasseh, Jehovah... Oh, all the redemption, and all the blessings, and all the power, all the might lays within Him, and in reach of every believer here tonight. Amen. How do you do, lady. Do you believe me to be His servant with all your heart? You suffer with a condition of the arteries: the hardening of the arteries. You believe that Jesus will heal you? And you're packing a handkerchief in your hand to give to me, to go on your husband which has arthritis, and he's in Michigan. Isn't that right? Take to him in the Name of the Lord Jesus and... Let's say, "Praise the Lord." [Congregation says, "Praise the Lord."--Ed.] If you can believe... You believe God heals you of that female trouble? Well, just go on off the platform, say, "Thank the Lord." Let's say, "Blessed be the Name of the Lord." Have faith in God.

L-46 That lady setting right there with the little hat on, colored lady looking towards me, suffering with chest trouble, you believe Jesus heals you, sitting right over there, lady? If you believe it, well, you can have it. Say... Yes, you that turned your head and looked the other way there, just then. There it is. You was holding your chest; something was wrong. If you believe Jesus Christ healed you, you may have what you ask for. God bless you. All right. Go and receive it. I seen another colored lady up here just at the same time; just a minute. But it was something different. May the Lord Jesus... Ever who you are out there, without a prayer card now, start looking this way, believing. I seen a colored lady doing something, but it was a different kind of an examination, than what was given to... Here she is. It's a fallen colon, 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min a colon condition. Setting right there, isn't that right? Wave your hand if that's right. God bless you. Go and be well now in the Name of the Lord Jesus. What more should you have to have to believe? Lady, you're nervous aren't you, upset, because you have a female trouble, a lady's trouble. It's a little ulcer on the female, the womb. Now, just go on your road; you're healed. Jesus Christ makes you well. Go on. Have faith in God. Are you believing? With all your heart? Oh, wonderful.

L-47 Don't think I'm beside myself. I'm not. Now, be reverent. I see someone... I believe it's this man sitting right here. He's praying about... He--He--He's got a boy he's praying for, that had a cataract operation on the eye. God bless you, brother, go on your road. You're healed also, so may the Lord Jesus be with you. Amen. Have faith. Don't doubt. Believe what God said is truth, and that's all you have to do. You believe God will heal you of that rupture, setting right there? Huh? You believe He does? All right, go on your road rejoice there, that gentlemen there. Believe with all your heart. Go on rejoice. Here's one setting right here has got a double rupture, setting right down here. You believe God's going to heal you of that double rupture? Huh? If you believe it, and can take faith, and believe with all your heart. You can have it. How do you do, sister. You have many things wrong with you. One of your great things you want me to pray for, is for that stiffness, that arthritis that's bothering you. Isn't that right? You believe you have it now? You think your faith is sufficient? You want me to lay my hands on you, of course; I'm going to do that, as you pass by. But come on. Father, let Thy Spirit come upon my sister. May this stiffening spirit that would cause her bones to run together, I rebuke it in the Name of Jesus Christ, may she go and be made well. Amen. God bless you, lady. Have faith. Believe with all your heart.

L-48 Weakness and nervous heart bothering you, you believe Jesus Christ is going to make you well? He has made you well. Turns right around you, go on your road and be happy, for you are healed in the Name of the Lord Jesus. Come, lady. Do you believe with all your heart? You want to go eat your supper? Enjoy your food again, that old stomach trouble be gone from you? Well, go on, eat your supper, just rejoice in the Name of the Lord Jesus. Have faith. Young lady, you're very young to have female trouble, that you have. But do you believe that Jesus Christ is going to heal you of it? I'd like to talk to you away from the microphones, a minute, can I? Just a minute. Sure. [Brother Branham speaks to the young woman in private--Ed.] Just something you couldn't say before the public. The young lady knows. Only God alone seen this happen. The young lady that was just up here and healed, just then. Is that right? Wave your hand. Only God alone... Yes. What I told you there, is that right? Just God alone would--could have knew it. See? Oh, He's here if you believe it. If you have faith. Come, lady. My, it would be good to get over that old diabetes and be well again, wouldn't it? You believe you are going to be well? In the Name of Jesus, God's Son, I ask for your healing. Go now, in Jesus Christ's Name and be made well. My brother, would you obey me as God's prophet? If you will, it's your only hope of ever getting over arthritis. Just walk off the platform like you was a young man, say, "I refuse to have it from this on. I've been standing in the Presence of His Majesty, Jesus Christ." God bless you. Go on your plat... Go off there now, walking. There's your faith. God bless you. Just go right on...?... Jesus Christ makes you whole.

L-49 Praise the Lord. All right. Come now. You believe? Now, just a moment. There's something dark hanging at the lady, real dark, circling her. O God, be merciful. Oh, it's a cancer. All right. Do you believe God can heal you of it now? He is the Healer, isn't He? You believe it with all your heart? When the Angel of the Lord met me, He designated cancer would be healed. Come here. Almighty God, this poor woman, knowing this condition exists in her body, I now, ask Lord, that my faith join with hers. And great Angel of God, Who met me that night, and designated, and said, "Not even cancer will stand, if you'll be sincere, get the people to believe." And Father, with all my heart, I believe that You'll heal her. And I say to the devil, leave her in Jesus Name, come out from her. God bless you. Go, believing with all your heart now. 55-0123E, Earnestly Contend For The Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 81 min You want to get over the high blood pressure, lady, setting there? You've been healed for about ten minutes now, setting there. Amen. I want you to do me a favor. Will you do it now? Your daughter's in the hospital, setting there next to her. That's right. Lady your hand over on him will you. Father, grant the deliverance of her, through Jesus Name I pray. Amen. Don't worry, brother, don't be scared of heart trouble. Go on your road rejoicing. Jesus Christ...?... Have faith in God. Believe with all your heart. Don't move now. If you go to moving around, we're going have the close the service here. See? 'Cause it upsets me. See? You got trouble in your side, setting right there, that second person setting in from the end, there. Don't you, lady? You was healed just then of it. Stand up, and just--just say, "Praise the Lord," for your healing. God bless you. Spleen trouble...

L-50 Come. Have faith. Don't doubt. Believe. If you believe, you can have what you ask for. How do you do, sir. I suppose we're strangers to each other, brother. You a Christian, believer? I see you are. You've got a request to ask me, sir; that's for a loved one, which is your father. He's got a stroke. He's had two strokes. And you, yourself have diabetes. And you're wanting... You're a doctor. That's right. And in your practice you pray for the sick. O God, in Jesus' Name grant our brother his request. Amen. God bless you, brother. Have faith. Do you believe? You believe for your eyes, honey? You believe Jesus is going to make you well? Sure He is.

L-51 I--I don't believe I can go much farther, friends, I'm just about... It's just, look like He's just--just wilting away now. Believe, will you just now? Every one of you. Have faith just now. Put your hands over on one another. Let me make a committal prayer. Come here, Brother Wood, or something quickly. See? Put your hands on each other now. (Get me some water or something). Put your hands on each other everywhere. Merciful God, as my strength is fleeting, O God, be merciful, Father. With the prayer of faith with all my heart I condemn every, sick, diseased persons body in here. And ask that You, the Holy Ghost, will represent to them the power of the resurrected Jesus Christ and heal them. Satan, you're defeated. You're no longer holding the people. You're exposed. In the Name of Jesus Christ come out of every person in here, that's in...?... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ The Second Coming
