Date: 1955-01-13
Title: The Fundamental Foundation For Faith
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Philadelphia Church
Location: Chicago, IL
Duration: 88 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 55-0113

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Shall we bow our heads. Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee for this wonderful privilege that we have of coming and worshipping Thy dear beloved Son, the Lord Jesus. We thank Thee for ever being mindful of us to send Him to the earth to take we poor lost sinners' place to suffer there for our sins and for take our sickness and bear it away. We're so thankful to enjoy tonight the attributes of that all-sufficient Sacrifice.

L-2 Now, move into the hearts of the people in a special way tonight, Lord. Do something just outstanding, we pray, not that we need that to believe, but that unbelievers might believe. Grant it, Lord. May we say when we leave like those from--coming from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us?" If You'll do something just special for us this night, we'll praise Thee in Jesus' Name. Amen. Can be seated. It's indeed a privilege to be here tonight, just to speak from this platform again to this lovely audience of people. And I'm sure that we will be blessed by coming together. And I was just bringing... being brought in a few moments ago and entered into the minister's study. I heard my lovely Brother Ekberg singing that: "Down From His Glory." That's my favorite hymn. And I would... I knew he was here then. We've had some great times together, and I'm happy to see Brother Ekberg feeling so well, looking healthy and everything. God bless him.

L-3 Now, I will try each night to get just quickly as I can to the Word that we won't be too long, for we don't know just how long we're going to be here in Chicago with you people. We trust that'll be quite awhile. As I announced last night, we do not want to hurry. Don't be excited, just wait. Give God a chance. Take your time. And then, we want to stay long enough for our... If anything thing comes up later after you're prayed for it, we'll be here to see what's all about. And then sometimes people lack a little faith or something, or got among unbelievers, or got out in the wrong company, or something another could've happened, or just a...?... act of faith. He's good at that. So we are--pray that God will help us and give us the words to say that--that will be appropriate for the season.

L-4 And now, Brother Joseph, our beloved pastor here, tells us that we are going to the high school Sunday for Sunday and next week. We're happy for that, and may the Lord bless us over there and give us the best of His Kingdom for His Glory. Now, in Saint John the 15th chapter and the 7th verse. And I wish to read this Scripture. And if you abide in me, and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will, and it shall be done unto you. And then in Saint John 14:12, we read these words. Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go to my Father.

L-5 And for a little subject tonight, I would take: "The Fundamental Foundation For Faith." Coming in this type of meeting, it takes much prayer. Takes times of consecrating and consecration also to the Lord Jesus. At the end of the road when life is all over, and I stand before the people that I've met here in this life, you'll only realize then what this has meant and what a--what it takes and how the working of the Holy Spirit deals with us in them matters. It cannot be explained now. You just have to act by faith. That's where I receive it. I cannot explain it. I just have to believe it. He gives it; I just receive it and just let it grow like that. That's His way of doing it.

L-6 Now, we hear so many people say, "Well, if I only had faith." Faith is--doesn't mean long, drawn-out prayer meetings. It doesn't mean long fasts. Faith is an unconscious thing. Your real faith, you're unconscious of it. You don't know that the faith you have got. It's an unconscious matter with you. Could you imagine Jesus questioning whether He had faith or not to stop the winds, or still the waves, or have faith enough to La--raise Lazarus up? Or... He never questioned His faith. Now, the first thing before we can have faith, we've got to have some foundation for faith. There's got to be something 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min behind it.

L-7 A man, when he chooses his life companion, he usually inquires of her life, and so forth, and what family she out of, and what's her background, so forth. It's... We have to have something like that to give a--a basis. You ask her. Now, only thing he can take is her word. That's all he can take and that's all she can take from him is his word. And there's no other way. And I'm so glad that God has placed it that way that we... A man taking his wife is like us--us taking Christ as the Bridegroom, or for Him taking us as Bride. We just have to base it upon the Word. Now, what are we anyhow? How'd we get here? What are we here for? Did you ever think of those things, along those lines? We are human beings, and what made us human beings? What made us different from anything else on earth [Brother Branham clears his throat--Ed.] (Pardon me.) as human beings?

L-8 No matter what a state a man's in, he's yet a son of God, no matter how sinful he is, how far away he is. He's a fallen son, but yet he's a son. God is his Creator. God is his Maker. God has bought him with a price. He may never reconcile himself to that. He may never accept it. It may never do him any good. But yet he is a son and she is a daughter of God. And what did God put man here for? Now, we could spend much time on these thoughts, but we won't. We just give it basic thought here for tonight. Then we'll go praying for the sick 'cause perhaps ministers has already spoke and so forth. Now, God, when He made man in the beginning, He made him superior to anything on earth. He gave him the jurisdiction of everything on earth: to control everything. He controlled the animal life. He controlled the--the fowl life, the fishes of the sea. He controlled the winds. He controlled the plant life. He controlled everything.

L-9 Man was made as a secondary god on earth. He was given the power to control all things, all elements of the earth. That was Adam. Adam was given these great powers. But then the power that he was given to make hisself, is where he fell. And Adam could speak to the winds and it would stop. He could speak to the trees and they would obey him. He could speak to the wildlife; it would obey him. He could speak to the waters, ever what it was. Everything obeyed Adam. Now, that is the beginning of man. That's what God give him power over: everything on the earth. Now, though the fall he lost that power, then he becomes unconscious of the fact, after losing his relationship and friendship, fellowship with the Father. Then he lost that. And all of his great channels become clogged up, and He couldn't get through. Now, what Adam was in God, Christ has redeemed us back to that. Now, a redeemer, to redeem anything is to bring it back to it's--to it's origin again.

L-10 And Adam never had to be sick. He never had to die. He never had a worry. He never had a heartache. He never had fear. He just climbed up in the arms of the Father and just like a child. Everything was his. And whatever he asked, why he just got it. Everything obeyed him, because he was God's child; and the child is heir of all things. Now, when man fell, he lost this. And now what he lost in the fall, Christ come as a Redeemer. Did you ever stop to think what Christ redeemed us for? He gave us Everlasting Life. He brought us back to the eternal fellowship and relationship to God to be His sons and daughters again, to restore back all that Adam lost in the fall.

L-11 Now, the thing of it is, since He has restored man back to this place, man in the fall has lost his conscious of what Father put him here on earth to do. In other words, all of the plumbing, as it was, in our brain, and the outlets, the faith, has been clogged up with business affair, with home life, domestic things. It's all become so clogged--clogged up with that until God can't operate through those channels that He made a man for. Now, when God made the human body, every little part had it's place to play: the teeth, the tongue, the eyes, the nose. God does everything in there to make it perfect in operation to make the man to live. And if God so patterned the man, the body of a man, how much more has He patterned and set in order the Body of Christ, the Church?

L-12 If God designed man's body, He certainly designed the Body of His Son, the Church. And He's designed us to come together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, and have these supernatural workings of God, outlets, through gifts of the spirit such as prophecy, and wisdom, and knowledge, and--and gifts of healing. And all these other different gifts 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min is outlets that God lets out His power and lets out His revelation to the people. And not as an individual so much, but as a unit we're all together one great body of believers. And how do we get into this Body, the mystic Body of the Lord Jesus? By one Spirit we're all baptized into this Body. Now, Satan by the laws of sin and death makes everything that sin and death bought operate to Satan sends a cancer. The man recognized it, receives it. Satan sends heartaches. We recognize it and receive it.

L-13 And if Satan by his power can make his laws work in man, how much more ought God with His power make His laws work in man? If Satan can make his laws, be sure and us recognize it, how much more ought God to His children to make His laws be recognized among His people of Divine healing, revelation, power, gifts, manifestations of the Spirit. The law of sin and death works in the people, and the law of liberty of Christ has come unto us to set us free from those things. So I believe this with all my heart. I believe that we're nearing the age that when people are going to recognize these things. That we've had so much vain philosophy, and so forth, and teachings that ought not to be, until it has set the human mind to a revolution of thinking on matters of this and that, and taking it away from the Word of God. As I've said, faith doesn't come by fasting. Faith doesn't come by praying, reading a book. All of that's good: fasting, praying, and reading--reading a book. But faith comes by a--a settled something that's in the human heart, that tells you just as sure as you come to this church tonight... When you come home, you told your wife you'd be home after the service was over, you do that unconsciously. You just go out and get in your car and go on home. Now, you could not do it, unless you have faith you could do it. You'd never move from where your setting, if you didn't have faith you could raise up. But you've done it so much, and you just become so accustomed to those laws, till it's a natural thing.

L-14 Now, if we could throw ourself completely to God and to His will and be lost to our own thoughts, and just let the mind of Christ be in us, them same operations of the Spirit would work through us just as the natural things does, just the same thing. Because we were first created for that pur--purpose to control, to rule, and to praise God and to live for God. Now, Jesus said, "If ye abide in Me and My Words abide in you, you can ask what you will and it shall be given unto you. If ye abide in Me and My Word abide in you..." Now, the Father and His Word is inseparable, 'cause the Word is His Son. "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh and dwelled among us." God and His Word is inseparable. You cannot have God without having His Word, and when you have His Word, you have God.

L-15 If you want to go back a little farther, just as far as historical, you could see the Word. In the beginning was the Word. But what is the Word? A word is a thought manifested, a thought spoken forth. God, first He perceived the thought and spoke it, and it meant--became a word, and the word became material. So everything that God has spoke in His Word, received into the right channel will materialize that Word for whatever the promise behind it is. God will do it. He's obligated to it. Then, "If ye abide in Me, and My Word abide in you..." Then you have God, the Word in you. And you believe the Word just as you believe God because It is God, and It's inseparable. Then if you have God's Word in you, you have God's Life in you. You have God in you. And whatever God's Word speaks forth out of you, It'll have to come to pass just like it was spoke from God.

L-16 Jesus said, "Whatever you ask the Father in My Name, that will I do." Did you ever realize what that means? Do you realize if we go before God in the Name of Jesus, it's just the same as Jesus Himself praying? It isn't me praying any more. If I come in His Name, and He recognizes His Name, and Jesus said, "Whatever you ask the Father in My Name, that I do." And then I go to the Father in Jesus' Name, it isn't me praying any more; it's Jesus. It's His Spirit praying through me. And then I've got to receive what I ask for, because He said it, and it's God's Own Word. It can't--It can't do nothing else but produce just what it said.

L-17 So then we believe that we are... This is the confidence we have in God that we get what we ask for, for He's God, 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min and cannot take back His Word. He's got to stay with His Word. So then, "If ye abide in Me and My Words abide in you, ask what you will, and it'll be given unto you." Isn't that simple? Faith created. We was made for that purpose. Then through the fall, why, we was taken away from that, and then in redemption we was brought back to it again. And the only thing that hindered the human race today from being superior and controlling like they did in the beginning is because that the power lines of the outlet of God made in the human being has been clogged up.

L-18 Sometimes... I say this reverently. Sometimes theology and church doctrines have clogged up your faith line. Clogged up your lines till you have been taught that those things can't be, and that puts a block in the way. Could you imagine this building here being energized tonight for light by the electricity? Electricity is an unseen force. When its harnessed and brought on, when Benjamin Franklin first found it, he screamed, "I've got it." He didn't know what he had. He had something. But along come Edison and put it to work. And today we can send a wireless telegram from right this place here, to anywhere around the world by a wireless telegram, an unseen force moves it through space that no man can catch it; only machinery can catch it because it's too fast for the eye. But yet there's a force that there's telegrams coming right through here now.

L-19 And now, if the natural laws of God which is electricity and things, once handed in the right capacity can do those things, how much more could the power of the Holy Ghost once passing through the human heart by faith, what it could do. Now, God has not promised us electricity only just might have set them free. But look what the Holy Spirit has promised to the believers today. And then we look back and see that God put electricity here for a certain thing. And science is moving into the field of science and bringing it out. But we as Christians, we become too clogged up. We just can't understand. Well, we think about, "The doctor said I can't get well." As long as you think that, then you're not thinking God's thoughts. You're--you can't do it. If you say, "Well, I'm going to die. The doctor said I was going to die." All regards to the doctor, that's the best of his knowledge.

L-20 If he said you was going to die, humanly speaking, I believe the same thing. But by the Word, I can't believe it. That's right. Because He promised me that whatever I asked the Father in His Name would be granted, and I believe that's truth. Now, if God could just clear that little channel out, and run that energy out to that place, then something's going to happen. The whole body is set together to operate and His life begins... Just as sure as it takes every member of my body to operate and give me life, so does it take every member of the Body of Christ to operate together to get it right. You know what I mean?

L-21 Some are set in this church teachers, apostles, and prophets, and gifts of healing, miracles, speaking with tongues, interpretation, so forth. All those things in this one great mystic Body of Jesus Christ, moving on the earth and someday, I believe, and I believe it's near at hand right now... Just like tonight at this light here and that light, he has give that little sling across the--the road over yonder, run--run that wire out there. That's the material. Well now, when the energy goes into that wire, it'll produce just exactly like it was in here. Now, I believe that a lot of times when the wiring up of God's spiritual body on earth... We must...?... I say that reverently to the electrician. That's... It's... The plumbing's all right, but we can't save them by water. You know that's right. And that's a good thing for a Baptist to say. But that's true. That's true as...

L-22 If the Body is correctly wired up, and the Father in heaven turns the big master switch on, something's going to rise up. That's right. That's if the Body is... if the building is properly wired. And if it's properly taught and every fiber of our body, being lost in Christ and to His Word alone... Now if you got theology, if you got some doctrine, if you got some superstition, you got some unbelief, you got something that stops up somewhere, then that energy can never pull through you. But when you got to a place where you're perfectly wired, and the Master Electrician has okayed it by sealing it with the Holy Spirit, the only thing is just 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min turn on the switch then, and there'll be a light show, and that's right.

L-23 And ye are the Light of the world, a city that is set on a hill that cannot be hid. And we, tonight, ought to be ashamed of ourselves, and honestly and humbly confess our unbelief before God, and ask Him to forgive us of how we represent Him in this life. He's depending on us. The Old Testament people did not have this Presence. You're unaware of that. You refer back sometimes to Elijah, to Moses, and to those people. Moses and Elijah and those people were great men, ordained of God, but yet not the privilege that you have. They haven't the privilege. They did not have the--the power given them to perform as you have got yourself, everything that's in Christ.

L-24 For they foresaw this day, and embraced it, and believed it, and looked for it to come before it ever come, and now we're living right in it and afraid of it. See? What a privilege. Now, if Satan's body can be operated by unbelief, and doubts and fears will produce what the Scripture says it will... It'll produce sickness. It'll produce disaster. It'll produce all those things. And then people, by unbelieving produce that, shouldn't people believing with the power of God harness these things and bring them back to correction?

L-25 What did Christ redeem us for? Did you ever thing what He redeemed us for? Why didn't He just make you the atonement and say now, "There's no need of giving them deep powers. There's no need in making this man a son of God. There's no need in doing that. I will just ask him to believe it and write his name in the Book of heaven and that'll settle it." But He gave us these redeemed blessings that we might operate the work of God, by the energy of the Holy Spirit. In Saint John 15, He said, "I am the Vine, and ye are the branches." Do you know that the vine can't bear fruit, although the fruit is in the vine? But the fruit cannot be brought forth from a vine. It has to have the branch to bear the fruit. And you are the branches. Now, the vine with all of its energy cannot produce anything unless the br--branch is willing to receive the energy.

L-26 Now, God is depending on you as a member of His Body to bear fruit of His Spirit. And now, if He's depending on you, let's open up our channels, and let the Holy Spirit come in tonight and energize us, and--and free us from all these fears and doubts. Revival's come. Someone said, "The power was only given to the apostles for those things." I'm not an historian but I have read much history--of church history. And I have never seen a time, in all the history of the world, where there ever was waves of the Holy Ghost that ever struck the church and without a revival but what signs and wonders and miracles followed it. God healed the sick in every age and will continue to do it in every age, where people and churches are willing to let loose and let the Holy Spirit take control of their being.

L-27 Martin Luther prayed for one of his close companions and he was healed. John Wesley... I believe it was recorded two hundred and forty cases of John Wesley praying for the sick, and they were healed. When he was riding his horse, his horse was lame and him with a headache, how that God healed both him and the horse. The horse quit limping. And on down through of Moody, Sankey, Finney, all those men when waves of the Holy Spirit moved across the church, there was signs and wonders. Why, one said one time, "If..." He said, I believe it was Moody. They was so many people that had been healed in the meeting while the Holy Spirit was falling... Although Moody didn't teach a doctrine of Divine healing. But he said there was so much healing taking place in his meeting, that he thought it would be the... h--his church would turn into this cathedral, like was in the--this place in France where they come up there and be--to be healed. So many people being healed, testifying of how the Holy Spirit, even without being taught Divine healing, the Holy Spirit will do it Hisself if He could ever get right...?... It'll produce it.

L-28 I've seen people who just couldn't even come for healing. Just be sitting there, and go home after being submissive to the Holy Spirit, and then go home and be perfectly made whole and didn't even realize it. The Holy Spirit is the Healer. The Holy Spirit is here tonight to energize every life, to do everything. Now, we see 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min what the basis of Divine healing. We'll have to draw this to a close, just because time won't let us speak much longer. We've got to bring it to a close. Now, there's something that's wrong. And in the beginning God has created you to be master of every circumstance. That's--that's the origin; that's authentic; that's God's Word. There was nothing, nothing could happen, unless you was the master of it. That's what you were created for.

L-29 Then sin came along through fall and blinded the eyes of it. And now, Jesus came along and redeemed it back. And now, the Father gives you the Holy Spirit to lead you and guide you, giving you all these Divine promises. Teachers, humbly saying it, as I love every man or woman that believes the Name of the Lord Jesus. See? And I am not a debater. I'm not to fuss; I--I don't believe in that. I believe in just receive the Word; that's all. And I believe that this is God's Word. And if this is God's Word, as I believe It to be, I believe that He's obligated to answer for me, every promise that's in the Book if I meet His conditions, and He seals me into His Kingdom by the Holy Spirit. Which I believe is not a fanaticism, though we have a lot of fanatics with it, but yet it's not a fanaticism; it is the truth. And then God is obligated to His Word, to take care of His Word. He watches over It to perform it.

L-30 Now, hungry people... You know what every cult in the world today is from? Every cult in the world raised up today, because of hungry children. That's what made the heathens in the heathen land worship idols: hungry children. That's what made fanatics go across the country: hungry children trying to look into the Word, to find out if this is right, or if that's right. Every cult sprang from that. And today, many things through that, honest-hearted people hungering and thirsty for God... For there's something in a man or a woman all the way back from the origin tells them that there's Eternal Life somewhere. Some seek it in an idol. Some seek it in a shrine.

L-31 I was down at a great church in--in Rome a few weeks ago, and they had taken me to a church where all the monks that had died, they was a burying them in there, like they plant a garden. And there's thousands of them that's been thought. And after they laid there, and their--their body deteriorated, the skin worms taken the body. Then they would dig up those bones and they had all the pictures in the room with people's bones, the little fingers and so forth. And all along the wall were just human bones wrapped together with skulls and so forth tying them together. All the whole building was made of that. Many of the monks died and in the grave there, going away to come back and have their bones placed in that.

L-32 Now, some of those skulls I noticed, as I passed along with the guide, and some of those skulls were rubbed completely white where people go along and rub those skulls of those monks, thinking that perhaps in there they might receive a blessing, they might receive something from somewhere else and where that monk went. There's a very striking thing at the back of the building, or the church where it was at. And there was a sign there I thought was very appropriate. It said, "We were once as you are now, and someday you will be as we are now." And that's true. Gives you something to think about.

L-33 But now, rubbing those skulls thinking that maybe there would be a blessing, what is it? Hungry-hearted people somewhere thinking maybe that someone that once occupied this body has moved on and could give them a blessing by rubbing their skull. That's only human. That's only something in the heart calling out, longing, reaching out, hungering and thirsting to find something. Now, there's got to be something right, and there's got... If there are hungers in the human heart for such as that, and we see the basics beginning of it, and see how it's led down till there's got to be something that's truth and something that's false. There's just got to be, friend. I say that reverently with all my heart and I say it as your brother.

L-34 And I am not belittling anyone's belief or--or any religion that you have. In here tonight, probably, is many religions represented, many religious people of different sects of denominations and so forth. And I respect every one of them. But now, let's just look right down after this little basic thought here, before we pray for the sick. Let's look down and see. Jesus said in this last text now that we're going to the first, "If ye abide in Me and My Word in you..." Jesus said, "He 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me has Everlasting Life." We have Everlasting Life. We've accepted that by faith. We believe it.

L-35 Now, Jesus said, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do, also even more than this." The right translation is "more." The--the King James here says "greater," which "greater" which means not--not in quality, it couldn't be greater, but in quantity, 'cause He could be all over the world. He could be doing the works here, and in Italy, and in Paris, and everywhere else doing the work. "More than this shall you do for I go unto My Father. A little while, the world seeth Me no more; yet you will see Me for I will be with you, even in you to the end of the world."

L-36 Now, we believe as Christians that Jesus Christ that died... Do you believe that when Jesus was here, when He walked on the earth here, that He healed the sick? How many believes that with all your heart? He raised the dead. He cast out evil spirits. And He did nothing except the Father showed Him, He said. Is that right? Saint John 5:19, He said, "Verily, verily I say unto you..." Now, He wasn't a person that went around just said, "Bring this one here; let Me show I can heal him." No, no, no. He went around, and where the Father showed Him what to do, He went and done it.

L-37 When He was here on earth, we... I say this maybe out of repetition. I don't mean it to be that way, but I've said it before. But let's look at His life just a few moments and see what type of Person He was. Then you can have an idea on what He should be today. Now, when He was here on earth, He was a perfect example of everything of the Godhead. He was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. In Christ was God. The body of Jesus was only the tabernacle of God. It's where Almighty God Himself lived and dwelt in a human being. You believe that, don't you? You have to to be saved. You have to believe that.

L-38 He was Deity Himself made flesh here on earth to manifest His love to the people and to take away sin of the earth. He came here in order that He could anchor death in His own body, He could anchor sickness in His own body. The curse that ought to have been on you, He took it upon Himself, and had to die as a man in order to redeem you back to this full fellowship with the Father again. What a marvelous thing. Our--our hearts can't conceive what a thing that was, what He did. But we're too slow. Our minds are sluggish. The--the valves have been stopped up. They've been paralyzed by unbelief, and fear, and doubt. And it can't flow free like it should do it, unless we let the Holy Spirit so dominate our lives till It pushes those valves till life begins to start to operating. See? Then we can see then. Sure, it's the Father.

L-39 Then unconsciously your faith is there. You don't have to worry about whether you got faith enough to do this, or faith enough to do that. It's just there anyhow. You just do it because the Father said so. And it's the living Word in you, and God's in you, manifesting Hisself just like He was in Christ. You say, "As He was in Christ?" Yes, sir. He said, "The works that I do shall you also; even more than this for I go to My Father." Now, that's His Word, Saint John 14:12. He gave that promise. Everyone will believe that was inspired. And... "So a little while and the world will see Me no more, yet you shall see Me, for I will be with you until the end of the age of the apostles?" No. "I will be with you, even in you to the end of the world." Hebrews 13:8 said, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever."

L-40 What was He when He was here on earth? He was a Man, humble, born lowly in a manger. He had no great, well education as we know of any schools. They wanted to know where He got this wisdom when He come to His own country for His people there said, "What school did He go to? What--what seminary is He from?" They know nothing about it. "Isn't that the carpenter's son out here, a peasant?" He had no training of man. At the age of twelve with His wisdom was... It--it outstood anything the--the teachers knowed. For there's a difference than having worldly, earthly education and having the power of God to dominate in wisdom...?... For He has hid it from the educators and revealed it to babes such as will learn. So there's no need of trying to find it 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min through seminaries, and through schools. You'll never do it. It's a hidden mystery that can only be known as God will let it be known. Now, if we see that, and know that that is the truth...

L-41 Now, watch Him just a moment. When we see Him here on earth... A fellow, Philip, come and got saved. He went and told his--his friend, Nathanael. He brought him to the prayer meeting, or whatever they were having, perhaps standing in the audience or wherever it was. But Jesus looked and fastened His eye on him, or wherever. He might have been in the prayer line or wherever it was. Jesus said, "Behold, there is an Israelite in whom there is no guile." And he said, "Well, when did You know me, Rabbi?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." Quite astonishing. He said, "Why, Thou art the Son of God. Thou art the King of Israel." He said, "Because I told you that, you believe?" He said, "You'll see greater than this."

L-42 Greater is only promised to those who believe what is light to walk in it. So if you refuse light, there's only one thing left, is darkness. See? So while it is light... We notice Him. He didn't claim to be a healer when He passed through Bethesda, and all those crippled, and lame people laying there. He never healed a one of them. Went up to a man laying on a little pallet as it was, or quilt, or something laying there. He said, "Will thou be made whole?" Now, the Bible said Jesus knowed that he was there, and knew he had been that way for thirty-eight years. Now, that's the Jesus of yesterday, isn't it? He knew that he had been that way thirty-eight years. He said, "Will thou be made whole?"

L-43 Why not that man blind, lame, halt, withered as He passed through that pool? Why didn't He make all them whole? He explains it in the 19th verse. He said, "Verily, verily I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing: and what the Father doeth, He showeth the Son." See what I mean? When the woman touched His garment, He never said, "I healed thee." He said, "Thy faith has saved thee." Her faith in Him is what made it right.

L-44 The apostle Peter and his shadow passing over the sick never healed them, not the shadow. But their faith in the apostle, it was their point of contact to get to God. Now, Jesus when He was here on earth, promising these things... Now, look. The very things He did, He never claimed to heal anybody. He only claimed to do as the Father showed Him by vision. But He was possessed with a power that we all know, that He would look into the audience when He was standing, and He would say a certain thing to a person. Like for instance, the woman that touched His garment. Something went away from Him. There's some way that He knowed that something had happened. I--I hope we see this now.

L-45 Jesus had some power; let's just say it that way. Jesus, this--the Redeemer to redeem us back to what we was before Adam's transgression... When He was here on earth as an example Son of God from the first indwelling of the Holy Spirit... And after He could bring many children to God. When He was here, He was possessed with a power that when a certain person had faith, He could turn to the audience and call who they was. A woman touched His garment. It satisfied her. She run back into the audience. She felt that her blood issue was going to be all right then. So she stood back in the audience, standing out there.

L-46 Jesus turned around, looked around through the audience. Said, "Who touched Me?" He necessarily didn't have to say, "Who touched Me?" He could've found her anyhow. So He just looked around over the audience, said, "Who touched Me?" She stood just as innocent looking. He said, "Thy faith has saved thee." See, see? That was Jesus of yesterday. Now, I want to ask you something. When He was here on earth, that's the kind of a life that He lived. That's the kind of a work that He did, the works of the Father. He said, "If I come to do the will of God, and I do the will of the Father..." He come to fulfill it as the old days, the Word of God. And God was in Him, fulfilling His desire to the people.

L-47 Now, He said, "After I go away, the Father will come in the form of the Holy Spirit and will be with you, in you 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min until the end of the world. And the very things that I do shall you do also." That's Scripture, isn't it? Now, I want to ask something. Then if He's come tonight in this form that I say that He has come in... I want to ask you a question. Did Jesus' death... Now, I want you to go to bed tonight on this. Think of it. When He was here on earth in a body of flesh, He had power to heal the sick. He had power to see vision, and to do as the Father gave Him to do. Well, in His vicarious suffering, and death, and burial, and resurrection, did He lose the power that He had? Did His obedience to God through His suffering, death, and burial, and resurrection, did He lose the power that God gave Him? Did He gain power? Yes.

L-48 In Saint Matthew 19:18, it said this... I mean Saint Matthew 28:18 it is. He said, "All (after His resurrection)--all powers in heavens and earth is given into My hand." Then He did not lose His powers; He gained more power. Is that right? Then if He has gained more power, then He can do more things. Is that right? Now, He's living in the Church today. Do you believe that? He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, promising the same works that He did would we do, even more. You believe it to be the truth? Then what basis do we have tonight for our faith? The first thing, friend, there's some of you here may not believe in Divine healing, may not believe in the power of God. First, you were born here to control all circumstances. Sin...

L-49 I want to ask you ministers something. How can you deal with sin without dealing with sickness? You cannot deal with sin on any major, without dealing with sickness, for sickness is a attribute of sin. You can't touch sickness, or sin more without dealing with sickness and all of it's attributes. For sin is the main... It's the head of the serpent. Kill the head, you've actually killed the body. And you can't kill it at the head without killing the body. So if He just come to heal us and not to save us, we could have something to say about salvation. But He come to deal with salvation for the soul, which is the head. And when you kill the head, you've got to kill the rest of the body. So you can't deal with...

L-50 Jesus couldn't come to redeem us from just sin without redeeming us from sickness or all the things that goes with it, even to death. He redeemed us from death. And we do not die. There's not a Scripture in the Bible that says a Christian dies. We have Everlasting Life and cannot die. God promised to resurrect the body in the last days. We rest in this assurance. Now, we have salvation, happiness and joy, which is the earnest of our salvation, of our complete redemption someday. And we have Divine healing as the earnest of our immortal bodies which is coming on. When we receive the--the attributes of His death into this old, physical, sin-cursed body. It brings it back, snaps it back again to life again to prove to us that there's a land beyond the river, where someday we're going where there is no sickness, nor sorrows, nor death in the complete Eden again. May the Lord bless you, my friend.

L-51 Now, my contention is to you Chicago people and around about, that Jesus raised from the dead, and the things that He did then, He does yet. Now, I'm not telling you to come join up with my belief, for I do not belong to any church. I don't belong to any denominational church. I have nothing against any denominational church. But I'm only asking you this. As a denominational Christian with only a profession of faith, you'll never see the mystery. You--you stay in your church, but be borned again of the Spirit of God, so the valves in your innermost being, in your mind, and soul can open up to the full statue of what God wants you to be, as a Christian in that denomination, and you'll do good. Your pastor will appreciate you if he's a spiritual man.

L-52 May the Lord Jesus now come on the scene. I've talked plenty, too much. But I want you to know that we have a basis on the Bible. This may be just a little different than what you ever heard it. You may have thought that the people here a few nights ago... Before I close. This comes to my mind, I must say it. Some man belonged to a certain denominational church that did not believe in Divine healing. I was in a little prayer meeting. He caught me, and he said to me, "If you be the servant of the Lord for the glory of God, that I myself might see it for the glory, here's a little crippled girl. Heal her and raise her up before me, and I will believe it." Now, you see, the man was lost, though he's a minister. He was lost. He didn't realize that the same spirit that said, 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min "Come down off the cross and we'll believe you..."

L-53 There was a sinner setting in the next room. So got the sinner, brought him up here. Said, "Now, sir, you take this poor lost sinner here that's sinful for the glory of God, and save his soul tonight and if you when you save him, I will heal her." That's right. "You save this one; I will heal this one." Couldn't. That's right. Sure. He could not save the man, neither could I heal this--the crippled girl. But Jesus Christ can save the girl, and Jesus Christ can heal the--or save the man and heal the girl. That's right. For it does not lay within man. We're only instruments that the revelation of God can be brought forth through our lips as the Holy Spirit speaks as we yield ourself to Him. And any Divine gift...

L-54 Many of you ministers here, you wouldn't want to say that you just spitted out a sermon and stood, popped it off. You'd want to say it come from inspiration. I believe it. Certainly. Well, it has to come from the Holy Spirit that energizes you to speak that message. If it isn't, you'll never be successful. This is Charles Finney, and so forth, and man who copied their sermons out and when he got up there and preached with the inspiration, the Holy Ghost... The same sermon he preached the night before, hundreds brought to the altar. See? There's such a difference. It's got to be by inspired. The Holy Spirit's got to unctionize in that--that thing. So is it with healing. There's got to be something take place through a Divine gift that'll energize the people with the Holy Spirit to believe.

L-55 Now, Jesus comes on the scene tonight and performs the very things that He did here in the Bible to prove that my contentions for Him is the truth. Not that I'm the truth, but He's the truth that I'm representing. Any man can come, tell you anything he wishes to. You don't have to believe it. But if a man tells you something, and God turns around and proves to you that that's the truth, and it's according to the Word, then you better believe it. It's a good thing to do it. God bless you while we pray. Father, now long speaking, most forty, forty-five minutes just speaking to the people trying to get them to see their purpose here. Their purpose is not to go to work, and come in at night, and eat the meals, and go to bed, and read the paper the next morning, and go back to work again day in and day out. Neither is it to go to church on Sunday morning, listen to the sermon, go home, go to work, and Father we're here to be instruments of Yours. You redeemed them back to their right estate. Man in his right mind believes God for all things.

L-56 Oh, we pray, Father, that You'll energize us tonight with Your holy Presence and send forth Thy Son, the Lord Jesus that gave this promise, that the world wouldn't see Him no more, yet we should see Him, for He'd be with us, even in us to the end of the world, and believe Him tonight. By these... This lovely audience of people sets here in the room, believing that the Lord Jesus Himself is standing near, knowing that not even a sparrow could fall to the street without Him being--knowing that. Knowing that He's here to perform it, that which He has promised; therefore, Father, I commit myself to You as an unworthy vessel, this frail being of mine, Lord. I pray that You'll open every valve of my being tonight, not only mine, but every person that's in this building tonight. May their hearts spring open. May the Holy Spirit rush in like wave after wave of His glory. And may the people [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] awaken to the fact that Jesus has raised from the dead and is standing here among us tonight.

L-57 Grant it, Lord, as I commit myself to You and ask that You'll grant these same kind that You did when You were here on earth. Purge the sick in the revelation of God. May it be brought to pass tonight, that the people will go out of here rejoicing home. May the blind go seeing, the death hearing, the dumb speaking, the cripples walking... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Now, who has... J-number-1. Let's see; we'll line up a few of the people. J-number-1: Look on the back of this little card. And on the back there it's got a number and a--and a J. Who has J-number-1, will you hold up your hand if you can hold your hand? Number-1? Who has number-2, would you hold up your hand? Number-2? Number-3? Number-2? All right, line up over here. Number-1, 2, 3? Who has 4, hold up their hand. 4? The lady here? Over here, lady. Number-5, who has number-5? Sir, over here. Number-6, who has number-6? Lady there. All right. Number-7? 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min Number-7? All right, lady. Number-8, who has number-8? Prayer card number-8? Would you rai... 8? All right, lady. Number-9, who has number-9? Prayer card 9? Would you hold up your hand? Number-9? You had number-9, sir? Would the ushers then go down, help them a minute. Number-10, who has prayer card number-10? Would you hold up your hand, friend, ever who you are? Number-10? All right, lady. 11, who has prayer card 11? Over here, 11. All right. 12, would you just raise your hand? Number-12? The lady here. All right. 13, who has prayer card 13? Raise up your hand, if you will. Prayer card number-13, would you raise your hand, ever who has it? Am I not seeing them?

L-58 Someone look at their neighbor. It may be a deaf person. If there's anyone that can't get up, can't raise their hand... Look around at your neighbor and see. Maybe somebody paralyzed and can't even get up. Prayer card number-13, is it here? Anyone look at your cards, your neighbor, someone setting next to you. Is there anyone any... There's a lady on the cot. Would you look at her number over there, lady? Is that 13? Oh, it's a... All right. 13, no one has 13? All right. 14, who has number-14? Anyone with prayer card 14, would you hold up your hand? 14? 15? Prayer card 15, would you raise your hand? 16? Prayer card 16, would you raise your hand? 17? All right. 17, 18, would you raise your hand? Prayer card 18, who has prayer card 18, would you raise your hand? Is prayer card 18... Look now when I call those numbers. Somebody might not be able to get up. Somebody might deaf and can't hear and they wouldn't know when their number was called. 18, 19, anyone have prayer card 19? Raise your hand. Prayer cards 18 and 19? 20? Maybe I went far and too... Well, we'll try... All right. All right, sir. All right.

L-59 Now, while we're... We'll wait there just for a few minutes and see if we could... Maybe we can call a few more in a few moments. During the time, watch around for the numbers and so forth. If these come in, I believe's 13, 18, and 19. And it... Was this 20? 20? All right. All right. If they can come in, why you put--place them in the line if they're out. Now, now, how many out there is sick tonight, has no prayer card, no way of getting in the prayer line, you've no prayer card, and you want God to heal you? I want you to raise your hand. Just raise your hand now, that's it. All right.

L-60 Now, I--I tell you something, my--my dear beloved friend, if you'll do this: if you'll forget about me being Brother Branham (See?), if you'll believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is here with you, that I'm just only your brother... And if you--if you'll just believe the Lord Jesus is here, and will you set and do this, if you'll do this for me... Just set down and say, "Lord Jesus, I truly believe that that's the truth. I believe the man has told the truth, for he's read out of Your Bible, and I believe it to be the truth. Now Lord, I--I know the man doesn't know me, and if You'll just have him to turn around to me like You did to the--like He did to the woman that had the blood issue or blind... or the blind man--man at the gate of Jericho--Bartimaeus the son... And say, 'As thy faith has healed you.' If--if you'll have Him turn to me and say that the Lord Jesus in that poor unworthy person there... But if he's representing You, then I'm going to to pray and ask You. I believe it, and I want to be healed, and I want for You to give me enough faith tonight to pull that man around, and tell me something another that--that I--I... that I want to know. (See?) Or something like that." You just do that and pray to the Lord for some sign or something like that...

L-61 We don't be... We don't have to have signs now. Remember, weak and adulteress generation seeks after signs. But friend, we have been so educated till we're educated away from the supernatural. That's right. Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." We are never seeking signs, but God is always there with signs, from the very beginning in Revelation--in--in Genesis to Revelations in the Bible run of the church said it was constantly signs, and when there was no signs, there was no God. May God bless you. I want to ask you. You know the life of Jesus Christ that was written in the Bible, how that He did no miracles except the Father showed Him, and how He told Philip... He told the woman at the well how many husbands she had. It startled the woman.

L-62 And if that Lord Jesus will turn tonight and vindicate that that is the truth, will you accept Him as your Lord and Saviour? If you will, raise your hand; say, "I--I--I will believe right then. When I see it done again, I will--I will pull down all my doubts, and I will believe. Now, for that cause, may the Lord Jesus... Now, you see, I was telling you last night about India. Look what a challenge is right now. Wait till the Lord gives something in the meeting that I can see what He's going to do. Then watch that challenge. See? Watch that challenge 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min the same way. See? It's not that He's challenge... But it's when God tells us to do anything, we believe it.

L-63 We believe this Bible to be the truth. But we can't overstep it on this side of... We've got to do... It never lays within the power of me to do it; never lays in the power of any man. But it lays in the power of God, and God has to reveal Himself to the person some way to give him faith. Here's His Word said He will heal you. If He reveals it to you that He's healed you, you never come to this prayer line. You won't need it. It's already over. When He reveals it to you that He will do it, you don't want no more than the revelation of God's Word. May the Lord bless now while... If the pianist will over there, my dear brother, slowly if you will the little song: "Only Believe." Thank you. Now, let's quieten just a few moments.

L-64 Usually the prayer line... I don't know how long it'll last. I told you I wasn't in no hurry to leave Chicago. I want to stay here. God's got something in Chicago that's... This preacher here has longed for twenty years. Every time I come here, I feel something moving, strange. I don't know what it is. I want to find out. And if God be willing, I want to stay till He leads me...?... Now, Lord, here we are beginning the service tonight. Took a little long the first night, but we're in no hurry, Father. Everybody stayed right in their seats and waiting. We're here 'cause we love You. That's the reason we're waiting, Father, not because You're servant is speaking, but because that Your Spirit is out there on them. It just fascinates them and holds them.

L-65 Every one of us, Father, are looking, trying to find something behind the curtain there. We know we come from somewhere and we're going somewhere. We want to know more about it. Will you please, Father, reveal it to us tonight? Reveal Yourself here. Take something like You did the bread that day and do it tonight like--that the people would know that it was Jesus. Just like those disciples up there at Emmaus that time when the way You broke that bread, they knowed that You was the only One could do it that way. And will You do it Your way tonight here in the building? Do something like You did when You were here on earth, and we'll be thankful for it, Father.

L-66 Now, as the Divine gift which was given by You, and ministered to me by an Angel... I submit myself into Your hands that this gift may magnify the Lord Jesus Christ. We ask it in His Name. Amen. Wish that I could always come to a meeting feeling this way. He's just right here now. What a feeling. Oh, how I've longed... This is the first time since I come back...?... Now, everyone be real reverent. Be in faith. Be believing. Look this a way. Brother Joseph, you and Billy and all of you watch the time, for I feel that God's fixing to do something this evening. His Spirit...

L-67 Remember last night, the human, the revelation, the vision? This is hope. This is faith, and this is perfection. THUS SAITH THE LORD. Right now I feel in this realm that God's fixing to do something. I feel real good about something. I don't know what it is, but I feel that He's fixing to do something. May His blessings come to us now. And now, pray for me that I will be able to submit myself such as an instrument, your brother, to the Holy Ghost that He may come and take this body to manifest His beloved Son. What a privilege. How unworthy, but yet who would be worthy. The Blood of Jesus Christ makes us that: unmerited grace. Now, I believe this is the lady that I'm to pray for. Is that right, lady? I'm to pray for you. I want you to come here.

L-68 And now, to every person here, if you have a prayer card and in the line, if you don't solemnly believe it with all of your heart, don't you come in the prayer line. For remember, it could turn to be something horrible for you. So you believe. You've heard of those things. Now, I want the engineer, if he will, to step up the volume. If the vision starts moving on this here, I don't know how loud I will be speaking. And some of you kind of push me, or poke me, as if I can, 'cause I know this woman standing here now, the Angel of the Lord Whose picture is on the paper that you've seen... We have some of those with us after while. He's right here now. Now, I want you as you come to me in the prayer line. Just look and answer the questions as I ask you. You just answer what I tell you. Then you be the judge. 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min

L-69 Now, this lady standing here before me, perfect stranger. I do not know her. And I, perhaps, never seen you in my life. We're strangers to each other; are we? We are strangers. Now, I'm only saying this, my sister, as a contact, a point of contact. In other words (see?), there's something going on that I cannot explain. If... It's something supernatural. It's beyond my knowing why. But somehow there's something has to happen to you. Something's happened to me. Now, if you were standing in the Presence of our Lord, the Saviour, He'd know just exactly if the Father would reveal it to Him, what your trouble was and what you were here about. Is that right? He could tell that. But He... Now, the reason I said, "Just answer me as I talk," 'cause sometimes when a vision's going on, I'm still talking, and I don't know. I picked it up on a tape the other day. The people were trying to say something back. I didn't know it. I was still talking the vision, 'cause it takes me somewhere else, and I have to talk just as I see it. Then I will return back. You can be the judge.

L-70 And if God can know something that was in your life, you'll--you'll know that--whether that's true or not. I don't. But if He's here in His supernatural way, and can know what--what you have been in life, and then tell you what will be... If what has been is true, then what will be, is said, will be true. Is that right? Now, whether He will or not, I do not know. But now, did you notice while I'm talking to you, so that the believers out here might understand... Jesus called a woman one time to bring Him a drink of water. And He just called her for a purpose, to talk to her. After He talked to her a long time, He went right straight to the point. He said, "Go, get your husband." She said, "I don't have any." That's where her trouble was. Said, "You got five." She said, "Why, You're a prophet."

L-71 He said--He said... She said to Him, "I know that when Messiah cometh, He will tell us these things." But Who was He? Said, "You must be a prophet." Now, watch. To know the secrets of the heart is a sign of the Messiah. Is that right, audience? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] The woman said at the well, said, "When the Messiah comes, He will know these things. We know that when the Messiah cometh..." It's a sign, the Messiahic sign of His Presence. What will happen to these people who calls it mental telepathy or witchcraft? I don't know. But He talked to the woman to find out something about her.

L-72 Now, me not knowing you, and you not knowing me, and yet the Holy Spirit to be here that would reveal something that you know is the truth, and that I know nothing about, then you'll have to say that I have some way of knowing about you. Is that right? Would you believe it was the Lord Jesus Christ? You would. Would the audience believe the same? If you would, raise up your hand. May He grant it, is my prayer. You're wondering while I'm stall--stalling about, or waiting here. It's Spirit all around me. See? Everywhere. It's--it's a... Usually if I can get the patient out alone by theirself, it's different. But here--here's a line standing right behind me, a whole group. Here they are setting all out through here. They're around here, back behind me, everywhere. It's just spirits everywhere.

L-73 And to single out just one spirit... Maybe I'd look this way and happen to see somebody setting down in here. See? It would be different. So it's--it's something that God has to do in His sovereign grace. Now, it'd have to govern itself. I cannot govern it. It... But I see that you... There's a--a man standing around where this woman is, and it's a--it's a--a sick man. And it's--it's not your husband. It's a--it's a friend of the family. It's just a friend. And the man's a Christian, and the man is... I see him making ready, or a doctor has examined him, giving him something to drink in his mouth. And it went into his stomach, and it--it--it's a--it's a ulcerated stomach, and he's up for an operation, immediately to be operated on. You've come to stand in his place. Those things are true, aren't they? If they are, raise up your hand. If the Lord Jesus is here to know what you want, not even for yourself... It's for someone else. Then can He grant our request? Do you believe now that He raised from the dead? His same power was then is now. Does the audience believe the same thing? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min

L-74 Our heavenly Father, I lay my hands upon this woman in a representative way as she stands here in a Christian act to represent someone. You stood to represent us all. You represented us in death as a sinner. You represented us in sickness as a Healer. And, Father, You represented it in the resurrection as immortal life someday. And we thank You for it. And I bless this woman that when she goes to the person that she is standing for, may the person not die but be made well through Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Amen. Tell your friend... Your handkerchief, you had it in your hand now. When you take that handkerchief, you place it on him. How this audience ought to be shook by the powers of the Almighty God. How strange we can set still in those things.

L-75 Come forward, would you, lady? We're strange to each other, aren't we? I do not know you. I have never seen you in my life. And yet, here you stand tonight, and I stand in your presence, and we're both in the Presence of Almighty God, our Father. You believe me to be His servant, and all these other people to be His servants? We're all Christians. You believe that His great body of the mystic Body of the Lord Jesus Christ has assembled here tonight together, these Christian people? You're a Christian yourself. I see someone that's laying down. It's a woman, and she has fallen. You're having some kind of a spells that--that you pass out, or black out. And I see something you... is a door or something you went through a... fell through a... it was a--it was a screen door. You fell through it, and you hurt your--your--your ankle, your left ankle. And it pulled a ligament loose in your ankle, and they won't heal up. And you've been thinking that if you could ever get here to the platform that Jesus Christ would make you well. That is the truth. If it is, hold your hand.

L-76 You believe you're in His Divine Presence? Then if I become anointed with His Spirit enough to tell you things that no one knows, perhaps, but you alone and God, and He said... That would make you a believer. Is that right? He said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay their hands on the sick, they'll get well." Is that true? Then come here for your healing. O God, our Father, Creator of heavens and earth, Author of Everlasting Life, and Giver of every good gift, upon the merit of this, my sister's faith, and Thy Word, and the resurrection of Thy Son, and His Presence here now with us, I pronounce her to be well in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you my sister.

L-77 Have faith now. Believe with all your heart. Supposingly, we are strangers to each other, lady. God knows you, knows all about you. I do not know, but you're confident that something's going on, perhaps a little different than what you thought when you first come up, but it's His Presence that's doing these things. It isn't me. I'm just a man. You believe Jesus healed you of that stomach trouble, setting there, sir? You believe the Lord Jesus is going to make you well? If you believe it with all your heart, all right... You with the red shirt on there, go home and eat what you want to now. Your faith has made you whole. You didn't realize, sir, how that was done. You thought it was ulcer, but it was cancer, 'cause this woman standing here suffers with cancer too. And that's where it was pulling from.

L-78 You have cancer, and that's a growth that's on the breast. The doctor told you it was malignant, and it's on your left breast. Isn't that right? Do you believe you're going to get well now? In the Name of Jesus Christ, may it be so. God bless you. Have faith. Believe with all your heart, all your soul, and all your mind. Just believe. That's all God asked you to do. That's right, brother. Just have faith. I see there is a spirit moving over a--a man looking at me setting right here. It's something that goes with that other man, two of them together. You suffer with a rupture, don't you, sir, setting... Yes, sir. So do you over there. Isn't that right? You both have rupture. Raise your hands up if that's right. Both of you men here... Watch that. Believe with all your heart now. God bless you. Oh, do you now believe? Should have faith now.

L-79 We are strangers to each other. Aren't we, lady? I do not know you, but there's Someone here Who does know you. That's our heavenly Father. He knows all about you. You're suffering with a--a nervous trouble. And that's not altogether what you're here for. You got other troubles too. And the main thing you're here for, is for somebody else, and that's a young boy about eighteen or nineteen years old. And that boy is a nervous trouble too. I see you got at a doctor, and he give him some kind of a... Oh, it's a shock treatment, the boy. And they... He's suffering with a... It's a--a nervous or disturbance. He--he's self-conscious. He don't 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min like to get around where people's at. He is a Christian, but the devil has him bound. And he's afraid to come to church. You're healed, and go bring him now that he can be healed also. God bless you. Have faith. Don't doubt. Believe with all your heart. Jesus Christ will make you well.

L-80 [A man speaks from the audience but Brother Branham continues to speak with the person in the prayer line--Ed.] You believe, sir, with all your heart? How long have you been a Christian? A long time? Do you believe with all your heart? You believe me to be His servant? You believe the Holy Spirit is here? I do not know you. God does know you. I suppose this is our first time meeting. But He--He knows all about you. Something strange about you, sir. Please be reverent in the audience. Do not disturb the meeting. Be reverent. You can go home and eat what you want to. The Lord Jesus healed you with stomach trouble there. God bless you. Believe. Have faith in God.

L-81 I keep seeing a strange thing around you, sir. I can't make out what it is. Just a moment. Oh, it's a--it's a wall. It's a place. It's a... You are... Oh, I see you--you're from a place. It's--it's a penitentiary or something another around somewhere where you're from. And that's Michigan City, Indiana. And you are here because that you're nervous, and your--your wife is all upset about something. And it's about a--an elderly lady. And she's in the hospital with cancer, and that's her mother, your mother-in-law. You're a preacher too. And your name is Reverend McKinney. That is right. Isn't that right? Things will be all right now, brother. Almighty God, Author of life, send blessings upon the man now in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. God bless you. Be merciful, God... You believe? Have faith in God.

L-82 To look earnestly, sir, you got something on your heart, haven't you? It's a friend. Has cancer, doesn't he? You got a little girl you're interested in too. She's got polio, hasn't she? If that's true, stand upon your feet. O God, be merciful to this our friend here, standing for someone else. May his desire be granted unto him according to Thy Word, Lord, as Thou has promised, "Whatsoever things you desire and you pray, believe you receive it, and you shall have it." In Jesus Name I pray. Amen. God bless you, my brother.

L-83 The Angel, that Light just quickly then went to someone back here, but I--I think it's my friend sitting there, Brother Flannagor that I was looking, and I believe it was him. It might been what attracted my attention. I'm not beside myself, but it seems that it was along there. Lady has arthritis, setting there. Isn't that right, lady? That's where she was standing. It's for you with arthritis. Setting next to you there, that lady's in need also. She has something wrong with her hip. Isn't that right? You have colitis also, don't you? Isn't that right? You believe Jesus makes you well? Put your hand over on your friend. Then you all put your hands together. Almighty God, Author of Life, Giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon these Thy handsmaids, Lord. Give to them the desire of their heart that they may be made well, through Jesus Christ the Son I ask it. Amen.

L-84 All right, bring the patient. Come, lady. All right. I want you to look at me just a minute for the child. You believe me to be His servant? I am a stranger to you. Isn't that right? Do you believe with all your heart then, lady? All right. You come here to... You are not here. This is not your child. You are a... You take care of this child. But you come because of a goiter. And you take care of this child. And this child has got a little sister, and the sister's older, and the sister is--got bad eyes. And the mother is the--of these children are Catholic. And she told you before coming if the babies would be healed, she'd become a believer.

L-85 Let us bow our heads. Almighty God, Author of Everlasting Life, Giver of every good gift, send Thy blessings upon this child. Grant the healing. May Thy virtues, Lord, which raised up Jesus Christ from the dead now quicken this child. Grant it, Father, through Jesus, Thy Son, I ask it. With our heads bowed, believe just a moment, everyone. I want to minister to the child with every one of your heads bowed, eyes closed please. God of mercy, send Thy blessings to the little one and make it well, I pray through Jesus' Name. Now, you may raise your head. Look here, darling. Look up here at Brother Branham. The baby was cross-eyed. Now, look this way, honey, over here. Now, look back this way, over here. Look over here towards me. Her eyes is straight 55-0113, The Fundamental Foundation For Faith, Philadelphia Church, Chicago, IL, 88 min as yours is. All right. You can take it on and tell the mother that it's...

L-86 Let us say, "Praise the Lord." [Congregation says, "Praise the Lord."--Ed.] Our Father, Who art in heaven, hallowed by Thy Name. Thy Kingdom come. Thine will be done in earth, as it is in heaven. Let Thy grace, be in it, Lord. Move in the people with signs, wonders, and miracles that the people might know that Thou art Christ, the Son of God. May You...?... every one... blessed Lord. Grant these blessing through Jesus, our Lord we pray. Amen. Lady... The lady is just about blind. No hope for her eyes except Jesus Christ. You've come believing. Let us pray. Dear Master of Life, I pray for mercy for this my sister as her ancient father helped You bear the cross up this hill. And here's his child tonight, stumbling along here in darkness. Merciful Father, heal her, would you, Lord? You've given us power over demons. You've promised it. I believe You, and every fiber in me believes it. And Lord, I ask You to energize both of us now that the Holy Ghost may have the right of way. And I condemn this blind spirit that's blinding my sister's eyes in the Name of Jesus Christ, to leave her. While the audience keeps their head bowed.

L-87 Now, I want you to look at me. Just about gone wasn't it? You see my face...?... Can you put your finger on my, on my... Put... Touch my nose...?... That's right. Your sight's come to your eyes. You may raise your head, audience. I asked her just now to touch my nose. Do it, would you, lady? Go on your road rejoicing. You're healed, sister. Do you believe with all your heart? Believe God will that the diabetes away from you, and you'd be made well? You believe with all your heart? God bless you. Go on your road rejoicing, saying, "Thank the Lord for His grace...?..." God bless you. Do you believe Him, sir? You think God will take that stomach trouble away from you and you go home and eat your supper? He has. God bless you.

L-88 Kidney trouble's nothing for God to heal. He can make it all well. You believe that with all your heart? Come here. Father, in the Name of Thy Son, the Lord Jesus, heal our sister. Amen. Go... Don't doubt; just believe with all your heart. You shall receive... Just a moment. Something come before me, a large building. Now, everyone reverent. Our heavenly Father is speaking something. I see a building. Keeps coming before me. It's sets in a--in a city, and the city is in a valley. Got a great towering spire upon it, great high place, moves off kind a in that shape. It moves now. It's coming to the corner. It's a woman, and she's taken by loved ones to a... It's a clinic. It's Mayo Brothers clinic. And the woman comes from Michigan. They take her in for an examination, but they can't find out what's the matter with her. It's a brain disease. It's someone in here, setting in here somewhere. It's a woman that's rather heavy, and she... Oh, where about? God bless you, lady, laying there on the stretcher. It's you. Stand upon your feet. Take up your bed, and go home; you're well. Let's stand to our feet, everyone. Almighty God, Author of Life, Giver of every good gift, bless this people...?... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Doctor Moses
