Date: 1955-08-28
Title: Sir
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: We Would See Jesus
Location: Lausanne, Switzerland
Duration: 87 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 55-0828E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 And if I've left out anyone, I didn't mean to. And from the bottom of our heart, I say this for Dr. Guggenbuhl, and for Mr. Arganbright, Mr. Bosworth, and Billy Paul; we wish you good health. God's blessings on you. Pray for us. We must go home right away; start another meeting right away. Now, tonight, I--Mr. Bosworth has just preached to you, and I--I'm sure you enjoy Mr. Bosworth's message. Now, I'm not going to preach tonight. I kept you so long this afternoon, and you were so gallant, because you stayed through the storm. Satan didn't want us to have that meeting. And we know along, God give us the victory. Around about thirty-five hundred have stood up to renew with Christ. And I was just told that two thousand signed a--a card of--of salvation. We praise the Lord. Can you see why Satan was angry? Didn't do him no good; God ruleth. Amen.

L-2 Now, I--just going to give you a little testimony. But it's a little testimony of--of the work of the Lord, a little inside part of my own life. I feel that we love one another well enough, that you know that I'm not here for personal fame. I'm here for Jesus. So just to give a little testimony... Before we do that we want to read just a verse or two out of God's Word. I want the translator to read Saint John 12, the last three verses. And may the Lord add His blessings to the Word....?... you ...?... [The interpreter reads the Scripture in French--Ed.] The Lord add His blessings to us. Now, we'll not speak on this subject, but just to read some of His Word. I just love His Word. And now, every one praying. I want to see every one of you healed tonight. If I could do it, I'd do it. If your doctor could do it, he would do it. But it takes Christ, and it takes your faith in Christ, and God--and then God will do it.

L-3 Now, these Greeks that came to Philip, their heart's desire was to see Jesus. How many has that same desire tonight? Every one. We all want to see Him. That's the call of the human heart: Sirs, we would see Jesus. Now, that's what we want to do tonight. Let's just think a minute. Now, let's just get away from all of our fantastic ideas. And if He's so real, as Christian's claim He is, why can't we see Him? We say He--He's not dead, that He's living. He said He'd be with us and every generation would see Him until the end of the world. Now, Jesus promised that: He said, "A little while the unbelievers won't see Me no more. But you'll see Me for I'll be with you to the end of the world." Then every generation has been promised to see Him. So let's take a look for Him tonight. I want to see Him.

L-4 I remember one time I was getting up my little old cabin, cold... I was trying to make a fire, and oh, it wouldn't burn. And I turned on the radio, and a sister was singing, "I want to see Jesus." I just set down in the floor and just started weeping. I raised up both hands and I said, "Yes, Lord, I want to see You." And you want to see Him. And if He is so real, why can't we see Him? If you're looking for Him tonight, what type of a person would you look for? Would you look for a man in long robe, dressed different from other men? Not Jesus; He dressed just like other men. He was--if He was here in a body of flesh tonight, He'd wear a suit of clothes like we have. And we couldn't look for a well dressed man, and I don't imagine He would look like He was from a band box.

L-5 We wouldn't go out to the great, great cathedrals to find Him, for when He was here they wouldn't receive Him. And they wouldn't again tonight. Would you go to a man that had a great forceful voice? No. Would you look for a man that had a great swelling education, that had so much education till He continually spoke in tongues? Just so common people couldn't understand Him? Not Jesus. He talked like common people. So where would you find Him? You'd have to find Him among the common people. He'd be a common man. Then what would He be doing? Bragging on His education? Bragging on His affiliation in churches? No. Would He be bragging He was a healer? No, He'd be saying, "Not Me, it's the Father that dwelleth in Me; He doeth the works. If thou canst believe, all things are possible." He would look out over the audience, the people suffering, He'd say, when they have faith, "Daughter," or "child, thy faith has saved thee from such and such disease." Then if the Father would 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min tell Him something, He'd speak it out to the audience. That's the kind of Jesus we'd look for.

L-6 Now, His body, with nail scars in it, has not come back yet. It's setting at the right hand of God. See, He's setting on the Father's throne now. But when He comes back, He's going to set on His own throne, the throne of David that He inherited. That's when He comes in physical form. But He's here now in spiritual form, working through your body...?... my body. That's Him now. So we see Him by the works He does. They couldn't believe that He was God, so He said, "If you can't believe Me, believe the works that I do, for the works that I do, testify that the Father sent Me." See? They couldn't believe a man being God. But said, "Just look at the work." He said, "If I do not the work of My Father..." What did He mean by that? He said, "If I do not the work of My Father, believe Me not. But if I do the work of My Father, then believe Me. The Father's testifying of Me." That was the work of the Father. What Thou ask...?... everything He said. Look exactly what He said and what He prophesied. Perfect. They knowed it was God. Now, God's in us, the hope of glory. Oh, I would just love to talk of Him.

L-7 Now, just a little inside life, just a little testimony, then we're going to start praying for the sick. And now, you just put all the faith you got right on Jesus and watch what happens. I'm just looking for something tonight. I'm looking for a great climax in this meeting. ...?... was you looking that way?...?... Believe it. This is a crucial moment, and I can feel it in the Spirit, just like something's fixing to happen. I believe it is. I'm looking that way.

L-8 One day, I was going down to Florida. I was riding on a train. I saw a vision. I saw a little boy with a--very poorly dressed. And he had a little bobbed off hair. And he had been killed. His--his little foot had run through his stocking. It was all mashed up, and he was laying kinda sideways on the side of the road. Much green grass, a great big rock; and a lot of trees, evergreen trees...?... And I went on down to Florida. I seen Brother Bosworth. And I stood in a crowd about like this, and I told them there was a vision. And when they come, I write them down. I try--got one written right here. It's yet to come to pass. It's written in hundreds of Bibles where they write them. So I said to the people, "Write this down. That's, "THUS SAITH THE LORD," this will happen just like this. A little boy killed is going to be healed." I described it. Thousands wrote it all across the nation as I went. It was three years. People wrote it down. Tens of thousands had it. Was published out in the paper, "Voice of Healing." It's got to happen in this country everywhere.

L-9 Then a few days after I'd seen the vision, I was coming out to the large tent. Brother Bosworth was there that night. And there was a man met me. And he said, "Brother Branham, I'm sure your vision is my little boy." He's laying right back out here dead, been dead since this morning. He drowned in a irrigation ditch." Said, "Come, see him. And I won't even let the undertaker take him." Why, I said, "All right." I taken some with me. But when I seen the little boy, it wasn't him. The little boy I seen was about eight or nine years old. This little boy was about five. The little boy I seen was very poorly dressed, but this little boy was very well dressed. The little boy I seen had brown hair. And this little boy had slick black hair. There's no rock, no grass, no trees; it wasn't the vision. So I just offered prayer for his comfort.

L-10 Later on, about two years later, I was way up at Kuopio, Finland. And many of the brethren taken me up on a tower and was showing me around. Many times in these meetings, I don't eat much, sometimes fast for several days. I'd been fasting then three or four days. I do that because the Bible said, these come out only by fast and prayer. I said to my--one of my managers, Mr. Lindsay, the editor of the Voice of Healing, "Something's fixing to happen." He said, "Why?" I said, "I don't know." I went down the tower, and there I met an Englishman. He was drinking. He said, "What are they doing up there?" I said, "They're singing hymns." He said, "I don't believe in no such." I said, "You ought to be ashamed." And a few minutes later, we led Him to Jesus.

L-11 We got in the cars and started down the hill. As I looked off over the mountain, I seen people running way down, 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min many miles. And I seen a car turn over. I said, "There must be an accident." So about twenty minutes later we came to the accident. Some of my brethren, Mr. Moore, Mr. Lindsay, and many of them, they got out of the car, and they looked what had happened. Two little boys, one about nine and one about five had started to cross the road, and an American made Ford had--had--had come around the bend real fast. If any of you have ever been to Finland... If any of you has ever visited Finland, very few cars. They're a very poor people, but very fine people, real Christians, devout. And I noticed, and one little boy, when they started to separate, the car turned sideways to the right side of the road, and the fender hit one little boy under the chin, and threw him across the road, and slammed him up against a tree, and there he dropped. The other little boy went--went under the car, and the car rolled him up, and kicked his little body way up in the air, and he fell over in a grass patch. So they had taken the first little boy; he was breathing; they took him to the hospital. And so the other little boy they had laying there, and they--they had a coat over him. About three hundred people standing, and the chief man of the city was there. They'd got to get--get the father and mother who was working way away on a farm to come to the scene.

L-12 My brethren got out and looked at the little boy, so they come back and told me. Said, "Go, look at him, Brother Branham." I said, "Oh, no. I don't want to see him. My own little Billy then must be about that age." So I said, "I don't want to see him." I wasn't going home for a long time, and I didn't want to look at him." And after while--but we had to wait for the mother to come, then they were going to take him to make him ready to be buried. And Brother Lindsay said--said, "Come out and look at him, Brother Branham." So I finally got out. And when they took the coat off of him, oh, my, that scene: his little eyes rolled back, his little tongue out, his little foot was mashed through his sock; his shoes had been knocked off of him; his little arms all crooked up. Oh, blood running out of his ears, out of his mouth, oh, he was terrible looking. And I started weeping. And I started to walk away.

L-13 Now, I don't know how much you believe this. I can only tell what's true. But I felt Someone put their hand on my shoulder. I thought it was Brother Lindsay. And I turned to look at him; there's nobody around me, and the hand was still on my shoulder. I turned again; I thought, "What is that?" Felt like Someone's hand. So I started to walk, and it felt like this: pulled back. So I thought, "What is this?" See how--see how stupid a--a man can be? See? We don't understand spiritual things. And I looked down at the little boy; I said through my interpreter, "Have them to raise that again. So they lifted the coat. I looked at that face. I thought, "I seen that boy somewhere. Been a long time." And through the interpreter, I said, "Has this little boy been in the prayer line?" No one knew. I said, "Seems like I've seen him." And I started to walk away, that hand again. And I stopped again, and I looked again. Happened to look up like this; there was the green field; there was the rocks lapped together; there was the trees. I said, "Let me look at him again." There he was; his little shag haircut, little brown eye turned back, little foot through in the sock, perfect to the picture. Oh, you don't know how you feel then. All devils out of hell couldn't stop it. Can't stop it then, God had spoken. Oh, what a feeling: you know what's going to happen.

L-14 I turned around to Brother Lindsay and Brother Moore. I said, "Open up your Bibles." Said, "What's the matter, Brother Branham?" I said, "Turn to the flyleaf." Said, "What about it?" I said, "Read." They said--begin to read out the description of the little boy. I said, "Looky there. Look at these trees." I said, "That's the boy that I saw two years ago." I said, "THUS SAITH THE LORD, if this little boy isn't on his feet alive in five minutes, then I'm a false prophet." Oh, my. I said, "Stand still." And I told the audience. They didn't believe it. I could sense--was touching one another. And so they made... The interpreter was telling me what there were saying. Said, "Now we know he's a fanatic." But that didn't stop it. I turned around, just the way the Lord told me; I said, "Heavenly Father, You Who cannot lie, in the homeland two years ago You showed me this boy. And You showed me he was to come to life." I said, "O God, now hear the prayer of your servant. And death, you can't hold him any longer. Give him back his life, for THUS SAITH THE LORD, he shall live 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min again." And the boy screamed, jumped on his feet, not even a bit sick or nothing, just as perfect as he could be.

L-15 That went plumb down through Russia. (Went all through Russia.) We was just a few miles from the border then, and that night when I was going in, there was Russian soldiers standing at the salute. Four soldiers had to--four Finnish soldiers had to take me about six blocks to get to the down through the city, had to get to the Messuhalli where we had the meeting. They were standing saluting, tears running down their face. My interpreter said they was saying this: "We will receive a God like that. We'll believe things like that." What's the matter with Christianity is the weakness of the pulpit. Preachers aren't ready to take God at His Word. Amen. True.

L-16 Now, I'll never forget something happening. When I went in that night... Now, they'd give orders to nobody be on the street. Couldn't do more than speak to you (just to speak to me.). I--I don't like them to do that, but you'd have a stampede. And we'd eaten in the room all the time...?... too bad. And I remember, I was going in. And these little soldiers with knives, and I was walking between them. We went in--we went into a little room. As soon as we got in there a door slammed and a poor little Finnish girl stood looking at me. She thought she had done wrong. She started quivering. I knew that child wanted to see me but she was fearful. She had a big--a big strap around her, had a big strap over her shoulder. One leg was shorter than the other. On her right leg she didn't have any use of her leg. So they had big braces on a built-up shoe.

L-17 Now, watch. I'll--I'll demonstrate what it looked like. Around here was a big band. In the back was a--a leather strap, went come over her shoulder, and this brace was over her big shoe, put up this way, and hit on this band around here. She had two crutches, and the only way she could walk, now she had to come across this a way, and close to the toe of a shoe, and when she'd make a move, take her shoulder, lift up that leg, set it out like that. Then she set her crutches out and lift up that leg, and that's the way she walked.

L-18 And I noticed as she was standing there, her little ragged looking hair, her little skirts was all ragged. I learned later that she was a little Finnish war orphan. She had no father and mother; they were killed in the war. And she was just carried about, and charity had made her this big thing. And she looked at me; she ducked her little head down; and she looked up again; and that Finnish soldier... The interpreter had went in the door. I couldn't speak a word of Finnish, and they were pushing me on, ...?... [Brother Branham illustrates--Ed.] I said, "No, no, no, no." And two of them was against the wall, these other two behind me. I turned around to them; I said this, Shh, shh. [Brother Branham makes a sound--Ed.] And I said... this side... Shh. And they stopped and looked. And I looked at that little girl; I said, "Sweetheart, do you want to come to me?" She couldn't understand me, so I motioned to her. And she smiled, and here she come, moving that little leg. I just stood still, and I looked at her. And she got right up close to me, set her little crutches down. And I wondered what she was going to do. And her-her little ragged clothes--it--it just burnt my heart. And you know what she did? She took her little hand and took ahold my coat and kissed my pocket. I tell you; my heart would break. And she pulled her little skirts out, that's the Finnish way for a little girl. She said--and she said, "Kiitos," means "thank you." And I looked again, said, "O God, if I was the biggest hypocrite in the world You would reward that child for that faith." And I started to move this way, and I looked. And there went a vision: the little girl was walking normal; I couldn't tell her. I said, "Sweetheart, Jesus has healed you." She didn't know what I was talking about. I said, "Well, sooner or later she'll find it out."

L-19 So I went on in, and that night, when the boys came to me, great piles of crutches laying--how the Lord had healed them, then they said, "It's time for you to go." I said, "Let me call just a few more cards." So you know what happened? The next one that I called was that little girl. So they set her up on the platform. I thought, "Oh, here it is." So here she come. I said to the interpreter, "Now, just say what I say." I said, "Sweetheart, out there in the hall, Jesus healed you. Now, you go over there and set down. And when they... Let some man take this thing off of you. Put your hands on your hips, and move--and move your hands right down as they take the brace, until you feel your leg's the same size. Then come back and show me." So we started to call someone else. In a few moments, here she come, braces and crutches in her hand, running as hard as she could run, perfectly normal and well. Jesus Christ had made her well. 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min

L-20 I got just to tell you about the other boy. Won't take a moment or two. Listen. The second day passed. The little boy never gained conscious, and that little mother was frantic. When they'd start to take me in the hotel at night, the managers would have to pick me up by the arms and pull me over the top of her. The little mother, about twenty-five, and she was just frantic. So they--she said... She wanted me to go pray for her boy. So the next day I had her--I had them to bring her up, she and her husband. And I said to them, "what do you want?" She said, "Go heal my little boy, kind sir." And I said, "I can't." "Why," she said, "you healed the other little boy." I said, "No. Over in the homeland God showed me a vision." She said, "Then see vision of my little boy." That's a mother. I said, "That's mighty sweet, but I can't make visions come. He just gives them." And I said, "Are you a Christian?" "No." "Is the--the father Christian?" "No." I said, "Why don't you become Christians? I'll tell you why. Because if the little boy dies, he's just a little boy; he'll go to heaven. But if you die, and not a Christian, you'll never see him again. Now, why don't you be Christians, and in doing so, you might find favor with God. If you have to find favor with me or with someone else, you do something for them, be kind to them. And like the--the people did the prophets and so forth, and the apostles. Approach Him reverently."

L-21 So they seen they couldn't lose, so they got down on their knees and had a real conversion. The father kissed his wife, started home. But the little mother said, "Now, go heal my boy." I said, "Sister, it's against the campaign rules to make a private call." In years of travel, we find it this a way: Now if you go to one, and not another, it'll cause hard feelings." I said, "If the Lord leads me, that's different. But I can't go just like that." I said--I said, "Think, there's over ten thousand of them now wanting me come." I said, "You just go home. Jesus can give me a vision here in this room as same as He could over there." She listened; she said, "Go, see vision." I said, "No." I said, "You go, and if He gives me a vision... He might not do it. He may never do it. And if He does, I'll call you up." "All right." She went home. About ten minutes later, phone rang. The interpreter picked it up: "Did Brother Branham see vision?" "No." Hung it back up. About ten minutes again, rang again: "Brother Branham seen vision?" "No." Hang it up. Just kept on, on and on.

L-22 That night, when I come in, I--I had this same Bible over my heart. One of my brothers was with me by the name of Howard. Said--he said to me, "Billy, you remember some bad candy we got in Canada?" Said, "You think that was flat, taste this": two little pieces of chocolate. I said, "Thank you." I usually stay by myself in a hotel because of the visions. So Mrs. Isaacson and them went to their rooms. Each one went their room...?... So I went in; it was way up near the midnight sun. Being up on the midnight you can read the newspaper on the street. It doesn't get dark that time of year. So I went over to the window. Now, listen close; we'll close.

L-23 I looked over to--out the window, here come hundreds of those little Finns down through the park, praising God. I stood there, and I said, "Dear God, some glorious day Jesus will come, and He'll make all things well. Oh," I said, "I love You, Lord. You're wonderful, Lord. And I love You with all my heart. Won't You be merciful?" And I heard something. It went [Brother Branham knocks twice--Ed.]. And I looked, setting on a table, and there was a vase. It had two flowers in it. One of them down this a way towards the south was about half way down. The one towards the north was hanging all the way down. And I said, "Where'd that come from?" And I looked around, and 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min here stood by my side that great One, Angel, big man, white robe on, dark hair to his shoulders, had His arms folded, and He was looking at me. He said, "What did your brother give you?" I said, "Two pieces of candy, Sir." He said, "Eat them." And I picked up a piece, put it in my mouth, and I started eating. swallowed it: taste good. And just then this flower was laying toward the north, made a noise, went, "whew, whew," [Brother Branham blows in the microphone--Ed.] raised up. And I looked over, and I thought, "What was that?" Geographically, that's just the way both boys fell: one to the south, one to the north. The one to the north is one had been raised from the dead. He said, "Eat the other piece." I put it in my mouth, and I started chewing it. Oh, it was bitter. I started to take it out. Now, here's something. I looked at this other flower, it was going, "Tuhh...?...[Brother Branham hits the pulpit--Ed.] going down, going down. He said, "Eat that." I put it back in my mouth, held my breath, eat it real fast; I swallowed it, and when I swallowed, the other one went "Phew" [Brother Branham blows into the microphone--Ed.], raised up, stood right by the other one. And I said, "What meaneth this?" Said, "Go, call that mother." Hallelujah. "And say, 'THUS SAITH THE LORD,' God has heard her prayer, and the baby's going to be all right."

L-24 I rushed quickly to the phone. I let out a big scream, and as I let out a scream, that--everybody begin screaming and running. And when I got down there, I said, "Go, call the lady." And when they went and called her, they called at the hospital; said the baby was dying. So they got the mother to the phone, and when they told her, you know what happened? She was screaming to the top of her voice. She said, "Brother Branham, the baby has come to, and we're taking it home now. The doctor can't find nothing wrong with him. Praise be to God." Did I have anything to do with that? No. The mother's prayer saved the child. I only done what I seen to do. What is it? Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Shall we pray.

L-25 Dear heavenly Father, come now, will You? Oh, as my heart looks back, and I think of those golden days up there among those lovely, faithful people, great signs and wonders You did, different parts of the world, I'm wondering. Some glorious day we'll all meet again. O, what a time that'll be. We're so thankful that Jesus came. Now, many are here tonight, Lord, I wished I could heal them. The doctors wish they could do something for them. God, help them doctors as they're ministering with all their heart. We pray that You'll give them wisdom. These people want to live. But, Father, many of them are out of the reach of the doctors. You're the only One that can help now. Oh, won't You do it for them? Come tonight. I--I have told them that you healed them when You died at Calvary. And when You were here, You just claimed to do what the Father told You.

L-26 God, once more, while we're leaving this lovely nation, give them, once more, Thy loving blessing of Your Presence that's with them. God, bless this little nation. Just put Your hands upon it. You've shielded it from war, and You've helped them. O God, may they be grateful to You for everything. Now, in time of war we hear that this was like a hospital. O Great Physician, come into the hospital, that the people might see You. Now, dear heavenly Father, may it be tonight, like it was with those who came from Emmaus. You walked with them all day. They didn't recognize You. They didn't know It was You. And many here, has walked with You, and they don't realize it. But, Father, the way they realized it then is the way that You done something. You--You done it different--just different from other men. Now, won't You do it again tonight, Lord, just something different tonight, that they may know, like those at Emmaus, that it was You. I believe they'll receive You and go home rejoicing like they did, for we ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-27 Dear Christian friend, here we are the last night of my part of the service. Let's come to Him now. Let's believe Him with all of our heart. Let's not have one bit of doubt in our heart. I believe that you know He's here. I want to see you well, so bad. I've done all I know how to do. I believe Jesus has done as much as He can do. I don't know nothing else He could do. Now, let's believe Him.

L-28 How many... What's them cards now? They give out prayer cards. Let's call prayer card D--D-1 to 50. Now, who has prayer card D number 1? Raise up your hand. Now, there's three hands up; should only be one. D-1. All right, 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min come here, lady. All right. Come over here. All right. D-2, raise up your hand. D-2. Tell them to wait real quiet, real quiet. That's the reason we give prayer cards. Keep reverent; keep real reverent. All right. Now, you all look this way to me. Look this way, every one. Now listen, when your number's called, don't raise up. Just raise up your hand. Now, who has D number 1? D number 2, raise up your hand. D number 2? All right. D number 3? Maybe somebody's deaf. Some of the ushers, look at these cards along here. D number 3? Look at each other's card. See if it's... D-3, would you raise up your hand? Has he... All right. D-4....?... D-4, raise up your... All right. All right. Over here. D-5. Over here. D-6? 7? 8? 8? 9? 9? 10. D-10, 10? 10? 11? 11? 11? D-12. All right, come. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-29 ... How many want God to heal you, anywhere in the building right [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] ...I want to pray over these handkerchiefs. You want to join with me, Brother Bosworth? Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee for the order of laying handkerchiefs on each other and...?... Thy Word has said so. We believe Your Word. O God, as I kneel here with this old patriarch servant of Yours. Hear our prayer, our love to these people. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] ... that You placed in our heart....?... placed in our heart here in faith believing. And we send the handkerchiefs to them,...?... Jesus' Name that You'll heal each one. Amen.

L-30 Didn't mean to...?... That's good. Let me... [Brother Branham speaks to the interpreter away from the microphone, while they are moving something--Ed] All right. Now, every one real reverent. They're trying to check with the doctor or something about the lady that was sick. If he thinks she's fixing to die... Let's talk to Jesus about that first, see what He says. Amen. A--a--the prayer line... Somebody go down there. Go down, brother, if you will. All right, take their card.

L-31 Now, I want you to look this a way. And I want you to believe with all your heart. I want you to really believe. Now, if there was anything that I could do to help you for you to be well, I'd do everything I could to do it. Now, I can't do it. The only thing that I can do, be like your doctor. If you had something wrong, and he had a medicine for that, he'd measure out that medicine, and give it to you. That's all he can do. Next, is up to God. If you had something to be operated, he'd operate commit the rest to God. He couldn't heal the patient; he could only take out the thing that's hurting. He couldn't heal, but make the rest to God.

L-32 Now, God has give men a--a gift to preach. They preach, telling you Jesus died to save you. You believe it and be saved. The man can't save you; you have to accept what Jesus done. They preach to you and tell you Jesus died for your sickness. Then if you can't believe that, then He set gifts in the church by His Spirit. Now, He sent me with a gift, as to see visions. And He works through His church just like He showed me visions. What's it to do? Raise your faith up so that you can believe and be healed. Now, friends, I'm not here as a deceiver. You know that. Surely you do. What business I got here if it isn't from my heart? I'm here to help you. So I'm giving you all that I know how to get you to believe Jesus.

L-33 Now, here's the lady standing here. I've never seen her in my life. She's perfect stranger. And now Jesus, what if He was standing here, just standing here where I am, and she was looking at Him? Now, she, maybe that she's got domestic troubles. I don't know what she would want. But say she is sick, if Jesus was standing here, and she'd say, "Jesus, will You heal me?" What would Jesus have to say to her? He'd say, "Child, I've already done it. Don't you believe My Word? I healed you when I died at Calvary. That's all He could do." Oh, He might be able to talk to her. And if the Father would show Him something to tell her, that would be all, that would build up her faith. Now, look when He talked to the woman at the well. He begin to speak to her, and she was a stranger, and He could--He told her what was wrong with her. Ah, she said, "I perceive that You're a prophet." She didn't think of that being God setting there in a human--dressed like a man. And He... She said, "I know when Messiah, the Christ, comes, that'll be the sign that'll follow Him. But Who are You?" He said, "I am He." Now, all through the Bible, that's what Jesus did. And if He's raised from the dead, He'll do it again. Is that right? Say, "Amen," if it is. Now, we'll let this lady be the judge. 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min

L-34 Now, I'm going to ask her if we know each other. I have no way of knowing anything about you: perfect strangers. If that's right...? Now, how would I know about this woman? God knows I don't know her. But I know there's something near here now, that Angel that you seen on the picture tonight. (...?... this might easier. Pull round here.) How many never seen the Angel of the Lord, raise up your hand? Never did see it? Raise your hand. There It is. That was taken in America. See the Pillar of Fire? The best scientists in the world has examined that. It hangs in a Hall of Religious Art with a scientific--scientific research. It's the only supernatural Being was ever photographed in all the world. Thanks be to God. Now, that's what is here. Now, you seen that Pillar of Fire, didn't you? Listen, I don't know when I'll ever see you again. But that same Pillar of Fire isn't two feet from where I'm standing right now. Amen.

L-35 Now, It's not me; It's Him. Now, He knows this woman. He knows all about her. So if I be His eyes, or He uses my eyes, and my voice, to try to encourage His child, we thank God for it. And that ought to make every one of you thankful. Wouldn't it make you thankful? Say, "Amen." Now, if God will do that for this woman, will every one of you believe Him? With all your heart? Now, look, friend, you'll have to admit It's a supernatural Being, so your approach to It will determine what you'll get from It. So have faith. I won't talk no more.

L-36 Now, we being strangers, sister, never seen each other before? I know nothing of you? But you realize that God knows you and He knows me. Now, you're here for something. I don't know, but He does. Well, if He will reveal it to me what you're here for, will you accept Him as Jesus Christ, the Son of God, that can give you what your desire is. You believe it? Amen. The first thing, I see the lady... Between she and I is that Light. She's beginning to fade out. I see her as she goes back, merely a girl. And she's real nervous, been nervous all of her life. I see it following her; even in school days she was nervous. She's aphakia. She's also nearsighted. She is in school. She holds the books close; and when she takes it back; she's been nearsighted. Then I see her as a young woman, failing in health. It's into her lungs. She has--she has been to a doctor, and the doctor has said that it's very bad. One lung is gone. And the other one is almost gone. And you're standing in a dying condition. THUS SAITH THE LORD.

L-37 Now, lady, you heard me speak it. That wasn't me. That was that Angel. Was it right? If is was, raise your hand. Do you believe now? ...?... Now, what's the next thing I can do? Lay my hands on the woman and ask for her life to be spared. For what, what else--what would that do to her? Back to the Bible. Jesus said, "That insomuch as you've done to the least of these, my little ones, you have done it unto Me." He said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. They'll lay their hands on the sick; they shall recover." And that the woman knows that something is close, she sees it by scientific re--by proof. She feels It on her own body. Watch me. I'm going to ask her. Lady, isn't that a strange feeling to you now? Isn't it strange the way you're feeling? That's this Light. It's hanging right over you, trying to find where the faith is laying. Scientifically it's proved; by feelings it's proved; by revelation it's proved. Jesus said in the mouths of two or three witnesses, let every word be established. The Bible said it would be. The picture says it's so. Her feeling says it's so. And the revelation of the Lord says it's so. There's four positive witnesses. It has to be so.

L-38 Now, could I heal her? No. Only her faith in God can do it. Will you pray with me while I lay hands on her, for the lady's in a dying condition. And she's just a child; she's young, like she's got her life before her. She wants to live. She wants to live like you want to live. Mother, what if that was your girl? Dad, what if that was your child? Brother, what if that was your sister or your wife? You'd want everybody to be sincere. And that's what we want to be: she's somebody's child. Dear heavenly Father, realizing that this is a crucial time for my sister, oh, will You show mercy, God? With my hands laid upon her, the only thing can save her life is the creative act of You. O God, You can grow those lungs back. Grant it, and it will be so. I condemn this devil of Tuberculosis. O you demon, you've hid from God, and from the doctors, but you can't hide from God. Come out of the woman, in Jesus' Name. Amen Now, that's it. Now is the time. Right now you feel fine. That's right. Now, it's gone from you. Now, keep believing. Go back to your doctor; watch what he tells you. Just eat all you can eat. Gain weight again. Weigh yourself tomorrow. 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min Another week, weigh yourself again. Then write me a letter. Amen. God bless you. God bless you...?... That's right...?...

L-39 Now, everybody real reverent. Hold steady. Oh, what could happen? It ought to be settled right now. Praise God. Everybody ought to have faith. Could be now. But let's pray for a few more. I've got a few coming and all of them come into...?... All--all but number 3. Everybody's in the line. Now, lady, we are strangers to each other. Jesus knows you. Do you believe that Jesus the Son of God, if He was standing here... He is. That's what you're feeling right now. I want the audience; watch the expressions on the patient's face when that strikes them. The lady knows something's around her. She's aware of that. I see you got trouble. It's in your side and in your back. Isn't that right? It's the left side. That's right. It's a tumor in the left side and in the back. Is that right? You believe Jesus will heal you? Dear God, be merciful to our sister...?... get rid of this horrible demon... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]...?...

L-40 And it come a great goiter. And then you had that goiter taken out by a surgery. And since they have taken it out, now you're getting a bad effect. You have almost been blind. Your eyes are going bad. And you're getting weak spells and the other thing. And many things taking place. That is true. You believe Jesus' standing near you? Dear heavenly Father, I pray in Jesus' Name, have mercy upon this woman. You had some reason to send her up here tonight. O God, be merciful to her, and spare her, and heal her, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, my dear sister.

L-41 Now, I'm not beside myself. It just makes me weak. Such a feeling in that audience. Every spirit is subject right now. You, who feel strange towards this, I feeled you; I know you're here. What a feeling. O Jesus, that's the Son of God, He lives. There's many of you believing tonight. Don't be discouraged. I believe with all my heart, great healings are going to take place.

L-42 Now, to the lady.... Now, we could just bring the whole line of them. We just keep doing the same thing. But let's talk to the lady, just this one, one more. And let's just see what the Holy Spirit will tell her. Now, the lady is--is a stranger. Now, lady, so the people won't think it's psychology, take your mind off of what you're here for. Think of something else that has nothing to do with it. Now, I want you to believe Jesus. And if Jesus will tell me what your trouble is, will you accept it, and believe with all your heart? Now, you're aware that I don't know you; never seen you in my life. But as certain as I'm a minister, on the platform, I want to ask you something. About one minute ago when I was speaking to you, something settled over you (Is that right?) as a feeling. Raise your hand. That's right. Amen. That's the Angel of the Lord. Now, believe. You are suffering with nervousness. Then you got a... I see them examine a heart. You've got a heart trouble. Then you got something wrong in the liver. Something's in the liver, it examined. You're under a doctor's care with medicine and doctors. And I see your doctor as he's shaking his head. He a--he told you that you was... He's taken a--something about a fever, a kind of fever, a fever. And he--he doesn't know what that fever has come. He can't understand what that fever's about. That's right. Yes. Amen. Jesus does. Come, mother. O God, be merciful to my sister. And I pray that You heal her, Lord...?... send Thy Holy Spirit. Now, heal every nerve and make her well, in Jesus' Name. Amen. Now, God bless you. You're welcome.

L-43 Praise the Lord. If thou canst believe? Why can't you believe?...?... Why can't you believe? Our God is here to heal you. You believe that? Sure, He is. Have faith in Him. What about it, mother? Going to believe now? What about it, sister, right behind? You going to believe? If you could, you could eat again. God would make you well. What do you think, little sister, setting there looking at me with heart trouble, setting there with a little black band around your hat? You got heart trouble, haven't you? You were praying, and you were asking God to make you well, weren't you? That's right. You can have it. God will make you well. Sister, you believe me to be God's servant? The reason I say that... See, He told me, "If you get the people to believe you," not believe me as He, but believe that He had sent me. Will you do something for me? Would you lay your hand on that lady next to you, over there? Right next... No, the next one, the other side. That lady is setting there very sick. She's got liver trouble in the liver. And you want to be healed, don't you, lady? That's right. Wave your hand if you do. Amen. Now, I'm going to ask 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min prayer for you. Jesus, Son of God, heal them. Their faith pulls this way. But it's still dark around them, Father. Oh, move the darkness and make them well, in Jesus' Name. Satan, leave them, in Jesus' Name. Amen. Now, look. Now, the Lord bless you. The same darkness that was around you, has gone from you. Faith, if thou canst believe, all things are possible.

L-44 The lady setting right here looking at me. She's saying, "Lord, have him call me." You got heart trouble. ...?... You have heart trouble. You believe, with heart trouble? That believes with all your heart? You do? Then you can be healed of heart trouble. Amen. Now, you got blood disease, setting right there. You believe Jesus will make you well, setting right down there? Yes? You believe?...?... All right. Sir, He healed you. Amen. Just have faith. Right here, see that Light hanging yonder? It's about four rows up. Got arthritis, haven't you, right out there at the end? Do you believe Jesus make you well? If you believe, you can receive. All right. You believe it? Amen. Then you can have it. Here's another setting right here with arthritis. You believe? You can have it. Amen. You believe right out there with that head trouble, setting right back there with trouble with your head? You believe? Then you can have it. Amen. Oh, He's here, right here. Do you believe?

L-45 Here sets a lady, the second one in, about four rows back, that's got nervous trouble. You believe Jesus would make you well? Amen. You can have it right now. Here sets a lady right back there, got trouble with her legs, in her legs. Do you believe? Stand up on your feet. Jesus makes you well. Amen. Have faith. Have faith; don't doubt. Setting right here, got epilepsy. You believe that God will heal you and make you well? If you do, you can have it. Amen. Hallelujah. Setting out yonder, with that lady's trouble, setting back a little bit, with the lady's... Yeah, back there with the lady's trouble, setting just behind here. Right there, the lady's trying to stand up. That's right, lady. Amen. You can have your healing. Hallelujah. Believe Him.

L-46 Look over in this a way. There It goes up through here. It's right here. There's a man standing back here with prostate trouble. Do you believe that--that Jesus will make you well? You can have what you ask for. Amen. Hallelujah. Can't you believe Him? Oh, my. See? Now It's just going everywhere. Let's see if we can get a few more in the prayer line. Come. You believe? With all your heart? Awhile ago, you were setting right back there. This afternoon while I was preaching, you were looking at me. You are a believer. You have a lady's trouble. You were healed this afternoon while you were setting back there. Something come over you. Is that right? That's... Just look out there; here It goes all over the audience. I'm going to ask you something. Every lady that's got lady's trouble like that, stand up on your feet right quick now. Get up on your feet, every one of you. There He is. You remain standing. Jesus, that can heal here, can heal there. O God, in Jesus' Name... Satan, you're condemned. Leave these women, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. Go home and be well,...?... in Christ's Name. ... gone.

L-47 You believe Him with all your heart? Here. Every one that's in the audience. Here's something new. Every one that's suffering with kidney trouble in your back, stand up. Got kidney trouble... Looky there. Here's what the lady's got. Same demons are calling for help. I can't single you out. Look at...?... It's just all over you. Let's pray. O God, in Jesus' Name, condemn the devil. Satan, come out of them, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you. Go and be well. Amen. Let us say, "Praise the Lord." Believe with all your heart. Does everybody believe? You believe? Hallelujah. Jesus never fails. You believe, lady, setting here with rheumatism? You believe Jesus will make you well? You believe that He'll heal you? He can if you believe. There's only thing to do, that would be accept Him. And you just stand to your feet and be made well. Oh, my. Why can't you? 55-0828E, Sir, We Would See Jesus, Unknown, Lausanne, Switzerland, 87 min Oh, people, the whole building's just, to my way of seeing it, it's lit up with the power of God. It's just over your head. I believe you can be healed. Look. I condemn every doubt, in Jesus Christ's Name. This is your hour, every one of you all along here, stand up and get yours. Looky here, coming up out of their chairs, everybody. O God, praise be to the Lord. Oh, we thank You, Father. Satan, we condemn thee; you're lost. In Jesus' Name, leave this audience. You know that song, "Jesus...?..." You do? ...?... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ The Unwelcomed Christ
