Date: 1959-03-29
Title: The Sign Of The Messiah
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Branham Tabernacle
Location: Jeffersonville, IN
Duration: 49 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 59-0329E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Let us bow our heads just a moment. Dear God, when we hear that song, "Jesus is near, and all things are possible," it thrills our hearts to know that that is more than a song. It's the Truth. You are here. Lord, I believe you were just behind the Tabernacle just now also; that little mother holding that little baby, soaking wet in the rain, and that young man calling for his loved one, way yonder in the hospital, dying... Hear our prayers, Lord. There's people set in this church all day long, since six o'clock this morning. They're waiting to see You, Lord. They've heard us talk today that You raised from the dead. And You're the same Jesus still living tonight after nineteen hundred years. You're still Jesus. And we pray, God, that You'll heal every sick person that's in Divine Presence. May there not be a feeble person in our midst when this service is over. Just show us, Lord, that You're here.

L-2 We're thinking of two men on that Easter morning, who was discouraged, no doubt. But many here are discouraged tonight, sick and can't get well, doctors have give them up. And as they went on their road, there was a Stranger Who walked out and talked with them, talked about the Scriptures, the rest of the day. And at nighttime when He got them in the room and shut the door, He done something. He did it just the way He did it before the crucifixion, and they knew that that was the risen Lord. He vanished out of their sight. They run quickly back to tell others, "He's risen from the dead." God, we pray that He'll come in our midst tonight and do the things that He did before His crucifixion. Nineteen hundred years is nothing to Him; He's eternal. And may many here tonight rush home quickly, telling their wife, their husband, their loved ones, their neighbors, "He lives; He appeared to me tonight; He healed my sickness; I'm going to be well now." Grant this, Father. We ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen. (You may be seated.)

L-4 I'm sorry that I got hoarse, but I've just been so busy speaking, baptizing: had the flu to start with, since I come back from down in Florida and over in the islands. I have to leave in the morning now for California, for nearly a solid month of meetings. So I asked Brother Neville if he would speak for me tonight, and I'm sure you've heard a wonderful message. We enjoyed this morning's service, and Brother Neville. And we are trusting that God will continue to be with him and this church, as he pastors here.

L-5 Now, I just met Billy out there, and he kinda touched me on the side, and he said, "Daddy, the people are standing here, and some of them has been here all day long." I said, "Well, I'm glad that our services are drawing close to the end, so you won't have to stand." And it's raining. And when I come in the building, a little couple, getting out of the car out there, with a little sick baby, and it soaking wet. She couldn't even get in the door. But as certain as I'm standing here, God healed that baby standing out there in... How He answers prayer. And now, after we have preached today, and this morning I preached on five subjects: Living, and Dying, and Buried, Rising, Coming. Living, He loved me. Dying, He saved me. Buried, He carried my sins far away. Rising, He justified freely forever. Someday He's coming, oh, glorious day! We set, watching tonight, waiting for His appearing.

L-8 Why are we jammed in here? Why does people come to hear the Gospel? Yet, in its simplicity, it's the greatest drawing card the world's ever had. Jesus said, "If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto Me." Now, the thing is, is this religion we talk about, is it real? Is it the truth? If it is the truth, then we can believe every Word the Bible said. If it isn't the truth, we should have nothing to do with it; we should just go on in our sins; eat, drink, for tomorrow we die. But I'm so thankful to know that this that we're talking about is the truth. And it's the only religion in the world... Yet, fourth in number, yet it's the only religion in the world that the Founder could die and rise again, and is a-living tonight. 59-0329E, The Sign Of The Messiah, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 49 min

L-9 I seen in the paper here in the city paper the other day, where they've got a man, a Buddha, had been raised up. Many of you saw that in the paper. They got a man that's a little Buddha that was born the same just like Buddha did; 'course he did no miracles, but his teaching and everything was just like Buddha. If Buddha's got a man on the field, a false one, God's got the Holy Ghost on the field, the real Spirit of God. Now, we talk about these wonderful things, but will it work? Will the Holy... Will the Holy Spirit forgive a man his sins? Will He heal his sickness? Certainly, He will. He's God forevermore. Now, if we can... If Jesus will come to our midst and will prove Hisself, that He is alive here tonight among us, it ought to make every one of us believe every promise He's got in the Bible.

L-11 Is there anybody here that's never been in one of my meetings before? Let's see your hand, never been in the meeting before. Just look, practically half the crowd. I'm not a healer. I don't believe--don't believe there is a man that's a healer. Jesus Christ is the Healer. And He said, when He was here on earth, that God was the Healer. Now, when He was here on earth, He did not claim to be a Healer, but He showed to the people His Messiahic sign, and that Messiahic sign was to know the secret of their hearts. How many knows that's true? When He told Peter, when he come before Him, what his name was, what his father's name was, Peter believed in such a way, with such a faith, that Jesus give him the keys to the Kingdom later, and put him over the church.

L-15 When Philip found Nathanael under the tree and told him, "Come, see Who I found, Jesus of Nazareth, the Son of Joseph." And that staunch religionist said, "Could there be any good thing come out of Nazareth?" He gave him the best answer that any man could give. He said, "Come and see. Don't just criticize it. Come, look for yourself." And as soon as Philip come up with Nathanael, Jesus said to him, "Behold an Israelite, in whom there's no guile." He said, "When did You know me, Rabbi?" He said, "Before Philip called you, I saw you under the tree." He said, "You're the Son of God, the King of Israel." He told the woman at the well what was in her heart. These things proved that He was the Messiah. And if that Messiah is risen from the dead today, and has made the atonement, and healed our sickness, and forgive our sins, then the only thing He could do was show that same sign back again, that He's still alive to make any promise that He made good. Is that true? Let us believe that now while we pray.

L-20 Lord, the people are waiting. One word from You will be more than Brother Neville or I could say in many lifetimes; just one word. Now, there's half of this audience that's never seen the meetings before. Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, send the power of Jesus Christ into this room, the resurrected One, the Holy Spirit that came on Pentecost, and may He so anoint the people. May I be able, even in this hoarseness, to yield myself so completely to His Spirit, that He could speak through this broken voice that I offer to Him, look through these eyes that I offer to Him to show visions and things that would make the people see that He's raised from the dead. And when this people sees that, may the entire audience embrace every promise that He made. If they have sinned, may they embrace Him for forgiveness. If they have sickness, may they know that by His stripes we are healed. Grant it, Lord. We ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-21 Now is the great showdown. Here before two or three hundred people, it's simple. When you stand before five hundred thousand, a half a million, same things take place. He's God. Now, how many in here is sick and wants to be prayed for, raise your hand. See, about half of you or more. I can't bring them all up here. I think I'll have to ask Billy again, ask him if he give out prayer cards. Now, did--did he do it? All right. All right. Last Sunday or last time I was here, they didn't give out any prayer cards, and I just asked, "How many people here has never been in the meeting before?" Many raised up their hand, that they never been in the meeting. While they stood with their hands up, the Holy Spirit went around telling them who they were and what their diseases was, and what had taken place, and healed the people so completely, till tumors and things disappeared, till operations could not be 59-0329E, The Sign Of The Messiah, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 49 min performed. How many was here to see that just a few weeks ago?

L-23 If he's give out prayer cards, then we'll call. That gives home people, and not home people; people who has been in the meeting, people who has not, to come in the prayer line. We can't take them all up here at once. We'll bring them just quietly as we can. And I want you to be honest with God. Be honest with yourself. And if Jesus Christ will come into our midst and perform and do just as He did when He was here on earth, walking in Galilee, you ought to accept Him for anything that you have need of. You don't have to be up here on the platform. He regards faith. There'll be some people here that's sick out there in the audience, that hasn't even got a prayer card; they'll be healed anyhow. How many's sick and doesn't have a prayer card? Raise up your hand. Well, there's not too many prayer cards give out then. See? All right, you just believe. Just look this a-way.

L-25 Let me show you what Jesus did when He was here on earth. There's a woman one time came to Him. And she could not get into the press. She had no prayer card, but she touched the border of His garment, for she said in her heart, "I know that Man tells the truth. If I can touch His garment, I'll be made well." And she touched His garment, went out in the audience probably many times bigger than this. Jesus turned, and said, "Who touched Me?" Peter even rebuked Him and said, "Why would You ask such a thing, when all's trying to touch You?" He said, "But I perceive that I've gotten weak." Visions cause weakness. You can't do, go too far in them. And He said, looked around over the audience till He found the woman, and told her that she'd had a blood issue, and her faith had made her well.

L-28 How many knows that? The Bible said that Jesus Christ today is the High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Is that right? Well, if He was the High Priest that could be touched by the feeling of our infirmities, wouldn't He act just like He did then, if He's the same yesterday, today, and forever? Then you that don't have a prayer card, you look this way, and say in your heart, "Lord, I believe with all my heart, and I believe that You're going to heal me. And let me touch Your garment. And You speak through Brother Branham, and tell him just like You did the woman, and I'll believe You." Will you be that honest, and believe God with all your heart?

L-30 Billy Paul said--said a few minutes ago, standing here, you took a love offering for me. I didn't want that--for this to happen. That was... But, thank you, just the same. I need it now on my California trip. I'll put it to the Gospel. Them little offerings that you give me, you know what happens to them? I went to Puerto Rico and Jamaica a few weeks ago, where they registered forty thousand converts in nine nights. What did it? Your tithings. When I left, the mayor of the--the judge of the island stood up; he said, "We have evangelists come in here and take up great offerings and cost great money." But said, "When Brother Branham come, he didn't even ask for a penny of money, never asked us to pay his hotel bill. And he paid his own fare back and forth." What did it? Your money. I want to be sure that I spend it right. So at the judgment bar, when I stand before you and God, have to give an account for it, it's done right. I took it myself, as long as I'm able to go, to do the best I can for His glory.

L-32 Now, we can't bring all the prayer cards up at once, so I'll just bring them up just a few at a time. Who has prayer card number 1? Would you raise up your hand if you can get up? Way back in the back, it's a colored lady. Come right down this a-way, lady. Make your way down and come here at the side of the platform. Now, who has prayer card number 2? If you can get up, raise your hand: prayer card number 2. A white lady here. All right, lady, you come right up and follow this colored lady up here, right up here. Now, get them around that way, Doc, soon as this gets filled up here.

L-34 Prayer card number 3, would you hold up your hand if you can? The gentlemen right over here, sir. Number 4, would you hold up your hand? All right, lady, right over here. Number 5, would you hold up your hand? This young fellow right here. So far, every one of them's strangers to me. Number 6, would you hold up your hand, number 6? Did I call number 5, number 5? And number 6, also a stranger to me. Number 7, would you raise your hand? Raise your hand, who has number 7. All right, I believe I know that fellow. I--I believe I know him. Number 8, would you raise your hand if you can? A lady over here. All right, number 9. All right, lady. Number ten. All right, number 10, the lady. 59-0329E, The Sign Of The Messiah, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 49 min

L-35 There's some mistake somewhere. What number is this man here? Would somebody look, some of you ushers come here and see. [Someone says, "He is got 84"--Ed.] 84. It's number 10 I was calling then, thank you, number 10. But we'll get to you anyhow. That's all right. Look, I know what your number is now. It's 84, wasn't it? You say 84 or something like that? All right, you just wait there. You just believe. I tell you, if you don't use that card, prayer card, you look this way and believe God, and see if God will answer prayer for you. All right. Number, was that 10? 11. All right, 12. Now, if you can't get up, just... Number 12. 13, number 13, way back. 14, number 14, way in the back. Number 15.

L-37 They're give out anywhere. The boys that give them out, just say, "Who wants a prayer card, hold up your hand." They take them and mix them all up, nobody knows which is getting which. And they just give them that way. Number 14. Number 15, who has prayer card 15, number 15? Number 16? Way back in the back. Number 17? Now, if number 16 is in the building or standing out in the aisle, just make yourself a way around. Number... I'm sorry, I never seen your hand, sister, on it. You're 16? All right... [The sister says,"17."--Ed.] 17, 18, 19, number 19? 20, number 20? The man over here. All right. All right. Now, I believe they're getting right out into the aisle here now, so we'll... [Someone says, "That's enough."--Ed.] What say? That's enough for the time. All right. Well, look this way and believe. All right. Let's see, if the pianist, softly, quietly, "Only Believe," just real soft.

L-40 The most of the people in the aisle here is strangers to me. I don't know you. Now, there's some in here that still has prayer cards; some perhaps does not have prayer cards. Maybe we can call some more in the prayer line just in a few minutes, soon as we get the aisle straightened up. I believe that gentlemen here, Doc, was coming in from the back there, he was called, 16 or 7--16. All right, come right along there and get your position, sir. Now, if you're not called, that don't have one thing to do with it (See?); just look and believe.

L-43 [Someone says, "Still got 15 missing too."--Ed.] Number 15 is missing. Maybe the person can't get up. If you can't get up... Somebody look at the other person's prayer card; maybe he's deaf and can't hear. If they're here, 15, you're welcome to take your place in the line. If they stepped out and will be back in a few minutes, put them in the line just as their number's called. When we get down along the line here, we'll call some more in, if the Holy Spirit doesn't seem to be anointing the building, the people, so that they can be healed.

L-45 Now, now's the crucial moments; now's the time where I've either told the truth or told a lie. Now's the time where Jesus Christ is proved risen from the dead, or He isn't risen from the dead. Now's the time He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, or He isn't the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, He's got to prove to be the Healer, or He isn't the Healer. And if anybody would want to take my place to pray for the sick, you're welcome to come and take my place.

L-46 How many of you here in the prayer line here, as you look here from the prayer line now, doesn't know me, and you know I don't know you or nothing about you, raise up your hand. Out in the audience, that knows that I know nothing about you, raise up your hand (yet you're sick) out in the audience. See, there you are. Now, what will God do? There's the Scripture; the Spirit of God is here; now will it work? If I can yield myself to the Holy Spirit, it'll work. And it won't work for me unless you yield yourself to the Holy Spirit, "For many mighty works Jesus could not do in His Own country because of their unbelief." Now, you believe with all your heart; be real reverent as you can. Stand quietly, watch. If the Holy Spirit does something, then rejoice; then believe.

L-50 Now, Lord, all that we have, all that we are... They've stood till their legs are cramping; they've set till they're nearly ready to faint. And now, Lord, let it be known that Thou art God. And I've called this audience together at Your command. And I'm standing here not to be seen, or not to try to be acting big, or doing something different, but it's because it's a commission charged me by an Angel and confirmed by Your Word. Let it be known tonight that You're 59-0329E, The Sign Of The Messiah, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 49 min Jesus Christ, the Son of God, that raised from the dead, and You live in Your Church, in Your people to perform and to carry out the same ministry You had when You were here in the body of flesh. Grant it, Lord. And we'll praise You, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen.

L-51 Now, where's Billy Paul, is he in this building? Has he left? Or, somebody ought to come here to pick up these prayer cards. See? Come, Brother...?... The woman has the prayer card in her hand. You just give it to him. See? Be real reverent now. Now, this lady here, as far as I know, is a total stranger to me. And here's a perfect setting of the Scripture: two people and two different nationalities. Jesus come to a well one time, in St. John 4, and met a woman of Samaria. And He talked to her a little while, until He found out what her trouble was. And He told her her trouble. And when He did, she recognized it to be the Messiah. How many knows that? Remember their conversation? He said, "Woman, bring Me a drink." What was He doing? Contacting her spirit. And she said, "The well's deep, and You have nothing to draw with. It's not customary for You to, a Jew, to ask Samaritans such." He said, "But if you knowed Who you was talking to, you'd ask Me for water."

L-56 And so the conversation went on till He found out what her trouble was. How many knows what her trouble was? She was living in adultery. So He said, "Go get your husband and come here." She said, "I don't have any husband." Said, "That's right. You've had five, and the one you're living with now is not your husband." Now, listen what she said. She said, "Sir, I perceive that You are a Prophet. We know when the Messiah cometh He'll tell us these things. The Messiah, the sign of the Messiah, He'll do this when He comes; 'cause He was the God-Prophet, the Prophet Moses spoke of." Said, "We know Messiah will do this when He comes, but Who are You?" He said, "I am He that speaks to you." And she run into the city and told the men, "Come, see a Man Who told me the things I've done. Isn't this the Messiah?"

L-60 Now, here stands an Ethiopian woman to an Anglo-Saxon man, first time in life meeting: what we call, colored woman, white man. When that question was raised there in the--in segregation before Jesus. He let them know real quick; there's no difference in people's colors. We all come from one tree: Adam and Eve. Exactly. The countries we lived in, it changed our color; had nothing to do with it. God died for all creatures: the white man, the black man, the yellow man, the brown man, the red man, and all. They're all creatures of God.

L-61 But the lady stands here for something. Maybe she's a believer, maybe she isn't. Maybe she's a sinner. She might be a saint. She may be sick; she may not. She may want--financial trouble. She may be standing for somebody else. I don't know. I've never seen her, and I have no more idea what she's here for than nothing. And the lady knows that. Is that right, lady? If that's right, raise up your hand so the people can see. Just raise up your hand so the people... Just raise up your hand. This is our first meeting. Now, if the Lord Jesus will...

L-62 If she's sick, I couldn't heal her, no more than I could heal you. But if--if Jesus is here, He couldn't heal her, because He's already done it when He died at Calvary. But He can do something to prove that He's still the same Jesus, and she'd believe it, she'd be healed. And the same time she'd be healed, you'd be healed too, if you'd believe it. Is that right? Now, may the Lord grant it; I'm waiting for the anointing of the Holy Spirit, of course. And now, in the Name of Jesus Christ, I take every spirit in here under my control, for the glory of God.

L-64 Now, lady, I just want you to look at me just a moment. I want you to believe with all your heart. And I have no more idea what you're here for, who you are, than nothing. But God knows all about you. But if God will tell me what you're here for, then you'll believe that Jesus Christ, God's Son, is here to do and act the way He did when He was here on earth? Will the audience believe with one accord?

L-66 Now, here we are; the scene is set. We've both got our hands up; we're strangers to one another. The Holy Spirit wrote the Bible, said these things would happen in this day, that Jesus would raise from the dead and these things 59-0329E, The Sign Of The Messiah, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 49 min would go on, His ministry would continue, and in this last days it would be just exactly the way He promised it to be. Now, is it right? The lady, as she's nervous, of course. She's rubbing her hands because she's feeling strange at this time. It's not because she is standing at me; I'm her brother, wouldn't make her feel that way. But she's--she's conscious that something's going on. And you see that picture there with that Light over it, sister? That's what makes you feel that way. That's that Angel of the Lord. It's right over you now. And you're here for me to pray for you, for a back trouble that you're suffering with. That's right. Raise up your hand.

L-68 Now, do you believe? See, makes known the secret of the heart. Just like He said, "You have five husbands." You say now... Now, the newcomers, you might say, "Brother Branham guessed that." Let's see if It guessed. I believe It said you had back trouble. Was that right? That was the truth? And you--you've had a operation too, and you've just come from the hospital. And that you might know that I be God's servant; your husband's setting back there. And he's got trouble too. If I can tell you what your husband's trouble is, will you believe? He's got trouble with his side and with his back. Is that right? Raise up your hand. I'll tell you something else. I see a young man. Your son's setting right back there too. Right. And your son has some sort of spells. That's right. Mrs. Stovall is your name. That's your name, Mrs. Stovall. Go home; Jesus Christ has answered your prayers. You can have what you asked for, in Jesus' Name.

L-71 Now, just believe. All you people that's colored people, believe with all your heart now. Do you realize that Jesus Christ, God's Son's raised from the dead? That's His Spirit that makes you feel that way. Now, here's a white woman. I don't know her, don't have no idea who she is, what she is, or--or what you're here for. If that's right, raise up your hand. Now, do you believe? If God will, can reveal her heart, just like He did the woman at the well, like He did the colored woman, how many of you white people would believe it if He did? Here, me and this woman, both with our hands up, this is our first meeting... I say one thing; the lady's not from around here. You've come from the east, coming west when you come here. That's right. You come from Ohio, and the city was Dayton. That's right. And what you're here for, is because you have weakness. And you have a nervous condition, 'cause you can't sleep. You take some kind of a drug for that. They call you Dixie (That's right.) Mason. That's right. Go back; you're going to sleep now from tonight on. Jesus Christ makes you well. Go in the Name of the Lord.

L-74 If thou canst believe... Now, you out there in the audience, while the anointing of the Holy Spirit is here, you believe, you without the prayer cards. What about the old man that stood here awhile ago, that couldn't be--couldn't get in the line, he had the wrong number, where was he at? You, stand up on your feet. Do you believe Jesus Christ to be the Son of God? You believe me to be His prophet? All right. You got trouble with your lungs. That's right. It's left you now; go home and be well. Jesus Christ makes you well. Have faith and believe. God is God.

L-76 How do you do, sir? Do you believe the Lord Jesus Christ? Now, there was a man came to Jesus one time, and he went and got saved, and went and told another friend, and brought him. And this friend... Told him that he was a believer. And he was astonished at his hearing, and he said, "When did You ever know me?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." That was thirty miles around the mountain. On foot, it taken them a day to come back to the prayer line, and when he come in the prayer line.

L-79 Do you believe that Jesus can tell me what your trouble is? Would you believe with all your heart? Will the audience believe with all their heart? It's not himself he's here for. It's for somebody else; and that's a woman, and she's shadowed with death; that's your sister. It's not exactly your... It's your half sister. And she's not here. She's in a hospital in Tennessee. So are you from there. And you're... The woman's had an operation, but it didn't do any good. And you're standing in her stead. God grant your request. Go, and may God heal that woman and make her well, upon the basis of the faith of this man. Lord God, we condemn that devil that's taking the life of that woman. And may this person, who's a relative to him, live because he has come and stood in her stead. Jesus, You stood at Calvary in our stead, and You healed us. And we 59-0329E, The Sign Of The Messiah, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 49 min believe You. May it be so. Amen. Go, believing now, brother. Take no thought for nothing else.

L-81 How do you do? We are strangers to one another. This is our first time meeting. (Now, just be just as reverent, and listen close, and pray.) If we don't know one another, and we are strangers to each other, maybe our first time we've ever met. Is that right? If this is the first time we've ever met, raise up your hand. If God will reveal to me what your trouble is, then you'll believe me to be His servant? I'll tell you now. We've never met before, but you're a Kentuckian. That's right. You come from a place called Somerset, Kentucky. That's exactly right. I'm from Burkesville, Kentucky. And you're suffering with a trouble that's--it's in the--the stomach bowels, the lower part. It's tumors. That's right. All right, Jewel, you go back, God grant your healing to you. Do you believe on the Son of God, the resurrected Jesus? If thou canst receive... You might wonder why the lady is rejoicing. You would too, if you'd been in a dying condition.

L-83 I don't know you. But I'm not... If I'm not mistaken, I believe you were baptized this morning, because I see you've done something good. But to know you, I don't know you. You just walked into the pool, and that was the example. But do you believe Jesus can reveal to me your troubles? Does the audience believe that with all their heart? I see a woman appear between me and you. You're standing here for a woman, and the woman's much older than you. Why, it's your mother. She's not here. She's from Georgia. And she's real nervous. What it is is a change of life, menopause. And you're standing for your mother. That is true. Well, she's going to get over it and be well. You go believing now; it'll all be over. Tell her to have a good courage. God bless you, young man. Have faith. Believe with all your heart. If thou canst believe... Pray.

L-85 I suppose that you and I are strangers. God knows you and He knows me. But could God reveal to me your trouble? And if He would, would you believe Him? How many people in here would believe and say, "God, I'll believe if You'll tell that man"? Just a moment. The lady setting right behind these girls here, looking at me, she's suffering with varicose veins. And she's setting there praying for somebody else. And her spirit has touched the High Priest, and she's in contact with God. You're praying for a friend of yours that has mental trouble. And they're living in a--a city, a little city; it's Corydon, Indiana. That's right. If you can believe, you can have what you asked for. Amen.

L-88 You've had a heart attack; close to the end of the road. Let me tell you one of your troubles though: smoking cigarettes. Wait a minute, that spirit jumped then. He don't want to do that. That's what's causing your trouble. Here, it's this young man setting right over here; he wants to get rid of cigarettes too. If he'll believe with all of his heart, cigarette habit will leave. If thou canst believe... You believe it? If you'll believe it, and act upon it, you can have your deliverance; so can you. You're not from here. You're from away from here too. You go back to Owensboro now, praising the Lord. Have faith in God. I know you, but I don't know what's wrong with you. If the Lord will reveal to me what your trouble is, will you believe Him? Then your stomach trouble will get all right. All right. Go home and rejoice, believe with all your heart. I don't believe I know you. Are we strangers to one another? Do you believe that what I... If I'd tell you the truth, you'd know it was the truth or not. All right, your heart trouble will leave you. Go home; be well.

L-91 I don't know you. But God knows you. You believe if I'd tell you what your trouble was, and where it was at, you'd get well? In your back. Go home now; it's going to leave you and you're going to be well. You think God could heal that tumor and make it well without a operation? You do? Raise up your hands if you believe it. Go home and receive it, in the Name of the Lord Jesus. Believe. Strange, when I said that, you had the same thing: tumor. You felt a funny feeling when I said that, 'cause both spirits jumped, the same time. Go, Jesus Christ make you well. Believe. You're a young man to have arthritis, but do you believe Jesus will make you well? If you do, walk on out, believing, and be made whole.

L-95 How many believes with all your heart? What if I didn't say a word to you, but told you God healed you when you come around the corner there and you had that funny feeling, would you believe me? Go on home; you're well. Jesus 59-0329E, The Sign Of The Messiah, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 49 min Christ makes you well. You're a young woman but suffering with nervousness. Do you believe that God will heal that nervousness and take it from you? You've been trying to find a place to start from. This is it right here. Go now, rejoicing, happy. It's over for you. Believe with all your heart. You have a nervous condition which has caused a stomach trouble. You were healed when you raised up back there, sir. That's the reason I was waiting for you to come through. Go on, eat your supper, be well.

L-99 A lady's trouble, nervous, upset. That's right. It's going to leave you now. Go home and be well, in the Name of the Lord Jesus. Just have faith. You have a female disorder (That's right.) causes a drainage. It's a stopped up ovary. Believe, Jesus Christ will make you well. Go home and believe with all your heart. Now, you have a serious condition; it's in your heart, blockage. You believe that Jesus Christ make you well? If you believe it, go in the Name of the Lord, and be well. Have faith in God. All right, brother, you believe that Jesus Christ makes you well too? Just walk down the line, praising the Lord.

L-103 How many out there now that believes on the Lord Jesus? He knows every... Mrs. Nash, I know you, but I can't help that Light holding over you. I know you, but you're praying for somebody else. It's a little kid, little child, doesn't live here. It lives down in Tennessee. Also you're praying for your doctor friend that's got a heart trouble. And his wife has just had a slight stroke. That's right. Believe, and you can be well. A little lady setting on the end of the seat there with her finger over her mouth, what do you think, young lady? You've had a nervous breakdown. You're scared of having another. That's right. If that's right, raise up your hand, as you wipe your tears from your eyes. Don't fear; you won't have it. The lady sitting next to you there, you got asthma, bronchial troubles. Stop smoking, it'll leave you.

L-107 Have faith in God. Believe with all your heart. If thou canst believe, all things are possible. Here's a lady setting right behind this lady here; I'm sure you're... The lady, just a moment, her name is Mrs. Evans. She's from Kentucky, Louisville. That's right. I don't know you. You know that's true. You got heart trouble, got trouble with your ears. That's right. If that's right, raise up your hand. Go back to Louisville; Jesus Christ makes you well. I challenge your faith, in the Name of Jesus Christ, to believe it. Anybody in here, believe with all your heart. Way back in the back, standing way back, you believe. You don't have to be no certain place. Over on this side, believe! How many back there needs healing? Raise your hands, and say, "I believe, Lord." Have faith.

L-110 Setting right back in this direction here, I see a man that's praying sincerely. And the vision stands there. He's a preacher. He's standing by a pulpit, and he's preaching for an increase--praying for an increase in his ministry. I never seen him before in my life. But that's what you're praying for, brother. You shall have it now. Believe on the Lord Jesus. There is a man setting back behind him there, that's got something wrong with his arm: knots on his arm. He's also... If you'll believe it, sir, you can have your healing. Amen. Just out here at the end of this row here, second one in, a little lady with her head down, right back towards the back, setting there praying, got gallbladder trouble. That's it, lady, you put up your hand. And I know that you was the one was praying. You received your healing just then.

L-113 How about it, do you believe Jesus raised from the dead? Is He here now? Do you believe Him? Then if you'll believe me, if I've told you the Bible truth, and God's turned around and vindicated I've told you the truth, that means that perfectly, that the Lord Jesus is here. Is that right? Then you do this; do this; don't doubt; you put your hands over on somebody setting next to you. I'll pray from right here, and the whole group of you'd be healed right now if you'll believe it. Will you believe it? Lay your hands over on one another then. All that believes you're going to be healed now, say, "Amen." Now, you... I'm going to say this prayer. You pray it; you pray it after me.

L-115 O Lord, [Congregation says, "O Lord,"--Ed.] Creator of Heavens and earth ["Creator of Heavens and earth,"], 59-0329E, The Sign Of The Messiah, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 49 min Author of Everlasting Life ["Author of Everlasting Life,"], Giver of every good gift ["Giver of every good gift,"], I'm in need, Lord ["I'm in need, Lord,"], of Your healing power ["of Your healing power."]. And I pray ["And I pray"] that You'll give me faith ["that You'll give me faith"] to accept it ["to accept it."]. That's Your promise ["That's Your promise."]. I believe ["I believe"] that You're the same Jesus ["that You're the same Jesus"] that walked the shores of Galilee ["that walked the shores of Galilee,"], suffered under Pontius Pilate ["suffered under Pontius Pilate,"], died ["died,"], rose ["rose,"], ascended on high ["ascended on high,"], give gifts back to men ["give gifts back to men"], through the Holy Ghost ["through the Holy Ghost."]. I believe ["I believe"] the Holy Ghost is here ["the Holy Ghost is here"] carrying on ["carrying on"] the same work ["the same work"] that You did ["that You did"] when You were here ["when You were here."]. I embrace that promise. ["I embrace that promise."]. I accept my healing ["I accept my healing."]. I promise to live for You ["I promise to live for You"], and obey Your Commandment ["and obey Your Commandment,"], walk in the Light ["walk in the Light."]. And now I believe ["And now I believe,"], because I have made this confession ["because I have made this confession,"], that I am healed ["that I am healed"] by Your stripes ["by Your stripes."].

L-116 Set real quiet. Now, just think, that's your confession; God's coming into you right now. Breathe in the Holy Spirit by faith. "I believe that my condition is being healed. I believe that all my sickness is taken away." You're right now in the Presence of God. Can't you feel that Spirit? Open your hearts, your--your faith. The Holy Spirit's healing the people right now; a little girl just setting here, another one to my right. The whole platform seems to be illuminated with the power of the risen Christ. He's over the audience. He's in the people. Now, that was your prayer. Now, I'm going to pray and ask the devil of doubt to get away from you.

L-118 O Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, hear my prayer, Lord; quickly, while the Holy Ghost is here, before the people perish. I condemn the devil. Jesus Christ took the victory away from you; He won it at Calvary; He triumphed over death, the devil, hell, and the grave, and rose again on the third day, and is alive forevermore. Come out of here, Satan; you are a defeated being. Leave this people, and let them be healed, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

L-120 All that accept your healing, stand to your feet right now. In the Name of Jesus Christ, rise up. Amen. Raise your hands to Him and praise Him. Only people that I see that's not up, is a man setting here in a wheelchair, Gan Heelie. I know what his case is; he's a polio case. Looked like a wheelchair back there. Let's see. There's a case, a lady with one limb. Is that right? Do you believe me to be God's prophet? I'm a stranger to you. I cannot heal you. But do you believe God can tell me what your trouble is? If it would do, would it help you? You're a diabetic. That's true. Now, believe it, and go home and be well, you in the wheelchair. That's all you have to do, is believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and be healed. Raise your hands now, and--and say, "Thank You, Lord, for healing me. Thank You, Lord, for healing me. I praise You, Lord, for healing me. God is good. God is great. God is precious. God is real. God is here. The Holy Ghost is here. The power of God is here. And I now believe with all that's in me, that Jesus Christ, God's Son, makes me well. Amen."

L-123 If there be any here who is condemned of sin, and knows that your sins are not under the Blood, and right now in the Presence of God Who knows your thoughts, and the Holy Spirit's telling me this, would you like to accept Him as your personal Saviour, want to be remembered in prayer? Raise your hand, all that's in here. God bless you, and you, and you, and you, and you. That's right. Back there, you, and over here. Sure. Back here, God bless you, son. God bless you over there. God bless you. That's right. See, the Holy Spirit's never wrong. When the Holy Spirit says... I was fixing to turn the service for Brother Neville, for the healing's over, but Something said, "They need healing of the soul." If you want to receive Jesus as your personal Saviour, bow your head just a moment. Let's offer prayer.

L-125 Brother Neville, I'm so hoarse, offer this prayer, will you. All right. [Brother Neville prays, "Heavenly Father, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Who has so gloriously walked here among us tonight. As these that bow their head, in faith tonight, believing that You are able to deliver them, both soul 59-0329E, The Sign Of The Messiah, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 49 min and body. Save the ones that believe now in repentant faith. Dear God, may this night be a different night to them. Give them now the desire, O God. And give them now, O Lord Jesus, that much desired knowledge of sins forgiven. Save every one, O God, that bowed their head out there, that asked an interest in prayer. And may they, from this time on, may they purpose in their heart to live for Him Who died for them. In Jesus' Name and for Jesus' sake we pray. Amen, and amen. Praise the Lord!"--Ed.] Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Water Baptism
