Date: 1960-08-02
Title: El-Shaddai
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Eisenhower High School
Location: Yakima, WA
Duration: 109 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 60-0802

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Thank you, brother. Let us bow our heads just a moment for prayer. How many would like to be remembered tonight, in prayer just by the raising up the hands...?... Thank you. Gracious, heavenly Father, tonight we are thankful that we are standing in the shadow of Thy mercy, and we pray that them Divine mercies will be given to us. And we are so happy that Jesus died for us when we were yet sinners, and now has brought us nigh to God by the shedding of His Blood that we might have our sins forgiven, and--and have a right to the Tree of Life. And tonight as we look around there in the emergency room and finding those precious people so sick, and right unto death nearly, and to feel that Divine power of God moving in like waves over the--the building, we know, Father, that You're near to give mercy to all that will call upon Thee and believe.

L-2 There are many setting in here tonight, Lord, in the shadows of death. May when this service is over, may death leave. Grant it, Lord. And may the Life of God come in, and give new life, and new hope, new health to those that are sick and afflicted. To those that are without God, and without Christ in the world, alienated, may great light shine on their path tonight, and may they become Your disciples. Forgive us of anything that we have done or said that would hinder this prayer from being answered. And may the Holy Spirit take the reigns of the meeting and circumcise our hearts from unbelief unto faith in God, that God might work through us tonight, to will His will in our lives, and for others. In Jesus' Name we pray. Amen. Be seated.

L-3 It is such a privilege to come and to pray for the people. A many times that, like I was saying in the emergency room just a few moments ago to some mighty precious people to be prayed for, "Signs does not heal." See? That was only a vindication of my--my commission to pray for sick people. See? A vision would never heal anyone; neither would any other signs heal anyone. But it's--it's a--the vindication of a commission, when He spoke to me that night fourteen years ago, the seventh of May. He said, "You were borned to pray for sick people," and told me to go over the world. And I said to Him, "They would not believe me, because I am not educated, and I..." And He said, "As Moses was given two signs, I would be given two signs." He said, "The first, the people'd put their hands on me, and then I would be able, if I not use my own mind, just--just to tell them what was wrong. He'd speak it." Then said, "If you'll be sincere, it'll come to pass that you'll know the very secret of their heart."

L-4 And all of you know the story, and read the book. That's what I was there for. Many of my brethren have told me that was of the devil. Now, I love the Lord Jesus; I didn't want nothing of the devil, and so I was there to stay until that left me. And then when He told me about the Scriptures, then I knew He was right. The Book was new to me. And He said, "That--by that they would believe." Now see, that isn't... Because what I lack in being a preacher, of having a--education, this was given to me to pay up for that. Where a man with a good school education, and know he could--and know the Book real well, and has had schoolings, he'd be able to explain It in such a way. He was called to be a--a preacher, like setting here with me tonight. Good preachers, evangelists, and pastors. They're called for that. Well, where I lack in that, this other makes up for that. But I was to be--to pray for the sick. And the prayer is what changes things. See? You know, prayer can change the mind of God? Did you know that? Does do it. It's... I remember one time in the Bible it did it. You remember?

L-5 We had the most gracious, little, breakfast this morning I was ever in in all my life. What a great time we had around the fellowship of these pastors here. And Brother Hobbson here, made a remark that if I wasn't here to continue on with Abraham tonight, I'd like to draw some--some contents from that. He told us the story, which was very exciting of three men that was in a hotel or a place that they--they left their... The elevator broke down, and they had to walk seventy flights of steps. And they agreed that so far up they would a--each one would tell how that a--some experience of life. Twenty stories, 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min one told, and fifty or sixty stories, the next one told his experience. And at the top the fellow said, "The very--the experience that I've had, one of the most peculiar, is right now. I left my keys at the desk."

L-6 I just wonder, if many times in our Pentecostal experiences of trying to build big church, or do something to get a lot of people in, if we don't leave the key, the supernatural key? What we really stand for, the Pentecostal, if we don't leave it at the desk. If it does, let's run down the steps real quick tonight, and get it, so we can unlock the door. 'Cause it wouldn't make much difference how high we climbed, as long we didn't have nothing to get in after we got there. That's was very good, brother, I certainly appreciated that. Such a lovely fellowship that we had this morning, and I'm sure glad to know that Yakima has a fine bunch of pastors here. God... Listen to them, brother and sister; listen to them, they'll tell you the way of life.

L-7 Now, I'm always late. I... Mother said I was borned a little late, and always at school I was... My report card was tardy, tardy, tardy, tardy, all the way down. When I got married, I was also late. I kept her waiting about a hour and a half. And I had to make sick call first. And so, if I can just be late for my funeral now, it--it'll be all right. I come into a Evangelical United Brethren Church in New Albany, Indiana, recently, and I was just about a half hour late, and pastor got up... And those people, they was ready to go home by that time. And they said, pastor said, "I now introduce to you the late Mr. Branham." Well, reminds me of a--Brother Sweet, who's here somewhere tonight, Brother Sweat, rather, was here this morning in the meeting. We was over in Jamaica recently, we met with each other in Kingston, when I was at the race course; and he was singing for me. And that night, the celebrity of the island, had brought us out for a businessmen's luncheon; and the people were there all the way from Cuba to attend this luncheon, of shoe manufacturing, cane workers, and so forth. And so one fellow said to me; he said, "Are you a preacher?" I said, "I hope so." And he said, "What are you doing hanging around with these Christian businessman?" I said, "Well, I--I--I am a businessman." So... "Oh, you are a businessman?" I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "A--what do you do?" I said, "I'm a salesman." He said, "What do you sell?" I said, "Insurance." "Assurance." Not "insurance." "Assurance..." He said, "What a..." He misunderstood me, he said, "What insurance is that?" I said, "Blessed assurance." And a--he said, "Oh." "I sell that." I said, "If anybody here tonight, is interested in a policy, I'd like to talk it over with you. I'd sure like to tell you about it. I--agent for the Eternal Life Insurance Company." I would like to talk it over with any of you all around the altar here, and I'm sure we can... We've got some agents here, would keep the policy right up and going (You see?) to keep it going.

L-8 A friend of mine, Wilmer Snider, he's got a Baptist brother out here somewhere, preaching, Courtney, if he's here, I'd like to shake your hands again, Court. And Wilmer and I were very good chums in school, and he said... One day he got to selling insurance. So he come up to my house, and he said, "Billy, I'd like to talk to you about insurance." Now, insurance is all right, but I don't have any of that kind. We're always paying to the undertaker, why not give some to the Uptaker, instead of the undertaker. So--so I... Insurance is all right, you understand that. I care nothing about... He said, "Billy, I'd like to talk to you about some a--insurance." And I said, "Oh, I have it, Wilmer." "Oh," he said, "pardon me." "My brother's an insurance agent." So he said, "Oh, I'm sorry," Said, "I wouldn't butt in around Jeff your brother." I said, "No." I said, "I have assurance." 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min And he said a... And my wife looked at me standing there as if I was a hypocrite. See? She looked over, and thought, "Well, what's this?" And he said, "A--what a--company are you with?" I said, "The Eternal Life." And he said, "A--oh." He said, "That's very good, Billy. But I'm going to tell you something; that won't put you in the graveyard out here." I said, "No, but it'll get me out. And I'm not interested in getting in." But said, "I'm interested in getting out."

L-9 So if anybody's interested in such a policy, and don't have one, well we'd like... Is that right, brother? We're agents here for that tonight. Yes, sir. I'm not worried about getting in the graveyard; the thing is getting out. So I... That's what I'm trying to sell you: it's the way out; and Christ is that way. And I'm so glad I have the assurance. And right before us, each one of us, sets a great, big, dark door. I know it sets before me. Every time my heart beats, I'm one beat closer to that door that's called death. And when I come to that place to where I know my last beat is beating, and I have to go into that place, I don't want to go screaming like a coward. I want to wrap myself in the robe of His righteousness, and go into my death, knowing this: that I know Him and the power of His resurrection, that when He calls I'll come out from among the dead one day. And that's our privilege of being here is for that.

L-10 Now, we're... I'll try to finish my text tonight of Jehovah-jireh if possible. We just got carried away last night, so innocent. So we left Abraham, last night, in the journey as an old man of seventy-five years old, that God had called him, and had called a total separation. And we learned in our lesson last night that God requires a complete separation from all the world. And the Scripture says, "If you love the world, or the things of the world (that's Abraham's seed), the love of God is not in you." So we must get to a spot in God, a place in His grace, until the things and pleasures of the world... I--I don't mean the physical pleasures like you'd go out and set under a tree to keep cool, or take a little ride in your car, but I mean the worldly pleasures, drinking, gambling, and evil things. If you still love those, the love of God isn't in it. That's how we can check ourself to see whether we got the faith or not when the things of the world is dead and gone from us.

L-11 And then, Abraham, we found out, didn't obey God just right. Now, he made ready and had faith in the promise. But see, we can still have faith in the promise and then not obey, still it'll hinder us. Now, you can say, "I've a... I--I believe in the Holy Spirit. I believe I should--I should be baptized with the Holy Spirit." Now, no matter how much you believe, you've got to obey that commission. See? Just faith alone won't work, because faith without works is dead. That's right. Just like the borderline believers. Got people today, you find, in the Bible It said, "For it is impossible for those which are once enlightened, and made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and fall away to renew themselves again unto repentance, seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh, and count the Blood of the Covenant, wherewith he was sanctified, an unholy thing, and done despite to the works of grace." Now, in Hebrews 10 it also says, "It's a fearful thing to fall in to the hands of the living God."

L-12 And those people... You've seen them come to church. They'll come and they'll say, "Oh, yes, I--I believe. Yes, sir. I..." But they'll... They believe it, but they'll never lay their hands to it to turn one wheel to help it go on. See? Now, that's just like it was in the Bible. Like Caleb and Joshua come back with the evidence that they'd been over in the land. But those other believers, they said, "Oh, it's too great. We can't do it." But they hung along just the same. They never got to enter the promised land. Just those who come back with faith that we could. Now, what if that group would've looked. Now, they said, "Why, the--the Amorites, and so forth, why, we look like grasshoppers to them." Well, but you see, Caleb and Joshua stilled the people, because they wasn't looking at the Amorites, how big they were, how big the cities was, but they was looking at a promise. God said, "I give you the land. It's yours." Now, God give you your healing, each one of you. It's yours.

L-13 Well now, God just didn't go over there, and take a broom, and sweep out Canaan, and all the Amorites, and 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min Hittites, and--and all of them, and sweep them out, and say, "Come on Is--Israel. This is yours. they've even planted the crops for you." No, sir. They had to fight every inch of the way. That's right. But they had the promise of victory. God told Joshua, "Wherever the soles of your foot tread, that I have given you." So footprints meant possession. Remember that, sister, in the wheelchair. Footprints means possession. Every time the soles of your feet touch, that's it; take that much ground. Say, "I couldn't wiggle my finger yesterday, but I can wiggle it today." You got that much possession; just keep moving on. Just keep going on. Tomorrow you can wiggle your hand. The next day your arms; then the first thing you know, here you go. Just keep a going. See? Footprints is possession.

L-14 When you come to total obedience, then you can have possession. But until you totally obey. You've got to completely surrender your own thoughts, your own will, your own mind, and let the mind of Christ operate in you. Now, do you think Christ would--the mind of Christ, in you, would say, "The days of miracles is past"? Do you think the mind of Christ, in you, would say, "The Bible's right in some places and not in others"? The mind of Christ would sanction every word that Christ ever said. It's right. So if you don't use your own mind, just use His mind. That's how visions at nighttime... If I use my own mind, how--what could I do? I couldn't do nothing. But just yield myself to Him, and then He uses my mind, my eyes, my mouth. He's my all. Just yield. That's the way you do it. That's the way these ministers do when they're preaching the Gospel. They get up there and take a text, why, they just start off to preach, and yield themselves to God, they're ministers, the first thing you know, the Holy Spirit maybe take them on another text, take them somewhere else.

L-15 Someone said to me, not long ago, said, "Brother Branham," said, "you never stay with your text. You ought to stay on the highway." I said, "Everybody I preach to don't live on the highway. I have to go down the lane sometime to pick up one down here somewhere. So I have to get off on somewhere else. Just where He leads me." That's about the way it goes, isn't it, brethren? We have to get off the highway somewhere, and go down this way, and pick one here, and over here. You don't know your saying it, but you just follow the way He says it. It's speak--speaking to somebody up there, down here, over there, somewhere. It's for them. If you just follow His leading.

L-16 Now so, and finally we find when Abraham come to total obedience, and come to the place that he was... everything out of the way. His father died; Lot separated himself from Abraham, then God told Abraham, "Rise and walk through the land. It's all yours." Oh, I--I love that. Every time I think of that, I get a religious feeling just as soon as I do that. See? "Rise and walk through the land, because you possess it all." That's the way we do in this Bible. As soon as we become Christians and filled with the Holy Spirit, we're seeds of Abraham, and heirs of every promise. So just walk through the land; every bit of it's yours. See what you got. See if the Holy Ghost is the same today as it was yesterday. See if everything that God promised isn't just the same. See? It's yours.

L-17 When Christ died, you know what He did? He gave you a checkbook when you become His child. And at the bottom of every check it's got Jesus' Name. Now, the only thing you have to do is co-sign this check with Him. Sure you're not afraid He won't keep His--He won't keep His Word, the bank of heaven won't honor it. "Ask the Father anything in My Name, I'll do it." Oh, my, what a promise. Are you--could you put your name on the check with Him, tonight. "By His stripes, I was healed. I, William Branham, was healed, nineteen hundred years ago, by His stripes." He's got His Name signed in His own Blood at the bottom of it. The Father will recognize that. You just try it once. Don't try it, just do it. Anybody can try it. It takes somebody who knows what they're doing to do it. That's right. It ain't a try. We don't go at trying. If you got faith, you don't try; you go do it, because you know you can.

L-18 So when Abraham obeyed, and he got the blessing, God said, "Now, you've done just what I told you. Walk through the land, every bit of it belongs to you." And then we found, later on, last night in our course of study of Abraham, as we bring him up to where he called Jehovah-jireh, we find out, in here, that Abraham come to another place that God was going to confirm this covenant. Now, if you notice, I want to stop just for a background on where I'm going on, God always gives signs and wonders of 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min a comprom--confirmation of His promises. Now, how many in here has received the Holy Ghost? Raise up you hand, are borned again Christians? That's a compromise--confirmation that He's still God. Is that right? That's the confirmiser, He'd still a Healer. How could a man ever preach Divine healing without preaching--preach Divine grace, without preaching Divine healing, I don't know.

L-19 What is sickness? Sickness is an attribute of sin. Before we had any sickness, we had no sin. Sin come as a result of sickness, maybe, not your sin, but the sin of your parents. Just like it was give down to you when your were born, and so forth. Now, you don't have to just... If a great dragon or a--or an animal like a lion, had his paw hooked in my side, that was a tumor or a cancer, and trying to kill me. There's no need of just trying to cut his foot off for Divine healing. If you just knocked him in the head, it kills the whole thing. And when Jesus died for sins, He died for every attribute that sin ever produced. See? So when sin was finished, it was all finished, the complete plan of redemption. So we are... If you just knock him in the head with the sin question, kill sin you kill every attribute of it. See? What is sin? Unbelief. So when you kill all unbelief, why, you know that God's Word's right, that He's the same yesterday, and forever, so all the promises are yours. Walk through the land, it's all yours. It belongs to you. Just enjoy it; it's yours. God gave it to you. The grace of God give it to you. It's all yours. When the sin question's over, you've received the Holy Ghost, everything you have need of in life's journey is right there in the Bible for you, everything you have need of.

L-20 Today, there's a woman setting in the meeting tonight, a minister's wife who came down from Tacoma, and I had a little interview with the woman today. She's setting there. The woman had something, the doctor's had done said, such and such a things to her, something in there was just... And she was making ready to die. And the Holy Spirit, setting right in the room, come right around and revealed the thing, and as soon as It touched the woman, she ripped out a great, big cry, and full of joy. She was healed. God touched her body and healed her. Are you here, Sister Rasmusson? Where you at? Are you in the building here somewhere? Setting back there. Yes, sir. Now, the Holy Spirit come into the room, and revealed the thing. Opened it up. There was no way of... I didn't pray for her. I didn't have to pray for her. When you know the truth, the truth makes you free. Oh, I like that. Don't you? The truth makes you free. When you know that Jesus died for your sins, and you've accepted Him as your Saviour, and you've got the Holy Ghost, and by His stripes you were healed, if you know that truth, that truth alone, makes you free. Amen. No need of prayer. It didn't... It's not praying; it's just believing, believing the truth. Sometimes we have to pray to bring that truth to our hearts, but God gives us every inch of material that there is of the Kingdom of God to work with, to bring faith to the people: gifts, signs, wonders, everything to do it. But when He does it, then it's a finished work. God did it... When He does it to you, and you believe it, accept it, then your healing is... That's just all there is to it. You have to believe the Word of God.

L-21 Now, going down another lane, just a minute. But recently, I had a meeting in a certain city, and there was a lady come on the platform with stomach trouble. The Holy Spirit told her, said... Oh, it just happens hundreds of times in the run of a few months. It told her, she had serious stomach trouble, told her who she was, where she come from. That was all truth. And said, "You've suffered with this stomach trouble for a long time." Told her what kind of a ulcerated condition it was, and what the doctors had said, the type of doctors that tended to her. That was all true. Then she started to leave the platform. Now, you have to watch that. See? And then when she started, I seen another vision. Remember, that time it's THUS SAITH THE LORD. I told her, "Go eat, for THUS SAITH THE LORD you're healed." On down the line, went on through. And she went home that night, and it was one of her neighbors went and had a big lump on the side of her neck, like a fatty tumor right beneath the chin here, or the jawbone, and the collar bone here. A big tumor about somewhat stuck out a inch or more. And the Holy Spirit said the same thing to her. "THUS SAITH THE LORD, you're healed." 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min Well, that night going home, they was in the same car, so they discussed it. Well, they said, "Maybe, it'll--we--we'll be all right."

L-22 Well, the lady went home, and I told her, the Holy Spirit told her rather, to go ahead that she was healed. So she went home, thought maybe she could eat. My, did it made her sick. And so then the next day, went on for two or three weeks passed and she was no better off. And so her husband told her, said, "Now, honey, I don't mind you giving testimony." But said, "Just remember," said, "you're no better." And said, "You must--you're bringing a reproach upon the cause, that--that of you saying that." Said, "You're--you're saying that you're healed, when you're not." She said, "Look dear," she said, "that man never knowed me. How did he know me and we live a hundred and fifty miles of where he never was." And said, "He told me exactly the truth, word by word, and you know that." And said, "Then--then, when I started to leave the platform, he told me, 'THUS SAITH THE LORD, you're healed.'" Said, "If I spend another fifty years testifying of it, without any results, I'll still say I'm healed." So that--that's it. That's the idea. She had it.

L-23 And so, a few days after that, she was... One morning, she was standing washing the dishes; the children had went to school; and her husband had went to work; and she was washing the dishes at--at a window. And said, "Just like a cool feeling passed over her." And somehow or another, she went on, never noticed it, just maybe like a little shiver or something, you know, and said, "She just went on and washing dishes." Said, "A few moments she got real hungry, so hungry she couldn't hardly stand it." And oats always made her sick. You know what oats does to an ulcer. "So she got a couple of spoonfuls of oats out of one of the children's plates, and swallowed it, and thought she'd go on." Said, "I know I'll vomit it, maybe, in a minute." For she always did, 'cause it come right back up. And so she a--went down and eat this, and she started, never bothered her, never burned. Well, she went back and finished up the plate. So first thing you know, she's standing around there a few minutes, nothing happened. See?

L-24 Her believing was over then, she didn't have to believe then. It was already done. See? You just believe unto, till it's done, then you know it. So then... It's all... The work's finished. That's the way a vision is when He says a certain thing's going to happen, then you just believe until that happens, then it's over. See? You believe it's going to happen, when it's already happened; it's over. So then, after while she seen. She waited about a half hour and nothing happened; she was hungry again. She fried her up a couple of eggs, and got her some toast, and made her a cup of coffee, and she had a gastronomical jubilee. She just had her a good time. And she waited till about a--up to about ten o'clock and she... Oh, it was just fine and dandy, getting hungry again. So she was so happy, she said, "I'm going to run down and tell her neighbor."

L-25 And she--when she got almost to the house, she heard somebody screaming down there at the top of their voice. And she run to the door, and jerked open the door. Here was this woman with this sheet in her hand, shaking the sheet, walking up-and-down the floor. Said, "What's the matter?" The woman that had the lump on her neck, said, "You know what?" Said, "This morning I got up and the lump's gone. I've searched all through the bed; I've shook the sheets and everywhere; I can't find it anywhere." See? And they come about five hundred miles to testify of that. What was it? The Angel of the Lord passed through the neighborhood that morning. See? Sometimes God can't answer just at the moment. How many knows that Daniel prayed, and it was twenty-one days before? Remember that? Sure. But when God says anything, God stays with His Word. You stay with It too. But if you leave the Word, you leave God, leave your--leave your blessing and everything there. Stay and obey God's Word. What God says, God does. And that's the way Abraham had to do.

L-26 So then God confirmed it with him, and we went through last night the beautiful order of confirmation. And how in the Orient, and how God tore Christ apart, and taken His body up to His right side, right-hand rather, and sent down the Holy Spirit upon the Church to--to anoint other sons and daughters of God. And that same Spirit that was on Christ is in the Church now. Do you believe that? A--look. I have something to say, but I--I'm afraid--I'm afraid it'll be misunderstood. Let's take a triangle, say, like this. Now, we're going to start at the bottom. That was the first reformation, Martin Luther. Oh, it was a--it was a horrible thing to even say you was a Christian then, because you were persecuted, and made fun of, and everything. Remember, 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min the righteous is always persecuted, always have been, and always will be.

L-27 Now, that we have plenty of room, just justification by faith. That went on for awhile, until we had Calvin, and Knox, and so forth. Then after while come in John Wesley with a new message of sanctification. The Church become in the minority. Then the Wesleyan organized, and got all different kinds of organizations. Along come the Baptist, and the Campbellites, and the so forth after that. And finally the first thing you know, begin to ravel out. And now watch, it's coming closer all the time, just like a pyramid (See?), coming closer all the time: Church becoming in the minority. Then after the Wesleyan died out on sanctification, along come the Pentecostal with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and the restoration of the gifts. Now--now, she's becoming in the minority (See?) again, coming down. Now, it's going to... Now, the Spirit of God was in the Lutherans. The Spirit of God was in the Wesley, and the Spirit of God was in the Pentecostals. But what is it? The Pentecostal Church is an advanced Lutheran Church. That's all. It's an advanced Lutheran Church. Now, when it comes down to here, the church is going to have to be in such a order.

L-28 If you've ever been in Egypt, you'll know that the great pyramid in Egypt, that they all speak so much of, which many claims to be a--a--prophetic thing that was built before the antediluvian destruction. That I could not say, I know nothing about that. But if it was, then the headstone was never put on that pyramid. They've found--said they found it in different countries and so forth, but it never would come up to the diagram that fits the--the stones that was up there. It would have to make--the cap there would have to be the perfect stone. If it does have any symbol of prophecy, then the headstone was rejected just like the chief Cornerstone the Bible was rejected. But now, if we're getting closer and closer, and the Spirit of God has come from justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost, that church will have to be so close and the Spirit of God so perfect working in that church, that when the Headstone comes, it'll cap it together, and the resurrection will come, and away will go the Church. Now, that--that's just hearsay. See? But I--I'm trying to show you a point that the church has got to come to a place to have the Spirit of Christ in it, the Spirit of Christ operating in our bodies just like it operated in the body of our Lord. "The works that I do shall you also. More than this shall you do, for I go to My Father."

L-29 Now, that was God's promise that He give the confirmation to the our father, Abraham, and us being dead in Christ take on Abraham's seed, and are heirs according to the promise. Then if we are Abraham's seed, the Holy Spirit lives in us doing the works of Christ. See what I mean? Now, watch as we begin to draw near... Let's take Abraham a little farther, and we'll run into it. Just knowing... We was in the 15th chapter last night or the 16th. Now tonight, let's jump over to the 17th chapter the 1st verse. When God appeared to Abraham then after he become ninety and nine years old, ninety-nine, in the 17th chapter of Ex--of Genesis.

L-30 Now, when He appeared to him there, He appeared to him in the Name of the Almighty God. The Hebrew word there comes from the word of "El Shaddai", "El" strong one, "Shaddai," shad means "the woman's breast," but "Shaddai, Shaddai" means the plural, "breasted." He's the breasted God. Wasn't that really striking to an old man a hundred years old, as good as dead? His life stream was gone. Sarah's womb been dead for years. She's--she's ninety years old; he's a hundred years old, and God appears to him as El Shaddai, "I am the breasted God." Oh, my, watch. Not only breast God, but breasted God... Oh, you that don't believe in Divine healing, I hope this grinds real deep. "He was wounded for our transgressions, with His stripes we're healed." Your salvation for the soul, this breast. If you want salvation for the body, this breast. He is the El Shaddai, the Almighty One, the strong One.

L-31 Not only does a woman a... Her breast is to nurse her baby. God's breast is to nurse His children. And take a little sick baby when it's real sick and fretting; the mother can take the little baby, pull it up to her bosom, and it nurses its strength from its mother. Amen. Oh, do you see it, brother? See? If we are sick, just come up to El Shaddai. Amen. Lay a hold; nurse your strength and health from Him. He's El Shaddai. Believe that, sister, that beautiful young woman in the cot. All right. Have faith in it. Believe it. Just hold onto El Shaddai, the breasted God. Not only does a baby draw its--its 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min strength from its mother, but also it stops fretting. It's satisfied. He is a Satisifier. When a baby begins to draw its--the--the strength of the mother into its own body, it's satisfied while it's a drawing. Amen. There we are.

L-32 Now, if we have took a hold of God by faith, and believe that He is the strength Giver, "By His stripes, I was healed. I accept it in my possession. Every promise is mine. The covenant's been confirmed by giving me the Holy Ghost and filled me with His goodness, and mercy, saving me from sin, turning my head from the things of the world, and setting my affections on Calvary. Now, I know that's right. I've passed from death unto Life. Something happened to me that changed my whole being."... Thirty-one years that's been sweet and dear to me; it's better tonight, than it ever was. I know that something happened to me. All right. That same One that gives me joy, and strength, and salvation, has said, "If you are sick just come right over on this other breast and draw your strength from Me." Oh, my. You're satisfied. It satisfies. When I hear the Word of God say, "By His stripes I was healed," that satisfies me. Amen. That's right. Don't fret no more. Don't just run from here there. Don't do this, that, and the other. Just--just lay there and nurse your strength and health back again from El Shaddai, the strong One.

L-33 I've had many times people come. I've been in the insane institutions to watch and so pitiful and how they are. And many times, when the--Satan takes a hold of those people, that--four or five times their power. An insane man has many times his power. Look at--at the maniac of Gadara. Why, they put chains around him, he'd break them. No man could tame him. The devils had a legion in him. Now, if a legion of devils in a man, can give him four or five times their strength, what will the Holy Ghost do when He gets a hold of a man? No matter if he's sick, whether he's afflicted... You say, "Well, I just can't move." Let the Holy Ghost take a hold one time, and watch what takes place. Yes, sir. Oh, it just--it doubles and triples your strength, 'cause you're not walking in your strength; you're walking in the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. God raised Him up from the dead, and loosed the pains of death, and give Him to us as a propitiation for our sins. And we--we know that we've passed from death unto Life, and have that what we ask for.

L-34 Maybe, it's just one nurse--time of nursing, you don't get enough strength. Just stay there. Draw from Him until you are walking, until the cancer is gone. Refuse to see the cancer. Refuse to see anything that's contrary to His Word. It's not so. Everything... Like Jonah. "They're lying vanities. I won't even see them. I won't recognize them. No, sir. I see what God said." Don't see the Amorites. Don't see the graveyard. Don't see these things. See the promise of God. God promised us. It's up to God to take care of it. Yes, sir. Now, I know that death's got to strike everyone. Death comes to us all, but sometimes, just because of unbelief we give up and go to a premature grave. God don't want us to do that. He wants us to trust Him, and believe Him, and--and say it's so. And stay with it, because God...

L-35 Lazarus died, that's true. He rose again, and he lived a normal life for many, many years, because of the resurrection Jesus gave him. And then, 'course, he died again, because he will come forth in the resurrection. Jesus said he would come forth in the resurrection, but he has to go to his rest like all human beings. But until that time comes, let's not be cheated out of life, for service for God, 'cause it's Satan's business to cheat you out of it. Yes, sir. But God is El Shaddai (Amen.), the strong One, the breasted God. The Nurse, the--the Giver of strength to His sick children, when His children gets sick. You say, "Well, I'm ninety years old." So was Abraham. He was ninety and nine years old, but he was still just a little baby. God said, "Lean on My breast and nurse, Abraham." Amen. What was ninety-nine years to God?

L-36 You know what your three score and ten means to God? According to the time... He has no time; He's in eternity, but the thousand years, I think, amounts to about to three or four minutes of God's time. You're--put up with you your whole lifetime for nearly a hundred years. So Abraham was nothing but just a little baby. And God said, "Get up here, Abraham. You're old. You're a hundred years old, whiskers was hanging way down like this, and that gray hair, and it--it... You're just an awful old man to the world, but to Me you're just a baby. You're just a baby, Abraham. Climb up here on My lap. Set down here and--and go 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min and nurse your strength back again." Oh...

L-37 And everything that He gave Abraham, by promise, He gave to Abraham and (and's a conjunction)--and his seed after him. Amen. Aren't you glad you're Abraham's seed? Oh, I'm so glad. Oh, I feel like singing that song, Every promise in the Book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. I'm trusting in His love Divine, For every promise in the Book is mine. It's yours. Eve... "Whosoever will, let him come and drink from the fountains of the waters of Life freely." It's for whosoever will can come. So God done this for Abraham, and Abraham being a hundred years old, and Sarah ninety years old. Little grandma now, likely a little shawl over her shoulder, and little dust cap on, on a little stick, was going around like this.

L-38 Well, about a few days after that, he was setting out in the hot sun one morning. And oh, it must've been a terrible time. We're about the 18th chapter now, or the 19th. He was setting out in the hot sun. The herdsman come up and said, "Oh, my, they're carrying on..." The water's all gone, and everything looked like it was going wrong. Watch out when that happens. To a Christian, when that happens is a blessing laying just beyond there, and Satan's trying to his best to keep it away from you. I've seen that in my life. When I go to pray, I'll get out in the woods, the green briars... You don't have them here, do you? But we have plenty of them back in the east, and they scratch you, and you get over here in the sun shines down through the trees on you. You get over here on--on the hillside, and you're praying like this, and over here there's too many rocks, and mosquitoes is biting, and oh, everything. Now, when you get to that kind of a place, just throw up your arms and say, "Hallelujah, God, You're a calling me, and I'm answering to You." Something going to happen. That's right. 'Cause there's a blessing laying there, and Satan's trying to fight you. He's an old mean, split foot anyhow, you know. He--he's trying his best to keep you away from that blessing. Just stay there till you've prayed through. I don't know care; let the mosquitoes bite. Whatever takes place, just stay with it, 'cause Satan will rob you from that if he possibly can.

L-39 So here was Abraham. I see him after God appeared to him as El Shaddai, goes back and said, "Sarah, do you know what? I am just a little baby." She said, "Honest Abraham, are you?" "Yes." "He told me just to lean on His bosom and nurse my strength back." That's right, he was ninety-nine years old. Well, he's setting out there one morning, and the first thing you know, they looked at these three Men coming up. When Abraham, setting under this oak, in the--in his tent door looked out. And you know, there's just something about a Christian you can tell. There's just something you know a Christian. He's ever received the Holy Spirit, talk to him, in a second you'll know that's something's happened to him. He's passed over into Canaan's land. So you notice him. He's marked. And there they was setting out there, and these three Men come dust all over Their clothes, and said, "We are Strangers. We've come from another land, yes, far away." Glory.

L-40 And he said... And Abraham got things ready and told Sarah to make some bread, as we had the other night, and brought it out, and laid it before Them, and They eat. Two of Them went down in Sodom, because Sodom was just about ready to--to be burnt up. And now, One talked to Abraham. And these went down and preached to Lot, to pastor Lot down in a--Sodom. And he tried his best to bring the people out, but they wouldn't listen. They were just as modern as these people are today in this nation. They had their own ways, and their own religions, and their own cut and dried programs, and sin was heaping on every side. And they--they had their own way, so that you couldn't talk to them. Did you ever see people you couldn't talk to? Nobody you can... You can't speak nothing to them, 'cause they won't believe it. They'll just listen for a second; their gone. That's all. They... Little jug will fill up before a big one, you know. And so then, away they go, and they won't listen to it at all.

L-41 Now, then there was a--One that stayed back and talked to Abraham. And this One said to him, "Abraham, where 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min is Sarah, your wife? Now, as we had this other night, I'm just going brief it for a moment. Now, how did He know he was married, had a wife, and her name was Sarah? And Abraham said, "She's in the tent behind You." He said, "I am going to visit you, Abraham. I'm going to fulfill My promise." Now, Who was that person? I want you to notice. Who was that man that was setting there eating? Well, He was eating veal chops, corn cakes, butter and bread, drinking milk from the cow. A Man setting there with dust on His clothes, and the Bible said that He was God. Abraham called Him Elohim. Looked to the big capital, Lord, Lord Elohim. Trace it through and find out. 'Course, the pastors here said, "Amen," to it. It was. It was Elohim.

L-42 And then Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man." Elohim, the strong One, would come down in human flesh. You get it? Elohim, the strong One, would come down in human flesh, and would manifest Himself by knowing the secret of the heart of the one He was talking to. Just exactly what His Son did when He was here on earth. See? Dwelling in human flesh, what flesh? Your flesh. My flesh. The Holy Spirit, Himself, coming down in human flesh and dwelling, showing signs, said, "Where's Sarah, your wife?" Said, "She's in the tent behind You?" And He said, "I'll visit you." And Sarah said, "An old woman like me have pleasure with my lord." The Bible said they were both well stricken in age, well stricken. "Think I have pleasure with my lord again." 'Cause she was... Why, she was forty-five years past menopause. "Think that I'd have pleasure with my lord again, seeing I'm old, and my lord is old?" She said, "That just couldn't be." And the Angel, God in human flesh, eating meat, eating bread, drinking milk, setting there, said, "Why did Sarah laugh?"

L-43 Oh, Jesus said that same thing will appear just before the fire begins to fall on a modern Sodom and Gomorrah. See how close we are, friends? Look at the sign in the church. Let me stop here a moment. Recently, I was in India, where the Lord gave us the greatest meeting we ever had. Could only stay two days. No place to put the people. Estimated five hundred thousand at the meeting. That's a half a million people, no place to put them. Outside of the city limits you couldn't get protection, and they'd have riots, and so they wouldn't let us have the meeting outside. We're supposed to this October, last of this October to be in New Delhi. If I can get released to go, where we got a amphitheater that'll set a million people. So if I have the meeting in India.

L-44 And when I got there, I picked up a paper, and it said, "The earthquake must be over." I've got it, clipping's at home. I beg pardon, the Christian Businessmen's used it to run in the--their--their digest. So I... It said on there, "The earthquake must be over." Said, "Three days ago, two days before the earthquake come..." In India they don't have fences, woven wire like we have here in Washington and around. They pick up rocks on the field. There's four hundred and seventy people, or four hundred seventy million people in India, and looked to me like about four hundred million of them was beggars. So they--they've got a lot of natural resource, but no mental powers to develop it. So they pick up rocks and make their houses, pick up rocks and make their fences. And little birds go in these rocks and build their nests. Well, and then of an evening, where there's no shade, the cattle will stand around these big tall fences for the shade when the sun's so hot. But for two days, the little birds had completely left all these little coves in there for their nests, and went out into the fields in the bushes. All the cattle, of the evening, they used to stand around the fence, and all the sheep and everything, they get right out in the middle of the field and lean against one another, standing right in the hot sun.

L-45 The people didn't know what was the matter. Said, "Look at the birds, by swarms, leaving the walls going away. They won't roost that night. They don't come back. They leave and don't return. The sheep won't even come around the fences; they stand out there against one another, and the cattle." That earthquake come and shook those walls down. Then the birds come back. It was a sign the earthquake was over. Brother, the same God that could lead the sheep, and the birds to the ark in the days of the antediluvian destruction, is that same God, today, Who can... And if God can speak to a bird to flee from danger, "Get away from these big walls 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min of Babylon of unbelief; there's coming a shaking time." The Holy Spirit showing signs and wonders of the destruction at hand.

L-46 Look, it could happen at any time. There's not one thing left. The coming of the Lord is at hand. We see in the hangars of Russia and all the different worlds, bombs and things that would destroy the complete world in one snap. The world could not stand it. And before that takes place, the Church is going to glory. Remember, before any rain ever fell, Noah was in the ark safety. Before any fire ever fell, the Angel said to Lot, "Get thee hence. Get out of here, 'cause I can do nothing until you've gone hence, got away from here." Church going out before the destruction comes, and the scientific world says, "It's three minutes until midnight." The clock's ticked away all the time. Eternity is fixing to set in. The world knows, the scientific world knows, that.. Said, "It would scare the people to death." You've heard the... If they'd put it out on radio and so forth... We know that time is at hand. And if it could happen before morning, and the going of the Church goes before that happens, how close is the coming of Christ? Amen. Hallelujah. Brother, I'll tell you; you can't dig deep enough to hide from one of them bombs. They'll blow a hole in the ground for a hundred and fifty miles, two hundred feet deep. How you going to get down there? If you build a--a iron cage or a building, five hundred feet deep, the concussion would break every bone in your body. It's got in such a place, there is no hiding place down here. You could cry to the rock. But I'm telling you; there is a bomb shelter at that. It's made out of feathers, under His wings. Amen. That's the shelter, the everlasting shelters of His...?... in glory. That's the place of refuge, the place to flee to.

L-47 I set in the mountains sometime ago, watching an old mother eagle bring her little ones from the nest. She set them out on the ground. They'd been out of the old pukey nest... Excuse that expression. The old nest that stinks, if you're ever around a eagle's nest. And--and then she set them out there, and I was setting up herding cattle, and I was... When I was in these campaigns, but I went up there to bring the cattle up in the springtime, and I was watching through binoculars. And if I ever seen a Pentecostal meeting was them little eagles. They'd never had their feet on that grass before you know, nothing but the old, sticky, stinky nest, like the world. And the mother spread her big wings, and picked them up, and brought them down, and set them down in Pentecostal territory. They were just jumping on one another, and that good feeling on their feet. You know, you know how you feel when you got the Holy Ghost, just you're walking on feathers, or springs somewhere, just feeling good.

L-48 They were having them a great, big Pentecostal jubilee. And that old mother, as soon as she left them, she flew, took her big wings, and flew up on a big high rock. Folded those big wings, and set up there and looked down on them. I thought, "Oh, my." That's what He did. When He brought me out of the old nest of the world, He climbed the ramparts of glory, and His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He watches me. He watches you. Let a coyote come up if he wants to, she'd pick him up so high in the air, and drop him, he disintegrate. Yes, sir. Nothing going to hurt her brood; she's watching it. God watches over His Word. He watches over His people. He wants to find somebody that will believe Him, and put trust in Him...?... at Him in the glories above, watching.

L-49 The first thing you know, I heard a roar. And a green from over here towards Washington; that as in Colorado. I seen a green streak coming. I knowed a--a storm was a coming, thunder and lightning. That old mother set there, and she sniffed that storm a little while, and she throwed them big wings, and let out a great, big scream, and down into the valley she went. When she went down there, she threw her big wings out, just made a big call, and every one of them little eagles run and jumped right on that mother's wing, and took their little feet, and held onto the feathers, put their little bill, and caught onto it; and them great big wings begin to move. Oh, glory. Going call me holy-roller anyhow, so you might as well get started. Yes, sir. When she took them big wings, she begin to raise, right facing that wind. And they could pierce the wind coming sixty miles an hour. And them little eagles holding onto that wing, she went right straight into the hole in the rock. I said, 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min "Oh, God." I throwed them binoculars down and danced over the top of that hillside. I said, "Someday, the power of God will spread forth His great wings across the earth, and His eagles will grab a hold into the Rock of Ages, cleft for me. Let me hide myself in Thee. While the narrow waters flow. Yes, sir. Hold onto that Rock of ages.

L-50 I was up at Gary, Indiana, having a meeting. That's when just little girl, Fred Astaire's dancer was called out of the meeting, and--and Rosella Griffin, the alcoholic, and all those great things taking place just recently. They taken me down to the steel mills there to--a--to show me around, where it was--what they was doing. And one of the fellows, a Christian man... They had a bunch of lathes where they was running this machine shop thing, scraping off all this stuff they was making. And so after while, there was a little whistle blowed. And when they did, each man took off his apron, took his broom and swept all the shavings out into the middle of the floor. He said, "Now watch, Mr. Branham, I'll show you something." I said, "Yes, sir." Another little whistle blowed, and every man took off. And down through the room, and aisles was laying a big pile of shavings. He went over there and pressed the door like that, or button like that at the door, pressed it, and here come a great, big magnet coming through roaring. Roaaar, making a noise coming through, down through another place, down through another place, coming down, and it passed right down across all them shavings, and all them shaving jumped right up, because they magnetized with that magnet. He went right back out over a big cupola; he pulled a little thing; de-magnetized that, and it all dropped off into a big cupola to be molded and made over. I said, "Is that way you do it?" He said, "Yeah." I said, "Hallelujah." Said, "What's the matter with you?" I said, "Listen, I noticed all them shavings didn't go. Why didn't all of them go?" He said, "Because they're aluminum. So they're not magnetized to the magnet." "Oh," I said, "glory." I said, "Why didn't that piece of iron go there?" He said, "You see, it's bolted down." I said, "Oh, God." Said, "What's the matter with you?" I said, "I'm thinking about another great magnet. Hallelujah, the Son of God hanging yonder in glory. Someday, there'll be a sound like a rushing wind, and here He will come. And all those that are magnetized to His Spirit will go up to meet Him in the air. Those that are shacked with sin, those that are aluminum church member will never make it. And we'll be molded out into the image of Him...?... glory to God." Oh, my, what a day that will be. Keep my soul magnetized, Lord, with Your Spirit above all things. Let me take the key with me while I'm coming up this ladder. Yes, sir, for someday He will come. The Bible says He will, and I want my soul in harmony with Him. I want this contract like I tore last night; I want to be filled with this part of the contract waiting for that to come (Amen.), oh, with the covenant like He confirmed with Abraham.

L-51 Now, He said them things would happen. I want you--I want to give some of us old people some courage right now. I want to... You might differ a little on this. And if it does, you do this just like, now, I do when I'm eating cherry pie. That's my favorite pie. And when I eat cherry pie, if I hit a seed, I don't eat the seed, I just throw the seed out, and go on and eat the pie. So when I'm eating chicken... All preachers like chicken. When I hit the bone, I don't say that chicken's no good and push it back. I just eat all the meat off the bone, and leave the bone. So that's the way you do with what you--what I'm going to say now. If you can't--just eat what's meats on it, and the rest of seems like bone, or a--a seed, just leave it alone. See? Let it lay there. Why don't you watch what God did to Abraham and Sarah? He showed, by Abraham and Sarah, them two children, what He's going to do to all their children. Notice. You know what He done to Sarah and Abraham? He turned them back to a young man and woman. Sure did. Now remember, you say, "Can you prove that by the Bible?" Yes, sir.

L-52 Now in reading the Bible, you see, the Bible is a love story God's writing to His children. You believe that? Now, I love my wife. We really got a--a--a real love affair, she and I. So when I go overseas, I... That's the reason I believe in 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min the grace of God. I--I went... We go overseas, I--I don't come up and say, "Mrs. Branham, tell you something: Thou shalt not have no other husbands." She'd say, "Yes, and my young man, thou shalt not have any more wives either." See? Now, wouldn't that be a home? No. We get down and pray with one another. I say, "God bless you, honey." "I'll be praying for you, Billy." "I'll--I'll see you again, sweetheart." Overseas I go. See? That's all there is to it. I'll never live untrue to her. She won't with me, as long as we love one another. See? When you love God, you ain't going to hurt Him. That's all. You're going to do everything you can, so that's the main thing of life is the love of God. "Though I speak with tongues of men and Angels and have not love, I'm nothing." See? Now, that's right. Remember that. A love...

L-53 Later on in the week, I want to get you some experiences. What's conquered things, has been love. What conquers the sick, is love. God so loved the world. God is love. And they that love are of God. Now, that's... Now remember, that's not phileo love; that's agapao love. As you probably know. See? It's a godly love, not this here "free love" they call it in churches and things like that, but this is agapao love, God sent love, real genuine love.

L-54 Now, and then, a--going overseas, I wouldn't say that to my wife. Well, we just love one another and go ahead. Now notice, in reading the let--the Bible, it's a love letter to the church. Now, when I get overseas, Meda writes me a letter, she says, "Dear Billy. I'm setting here tonight; just got the baby to sleep, and so forth." She's saying something here, but you see, I--I can tell what's she's talking about, 'cause I love her so much, I know all about her, and I can read between the lines. I know what she's saying (See?), reading between the lines. Now, God's wrote the Bible, a love letter to His Church. Until you read the--with love, you'll never be able through a cold-educational program ever find God. You've got to have the love of God in your heart, then you'll read between the lines. That's where the real thing lays.

L-55 I appreciate what Meda says, but it's the love that I find between the lines that counts to me. That's the way it is with the Bible. I read between the lines, what He's saying. Now, let's read between the lines just a minute. Sarah and Abraham was both old. Now, so this will get you out of your thoughts, or kill that to begin with. The Bible said, the very same chapter, that they were both well stricken in age. He was a hundred years old, ninety-nine, and she was ninety: a hundred years and ninety years. Now, we know that a man well stricken in age, a hundred years old, stooped in his shoulders, and gray hair handing down, gray beard. Sarah a little grandma on her cane, little dust cap, you know, going around... And--and God told him that he was just a baby yet. So I want you to notice what He done to them.

L-56 Now, He turned them back to a young man and woman. Here's what He done. Now, if you notice, immediately after that the Angel appeared to them... See, now that--right after that Angel appeared, their--their transposition, they come back to young men and woman after that. Now, when this Angel of the Holy Spirit [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Sarah and Abraham become a young man and woman. I can just see Sarah get up one morning and say, "Abraham dear, why the hump's getting out of your shoulders." "Why, Sarah, them beautiful eyes, like an Angel, is coming back. That faded dark, that was in your eyes, is all fading away. And the hair's coming black again." He turned them back to about twenty years old again. I'll show you where He did or not. Now, you just watch...?...

L-57 Now, they took a--a three hundred mile journey. That's quite a long ways for an old man a hundred years old and a woman. Isn't that right? Three hundred mile journey down into Gerar in the Philistine country. Measure it on the map how far it is, and see. It's a long ways down there. And then the thing of it was; there was a young king down there by the name of Abimelech hunting himself a sweetheart and fell in love with Sarah: grandma. With all the beautiful Philistine girls, that there was down there, them Gentile girls, but here come Sarah, he said, "That's the one I've waited on": grandma. And Abraham said, "Sarah, you're fair to look upon. So I pray thee, say you're just my sister." See? 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min Oh, my, don't you see what He done? Well look, even after that, Abraham after the--even the death of Sarah, forty-five years later, God let him marry another woman, and had seven sons, besides daughters. Amen. You see between the lines what He done?

L-58 Now, listen to another thing. Before Sarah could have that baby... Excuse me, my sisters, this rude expression, but I must say it. Now, we know that God had to do something; she was not fertile. We know it. Sarah was sterile. She could not have the baby, 'cause he'd lived with her all these years, and she had no baby. Now, God had to make her womb fertile, first thing. Now, they didn't have these health and hygiene bottle in those days, so He had to give her new milk glands, because at that age those milk veins is dried up. Well, a woman of a hundred years old going into labor, she'd have had a heart attack. He had to make her a new heart. So see, He didn't just patch her up; He just made her a young, beautiful woman. That's a promise, He's going to do to every child of Abraham. Amen.

L-59 Abimelech fell in love with her. Old grandma, little, bitty hat on top of her head, and you know, said, "Oh, you're fair to look upon, dear. You're fair to look upon." Yeah. Nonsense, He made her a beautiful young woman. Sure, He did. What He's going to do to us, old people, one of these days? Change us back. Hallelujah. "All the days of my full time," said Job, "I'll wait till my time comes (Amen), when my change will summon. Yes, sir. We'll be changed in the moment and a twinkling of an eye, and be caught up together with them resurrected ones to meet the Lord in the air, and forever be with Him. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Amen...?... I feel so religious. My, to think of that. No matter what happens here on earth, that has nothing to do with it; I'll fly away one of these mornings.

L-60 Yes, sir. Changed them to a... And I want you to notice another thing, how God takes care of His people. Did you notice? Now, Abimelech said, "Oh, that's just the one I've been waiting on all these years." So he went to take Sarah for his wife, but you remember out of that pure lineage had to come the Messiah. And God plagued his house. And there was Abraham setting out there, just kindy... He was in the promise. He had the... Now, if this was you, you'd say, "I'm not worthy of it." You think Abraham was worthy of it? No, sir, after a man went down there and said that about his wife, said it was his sister, and let another man take his wife to save his own skin? Sure, he wasn't worthy of it, but God don't look at your--whether you're worthy or not; it's your faith in what you've promised Him you will be, if He will just do something for you.

L-61 There Abimelech, I guess, a good brother, said his prayers, washed hisself, and stretched his big feet out to have a nice--a nice sleep, folded his hands and said, "Tomorrow I'll marry this beautiful Hebrew woman." Took her into the house, and--and put on all kinds of fancy clothes, and earrings, and fixed her all up you know. Just only a hundred years old, you know, was about how old she was, but she was back to a young woman. And then the next day when he thought he'd get married, God appeared to him in a dream and said, "You're just as good as a dead man." Yes, sir. "You're as good as a dead man." Said, "You've took another man's wife." So that's a good lesson, brother. "You've took another man's wife." "Why," he said, "why, Lord, You know the integrity of my heart. You know that she told me that that was her brother, and he told me that's my sister. And the integrity of my heart..." He said, "That's the reason I've kept you from sinning against Me. But her husband is My prophet. I'll not hear your prayer, but take his wife back to him, and let him pray for you, and I'll heal you." Amen.

L-62 Oh, I love that. God's grace to His children, the power of faith, the power of prayer, changes things. Oh, brother, sister, we're living in the shadows of His justice, the shadows of His coming. That same God that lived in Abraham's day is just the same God, today; He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. All hell can never break one of these promises. God stays with His promise. There's nothing that can ever change Him. Oh, if we could only believe Him, only realize that... People, I'm telling you, you're Pentecostal people are seeing so much, and have through your life since you've become children of God, seen so much of the goodness, and mercy, and glory of God till it's become too common to you and... It's too common. You--you--you don't... It--that makes you lose faith. 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min Oh, you just think there's many people maybe that... You go over the Africa, down into Asia, down into Australia, some of them people's never seen it. And let some of them African natives, they see that happen, the glory of God fall like that, my, they believe it, take that old idol and break in the ground, and embrace Jesus Christ, 'cause they've never seen it before.

L-63 One time, there was a man, he studied and had never seen the sea, and he had studied about the sea. And he was going--had a vacation; he was going down to the sea. And so he met an old salt (sailor you know,) coming from the sea, and he said, as he went along, he said, "Where goest thou, my good man?" He said, "Oh, I'm going to the sea. I have never seen it." He said, "Oh, I long to hear the wild call of the gulls as they fly in the air. I want to see the briny waves, and the blue raised up and slap, I want to smell that fresh salt water." Said, "I've read about it; I've thought about it," but said, "I'm going now to see it." And the old salt pulled his pipe out of his mouth, and said, "I don't see nothing that's so good about it." Said, "I was borned on it sixty years ago." See? He'd seen so much of it till it become common. And I think that's what's the matter with us Pentecostal people. You see the glory of God so much, till it becomes common. Never let it become common. We must always reverence it, and respect it, and believe it with all of our hearts, with all of our hearts.

L-64 God is good. He wants us to--to get the best that we have. We're His children. We--He wants us to have the best that there is. We're the cream of His crop, and He wants us to--to have the best that there is. Do you believe that? Down in Louisiana, we had an old colored brother down there, a Pentecostal brother, and he was a nice old preacher. I thought a lot of him. And he kindy had my hobby of liking to hunt. And so he one day they had an old fellow there; he's name was Gabriel, but the--they called him Gabe just for short. And old Gabe was a nice old fellow, but he--we couldn't get him to line up with the church. The pastor would do everything for him he could, but he just wouldn't line up with the church. Had a fine, sainted wife, good woman, and she prayed constantly. And the pastor tried to get him to come to church, but he just wouldn't do it. He loved to gamble a little, and so forth, and drink a little. He just wouldn't line up with the church.

L-65 One day, him and the pastor went hunting. And when--on the road coming home... Now, Gabe was one of the poorest shot there is in Louisiana. He couldn't hit a inside of a barn with the doors closed. So they went out hunting that day, and that evening coming in, they had just loaded down with birds, and rabbits, and so forth. All the game. It was on Saturday afternoon. They was going hobbling along an old familiar path, along side of a hillside, and old Gabe kept looking over his shoulder, seeing the sunset. He walked on a little farther, and directly down his big, dark cheek the tears begin to roll. The pastor was going on in front with rabbits tied over sticks, and a hanging over his shotgun, and going along like that. After while, a great, big, dark hand reached across his shoulder, he--he looked around he said, "Pastor?" He turned around, and said, "Yes, Gabe." Said, "You see that sun setting yonder?" "Yeah." Said, "That's setting on both of our brows," Said, "setting on both of our brows." He said, "You know what I'm a going to do?" He said, "I'm coming down to the mourners bench in the morning." Down south, I don't know if you know what the mourners bench is here. It's a altar. He said, "Then I'm goin' to rise up from there; I'm going back to my precious wife, and take my seat. And after I--you baptize me, I's going to become a member of this church, and I'm going to remain in that church until death shall set me free."

L-66 The pastor dropped his gun, and throwed his arms around old Gabe, and he said, "Gabe, you know I'm happy to hear that." Said, "I want to ask you something, Gabe." Said, "What sermon did I preach that caused you to change your mind? Or what hymn did we sing in the church that caused you to change your mind?" He said, "Pastor," he said, "I appreciate every sermon you ever preached. I always enjoyed them, because you tell the truth." Said, "I enjoy every song that I hear the choir sing." Said, "Because I know it speaks of heaven and of God." But said, "It wasn't that pastor." He said, "You know, pastor, I couldn't hit nothing. I'm a poor shot." He said, "Just look at the meat that God--that God has given me." Said, "Surely, He must love me, or He wouldn't be so good to me." He said, 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min "Because He loved me, I love Him, and from this day on, I'm His servant."

L-67 Brother, that's it. If we would just look around and see how good God is to us, count our blessings, then we'd be willing to take our place at His throne. Let's bow our heads just a moment. Is there someone here would like to say, "Brother Branham, I know that God's been good to me, and I haven't been good to Him. I--I would like to raise to my hands, and say, I want to serve Him. I--I want Him to be my Saviour. And I'll raise my hand to Him now." Now, I--I pray that the sincerity of your heart will be--come to the spot now, this glorious anointing of the Holy Spirit. Now, you may all be Christians. That I don't know. But the Holy Spirit knows. The same One that reveals the secret of the heart will speak to you now, and let you know whether you are a Christian or not. If He says that you're not a Christian, will you raise your hand and say, "God be merciful to me? I now want to accept Jesus as my Saviour."

L-68 Would you raise up your hands, anywhere in the building? Anywhere? God bless you. I see that hand. Will there be another? God bless the lady here. Some up in the balconies to my right, along that way, would just raise up your hand? I now want to believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. He's been good to me, and I haven't been good to Him. I ought to give my life to Him. Some of you young folks up there? It would change your time of life, that reckless rock-and-roll age. Won't you come serve the Lord Jesus and have Eternal Life? Let me persuade you, in Christ's Name to be reconciled to God. God bless this little one back here, holding up her hand. Balcony to my left, would you? God bless you, sonny boy. One other? God bless you, young lady. God bless you, sister dear. Is there another, would just like to accept Christ tonight as your Saviour? Say, "I want to be remembered in prayer, Brother Branham, as Christ being my Saviour."

L-69 Down at the bottom floor to my left, in these aisles over here. Someone over there raise your hand that hasn't. Raise your hands, say, "Remember me, Brother Branham." The aisle to my right, over on this side. God bless. God bless this one. Yes. God bless this little girl. God bless this lady here. That's good. Now, with our heads bowed, let's pray. You that raised your hands, remember, that was God spoke to you. "No man can come to Me except My Fathers draws him." That shows the Presence of God is with you.

L-70 Our heavenly Father, let Thy goodness, and Thy mercy (Grant it, Lord) rest upon this audience this morning, especially upon those who raised their hands. I didn't finish my text tonight, Father, I didn't get to the subject. But I felt real strangely to stop right at this moment. Talking about Your goodness, how that You changed Sarah and Abraham. There may be many in here, Father, that will not be changed at that day. If that's so Father, may they raise their hands, not only their hands but their hearts and accept You as personal Saviour just now, that they might go on into the glory of glories to You, into the fellowship through the Blood, and be reconciled unto God through the righteousness of Christ. Grant it, Lord. Hear the prayer of Your servant as we commit them all to Thee. In the Name of Thy Son, the Lord Jesus. Amen.

L-71 Now, just before started, and ask to come to the altar, I felt real strange about that just now. I don't believe they give out prayer cards just now. No. Tomorrow night, I forgot to tell the boys to give out prayer cards. We will give them tomorrow night for the sick, to pray for the sick. I'll have them come over and give our prayer cards. I forgot to do it this afternoon. I've been busy. I was at the breakfast this morning, and had a room full all day, discernment and things; it just made me weak and I forgot to come to bring... Anyhow, is there any here that's sick? Needy? Raise your hand? You have something on your heart, just raise your hand, say, just to God, say, "Lord God, be merciful to me. I now want to accept. I want to accept my healing. I want to believe on the Lord Jesus." God bless you. God bless you. That's good. What say?

L-72 All right. He said there was a few cards out. We'll pick them up then tomorrow night with the rest of them. I want these people that raised their hands, I want them at the altar in a minute. I want to show you the reason--the reason that I stopped quickly, and never finished my text, was because the Holy Spirit said to me, "Now it was time." He's always right. Eight or ten hands has been up in here tonight. See? That they want to accept Christ. Now, to let you know, for the sick people that He also knows they was sinners here. He knows there's sick here. 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min Now, you that doesn't have prayer cards and wants to be remembered in prayer, raise up your hands. Say, "I'm sick, I need the Lord." Everywhere in the building, wherever you are. Now, let's bow our heads again just a moment and pray.

L-73 Now, heavenly Father, Thou knowest all things. On my left their little baby's dying. On the sinner up in the balcony, on the right, there's sickness. Thou art God, and we're talked about when You came down, You just formed Yourself a body. We're made out of sixteen elements, and what did You do? Them was two Angels that was with You. You just reached over got a handful of calcium, potash, and petroleum, and cosmic lights, and just blowed a breath into it until it become a body, and You lived in it, filled Your promise, Lord, returned back. The body turned to the dust. I'm so glad that I'm acquainted with a God Who can call me from the dust of the earth, just breathe the breath of life again, someday, and I'll live forever in a body. Lord, let it be for everyone here, and while these sick bodies are struggling with the Spirit of God in them, they're needing healing Father. I pray that You'll let this message be confirmed tonight, that You're God, and You heal the sick. You patch up this body that we can glorify Thee. Grant it, Father, in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-74 Now, reverently, with your heads bowed, I want to start and see if the Holy Spirit will take me right across the building, across here if I can. Someone who's close to me or something, pray. Anywhere you are. Your faith will override anyone else, if you've just got a lot of faith. Just pray. I'm watching for the Light of God. That Light, to me, I don't know it means to you... They usually have a picture laying here that I hold up before the audience. No doubt the boys has done it in the meeting, hold them up to the lights, the picture of the Angel of the Lord. Remember, it was a Pillar of Fire that led the children of Israel through wilderness. That same Pillar of Fire was made flesh, do you believe that? Sure. Jesus said when He said, "You're a man not just fifty years old, said you seen Abraham." He said, "Before Abraham was, I AM." Who was the I AM? The Light, the burning fire in the bush. He said, "I come from God, and I go to God." After His death, burial, and resurrection, Saint Paul (his name was Saul then,) was on his road to Damascus, and a great Light struck him down. That same Pillar of Fire. And He cried, "Saul, Saul, why persecuteth thou Me." He said, "Who are You, Lord?" And He said, "I am Jesus."

L-75 Here He is tonight with His picture taken. The first time in the--all the history of the world that science can't say there's not a supernatural Being. Here He is where abouts? In the Pentecostal Church with the Pentecostal people. Is that truly the same One? Watch what kind of works He does. If it's His Spirit, He will do the same that He ever did. You pray. Touch the border of His garment and see if He isn't the same God. Just pray, like the woman did that touched His garment. You say, "May I come up and touch you, Brother Branham?" He didn't say if you touched me. I'm not the high priest. You touch Him. Then His Spirit in me will us my hands, my mouth, my eyes, to speak to you, like the woman that touched His garment.

L-76 With your heads bowed, I want to speak to a little woman beyond this at this time, setting out here on the corner, suffering with heart trouble. That's right. You have... You can raise your head now. Do you have a prayer card? You don't? You don't need one. See? You're suffering with a heart trouble, had it for quite a while. It's a nervous condition of your heart. It won't bother you any more now, you touched the hem of His garment. You touched the High Priest, that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. You see, sinner, that raised your hand? That's the same One told me to stop now. He's coming for you, if thou can believe. Here's a man, setting right over to my left, setting way down in there. He's suffering with trouble in his neck, in his back, praying. If you'll just believe, sir, with all your heart. Mr. Christiansen. Stand up just a minute, sir. I do not know you. Isn't that right? I've never seen you in my life, or talked to you. If that's right, shake your hand like this. We're strangers. That's exactly what was right. That's exactly what your name is. That's... All He said was true? Do you believe you receive what you've asked for? Go home and have what you asked for.

L-77 If that isn't the same Angel... Here I'll turn my back, the Angel of the Lord's in that district right now. See if It's the 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min same Angel. There's a woman setting right behind the man. She's praying for her husband, because that he won't go to church. You believe, sister, that he will go to church, if you'll... Raise up if that's true? There's sh... There's her hand. See? Stand up, sister, so the people can see you. Wasn't you praying, Lord God, has about your husband's needs. Is that the desire of your heart, just praying for me to call you, raise up your hands? She's so overcome just at this time. She's standing there. Was those thing true what was said? If it is? That's it. All right. Do you believe? Have faith in God.

L-78 Here, see if It's the same Angel that met Abraham. Not me, this is just a vessel He can use. You're a vessel He can use. Have faith and believe. Let's see. I believe it's went over on that side. Let's go to this side. See if the Lord God will grant it. Now, Lord, with my eyes closed, I--I pray that You--the people can will understand that it's not Your servant, Lord; it's the con--confirmation of Your Word. Sinners will be called up to the altar in a minute, and let them know that the very God that talked to Abraham, that dwelt in human flesh, some kind of flesh, He created. We are flesh that He created, and promised through the righteousness of His Son that we'd be sanctified and given gifts. That His Spirit would move in us like it did before the destruction of Sodom. And let it be, Father. I pray in Jesus' Name.

L-79 There's a man setting directly behind me. He's a middle-aged man, and he--he's praying about a condition he's got. It's a cancer, and the cancer is on the--the hips, back part. The man is very seriously. Do you believe, sir, with all your heart that God will heal you? Mr. Honeycutt, you believe with all your heart now, you'll be healed. God bless you. It's all over now. You can go home. You believe on the Lord? That's His goodness. God answers prayer. There's a woman setting behind me in this direction somewhere. She's suffering with a nervous trouble. I see her; she's stands bef... Yes, she's been prayed for before in my line, somewhere. She was healed, her and her son. She's suffering with a nervous trouble now. Her name is Mrs. Booth. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. Have faith, and be healed and God will make you well. You believe it? I was looking for that dark hair and glasses, and parted on the side. I was looking through here, and I couldn't find you. I seen you standing in front of me here, but I couldn't find you. Those things are true? All right. You have your healing now. The thing is gone from you. You can be well, and go home, and enjoy good health.

L-80 Now, that's went... I believe it's went across the building, hasn't it, somewhere, around the building. Now, to you that raised your hand, will you come stand here just a moment? Surely, God stopped me in my message tonight, and said, "Make that altar call." Will you come now? Stand here just a moment, while we stand and sing just for a second. Come right down here. "Almost Persuaded, Now To Believe." What more could God do, than to do what He's doing now? Will you come here? The people here in the building, setting out there, would not knowing you at all. There's a power somewhere, and many of you people maybe has criticized the Pentecostal people. Come, my brother. The Pentecostal people, criticizing for shouting and speaking in tongues. You see what that same Spirit will do? It's just coming greater and greater, because the coming of the Lord is coming near. That's right. The hour is at hand. Will you rise and come here, and stand down here before me so I can pray for you? If He will hear my prayers to heal the sick and the afflicted, to let me know the secret of the heart, will you come now and stand? That's the way to do it. Come right out now. That's good. Come right down from the balconies. We'll stand right here, and wait for you, friend. This is more important. Right in the midst of my message, to start Jehovah-jireh, had it on my heart to make the--the--a point, and the Holy Spirit said, "Stop, stop, right now. Stop, right now. Tell them of My goodness and call." Come right on now. "Almost persuaded" now to believe; (God persuading) "Almost persuaded" Christ to receive. Seems now some soul to... (What? Go away? Now, listen, the Holy Spirit.) Go... (Would you grieve that Spirit from you? No. Come on. Come right On.) Thy way, Some more... 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min

L-81 I want to say something. A crippled woman is coming down, a young woman in a wheelchair, being pushed down. The last woman come down that line the other night in a wheelchair, the next night was healed and went home well. That's right. Remember, out of a wheelchair. Oh, to you that can walk, and this young woman being wheeled down. Won't you come? "Almost persuaded," harvest is past! "Almost persuaded..." Come down from the balconies, will you, you that don't know the Lord, know Him as your Saviour. Comes at last... (Harvest is almost past now.) "Almost"... (You say, "I almost come.") cannot avail; "Almost is but to fail! Sad, sad, that bitter wail-"Almost--but lost!" "Almost..." That's right, sister. Closer you come, the more you get to meet Him. ... harvest is past! That lady come all the way from the top of the balcony down. That's real conviction. It's a rare thing in America to see conviction like that. Comes at last. "Almost" cannot avail; "Almost" is but to fail! Sad, sad, that bitter wail-"Almost--but lost!"

L-82 Just think how close it will be at that day when you thinks that you've missed the place. Maybe, before morning, maybe bleeding on the highway in an accident, quivering, jerking, and jumping. The doctor say, "It's all gone." You feeled your pulse pulling up your sleeve. "Oh, why didn't I go?" The Holy Spirit said, "You're not right. You know you're not." "But I didn't do it; I was ashamed, because I professed to be a Christian." Brother, better bring it right here, because the whole world's going to know it one day. Let's make it right, right now. Come on. Won't you come? Once more, while I'm asking the personal workers to come with them, and stand around. The minister brethren, if they will, come around to these people here while we lead them to the throne of God in prayer. "Almost persuaded" now to believe; Almost persuaded to believe what God's saying in His Word, saying in His Spirit. Coming down and showing signs that He's the Messiah... now to receive; Oh, seems now some soul to say, "Go, Spirit... (Would you grieve that Spirit away from you?) Thy way, Some more convenient day On Thee I'll call."

L-83 There may not be a more convenient day. Now, we got a room over here. I believe it's prepared, right back. I want to offer a word of prayer for these, then we're going to take them back in the room, these sinners that's repenting. Then we're going to call for those that wants the Holy Ghost, then we're all going back together, back here in the room. Then we'll dismiss the audience; then we'll stay till it's over. Now, you people come here on the conviction that you believe that Jesus is the Son of God, and want Him for your personal Saviour. Jesus said, "If you're ashamed of Me, I'll be ashamed of you before My Father, and the holy Angels at that day. But if you will witness for Me, or stand for Me, I'll stand for you at that day."

L-84 Now, let us bow our heads. Gracious, heavenly Father, we bring to Thee these people tonight, upon confession, coming to the waters of separation, that they might be sprinkled from their--their unclean soul, that they might be 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min washed in the water by the Word, and brought to renewal of Life, walking into the holiest now, to walk into the Shekinah Glory. I pray that You'll be with them, and will help them. Forgive every sin, and as we go into the room, to kneel down there for a word of prayer, I pray, God, that the Holy Spirit will fill each one with the Holy Ghost. And may they just come great, glorious gushes of His Spirit. Make ministers out of these people here. Make workers and helpers in every church. Put their souls afire, knowing that they can't stay much longer. The hour is drawing nigh when the Son of God shall come. May they find a good church home somewhere in these full Gospel churches here, be baptized unto the repentance and remission of their sins, be filled with the Holy Ghost. Grant it, Lord. Hear our prayers as we commit them to Thee. In the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

L-85 Now, the ministers here, will lead you right around the corner, where we'll meet with you just in a moment, right this a way, every one of you, now, just right around. We'll meet with you in there, just in a moment. Come right this a way, right around to the right, you go and follow this minister right here, where we just to meet you again. Right back in here, just in a minute. Yes, brother. For prayer? For sickness. No, it's for salvation now...?... All right. Right around this a way. You... All right. That's right. Come right around, minister brethren, go on out. Now, how many here hasn't received the Holy Ghost and wants to receive the Holy Ghost? Will you come, while we sing one time? How many in the building has not received the Holy Ghost? If Jesus would come tonight, you know you'll have to have the Holy Ghost, "for grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed," the Seal of God.

L-86 People different. People say, "Keep a day, or do a certain thing, or a certain thing's the seal of God." That is not Scriptural. Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption." How many knows that? God's Words says the Seal of God is the Holy Ghost. Now, and then what is the mark of the beast? Is to reject the Holy Ghost, a mark of apostasy. Remember, in the old days when the trumpet, the jubilee year come, and the trumpet sounded, and every slave had a right to go free? But if he didn't choose to go free, he was taken to the temple, and they took a awl and bored a hole in his ear, and he was marked out for the rest of his days. And what is it? On the ear, when God calls you to receive the Holy Ghost, and you refuse It, then God marks your ear to where you'll never want to try it any more. See? Then that's the mark of apostasy. And in the Bible it said, that these last days that there'd be two classes of people: One with the Mark of God, the Seal of God, the other one was the mark of the beast. Is that right? Now, you're wearing one of those marks tonight. If it's a question, lay it up on the platform, I'll get to that subject to you.

L-87 Now, if you haven't received the Holy Ghost, just joined the church, would you come and stand here? This would be the night that many of you, no doubt, would receive the Holy Ghost. Fine ministers and people here, workers, are all organized just as key to work. And we're here...?... you, and surely God has found grace in your sight. Surely, if you could just find grace in His sight. Come on now, He wants you. He wants you to come. All without the Holy Ghost, come now while we sing, "Almost Persuaded." All right, brother here...?... "Almost persuaded" now to be believe; "Almost persuaded" Christ... Now, you want the same Holy Spirit that discerns the heart, the same One was in the Bible doing here, doing the same works. He's here to fill you like He did in the Bible. Will you come? ... invites you here, Angels are lingering near, Prayers rise from hearts so dear, O wanderer, come. Let me sing you a little verse without the music. Nations are breaking, Israel's awakening, The signs that the Bible foretold. The Gentiles days numbered, with horrors encumbered, 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min "Return, O dispersed, to your own." The day of redemption is near, Men's hearts are failing for fear; Be filled with God's Spirit, your lamps trimmed and clear, Look up! your redemption is near. Nations are breaking, (Let's sing it.) Israel awakening, The signs that the Bible foretold; The Gentile days numbered, with horrors encumbered, "Return, O dispersed, to your own." The day of redemption is near, Men's hearts (over the world) are failing for fear; Be filled with the Spirit, your lamps trimmed and clear. Look up, your redemption is near. Oh, don't you want it? Nations are breaking... That's right. Where's your peace talks, your big four, your League of Nations, whatmore? Nations are breaking, Israel's awakening, She become a nation. The first time in five--twenty-five hundred years, the six point star of David is flying. When you see the fig tree putting forth it's buds. Nations are breaking, Israel's awakening, The signs that the Bible foretold, (What happened?) The Gentile days numbered (Oh, brother), with horrors encumbered, "Return O dispersed, to your own." The day of redemption is near, Men's hearts are failing for fear; Be filled with the Spirit, your lamps trimmed and clear. Look up, your redemption is near.

L-88 What is it, friends? When we're going to be changed. The redemption is... Look at the signs. God said, "In the last days..." Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man." The Angel of the Lord in earth, dwelling in human flesh, amongst the people, performing the signs and wonders. Everything ready, nations, the atomic bombs, oh, peace talks, and everything, as they said they would do, Israel awakening, the fig tree putting forth it's buds, oh, we're at the end, friend. And the Gentile days numbered with horrors encumbered. You know what the Bible says about the Gentiles? Oh, my, what's going to happen to those that are cut off? So come if you haven't got the Holy Spirit. "Return O dispersed to your own." Won't you come tonight, and stand for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We're going to pray for these, and lead them into the room. In there we believe that God will fill with the Holy Ghost. Children, you precious people, that's standing here tonight, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled."

L-89 Heavenly Father, we pray this prayer of faith over these people standing here that's hungered and thirsting, giving them Your Word, telling them that You've promised their blessed even to thirst, because they want You, the Word of God said they are blessed. Many people don't even want it. Then they're accursed. Those who want it are blessed, and You said they shall be filled. I'm bringing that to Your remembrance tonight, Lord God. And I know You hear the cries of Your people, and You're here to deliver them, and to bring them out of bondage, and to put them into the freedom of the Holy Spirit. For it's written, "He the Son has made free is free indeed." I pray, Father, that You'll give them the baptism of the Holy Ghost as they go in now to receive it. I commend them to do as the trophies of You stopping me tonight, in my message to make this altar call. Lord, I commend them to Thee to give them the Holy Ghost, in the Name of Jesus Christ. 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min

L-90 Do you believe God answers my prayer? Then go into the room. Follow these ministers some of them here, that'll lead right along this way to this room here. There you will receive the Holy Ghost. Go right in now. Nations are breaking, Israel's awakening, The signs that the Bible foretold; The Gentile days numbered, with horror encumbered, "Return, o dispersed, to your own." Let's together: The day of redemption is near. Men's hearts are failing for fear; Be filled with the Spirit, your lamps trimmed and clear. Look up! your redemption is near. False prophets are lying, God's truth they're denying. Oh, God... We're at the end time folks. We're here; we're arriving. Why did He stop me tonight? Why did He do it? I don't know. Don't think I'm beside myself; I know exactly where I am. But I'm wondering why? Is there a preacher going in there? Is there something? What's the matter? Is somebody's last call? I don't know. Strange, I don't understand it. That's right. I cannot understand it. Just as I was coming to the climax of my message, He stopped and said, "This is the time. This is the time. Speak of My goodness and call." And I did it. Just exactly. The people will feel sure.

L-91 Is everybody in here, got the baptism of the Holy Spirit? Raise your hands. All that has it, raise your hands. That's fine. God bless you. That's wonderful. All right. Is there still sick and afflicted in here, while they're in the room? Raise up your hands? If you want to accept your healing now. I believe He will make every one of you well. Don't you believe it? All right, now let's do as we do each night, lay your hands on one another. If you--if you feel... If you're... Everyone in here raised their hands they had the Holy Ghost. You couldn't have the Holy Ghost without being a believer. If you--if you say you got the Holy Ghost and deny the power of God, you have a form of God and just by denying the power thereof. See? So you're not a child of God; you have an antichrist spirit. The Word of God will say, every time, it's the truth. God's Word... Aren't you glad tonight, that God's promise... Looky here, to you Pentecostal people. The Bible said, "If you all speak with tongues, and there be no interpreter, and one unlearned come among you, and then he will fall..." And God bless you, son. "He will fall down and say to you, and say, 'Why, you're all mad.'" Is that right? "But if there be one prophesy and reveal the secrets of the heart, then they'll say, 'Truly, God is with you.'" Is that right? See what's in the church tonight? God's Spirit moving right back in. Just exactly the way God said it would do.

L-92 Oh, it'll be Light in the evening time, won't it folks? The Light is... I'm so glad that It's the Light, aren't you? We'll walk in the light, beautiful light, Come where the dew drops of mercy are bright; Shine all around us by day and by night, Jesus, the Light of the world. Let's sing it together: We'll walk in the light, this beautiful light, Comes where the dew drops of mercy are bright; Shine all around us by day and by night, Jesus, the Light of the world. All ye saints of the Light proclaim, Jesus, the Light of the world; Then the bells of heaven will ring, Jesus, the Light of the world. Let's raise our hands now, and sing it: We'll walk in this Light, it's such a beautiful light, 60-0802, El-Shaddai, Eisenhower High School, Yakima, WA, 109 min It comes where the dew drops of mercy are bright; Shine all around us by day and by night, Jesus, the Light of the world.

L-93 Now, lay your hands over on one another. Come ye saints, of faith proclaim, Jesus, the Light of the world. You're commissioned, friends, as a believer, to lay hands on the sick. God's commission to see that their---God's promise, rather, is to see that they recover. "These signs shall follow them that believe: If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." Lord God, I tried to obey You to the letter. I'm blessing these handkerchiefs for the sick and the afflicted. Your Spirit is all around through the building, all over the saints, through the saints, in the saints: God with you, through you, over you, and in you. God is here. He's present. We're following, walking in the Light, as He is in the Light. We have fellowship one with another, while the Blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, cleanses us from all unrighteousness. Takes all doubts, and fear, and flusterations away from us, giving us perfect faith and confidence in God. Now, Satan, I'm calling your attention to something. I'm quoting to you the Word of God. Jesus Christ, after His death, burial, and resurrection, and triumph over the grave, death, and hell, over every work that you ever did or every power that you ever had, He stripped you. You're nothing but a bluff, and you're being exposed night after night. You cannot hold these believers any longer. They've got their hands laying on one another; that's God's Word. Jesus said, "It is written. It is written. It is written. It is written: they shall lay hands on the sick. They shall recover." Come out, Satan. I adjure thee by Jesus Christ, the Son of God that you depart from this audience, of these people. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Jehovah-Jireh
