Date: 1961-01-19
Title: Queen Of Sheba
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: American Legion Hall
Location: Beaumont, TX
Duration: 123 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 61-0119E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 I was just a little late tonight. We got tangled up in the cars and couldn't get in. I'm usually late though. Not long ago I was speaking at a United Brethren church, and the minister got up and said, "I want to introduce you to the late Mr. Branham." Well, I was born a little late. I was late for my wedding, about two hours. If I can just be late for my funeral now, it'll be all right. It's one I really want to be late at. We are happy to be here in this lovely city. As we was driving around tonight, coming down here, I was thinking of back several years ago, when we had the meeting here. And I was thinking what a wonderful time the people here showed us, how they were so nice. And the Lord blessed us.

L-2 And Brother Bosworth was with us. He's gone across the sea now on the other side. I went to see him just before leaving. He was, oh, way up...?... a hundred years old. He'd just come back from Africa, where we'd been missionaring together. I said to him, when he was... Rushed into his home, and there laid the little patriarch, laying there dying, "...?... horsemen thereof." I think if there ever was anyone that had the dignity...?... it was F. F. Bosworth. He was a great man of God, one of the early ones. He come here in Texas, and stayed in one city for ten years, establishing seven churches; and with one revival, never stopped, night... all days for ten, straight years, every night somewhere, holding a meeting for... here in Texas. Did you hear how he went? About a hour before he left to cross--to cross the way... He'd been asleep for a while, and he raised up, looked in the room, and said, "Mother." And for one solid hour, or maybe two hours, he shook hands with friends that he had led to Christ, and been gone for fifty years, crossed over the bar on the other side. Went back and laid down his hands; crossed them like that, went to meet God.

L-3 I'll never forget his last words to me. He said, "Hurry, Brother Branham. Get overseas right quick. There's where the fields are open." And he said... I said, "Brother Bosworth, you're not sick?" He said, "Not one bit sick." Said, "It's just coming my time now. I've lived my life." I said, "Of all your long life for Christ, what was your greatest time, Brother Bosworth?" He said, "Right now." And I said, "Do you realize then that you're going?" He said, "Yes, but Brother Branham, all I've lived for for the past sixty years has been for Christ, and most any minute He will come in that door to take me home." That's what I'm...?... Lives of great men all remind us And we can make our lives sublime, With partings leave behind us, Footprints on the sands of time.

L-4 I think of his testimony and I think of Paul Rader, when he went. How many ever knew Paul Rader? Many of you people. He was a great man of God, went in California. I used to set at his feet when I was a little boy. And he and Luke kinda stuck together, like my son and I, Billy. And when he was dying, the Moody Bible Institute of Chicago had sent a quartet down to sing. And they were singing kind of a slow song, "Nearer My God To Thee." And Paul, if you knew him, he always had a sense of humor. He wrote this song, my theme song, "Only Believe." And he had a--he had a sense of humor. He was always cracking something, like Brother Bosworth. So when they were singing, "Nearer My God To Thee," he raised up in the bed, said, "Say, who's dying here, me or you?" He said--he said, "Draw..." said, "Raise up those shades and sing me some real good snappy Gospel songs." And they went to singing, "Down at the cross where my Saviour died..." He said, "That sounds better." He said, "Where's Luke?"

L-5 And Luke didn't want to see his brother die, so he was in the other room. And he said, "He's in the other room." 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min Said, "Tell him to come here." Luke, great big fellow, if you all knew him. He, and Paul, and Billy Sunday, and F. F. Bosworth, and all them were in their days, carried the Gospel in their day. So then, when they... Luke said to Paul, or Paul said, rather, to Luke... He took hold of his hand, and said, "Think of it, Paul or, Luke, we've come a long way together, haven't we?" Said, "Yes, we have Luke... or Paul." Paul said to Luke, "We've come a long ways." He said, "Yes, we have, brother." But said, "Think of it. In five minutes from now I'll be standing in the Presence of Jesus Christ, clothed in His righteousness," squeezed his brother's hand and died. I think it was Balaam said of old, "Let me die like them."

L-6 Oh, we're all happy to be Christians, aren't we? I wonder what we could look to tonight if it wasn't for Christ? What hope would we have? Where could we settle? Where could we base anything for a foundation today outside of Christ? Oh, sinner friend, you in this little auditorium tonight, let me--let me warn you. Flee from the wrath that is to come. There's only one hiding place. I'm glad that God made a city of refuge: Christ Jesus; we can run in and are safe.

L-7 Recently I was in India, Bombay, where we--the Lord let us preach to the greatest crowd... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... thousand blanket natives breaking their idols on the ground, receiving Christ as Saviour. I guess in India it was three times that, but we couldn't count them...?... India's rather a bilingual country. You know it was owned by England, and just recently taken its freedom from bankruptcy, of course, and then... They were bankrupt, and they was given their freedom, rather. Then I picked up a newspaper and was reading in the English column, and it said, "I suppose the earthquake is over now. The birds are all coming back." I'd like to take just a moment to tell you the story. In India they're very poor. I believe the most poverty-stricken place I was ever in in my life was in India. You people just don't realize till you happen to go there once, see little mothers laying on the street, and their little babies with no flesh on their face, little bellies swelled up. They're dying from hunger, begging for something to eat. Ask you to take the baby: let her die, but try to save her baby. If you take this one, what about that one, this one, that one, that one? Just everywhere. It's certainly a pathetic thing, and--and my heart broke to see India. I hope to go back again this fall.

L-8 In the newspaper it said that all the birds had flew away from their coves... In India, they don't have nice fences like you have here in the States, woven wire, and so forth, and fine picket fences. They pick up the stones mostly, and lay the stones together. There's four hundred and seventy million people in India. And honest (I know I'm exaggerating), but I'd guess four hundred million beggars. There's just... They know nothing but beg. They got plenty of natural resources, but not the mentality to develop it. All they know is beg and religion. And I was entertained that afternoon in the temple of the Jains, of seventeen different religions, and every one of them denied Jesus Christ, or Him, or--or God. So you can imagine what they are. They believe, most of them, in reincarnation. They wipe the streets where they go, so they won't step on as much as a little flea, or an ant, that it might be their mother returned back in that form or something. Now, to preach a Blood sacrifice to a people like that...

L-9 But that night when the Holy Ghost came on the scene... A total blind man stood there. I seen a vision he was going to receive his sight. I said, "I challenge every one of you Mohammedans, and all the rest--the Jains, the Sikhs, and Buddhists, and whatmore to come here and give this man his sight." I said, "What's the audience so silent about?" I said, "You can't do it. Neither can I. But the God of heaven, Who raised up Jesus Christ from the dead, has promised these things that we see." And I'd just saw a vision. I wouldn't have said that, if I hadn't saw the vision. "The man's going to receive his sight." I said, "Now, if the Mohammedan prophets are so great, let them come forth and give him sight, and I'll be a Mohammedan." I said, "You thought it was telepathy; I was reading his mind when I told him that he had to have holy men..." Oh, you just have to go there, nearly, to understand it.

L-10 I said they... "This man is blind. He went blind watching the sun. He's a worshipper of the sun. He worshipped the creation instead of the Creator. We know that." And I said, "What would you do if the Sikhs wanted to convert him to 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min their say? or the Jains wanted him to his whatmore? What would they do? Just change his way of thinking. We have the same thing in the United States, only one God." I said, "All the Methodists want to make all the Baptists, Methodists; the Baptists wants to make all the Presbyterian, Baptists; the Pentecostal wants to take the whole thing. So there you are. What is it? Changing your way of thinking. But there's got to be something that's right and something wrong." I held the Koran in one hand, the Bible in the other, and I said, "One of them's right, and one's wrong. They both can't be right, 'cause they're two different, one from the other." And I said, "But if Jesus Christ, Who has showed me a vision that He's going to receive his sight... If he receives his sight, how many of you people now, seeing that your priest, or no one else here, can give him his sight, and the man says he will serve the God that gives him his sight... Now, if Jesus Christ will restore his sight, how many of you will receive Jesus Christ for your Saviour?"

L-11 Just as far as you could see, them black hands in the air; it was estimated five hundred thousand people. So... And when that man received his sight, he grabbed me around the waist. Now, the mayor of Bombay (I did have his name tucked a long time in my pocket), he was setting right there. And, why, they had a militia. They tore my shoes off, my pockets out of my coat. They'd have twenty or thirty people, and them guards trying to hold them back. And them little women would run over the top of them guards, just to merely get close to where you was at, touch you, let the baby get near you, or something. Think and them hungering and thirsting for God like that, and you almost have to hire people in the United States to come hear the Gospel, or go to church on Wednesday night. That's... It's pitiful.

L-12 To finish my story, the little birds go to these nests, make their nests in these rocks. And also the cattle and sheep come in out of the fields, and stand in the afternoon around the shade of these walls, to keep out of the hot direct rays of that tropical sun. And all of a sudden them birds flew away from their home and went out in the fields, in the trees and bushes. The cattle moved out from around the fences. The sheep went out in the field and stood leaning against one another. Something was fixing to happen. All of a sudden, there came an earthquake shook all the walls down. If the little birds had stayed in their nests, they'd have been killed. If the cattle and sheep would've stayed around those walls, they'd have been killed. They stayed out there for two days 'cause there was constantly earthquakes coming, small and large. Then after while, the cattle and sheep returned back again. The birds flew back to what homes they had left in the nest in the rocks and so forth. And the paper said, "That's a sign that the earthquakes are over."

L-13 Now, look. God that led the birds and the sheep and the cattle into the ark is the same God that can lead them today. He did it. And if a bird, a animal, by instinct knows how to get away from the big towers of Babel that's fixing to fall, how much more ought borned again men and women to know how to flee out, lean against one another. If there ever was a time we ought to lean on one another, is right now. Come together, all of us together, and stay together; for the great towers of this great world-made system is going to pass away, that a issuing-in of a Kingdom that has no end, the millennium will begin one of these days. Upon this, let's approach the Word now, and before that, let us bow our heads for prayer. I wonder, just before we pray, if there would be present any man or woman outside of Christ, would like to be remembered in this prayer? Would you raise your hand? Just say, "Remember me, Brother Branham." God bless you, your sincerity, wonderful. May God hear. God bless you. A dozen or more hands... God bless you, lady, that's... Way back in the back... God sees your hands. Certainly He does. God bless you, sir.

L-14 Our heavenly Father, we come approaching Thy throne of justice. And if we would get justice, we'd be just simply wiped from the face of the earth. But we're coming under the Blood of Jesus; for He said in His Own Words, "If you ask the Father anything in My Name I'll do it." And we're coming in the Name of the Lord Jesus, not asking for justice, Lord, but we're asking for mercy. Just a story, Father, in that newspaper clipping that we have there, that those little birds flew away, got away... Oh, the same God that could bring them into the ark and--before the antediluvian destruction is the same God today, can pull His birds and His animals away from danger. Surely, Lord, You can warn us to flee from the wrath that is to come. 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min For the nations have sinned and turned against God. They've rebelled in their hearts. And soon we realize that there'll be an atomic explosion universally, that'll shake this world into a tomorrow, or eternity. Then some beautiful morning, the Lord Jesus and His Church will return to the earth. Oh, for that day, God, that's what our hearts are longing for, when the old will be young there forever. There'll be no more old people, and no more infant of days. They'll just be in that great splendor of youth forever. We thank Thee for this great truth, Lord. Though it seems far away for us now, but yet, it may not be until tomorrow till we see it.

L-15 I pray, Father, for these who raised up their hands reverently and gallantly tonight, that they wanted to receive You as their Saviour, wanted to be remembered in prayer. God, there's not a person in the world that's sufficient to lead such people. I realize that it's Your Spirit doing that. You said, "No man can come to Me except the Father has drawed him, and all that the Father has given Me will come." Father, I pray that You'll save them tonight. May something be said or done in such a way that they'll receive You as their Saviour and be filled with Your Holy Spirit. For we realize that those that are sealed... The plagues has been commissioned not to come near any of those who has the seal of God in their forehead. Grant it, Lord. Save the savable tonight. Fill with the Holy Spirit those who are waiting for it, and heal all the sick and the afflicted. Bless the saints, Lord. Give them a new courage. May they buckle up the armor a little stronger. Bless every church, every denomination. God, we pray that Your arms of mercy will reach out unto them, and a revival will break in every church through this community here; and there'll be a coming together like a rushing wind. Grant it, Father. Send a revival to these wonderful people here who love You. I pray that You forgive us of our shortcomings and sins. Now, Father, hide the speaker tonight in the Blood of the Lord Jesus, for we ask it in His Name. Amen.

L-16 In the Gospel writings tonight, in the Book of Saint Matthew the 12th chapter and the 42nd verse, we wish to take a text there for a little context, the Lord willing. Just this morning I had to kindy, what I call, speak for Brother Moore. Brother Moore had to go back home, for he's bringing his wife and them down in the morning. And we're waiting for him to come. Brother Moore's a great soul for God, a great man of God. I've knowed him since I was just a--well, started in the ministry fourteen years ago in evangelistic service. He's been many places over the world. I found him (He isn't here tonight, so I can say this.) a real true blue Christian, a real man of God, Brother Moore: got a wonderful church up there at Shreveport. The Lord bless him. Now, in Saint Matthew 12:42... And the queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation, and shall condemn it: for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; and, behold, a greater than Solomon is here.

L-17 Jesus had been upbraiding the people and--because that they had misunderstood His message. And they was trying to make it out something that it wasn't. He had been in their cities, and had been performing miracles, and showing His Messiahic sign to the people, as we talked of last night. And we find that those who were ordained to Life saw it. Those who were not ordained to Life did not see it. The Gospel blinds those who are--are not willing to accept it, and it'll give sight to those who are willing to accept it. And that's the way it was in His days, when the Scripture plainly stated exactly the things that He did, and said He would do it, and how they missed it, it showed that they had to be blinded. And to think of it, them poor Jews were blinded that our eyes might have a chance to be opened. And now, the same Gospel that blinded the Jews is blinding the church: same thing, promised exactly. And it goes a million miles over their heads. I'm glad you're recording that.

L-18 I know that's THUS SAITH THE LORD, that the--the Gospel... The same Gospel that blinded the Jews is now blinding the Gentiles, because it is the same Gospel, for there's no other Gospel but the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. We have many creeds, but there's one Gospel. What is the Gospel? The Gospel came not in word only, but through power and demonstration, manifestations of the Holy Spirit, God making His Word come to pass. It had to be that, for in Mark 16 He said, "Go into all the world and preach the Gospel. These signs shall follow..." Or otherwise, "Go into all the world, and demonstrate the power of the resurrection." He's not dead, but He's alive. And He's depending on you 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min and I to let Him work through us to will His will. And if anything we ever approach that's not Scripture, you're duty bound to come tell us about it. It must come from the Bible through the Bible. It must cope with the rest of the Scriptures and be right. If it isn't, then we--we're ready to say that it's wrong. And if an angel or--from heaven, or anything else, would come preach anything else that's not in this Bible, don't you listen to it. This is God's Word, and God's Word only. And we know that it is true.

L-19 Now, we find that Jesus had thoroughly--and convinced every believer that believed on Him. As He said, "My sheep hear My voice. A stranger they will not follow." And we found last night, in giving what God said He would be when He come--what the prophet spoke of--that He would be a God prophet. "The Lord your God shall rise up a prophet liken unto me." And they knowed the Messiah would be--the sign of the Messiah would be the prophet.

L-20 Here some time ago, speaking to a rabbi, where a man, John Rhyn, had been blind for twenty years, received his sight--begging on the streets in Fort Wayne. This rabbi called me in and said, "By what authority did you open John's eyes?" I said, "I never opened his eyes." Said, "Well, how did you do it?" I said, "In the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God." And he said, "Far be it from God having a son. How could a Spirit have a son?" I said, "Rabbi," I said, "I'd like to ask you something. Would you believe the prophets? It wouldn't be hard for you to believe the prophets?" He said, "Sure, I believe the prophets." I said, "Who did Isaiah speak of in 9:6 when he said, 'Unto us a Child is born, a Son is given?'" "Well," he said, "that was the Messiah." I said, "What relationship is Messiah to God?" He said, "He is God, the anointed One." I said, "Tell me one place that Jesus ever failed to--but what He showed that He was the anointed Messiah, the Lord, your God?"

L-21 And he said, "Well, he was a thief." Said, "How was He a thief? " Said, "He stole corn right out of the cornfield." I said, "Rabbi, your own law said that a man can pass through a cornfield and eat what he wants to; but he can't take out any in a bag." He didn't even know that, being a rabbi. He can't take any out, but...?..." I said, "He didn't steal." You know, that rabbi stood there for a few minutes. And I said, "Rabbi, don't you believe that He was that?" He said, "Look, sir," said, "if I preached that, I'd be down there in the street begging." I said, "I'd rather be down there begging and drinking branch water, than eating chicken three times a day, and my name in gold on this temple here, and know I was in error. I'd rather he truthful." And he started to cry. And he turned around, and he said, "I'll see you later." I said, "You're not honest with me, rabbi."

L-22 He said, "I believe if them temple priests would have listened to Him, we'd been better off today." And I said, "Then you believe... What about it?" He said, "I believe He was a good man." I said, "Rabbi, do you believe He was a good man?" Said, "I'll go farther than that with you. I believe He was a prophet." I said, "That's all I want you to say. Then He said He was the Son of God. And then, if He was a prophet, He can't lie. So therefore, you believe He was the prophet, the Son of God; He showed the sign of Messiah." And he wouldn't talk to me no more, and he went in the place. Oh, brother. What that love of money will do. What a love of some ecclesiastical form will do. But what the love of God will do then, to a heart that's willing to surrender to the will and ways of God. 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min

L-23 Jesus had proved to them... Said, "If I do not the works of My Father, then don't believe Me. But if do the works..." Said, "You listen to the works then, if you can't believe Me." They said, "Him, being a man, makes hisself God." Said, "If I do the works of God, then what you got to say about them?" in otherwise. Now, we find that He did those things, those signs and wonders before them. And many of them... The Gentiles did not see them because they knowed nothing about a coming Messiah. But the Jews and the Samaritans seen that Messiahic sign. And as soon as they saw it, they said, "Rabbi, Thou art the Son of God; Thou art the King of Israel." The woman at the well said, "We know that Messiah cometh and will do these things, but You must be his prophet." Jesus said, "I am He." Oh, there never was a man could say that but Him. Never can be no more because He was the only One. That's right.

L-24 Now, and they failed to see it. And when they did see it, they made fun of it and said that He was doing that through an evil spirit, that it was Beelzebub. Other words, Beelzebub is a devil; in other words, the power of the devil, He was a fortuneteller. And they claimed to be a fortuneteller because He could perceive the thoughts in their minds, and tell them, "Why reason ye in your heart? I saw you when you were under the tree. Your name is Simon; your father's name is Jonas." "Why," they--they said, "he's a fortuneteller." And Jesus said, "I'll forgive you for saying that, but someday the Holy Ghost is coming. And to speak against That will not be forgiven in this world, neither in the world that is to come." So the seriousness that we face in this day at the end time... Speaking of the end-time, the sign that was given to Lot in his days would appear again in the last day, and Jesus standing there at that time performing it... And they said... Speaking about the days gone by and He upbraided the cities, and told them of their unbelief, and the hardness of their hearts. And then finally He begin to speak to them about God.

L-25 And God in all ages and all times has always had signs and wonders among His people. Not any time or any age... I want any historian to go with me back even to the Nicene Council, or even the Pre-Nicene Council in the history, and find out if any--any time down through Luther, Martin, John Smith, Moody, Sankey, Calvin, Knox, Spurgeon... Any time that they ever had a real pouring out of revival, they had the power of God manifested among them by signs, wonders, speaking in tongues, demonstrations, Divine healing, and so forth. Not one time... And every time they started a revival, someone raised up and started an organization behind it, and it died, and never did come back again. Search the Scriptures, search the history, and find out if every time they ever organized the Christian religion, it died right there and never rose again. It can't. God's either going to lead the church, or the Holy--Holy Ghost is going to lead it, or man's going to lead it. If you choose man, go ahead. God pulls His church right out. Pillar of Fire moves on, and the church moves with It.

L-26 He has individuals in every church, all different kinds of churches. If a man is a Catholic, and he's depending on the Catholic church for salvation, that man's lost. But if he's a Catholic, and depending on Jesus Christ for salvation... By faith are you saved, and that by the grace of God. Whether he's Baptist, Pentecostal, whatever he is, it's our faith, our personal faith in the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus Christ our Saviour. Never draw no boundary lines for organizations. We believe all people are--have the right to be a Christian. "Whosoever will, let him come." No matter what color, creed, what he is, if he's a believer on the Lord Jesus Christ and accepted Him as personal Saviour, he's saved by faith. That's the grace of God that called him.

L-27 Now, we find out that all through the ages God's always had signs and wonders with His people--through all ages, every age. And we go back... Jesus was referring back to them when He seen that they wouldn't believe Him as the Messiah. And He begin to refer back to ages beyond. He said, "Verily, I say unto you that Jonah..." In the days of Jonah... They'd asked Him for a sign. They said, "Show us a sign." You see, no matter how many things taken place, they didn't see it. That's the same thing today. Why, people set right one by the side of the other one like that, and one can see the power and glory of God, and the other sees nothing. Why, like Paul, the Pillar of Fire, It was... He could see It all right, 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min but them standing by him couldn't see It. The wise men saw the star. Nobody else saw it--come right over the observatories and everything else, because they wasn't looking for it. You've got to be looking for something. You've got to come with expectation, led of the Holy Spirit. Then God will reveal Himself to you. Now, we find out that they said "We'd seek a sign from you." And He said, "A wicked and adulterous generation seeks after signs and there'll be no sign given it, but the sign of Jonah."

L-28 Say, I might stop here just a moment, before I get down... We'll try not to keep you too long. I overdone it last night. It was a remarkable thing: I preached a sermon this morning in twenty minutes. Ministers, that's just really good. Usually takes me about three hours to get through one. But some people can preach and say more maybe in fifteen minutes than I could in three hours. I'm--I'm a southerner. I'm slow, and I just can't think of it too fast. I have to wait on Him to tell me and then I say it. So I never went to any schools or seminaries, so I just have to wait on Him, just say it when He says it, just come after Him. But I'm pretty sure I'm right if I wait on Him. You just suffer a little while with me.

L-29 So then, we find out that the days of Jonah... Now, a lot of people make fun of Jonah, saying, "He was a Jonah." Why, Jonah was no bad fellow. Jonah was a prophet, and he couldn't have got out of the will of God like that. It was all by the will of God. He never took the wrong ship. He took the right ship. Did you ever read the history of Jonah? It's wonderful. You know, I always felt sorry for him down in the belly of that whale. He had his hands tied, and his feet tied, and in the stormy sea, and throwed out, and the whale swallowed him. And when the whale... A fish feeds; then, when it gets through feeding, it goes down to the bottom and rests itself on the bottom. Feed your little goldfish and watch them. They'll go down, put their little swimmers on the bottom, after they get the belly full, and--and rest awhile.

L-30 Well, this whale had filled up on this prophet, and went down to the bottom of the sea. And he was laying there with his hands tied, his feet tied, and in the vomit of the whale, in its belly, probably twenty fathoms deep, and--the bottom of the sea, and a stormy sea on top. And laying there, everywhere he looked it was a whale's belly. He looked forward, is was whale's belly; backward was whale's belly, everywhere around. Talk about symptoms, he had them, a bad case. But you know what I like about Jonah? He refused to see any of it. He said, "Once again will I look towards Thy holy temple. These things are lying vanities. I look towards Thy holy temple because when Solomon dedicated the temple he prayed and said, 'If Thy people be in trouble any time, and look towards this holy place, then hear from heaven.'" And you know, down in that whale's belly Jonah still remembered that that prayer was sufficient. And he said, "Once more will I look towards Thy holy temple." And God made that whale take him just exactly where God wanted him to go. And if Jonah under those circumstances (There's nobody here that bad off. Surely not.), under those circumstances could look towards a temple that was built by the hands of man, and the prayer of a man that was a mortal (later backslid) and could believe that God heard his prayer--and God answered it in such a way to deliver him under such circumstance--how much more ought we, tonight, to look away from our symptoms to the throne of God, where Jesus sits with His Own Bloody clothes, the Son of the great Majesty on high to make intercession?

L-31 Refuse to look at your sickness. Refuse to see anything contrary to the Word. Be like Abraham of old. When he was seventy-five years old, Sarah was sixty-five; and God told him he was going to have a baby by Sarah; he believed it. Twenty-five years never changed him a bit. He staggered not at the promise of God by unbelief. I can hear him say after the first thirty days... He'd lived with her since she was a child, or young woman--his half sister--and she was sterile. So was he. And he said... And she was past the age of bearing, past the age of menopause. She was sixty-five years old; he was seventy-five. And I imagine after about so many days he said, "How you feeling, Honey?" "No different." 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min "Praise God! We're going to have it anyhow. Go on downtown. Buy you a bunch of little pink booties, and some birdeye, and some pins. Get ready. We're going to have it anyhow." Why they thought he was crazy. And they'll think you're crazy, as long as you take God at His Word and deny anything contrary to it.

L-32 He knowed God was able to keep that which He had performed. And we're supposed to be children of Abraham. We're children of Abraham if we have the faith of Abraham. Everything else but God's Word is a lie. Look what God said. We look at the unseen. You look what your mortal eyes don't see. You don't see with your eyes anyhow. You only look with your eyes; you see with your heart. You look right at it, say, "I don't see it"; you mean you don't understand it. Your seeing is your understanding, so you understand with your heart.

L-33 Now, Jonah, in all that condition, God honored his prayer. There's one thing about it: A true child of God, you can't hide him from prayer. They tried to scald it out of John. And they put him on the Isle of Patmos after they'd boiled him in grease for twenty-four hours. You couldn't boil it out of him. They tried to scare it out with some lions, out of Daniel. They just couldn't do it. Tried to burn it out with fire with the Hebrew children. Just couldn't do it. Well, you can't burn the Holy Ghost out. It's fire itself. Fire fights fire. And when a man is really filled with God's Spirit, the Holy Ghost, you can't burn it out, scare it out, run it out. It's there to stay.

L-34 Now, notice. Now, we always thought Jonah got out of the will of God. He did not. Nineveh was a big city, full of sin, backslidden. Just about like, almost the size of St. Louis, great city. Many thousands of people there that went off in sin, begin to worship idols. And now, their main idol, their main god of the sea... Their occupation was fishing, and the main god of the sea was the whale. And when this whale come right in amongst the fishermen, licked out his tongue for a gangplank, and the prophet walked right out of the whale's mouth, sure, they're going to believe it. God delivered His prophet right out to them. God knows how to do things. Might sound silly, but that's what He did.

L-35 Now, notice. A long ways around getting to the point, but notice. Jesus said... Catch this now; here it comes. Let your heart open. Jesus said, "A wicked and an adulterous generation seeketh after a sign." Now, He couldn't have been talking to them because He wasn't dead yet. But said there will be given them a sign. The sign: "As Jonas was in the belly of the whale for three days and nights, so must the Son of man be in the heart of the earth three days and nights." Otherwise, what kind of a sign would a wicked and adulterous generation find, have give to them? Now, you can talk about all the signs you want to, here's a sign that He said: that a wicked and an adulterous generation... And this is it. Sodomites is spreading the earth. Doubt, unbelief, isms, all kinds of things spreading the earth. It's a wicked and an adulterous generation. But He said they will receive the sign of the resurrection. Hallelujah. What? Jesus Christ alive among us, walking in our midst. He's not dead. "The works that I do shall you also. A little while and the world seeth Me no more; yet ye shall see Me, for I will be with you." 'I' is a personal pronoun. "I'll be with you (not somebody else), but I will..."

L-36 "I'll be with..." Who? The believers. "The world won't see Me, but ye shall see Me, for I'll be with you." How? "In you." How far? Till the apostles' generation? "Until the end of the world: Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." The end of the consummation... The great prophet Elijah to appear on the scene, a woman hater, wilderness man with a message that's to turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers. Remember, He had a compound coming. Remember Malachi 4. Malachi 3 spoke of John the Baptist coming, as Jesus referred to; why the prophets say, "My messenger." But remember, the Malachi, that's coming in Malachi 4, watch the last verse of it. We know that wasn't John, because He said He'd burn the earth with a heat, and the righteous would walk out upon the ashes of the wicked. So it never happened when John came, but that Elijah is prophesied again today. Notice, the first Elijah was to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, the old orthodox to the new message was going on that he was giving. And then... "And (is a conjunction to tie the verse together) the hearts of the children back to the fathers..." And then the message of John in the last days (or the message of Elijah, the Spirit that'll be in the church) will be--take the hearts of the people that's fallen away from the Pentecostal fathers, and turn their hearts back to the original Message of Pentecost again, as it started. The messenger of the covenant, the seventh star of the day, we're living in 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min that day.

L-37 Notice this generation, wicked and adulterous generation, will seek after a sign, and they will get it. What kind of a sign? The sign of the resurrection. He is not dead, but He's alive. Our religion is not a history; it's a living fact. It's a living God. It's a living experience. As it was in the days of Jonas... Now, as He went along, He give another expression. He said, "And as it was in the days of Solomon..." Back in the days of Solomon... When God sends a gift to the earth, if the people receive it, it becomes a golden age to them. If they reject it, it becomes a chaos to them. Look what happened when Jesus was God's message to the people, and they rejected it. Look what happened to the people that rejected it. In the days of Solomon, Solomon was... Solomon's reign, any minister knows that was a golden age for Israel, the greatest age. They built the temple. They had no wars to amount to anything, and they had a power of God among them. Oh, that gift was so great, till all the nations around about fear them. Listen, brother, what we need today... We don't need atomic shelters. What we need is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Nations will fear. If this whole United States that claims to be a Christian will fall under the power of God, there'll be so many things happen here till every nation will be afraid to turn an atomic bomb loose. Right. He is our Refuge. He is our Strength, our Shield, our Buckler, our All in all.

L-38 Now, we notice then that He said, "As it was in the days of Solomon, the queen of the south come from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon." Now, in the days of Solomon all the people were with one accord. They all come in and rallied around a gift. Solomon had a gift. Did you know that? Solomon had a gift of discernment, and he had a... He could discern things: showed it come from God. Well, all the nations come around, and go in--in the temple, and hear this great man, Solomon, watch his wisdom and know he was just a man; they knowed that had to come from God. And, oh, how everybody talked about it. Every Israelite could stick his chest out, say, "We don't serve a dead God. We serve One that's alive. We can prove it to you. Come down to the meeting tonight and find out whether it's right or not." Amen. I like that. You know where you're standing then. Come down and see if it's right or not. "Come on into our country over here. See if the living God can come into a man and make him a superman almost." Amen. That's what He does with every borned again Christian--a superman, a super woman, super child, turns his back on sin and the things of the world, and walks with peace with God. Super sign, He said He'd give a super sign.

L-39 Now, notice. All the people rallied around it. Wouldn't it be wonderful tonight if all America, all of we Americans would forget our denominational differences, and we'd all rally around the gift that God give us, the Holy Ghost? Every church and every person would rally around that, why, the... It'd be the talk of the world everywhere. But oh, no. "If it's our denomination, it's all right. But if our denomination, it ain't with us, nope, nothing to it." Oh, how carnal. No wonder God can't do nothing for us. When those conditions... He ain't got nothing to build on. Notice, He will never build upon our organizations. Just get that out of your minds. He will build upon Christ Jesus with each individual that'll come and receive Him out of any organization, a true honest heart. And one's just as good as the other when it comes to that, 'cause it's all organization. Which is all right. That's perfectly all right. But whenever you place...

L-40 Somebody told me not long ago, said, "Brother Branham, you know what happened? This great organization is talking about, that's always sponsored you--you know what they did? They ousted you. They won't have nothing to do with you no more." Said, "They drove down their stake." And said, "Nobody receive Brother Branham any more. " I said, "Well, I drove mine down too, and went way out a past them, and took them in." That's just all of it. That's all. I take them in, because a lot of God's children's in there, and that's right. The message is to God's children, not to any certain organization, but to God's children. They put me out, I'll take them in by spreading mine a little wider and just take it in. That's all. So we must love one another, keep the roots of bitterness out of us. Then God can go to working through us. But till we get that, then we're--we're--we're just fighting the wind. True. We got to love one another. Jesus said, "By this all men will know you're My disciples." Right or wrong, love anyhow. 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min

L-41 Now, we find out then, that--that in the days of Solomon everybody was with one accord. And everyone coming through... They didn't have televisions then, thank the Lord, but they had--but they had... They... Only way they could take a word was from lip to ear. And everybody passing through would go in and see these great meetings, and go down, and tell their country. And you know, Jesus said, "The queen of the south (which was at Sheba) come from the utmost parts of the earth." That was the utmost parts of the known earth at that time. Now, if you'll notice, it's a long distance down there across the Sahara. Now, people coming and going, the caravans of the camel caravans, and the way they had of transportation, people would come in. And after while, the caravans going through her country, this little queen down there... She was probably a pagan, heathen.

L-42 And everybody come through from up around Palestine, they was always saying, "Oh, you should see what's going on in Palestine. My, their God is a living God. Why, He's anointed one up there, and they've even made him king. And wisdom of discernment, you never seen such. It couldn't be a human being doing that. We looked at the man; we shook hands with him. He's a man; he wore clothes. He's just a man. But God has chose him, and he--he does things that's superhuman. So we know it has to come from God. And he gives all the glory to Jehovah, their God. You should come, see it." Oh, you know, faith cometh by hearing, hearing about God. Well, the little queen's heart begin to throb. "You know, I'd like to see that. I--I--I..." You know, you hear testimonies. Now, what if she had turned her little painted face up, said, "Hmph, if there's anything going on like that, it'd go down here to my church. It wouldn't be up there." All right. The story would never been written. Jesus would've never referred to her. She would have been a modern Jezebel.

L-43 And so then we find out that the little lady begin to hunger and thirst. Faith had caught a hold, and she begin to thirst after God. And Jesus said, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst." Just to even thirst, you're blessed--just to thirst, whether you get anything or not, just to thirst. You say, "Well, I have never got nothing." Blessed are ye anyhow. You're thirsting for it anyhow. "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness..." But He never left you standing like that. He said, "for they shall be filled." That just does me so good. "They shall be filled." When the deep goes to calling to the deep, there's got to be a deep to respond to that call. Before there can be a creation, there has to be a Creator to create that creation. That's all there is to it. Hunger and thirsting for God...

L-44 Then we find the little queen all disturbed. Now, what usually happens? Now, she had gods. She had a church, and a pastor, and probably was a pagan priest somewhere. But now the real thing to do was go... She took a notion that she wanted to go see if it was true. I like that. I admire that in the queen. Bless her little heart. I'll see her in the resurrection. And she--she wanted to find out whether it was true or not. Now, she had more audacity than many people around here, and other parts of the country does. They hear about something like that, "Aw, nonsense." See? But she wanted to find out. So she said, "I believe I'll go up." Now, in order to go up, she said, "The next thing I got to do, I've got to get permission from my church," like usually a good church member does. So they went down to her pagan priest, and she said, "Sir, holy father," or ever what he called him and... "I tell you that I hear news that there's a revival going on up in Palestine." "Oh, I've heard that nonsense ever since I was a kid."

L-45 You know, the devil takes his man, but never the spirit. It--it still lives on. God takes His, but never the Spirit too. Thank God for that. The spirits battle right on through tabernacles of flesh to the end time.

L-46 "Oh, I've heard that--that stuff. You don't believe that. Now, let me tell you something, my daughter. You must remember, you have great prestige. You're the--you're the charter member of our church here. Your mammy belonged to this church. Your grandmammy belonged to it. We all come here. Why, your great-great-grandmammy come here. And you wouldn't be caught with a bunch of holy... or, you know, people like that. You wouldn't go up there in such as that. It would be a disgrace for you to be caught in a crowd like that." 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min But you know, when God goes to dealing with a human heart, no matter how big they are, He lets them see how little they can get. You see? She said, "But, sir, you know I... There's something in me that... I--I want to go see it." "Well, I shall not give you permission. I'm going to make it strong. I know you're the queen, but I'm the priest. And you'll bring disgrace upon your papa and mama, and upon this holy temple, if you'd be caught with such a group as that. Well, look what they are. Why, they're renegades. There's nothing to them. You shouldn't go up and fool around with such a group as that. If there was such a thing as a living God... Look at the gods we got here." That's what's the trouble today: got too many gods.

L-47 So they said... She said, "But look, let me tell you something. I... My grandmama went here, you said. My grandpapa went here, and my mama went here. And I've went here, and I've heard all your creeds all my life. They heard it all their life. And we haven't seen one mutter or anything out of them. They're dead. But they tell me that there's One living up there. That's the One I want to find out. "If your creed is right," she might've said, "why don't we see something about your god that you're talking about? You said he was, or did he die? What happened to him? We never have seen him. Grandmama never saw it, and her mama never saw it, and her mama never saw it. When was he god?" I like that. Make it real. "When was he?" Well, she might... Or he might've said this, "Now, my daughter, you're going to go off on the wrong end. You're at the deep end. You're going to go in fanaticism." But she said, "Sir, I want you to know this. I don't care what the price is, and what you say, I'm going anyhow." I like that. No wonder Jesus said she'll condemn this generation at the resurrection. "I'm going anyhow." "We will excommunicate you. Don't you come back here no..." "If it's right, don't worry, I won't be back anyhow. I won't go back anyhow. I'm going to find out whether it's right first."

L-48 I can see her now. She's thought it over. Now, she had a lot of things to hinder her. Any person that comes to Christ, don't you worry, the devil's going to give you plenty to hinder you. He don't want you to get there. You're going to go through some obstacles to get there. The first thing you know, why, I can imagine she went back up through the palace. She set down; she studied it. I can hear her say, "Now, I've read all the scrolls that I could find on that ancient God of theirs back there, that Israel's God, Jehovah they talk about. I've got their scrolls here in our library, and the priest used them to criticize Him. But if that Jehovah is doing that to a man, that means that Jehovah is a living Spirit that's in a living person. He's interested in a living being. He ain't some idol or some marble statue. He is a living Person. So therefore, we're going... I'm going to go up to see him." Now, she says this: "Now, the first thing I'm going to do, I'm going up first to draw my own opinion about it. I'm not going to take somebody else's word, for they're criticizing: one saying this, and one saying that. Now, let me go and find out for myself." I like that. I like that. "Let me go and see for myself whether it's right or not. Let me look it over. I'll--I'll compare it with these scrolls that I read. If the Spirit that's on that man compares with the scrolls on here, I'm going to say Jehovah's with him then, and He's a real God. But if it just... Jehovah says one thing and it don't come to pass, and these things are not right, then they're no more than our idols here. So I'll go up and find out for myself."

L-49 Now, she said, "Wait a minute. I've been a great tithe payer around here, so..." (Now, I'm not plugging for ministers and so forth.) But she said, "If it's so--if it's so, I'm going to support it. I'm going to take some gold, and frankincense, and silver. If it's right, it's worth supporting. If it isn't right, then I'll bring my money back." She ought to come and preach to the Americans sometimes: support things that laugh at you, and call you a holy-roller; and yet you support it. That's right. But there you are. She said, "I'll find out for myself. And if it's right, it's worth everything that I could do to support it." And that's the truth. It's worth... not more... Not ten percent of your money, it's worth your whole life. It's worth all the things of the world to you, if it's right. It's that Pearl of great price. If God still lives... If Jesus Christ is the Son of God living today, and living tonight, He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, then it's worth every bit of our time, our talent, our everything. We should sell out to everything, say 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min good-bye to everything, and serve It. If it ain't, well, let's just go join something and go ahead, and get with a good crowd, and live a pretty decent life and go on. But if it's right, let's--let's get with it. So that's what she thought.

L-50 So she loaded up the camels with gold and frankincense. Then the thought come... You know, Ishmael's children was in the desert in them days, and they were robbers. And they were really fleet men too, real fleet riders, murderers, out there in the desert. And she had--she had a long ways to go. Now, she started off with her little maidens and her eunuchs, little handful of them to cross the Sahara desert. Now, brother, I have respects for that woman. She didn't... You know, something about it: if you--God's really speaking to your heart, you don't notice fear. If--if God spoke to your heart and told you He's going to heal you tonight, you don't care what the doctor says is wrong with you. It just takes--it just takes all the fear out of it somehow. She didn't care. She was going up to see if it was right or not. So she started across the Sahara Desert. Now, look what that little woman... She probably had to travel by night. Them direct rays of the Sahara Desert... And remember, she... it taken her...

L-51 You know how long it takes to get across there on camels? Ninety days--three months. She crossed that desert not in a air-conditioned Cadillac, some air-conditioned coach; like some people lives here around this United States, they wouldn't go across the street to see it. But she crossed the desert, ninety days on a camel, with the danger of everything there was. Not looking for nothing, but her little heart was beating to find out whether that really was a living God or not. She took for it. No wonder she'll rise in the generation, in this generation and condemn it. She came from the utmost parts of the earth--world, under the utmost conditions against her, to come and find out whether it was the truth or not. Nowadays instead of coming to find out, they'll come in church, maybe set down. "I'll set just a minute. (Some good neighbor asked them to come.) I'll sit. If he don't say the things that I like, I'll get right up and go out." Oh, you miserable hypocrite. Oh, yes. I don't mean to hurt you, but I--I--I... It's better to scorch you a little than have you burn. So that's--that's--that's true. I don't mean to hurt you. I don't mean to do that. I love you too much. But I'm just trying to make a point to you. See? Oh, my. It's so miserable to live like that. I'd hate to live like that.

L-52 And then, there she come and across the desert. She had all that difficult. And she had ninety days to travel, maybe travel at night, because it was so hot she couldn't travel in the daytime. And all those robbers; with all that money, and everything. And the only thing she did was one objective: that was to find out whether there was a living God or not, whether that truly was a living God or not. Why ain't the people that honest today? Why don't they find out? This Jesus that we all talk about, and have creeds about, and all kinds of creeds and things, let's... Is He living? Where is He? What happened to Him? The Bible said, "He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. The works that I do shall you also." Where's it at? When He comes to the city, why--why, people laugh at it, make fun of it. Newspapers send out a foul report about it. Oh, brother, no wonder there's a bomb hanging in the shelters yonder for us. That's right. But not for the Church, remember, it'll be gone. In a moment, in a twinkling of an eye she'll be changed and caught up. Across the desert she came. Finally she arrived at the temple gate. Now, she never come just to sit down just a few minutes, and say, "I'll see now. I'm going in. If he don't talk just like my pastor, I'll just pick up mine and go right back." See? No. She come to stay till she was convinced. She built a camp and just stayed right there in the court. I like that. "I'll just stay to the end of the revival. I'll search out all the Scriptures, and see if it's right or not. I'll just not take my first conception of it; I'll just go in and find out. I know what Jehovah's supposed to be. I know what His promises is. I know He's the discerner of the thoughts of the mind. I know all these things; the Word of God's quicker, sharper, powerful than my two-edged sword, piercing even to the sunder of the marrow of the bone, and a discerner..."

L-53 The Word, the Word's God. "In the beginning was the Word. The Word was made flesh and dwelled among us." He was God, and the Word, the Word, Christ, in you--a discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart. Oh, sleeping church, rise. Ministers, shake yourselves. The hour is here. Flee from these towers of Babel to the cross. It'll fall one of these days. "Every plant that My heavenly Father hasn't planted will be rooted up. But upon this rock I'll 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min build My church, and the gates of hell can't shake it down." Exactly I'm so glad. A spiritual revelation--the whole Church is built on revelation, upon this rock. The Protestant says He built it upon Christ. The Catholic said, "Built upon Peter..." Both wrong. He built it upon Peter's revelation of Who He was. The great main revelation always is Who Jesus Christ is. The Book of Revelation, which is the revelation of Jesus Christ, opens with that very thing, to show the supreme Deity of Jesus Christ. "I am He that was, and which is, and shall come, the Almighty"--the first of all revelations. Yes, the revelation... "Upon this rock I'll build My church. I don't care how many persecutions, how many lines they draw and cut you out, I'll build My church, and the gates of hell will never prevail against it." That's right. Shows all the gates of hell will be against it, but could not prevail. "I'll build My church," the Holy Spirit moving, working, the resurrected Christ moving. Who can stop it? Try it. You never be able to do it. It's going right on, and on, and on. Rise all the critics you want to, it'll only strengthen the church every time you do it: going to move on.

L-54 So she got off, took her camels, put her money back in the little kit; I imagine camped out there. So the first time to attend the meeting, she goes in the next morning. I imagine they had all the trumpets sounded, the bells rang, and the hymns were sang, and after while Pastor Solomon walked out on the platform. Oh, they had a lot of people there, maybe a lot of prayer cards give out that day, for all I know. They had some way. Anyhow she got her seat, perhaps, and set down in the back of the church. Nobody knew her. Big court that morning. Solomon come out, very fine man, spoke very nicely to the people. After they had prayer and everything, Solomon set down. And when they did... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] oh, my. They found out that Solomon had some kind of a power within him that couldn't be a man's power. It was God's power. Watched it... The next case, same thing, the next case, same thing, next case, same thing, every one of them infallible. I bet her little heart begin to beat. She said, "Now, if that keeps on, I'm going to get me a prayer card too."

L-55 The next day she attended. She wasn't rushing. No hurry. She wanted to look it over. She went home, maybe all night read the scrolls. "That's just exactly what Jehovah is. That's what He is." All right. Go by... You never seen that in my church in all my life. This is all strange to me." She goes back and sets down again. Next morning they come in: first case, perfectly discerned, second case, perfectly discerned, third case, perfectly discerned. My, her heart got to beating faster. Finally, she got a way to get in the prayer line.

L-56 After while she got up before Solomon. And the Bible said that there was nothing hid from Solomon. Hallelujah. He answered all of her questions. Nothing was hid. If it was hid from anybody else, it wasn't hid from him then. He told her just exactly the thoughts of her heart. Nothing was hid from him, but he answered all to her. His Spirit of discernment discerned exactly what all of her troubles was and everything about it. And what did she say? She turned around, and she said, "All that I heard is the truth, and more, it's even greater than I heard about." And she said more than that. "Blessed is the men that's here with you to watch that work daily. Blessed are they who come and go with you, and set in this church, that belongs in here with you, to see these things happen daily." And more than that, she become a Christian, made a public confession of God. And Jesus Christ hundreds of years later said, "She'll rise in the judgment with this generation and condemn it. For she came from the utmost parts of the world to hear the wisdom of Solomon, and behold, a greater than Solomon is here."

L-57 And I'll say tonight that a greater than Solomon is here. The Lord Jesus Christ is here, greater than Solomon, greater, the One that He promised and said, "These works that I do shall you do also." It shall be light in the evening time. The path to glory you will surely find. The evening lights are shining. Remember, brother, the sun rises in the east, sets in the west. The same sun that rises in the east sets in the west. We know that. Geographically it crosses the earth, like that. Now, notice what takes place. The prophet said, "There'll be a day that couldn't be called day or night." It'd be a dismal, rainy, a foggy, day, just enough light till you could see how to join the church, and put your name on a book, and ask Christ's forgiveness. But in the evening time it shall be light.

L-58 Now, remember, civilization's traveled with the sun. The oldest civilization's the eastern civilization. China's the 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min oldest civilization we know of. All right. Civilization's traveled with it. Now, it's gone so far, till the east and west coast has met. We're at the west coast. If we went any further, we'd be back east again. When you leave California, you go on into Japan and China. You come back again. What is it? It shall be light in the evening time. We've had a day, two thousand years where we've organized, joined churches, built great things, great spires. That's good, but Christ never ordained that. He never did say build a church, or have a school of theology. He never did ordain these things. He said, "Preach the Gospel." We've done exactly what He said not to do. But anyhow, it's supposed to be that way. But in the evening time it shall be light. Now, what kind of a light would it give? If that was the first sunlight that shined on the eastern people, which is S-o-n of God, and He did the things He did there on that day on Alpha, He does the same thing at Omega. As Reuben and Jasper... Benjamin, and... or--or, Sardis stone--both Benjamin and Reuben, first and last. Now, He's the rainbow in all the church ages.

L-59 Now, we're in the evening time. The evening lights have come. And surely... I say this, all sincerity, Christians. I say this sinner, with all sincerity. I'm--I'm not a preacher, I suppose. I--I lack education. But God gave me another way I could win people to God (See?), another way to excuse my ignorance, to give me a way to pray for the sick people, a spirit of discernment. Now, that's what was in question over at Houston when He had His picture taken by it that night, when Dr. Best and them was out there.

L-60 That.. What did that queen see? What made her act like that? She seen something real. She seen something she could put her hands on that was real, not a statue that set there, that some man had cut out of--of--of marble, or out of wood, or made out of clay. She saw something that she could put her hands on, that--something that was real. She saw something that lived, that brought life. She knowed it had to be God. She'd seen something... She'd seen so much put on, and so much sham, till she wanted to see something real. And God let her see it.

L-61 Now, children, today the world's full of sham. "Come join our denomination. Recite our creed. Come to our church, the biggest one in the city." It's a sham. I don't say they're not Christians in there. That's not... But as far as the church having anything to do with it, the organization having anything to do with it, that's wrong. It's just a makeup sham. What the world wants to see today is something real: real, something that's real, Bible real, godly real. All of you know I hunt. I've hunted all my life. My mother's a half Cherokee Indian, and my conversion never took it out of me. If anything I love is them woods. Oh, I just can't hardly stand... I get in those woods and get started. I find God in the woods. God, I hear him call in the coyote and the wolf, hear Him bugle in the deer. Why, sure. I hear him scream in the eagle, see Him in the sunset. Everywhere around is God. Get out in nature. Get away from this stinking cities and things, where you have so much sin and debolish going on all the time. I read in the paper the other day, I forget... It's thirty thousand abortion cases per week, done, recorded in the city of Chicago. How many is not recorded? Thirty thousand abortion cases, my, my. What's going to happen, brother? Think of the world over, what's going on at this time, sin. Oh, it's horrible.

L-62 Up in the North woods, where I used to hunt, I hunted with a fellow up there called Burt Caul, very fine boy, one of the best hunters I ever hunted with. You never had to worry about him. You didn't have--you couldn't lose him. He knowed where he was at. And we loved to hunt with each other, 'cause we hunted the white tail deer. But that was the meanest man I ever seen in my life. He was the cruel-hearted-est person I ever see. He was another kind of a half-breed, so he--he--but a real hunter. And I used to like to hunt with him, but he was so mean, so cruel. He used to shoot little fawns just to make me feel bad. Well now, if the law says you can shoot a fawn, that's all right. Abraham killed a calf and fed it to God. So nothing wrong in killing a fawn if the law said all right. But just to shoot them for the fun of it, that's wrong. That's murder. I don't believe in doing it. I'm a conservationist, a conservation officer for years. I still believe in it, and I belong to many conservation orders. But now, here I believe in it. I believe--I believe in conserving it.

L-63 Now... And Burt would just do that because I was a preacher. He'd just make me feel bad. He'd say, "Aw, you chicken-hearted preachers," like that. He thought he was a big rough guy. So one year I went up there, and he'd made him a little bitty whistle. And he could go like a little fawn. That's a baby 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min deer crying for its mammy. And he'd--he'd blow this little whistle. If you ever heard a fawn cry, it's a funny little noise. And I said, "Burt, you're not going to use that?" He said, "Aw, go on, Billy. Get next to yourself." And well, we went hunting that day, and there was about six inches of snow, good tracking snow, little late in the season. Well now, it's hard to find them white tail deer. As soon as the first shot fires, brother, you talk about Houdini, the escape artist, he was a amateur to them. They can get away, and they won't come out. You have to get them out of them brush, shake them out of there some way, 'cause they'll hide, lay down and crawl under brush piles, everything, get away. Lot of hunters... That's the reason you had to be on the moment, shoot quick, fast, everything, to get your deer. And Burt and I used to do real well. But he'd wanted to murder them. He'd get two, three, four, five, anything he could, just to make fun, just to laugh at it. Then laugh at me.

L-64 One day up there we'd went back in the woods, and it got about dinner time. We always carried a jug of--of hot chocolate, kind of warms you up where if you get turned around somewhere, and have to stay out overnight. We'd always carry a little lunch. And we'd hunt up through the Presidential range, Mount Washington, Adams, over Cherry Mountain, so forth, a beautiful country. And we'd went way up into the Caul's Gap, and up in that way. And we'd been up way high, and we'd hunted up to about eleven o'clock. We come to a little clearing about the size of this auditorium, and Burt kindy hunkered down like this, started back in his bosom. I thought, "Well, we're going to set down and eat our dinner." We usually separated, and one go one way, and one the other, going back, coming up the mountain, hunt back down, one take one slope, and the other one the other one, going back. And so he set down, and I started to set down too.

L-65 And I seen he was reaching in his pocket. And he got that little old whistle. And I thought... I said, "Burt, you wouldn't do that." He just laughed. He had eyes looked just like a lizard to me, kind of them lizard-looking eyes set sideways. He looked up at me, kind of halfway grin with that, looked like a sheep-killing dog. And he took this little old whistle in his mouth, and he blowed just like a little baby fawn crying. And when he did, to my surprise, right across that opening a big doe raised up. Now, a doe is a mother deer, if you wouldn't know. Oh, she was a beautiful specie, great big pretty ears, those big, brown eyes a shining. I looked at her. And he looked up at me with them lizard eyes. I said, "Burt, you wouldn't do that." Now, that--that's strange. They won't raise up that time of day like that. They'll stay... But what was it? She was a mother. A baby was crying. And I watched her again. I'd see her with that big head up looking around, big ears sticking up. And he blowed it again: cried like a baby. She stepped right out into the opening. Oh, that was very unusual. They don't do that. I see her step out there in that opening.

L-66 I thought, "Oh, oh." And I seen him pull back that lever, throw in that shell on that .30-06. Oh, he was a dead shot. And he laid that scope down, that cross hair right across her heart. I thought, "Oh, mercy. How can he do it? How can he do it? That precious mother standing out there looking for her baby, in one second from now, he touched that trigger with that one hundred and eighty grain mushroom bullet, he'd blow her precious heart plumb through the other side of her. I thought, "Burt, how can you do that? How can you be so cruel?" And I seen him with them lizard eyes, getting down. I thought, "All right." I couldn't look at it. I just couldn't do it. And she was standing there walking on. What was the matter? She wasn't a hypocrite. She wasn't trying to act something. She was a mother. It was born in her to be a mother. She was looking for her baby. Oh, my. She was watching that baby. After while, when the barrel raised up above the bush, the deer looked. Now, usually they'll jump and run, quickly. Well, that fast they're gone. But not her. She seen the hunter. She spooked at it, as we call it, looked. She seen the hunter, but she worked her mouth two or three times, raised up her head. 'Course she could smell us standing there. She looked. But what was the matter? Her baby somewhere was in trouble: mother instinct. She knew it was death. She knew she was going to die, but she didn't care. There was something in her, motherly love, driving her to that baby. "Where's it at? Where's my baby? It's in trouble." 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min

L-67 I--I couldn't look no more. I just couldn't. I thought, "That loyal heart of that precious mother. Burt, how can you do it? You're cruel; you're--you're evil to do a thing like that." And I seen him raise up like that, and I turned my back. I prayed in my heart. I said, "Heavenly Father, don't let him do that. How can he stand to see that precious mother there trying to find her baby, and then deceive her like that, and blow her precious loyal, motherly heart plumb through her?" I said, "How could he do that, Lord?" I waited. The gun never fired. I waited a little bit longer. It didn't fire. I thought, "What's the matter?" I looked back, and the gun barrel was going like this. I looked around. He looked up, and great big tears was running out of his eyes. He threw the gun down on the bank. He said, "Billy, I've had enough of it. Lead me to that Jesus you know." Right there on that snow bank I led that cruel-hearted hunter (what was it?) to the Lord Jesus Christ. Why? He saw something real. He seen something that wasn't put on. He seen something that was genuine, borned experience, a mother. Wouldn't you like to be that kind of a Christian? Wouldn't you like for God to make you a Christian, as much Christian as that mother, that deer was a mother? Let's bow our heads a moment, and ask Him to do it.

L-68 Our heavenly Father, a simple little story there of--of the queen of the south seeing something real by a gift of God... And them churches up in New England there, they--they didn't have nothing but just church and so forth. That hunter had been... You know him, Lord, now a precious brother, a deacon in the church. But he'd never seen anything real. Lord, You said if they hold their peace, the stones will cry out. Something's got to cry out, "There's a living God." The first time that man saw something that was real, he knowed there was a living God then. You used a deer to perform the miracle, and bring a cruel-hearted sinner to You, because a mother deer displayed the reality of motherhood. God, make every man and woman in here tonight a Christian like unto that, that can display such a love in their hearts, that they'll be such a Christian, live such a unspotted life from the world, until their neighbors will know that they are real Christians, and want to be like them.

L-69 You said in Your Gospel, "Ye are the salt of the earth. But if the salt has lost its savour..." Lord, that's what happens to our denominations. They lose their savour. They draw boundary lines, and let none out or none in. Father, I pray, tonight. We know that salt is a savour if it contacts. I pray, God, that this little church and these people will be so salty of the love of God, till they'll contact every sinner that they can, with such a life; if they can't preach a sermon let them live one, display a love for God, as that mother deer did for her baby. They're waiting, Father. Receive them into Thy Kingdom. May they this night... Those who raised their hands, may they become Your servants this night. May You show them in the next few minutes that You are alive, not dead. You're alive forevermore. You said, "I am He that was dead, and is alive again, and alive forevermore. And because I live, you live also. He that heareth My words and believeth on Him that sent Me has Everlasting Life, and shall not come into the judgment, but's passed from death unto Life." Father, I pray that You'll make believers tonight out of all of them. If them are any in here unbelieving, may they go believing.

L-70 And now, the service is in Your hands, Lord. This is far as I can go or any other man. But when we leave here tonight, I pray that the people, as they leave this auditorium, will say like those coming from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us?" You walked with them all through the day, yet they didn't know You. But when You got them inside the room, and then You done something just like You did before Your crucifixion, then they knowed that You'd raised from the dead. Now, Lord, come again tonight. We're shut in here in this inn tonight, in this little Legion building. Now, come and do something tonight. Show Your Messiahic sign that You are the Messiahic sign, and this is a wicked and adulterous generation; and You are the same yesterday, today, and forever; that this is as it was in the days of Lot, when You set with Your back turned to the tent and said, "Why did Sarah laugh in the tent?" and told Abraham his wife's name was Sarah. You promised You'd do it, Lord. Grant it. 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min Then when we leave here tonight, we'll go to our different homes saying, "Did not our hearts burn within us as He talked to us along the way?" For we ask it in His Name and for His glory, the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

L-71 I am going to pray for the sick now. (Excuse me, Paul.) I'm going to pray for the sick. I have no education. I--I have no powers. I'm your brother. I hope you understand that. I am sent to you by your Saviour, and my Saviour, your God, and my God. Now, one time David the shepherd, he was herding his father's sheep. And I'm going to try to take the place of David. Listen close. I'm going to try to take the place of David tonight. I'm herding my Father's sheep. And one day a bear come in and got a sheep. And David wasn't no spearman nor swordsman. The only thing he had was a little slingshot. But he had God's grace in his heart. A lion come in and got one. He went out after him, got him, slew him, brought the sheep back. I don't have no medicine. I'm not a doctor. I couldn't be a surgeon. I don't know how to handle a knife. I don't know nothing about it. But there's one thing I do have; that's a little slingshot of prayer. It's simple. But one day a cancer come in, and got one of my Father's sheep. I went after him. I brought the sheep back. Prayer of faith saved it. I'm coming after you tonight with a slingshot of prayer. I want to bring Father's sheep back. You pray for me now, as we call the prayer line. All of you Davids in here help me. Father's sheep's caught out with an enemy. Let's bring it back to health again tonight. Father told us we could do it; if we'd ask anything in His Name, He'd do it. "Say to this mountain, 'Be moved,' and don't doubt, you can have what you said."

L-72 Where did we call from them prayer cards? Was what we? Huh? 1 We called from number 1 last night, didn't we? [Brother Branham speaks to someone--Ed.] What? You supposed to give out some more? What was it? B's? Prayer card B. How many did we have up last night? Eighteen, eighteen? It don't take many. Then them out there without prayer cards, that's perfectly all right. Believe with all your heart. You seen last night; there's more out in the audience than there was up here on the platform. Let's call a few out of them cards though right now. Let's start from, let's say... How many did we have last night? Fifteen or eighteen? Let's start from 85 tonight, prayer card B-85. Who has 85? See? Prayer card B-85? [Someone speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] Where? Oh, I'm sorry. 85, come over on this side, sir, ever who you are. 86, would you raise your hand quickly? 87, over here. 87? Who has 87? This lady here, you have 87? Over here, lady. 88? 89? I didn't see 89. Would you raise your hand? Look at the people in the wheelchairs, see where they're at. 89? May... Look. Did you look at that card? 89? Who's got prayer card 89? 85, 86, 87, 88, 89?

L-73 Now, don't get the card 'less you're aiming to come on the platform. See, when I call from somewhere, then nobody answers... Then let somebody else get the card that's going to come. 89, 90? Who has prayer card 90? All right. 91? All right. 92, 93, 94, 94? I didn't see it. Look at... Somebody over here, these--these two women setting here in a wheelchair, they couldn't get up. If their card's called, we'll pack them over here. See? 91, 2, 3, 4, 5, 85 to 95, 95 to 100 in prayer card B. Would you come? 90? 80--85 to a 100, those holding those cards. The rest of you just hold your cards. We'll--we'll get to them by and by. 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 100. Now, while they're gathering them few that we'll start with here... May not get to one or two of them. I don't know. Depends on what the Holy Spirit says...

L-74 How many in the audience here that does not have a prayer card and yet you want--you're sick, and want God to heal you? Raise your hand. All right. Now, I do not know you. But if you will just look this a way and believe... How many was never in one of my meetings before? Let's see your hands. The Lord bless you. We're glad to have you tonight. Now, remember, I do not profess to be a healer. I believe there's only one Healer; that's God. And I believe that He's already did for you everything He can do. It's your time next to accept what He's done for you. But if He was standing here tonight, dressed in this suit, He could do no more for you than what He's doing--what He would do right here now. Is that right? Now, in the Bible... How many believes that Jesus is a High Priest? How many 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min know that the Bible said that He's right now the High Priest, standing at the right hand of the Majesty on high, making intercession for us? Is that right?

L-75 How many know that Hebrews 13:8 says, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever." Well, if He's the same High Priest that He was yesterday, and this High Priest that's sitting on high... He's a High Priest now sitting on high that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. How many knows the Bible says that, that He can be touched? Now, how are you going to touch Him if He's setting on high? The same way the woman did that touched Him back there. It wasn't her finger on His garment. He didn't feel that. But it was her faith. Many was touching Him this way. But He said, "Thy faith has saved thee." Now, she touched Him, and He turned around and didn't know who did it. Is that right? He looked all around. He said, "Who touched Me?" And Peter got really provoked at Him, and said, "Well, Lord..." Rebuked Him, said in otherwise, tell the, "What are You talking about anyhow? Why would You say a thing like that? Everybody's patting You on the back." He said, "Yes, but this is a different kind of touch. I--I felt Myself get weak." Virtue (that's strength) left Him. He looked all around over the audience and He found a little woman out there, and told her she'd had a blood issue, and her faith had saved her. Is that right? Now, He never said He did. He said her faith in Him did.

L-76 Well, now, if He's the same High Priest tonight, the same as He was when He was here on earth; and He... The Bible says that He's a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. If you touch Him, won't He act the same as He did them? He couldn't act different and be the same High Priest. How many knows that to be true? All right. Then you by faith, you look up and say, "Lord Jesus, You are my High Priest. Let me touch You, Lord, with my infirmity. Have mercy on me. Let Brother Branham call now. I know He's just a man. But You're still the High Priest, and now, I want to touch You. And You speak through him, and call me just like You did--did that woman. That'll take all doubt out of your heart, wouldn't it? Oh, isn't this wonderful? Not some ancient, historical God, but a God right now. How many knows that Jesus Christ said Himself that He didn't do nothing till God showed Him a vision first what to do? Saint John 5:19, "Verily, verily, I say unto you (the word 'verily' means 'absolutely'), I say unto you, The Son (that's His body, the flesh) can do nothing in Himself but what He sees the Father doing: that doeth the Son likewise." Is that right? Then He never performed one miracle until He saw a vision of it being done. Is that right? If He didn't, He told something wrong. And He couldn't tell nothing wrong 'cause He was God. See? So it had to be.

L-77 Now, I want you to just get as quiet as possible, and be real reverent, watch, pray. Now, sometimes when this anointing strikes... I don't say that it will. If it doesn't, then the only thing I can do is make a commitment to God, leave the platform. That's all I can do. But if He does come, and does do the same things here, and prove that He's still the Messiah to the Gentile in the closing of our age as He was to the Jew and Samaritan, would you people come and receive Him as Saviour and Healer? Would you do it and believe it? Now, as far as I know, in this entire audience I don't see one person that I know. On the platform, it's so far... I got acquainted with this little minister since I've been here, our little brother here. My son and my tape recording boys here is the only one I--I know. I believe I know this brother. I can't think of him. I believe you're from down in Louisiana somewhere. Didn't I go duck hunting sometime with you, or went down there to your place or something? Had a meeting down at... what was the name of the place? DeQuincy... Venice. My! Excuse me. I've got to shake your hand. God bless you. I haven't seen you for a long time. Well, you haven't changed. I got old. See, I had to work maybe. [The brother says, "We want you to come back."--Ed.] Thank you, Brother Venice. So nice.

L-78 In the prayer line, am I a stranger to you all? I don't know you? If so, raise up your hands if I--if I'm a stranger to you. All right. All out there that I'm a stranger to, and you know I don't know you, raise up your hand. See? Now, here we are. Is He still Jesus, or is He not? If He does... If He will keep His Word, He's still God. If that's no good then, if this Bible here... If God won't keep His promise, then He isn't God. If He does keep His promise, He is God. And now, when He was here on earth, remember what He did; He showed them His Messiahic sign. And all of you 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min Bible readers know this: that the Messiahic sign was the sign of a prophet. All that knows that, raise up your hand, Bible readers. Sure. "Lord your God will raise up a prophet like me." But the Jews couldn't answer, so they said He does it... He's a fortuneteller, a Beelzebub, a mental telepathy, or something. And they do the same thing today. But that don't stop God. He goes right on just the same, just goes just the same. Somebody will believe.

L-79 Now, if I could heal any of you people here, I'd do it. But I can't do it. Jesus could not do it, if He was standing right here. If you'd come to Him, He was standing here with this suit on He gave me, You'd say, "Lord, I'm sick. I want You to heal me," I imagine He'd say something like this, "Child of Mine, don't you believe that I did that? Was not I wounded for your transgressions, bruised for your iniquity? With My stripes you were healed. Don't you believe that? I've already done it." Well, now, what did He say back there? "I can, if you believe." Well, it's already done now, so you just have to believe. That's all. So the only thing that He could do would be something to show you that He was the Messiah. So His body tonight is sitting on the throne of God. We believe that, don't we? Someday He will return to the earth in the millennium, and set on the throne of David. That's right. But He's setting on the throne of God tonight in glory, ever living to make intercessions. But His Spirit is back here in the church, and His Spirit does the same thing...

L-80 As I said this morning, if the first branch of the vine brought forth a Pentecostal church, every real branch out of that vine will bring forth another Pentecostal church. But we got a lot of grafted branches, and they bring forth after their kind. We got Methodist branch grafted into it, Baptist branch, Pentecostal branch, every other kind of branch. It bears its own fruit. You can take a orange tree and put a grapefruit in it. It'll live off the life of that tree, but it'll bear grapefruit. Put a lemon in there, it'll bear lemon, not an orange, yet it's living off of orange life. See, any citrus fruit... Any church professing to be Christian thrives off of the glory and praises of Christ. But it can't bear the fruit. It won't bear the Life of Christ until Christ puts forth that branch Himself. Then it'll--it'll write another Book of Acts behind it (that's right), because it is the acts of the Holy Spirit in the church. See? That's the way it is tonight, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let us pray now, and everybody get real quiet. Don't move. Set still in your chairs, or your seats, pew. Wherever it is, just sit real still for a while. Be reverent.

L-81 Father, this is a great statement, but here tonight over just a hundred, a few people here setting here; I've asked You to come forward, whether there be tens of thousands, yes, hundreds of thousands. You've never failed us yet. My days are growing dim now, Lord. I'm... Someday I'm going to have to close this Bible for Its last time. If I should go tonight, You've proved the testimony to be true. Since a little lad I've told them that I saw a Light. It was amber, like a Pillar. You've let science all around the world take that picture and examine it. Many times have You come, and now it's in Kodachrome color. You let it be taken a few weeks ago in Germany, Switzerland, around the world, cameras of the nation. If I die, the mechanical camera speaks that I've told them the truth. Your very Presence shows that it was the truth. Your Bible claims that it's the truth. Father, may people believe it as truth, and receive Thee tonight as their Healer, as their Saviour, as their King, as their Lord: Lordship to govern, to rule in their lives. Grant it, Lord.

L-82 Now, with myself, and this church, I commit all into Your hands, that You might do something tonight to show these people that You're still the God-prophet. You're still God. You just... They... You died to take away sin, but You rose up the third day. You said, "I have power to lay My life down, and I have power to take it up. No one took it from You, and no one raised it up." You laid Your Ownself down, raised Your Ownself up. The Bible said God raised Him up, and it's true. Father, You're alive forevermore, living in the hearts of Your people, with the promise, "The works that I do shall they do also." I'm quoting this, Lord, because You're true to Your Word. And You said as it was in the days of Sodom, it'll be that way just at the coming of the Son of man. And we remember, when those signs were performed in Sodom, it was just a short time until the fire fell and burned Sodom. We are looking for it any time, Lord. We see the sign appearing. We see the world in the Sodom condition, the promises of God made manifest. Will You do it once more tonight, Lord, for the honor and glory of Him Who taught 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min the Word? I ask in Jesus Christ's Name, for God's glory. Amen.

L-83 Now, no matter what goes on, be reverent. I don't mean that you can't praise God, but you approach God quietly, sanely, wonderfully. And then, when you see God do something, sure, He wants you to worship Him. But come reverently. Now, when you people come in the line, coming here, or out there, be on the alert. I'm watching. I have no control of It. I do not control It; It controls me. I can only speak what It tells me. I can only speak in where It's at. I watch It. Wherever It is, there I watch It, and see what It does.

L-84 Now, last night the first person we had on the platform, I believe was a woman. Is that right? Is this the man? All right. The first one tonight's a man. Now, we found last night, when a woman came to the Lord Jesus, she went to the well to get some water. Jesus talked to her a little while, and--and directly He found her trouble. And He said, "Go, get your husband." She said, "I don't have no husband." Said, "That's right. You've had five. And the one you're living with now is not yours." She said, "Sir, I perceive You're a prophet."

L-85 Now, the great rabbis and teachers and church men said, "He's a devil." Did you know the devil was the one that confessed Him to be the Son of God, and the preachers confessed that He was a devil? That was one time that the devils was right. Look at Paul and Silas coming down, that little fortuneteller setting up there. And that little fortuneteller said, "These are men of God that tell us the way of Life." The preachers said, "They're roustabouts. They turn the world upside down. They're impostors." See? See, that devil knowed more about God than they did. That's right. Now, but it's not so with my brethren in these days. These are men... I was thinking about preachers here. They wouldn't be setting here if they believed that. They'd be gone. They're setting here because they believe It; they've preached of It. They believed It. They've stood on the street corners. They cried; they begged. Thank God we're living to see the days that He's fulfilling His promise. Your pastors, you ought to be proud of them. I am, and I know He is too--men of God.

L-86 Now, this man standing before me, I do not know the man. He's a lot younger than I. I've never seen him in my life, as I know of. But he's standing here for some purpose. Now, it might be that he may be a married man, having domestic troubles in his home. He may be sick. He may be standing for someone else, may be financial need. I don't know what he's here for. I have no idea. I've never seen him in my life, but he's standing there. Now, what if he is sick? Well, if he's sick, I couldn't heal him. But the only... If Jesus was standing here, He couldn't heal him. How many knows that? He's already done it. See? But the only thing Jesus could do would be to let him know that He was still Jesus that made the promise (Is that right?), that done the work. So then, if the man believed it, he'd be healed. If it was finance trouble, he'd know that God was interested in his case because it appeared before Him, not a man, but God. Now, if the Holy Spirit... This man raised his hand that I didn't know him. And he... I don't know him, and he don't know me. If the Holy Spirit will do something for him now... Now, if I walked over and say, "Mister, are you sick?" he'd say, "Yes, sir, I am." "God sent me with a gift of healing. You believe that?" "Yes, sir, I do." Put my hands on him, "Go, get well in Jesus' Name." I believe he'd get well. Sure. I believe God has gifts all working all over the church everywhere. I do that. I believe that the gifts of healing's in the church. Don't have to be a preacher even. Just be a lay member, anybody, feels led to go pray for somebody, go do it. That's a gift of healing working in you.

L-87 But now, he'd--he'd have somewhat to doubt that. But what if the Holy Spirit comes and tells him something that he has been, something that he ought not have done, or something that he did do, or something that he ought to have done, and did not? Tell him something that's wrong with him, or tell him what has been. If He knows what has been, He surely know what will be then. Isn't that right? 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min Now, if He will do such a thing, everyone here will have to know it comes from a power. Would you believe it to be the promise that I've read you tonight and preached to you out of the Bible, that It is Jesus Christ, the Son of God? All right. Now, just as reverent as you can be, 'cause, you see... Everyone be just as reverent. Don't move, 'cause I catch your spirit. You see? And I--I want to know... Just be in sincere prayer.

L-88 Now, this infallible, as God is infallible... I have no way of knowing this man. He come down here, and they give out prayer cards. They come here and mixed up a big bunch of prayer cards, and begin to give them out. That shows the boy giving them out couldn't say, "If you'll give me five dollars I'll put you in the line." They don't know, because they mix up the cards right before your face. Just give you whatever you want. One might get number 1, the other one get number 15, the other get 95. And then, then when they come, nobody knows where we're even going to call from, till I get here. Then everywhere the Lord leads me, I just call from there. Sometimes call a few from here, and some from back here, some from over here. How many's seen that done--around, and around, around, everywhere. So here we're standing here, and you out there without your card...

L-89 Now, sir, I just want to speak to you a moment. 'Course standing there, heart crying out, "Jesus," raise up your hand, 'course would give me to know that you are a Christian. Or you could just be impersonating that (You see?), just acting like you was. If it--if he is, watch what happens. Now, they've slipped in the line lot of times. They've packed them out and everything else. So if the Lord God will tell me something about you (this waiting audience), something that you're here for, what's your reason standing here on the platform, you could be the judge whether it was right or not. Would you? You'd know whether it was right. And if it is right, you'll be willing to say it's right. If it's wrong, say it's wrong. That's all. You come for me to pray for you for a condition of your body, and that condition is a growth. It's on your side. Do you believe it? Now, he seems to have a good contact of God just now, that lets a critic or something that might perhaps be standing by, might know that they just didn't guess it. Now, right now, I do not know what I told him. The only way I know is this recorder setting here. Then the tape comes back. Next day they'll play it to me. It's like a dream. Now, that wasn't me. I don't know nothing about the man (See?), no more than this microphone knows how to speak. Has to be something alive speaking in it. I don't know the man, so it has to be God speaking in.

L-90 Now, just take my time... If I just keep one here awhile, just so that you'll know (See?), that ought to be sufficient for all. Now, just a moment, sir. I just want to get in contact with your spirit. That's the same thing our Lord did when He talked to the woman at the well, said, "Bring Me a drink," see. He was only trying to con... The Father sent Him up there. He had need go by Samaria, but when He got there, the woman come out. So He had to talk to her, to contact her spirit. That's the same thing I'm doing right now. Yes, I see it. It's a growth in your right side. You got one on your arm too. That's right. Only three people in the world knew about it, that was him and his sister. But there's One above knowed about it. Now, let's talk to Him a minute. You've been praying for someone else too: a child, tonsil trouble, setting right out there. It's going to be well...?... You believe? Do you believe God knows who you are? Mr. Morrison, Jack, go home and be well. "If thou canst believe, all things are possible to them that believe."

L-91 Now, if I didn't say one word to you and just prayed for you, you believe there's anointing here at the platform? Would you believe that? What if I told you you were healed 'fore you come up there, would you believe it? Well, what do you think about your grandson? You think he'd get well too? All right. Go ahead and believe it. Put that handkerchief on him. You believe? Have faith. You're just a child to me, young woman. I don't know you, but here's the same picture like in Saint John the 4th chapter: a woman and a man. Lovely young woman stands here, looks as healthy as she can be. I don't know nothing about her, never seen her in my life. We're strangers to one another, aren't we, lady? Certainly are. If God is the Word of God, which is Christ made flesh, and if He can be made real in our flesh, which He sanctified 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min with His own Blood, sending in His Holy Spirit to tabernacle... God was in Christ. God come down and built His--made a tent like man. He--He changed His cast and become man, God did, that He might sanctify a church that He could live in; and for two thousand years worked His miracles, and proved that He was the same God living in His people: God tabernacling in man. If God will reveal to me by His Spirit what's your trouble, will you believe me to be His prophet, or His servant? You believe that? Would you accept it to be from God? Then you'll embrace that baby that you want, that you're praying for. Go, believe it. I give you that child in the Name of Jesus Christ. Go home, receive it. Don't doubt. You've wanted that for some time. All right. Go, believing. If thou canst believe. You believe?

L-92 All right, lady. I do not know you. Just a moment. You're... It's starting in the building now. There It moved out, and left the platform, went into the building. Somebody touched Him, as certain as I'm standing here. There's a younger woman standing here. I can't locate her. I see her: got neck trouble, arthritis of the spine. Do you believe with all your heart? Jesus Christ will make you well. Accept it; believe it, the little lady setting here with glasses on, dark hair. Stand up. I give you your healing in the Name of Jesus Christ. What did she touch? Ask the lady. I don't know you, do I, lady? I do not know you, do I? No. If I don't know you, raise up your hand, shake your hand. If that was your trouble, what He told you, shake your hand. Now, you're healed. What did she touch? She's thirty feet from me. She touched the High Priest, and He acted just like He did at the beginning. Now, that's the same Jesus, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Have faith. Don't doubt.

L-93 Some of the rest of you, I challenge your faith to believe, not me; believe the Word of God. Believe I've told you the truth. I challenge your faith to--to believe that. Right behind her, you did, didn't you, lady? Setting right behind her there, setting there with high blood pressure, stand up on your feet. If that's true, raise up your hand. If I don't know you, raise up your other hand. I give you your healing in the Name of Jesus Christ. You touched Him. He sure knows about you. Go home and be well. Have faith in God. Don't doubt. You believe with all your heart? Something strange about her... I don't know you; God does know you. You believe God will heal you and make you well? You're not from here. You're from a place called Huntington. Your name's Mrs. Day. You're praying for a brother, a brother's in Galveston in a hospital, and he's a addict. Go, believe. Don't doubt. Jesus Christ makes you free. In the Name of Jesus Christ. Have faith in God. You believe?

L-94 What if I didn't say nothing to you, just laid hands on you, would you believe, lady? Come here. Receive your healing in the Name of Jesus Christ. Go, believing. What if I told you that diabetes would be gone, would you believe it? Go, believe. Don't doubt. When you were setting right down here awhile ago (See?), I seen you suffering with heart trouble. You also have something wrong with your back. Now, go believing, and you'll get well. If you believe with all your heart. Come, young lady. You believe me to be His prophet? You're a young lady, but you have a female trouble, a dripping. It's a abscessed ovary. Don't doubt, believe. Go, and it'll never happen no more. You can be made well. Believe with all your heart. You believe with all your heart? See, if you just believe now, it's just perfectly the Holy Spirit working. What if I just laid hands on you, would you think you'd get well? Come. In the Name of Jesus Christ may she be healed. Amen. Come, believing. If I didn't say one word to you, would you believe if I laid hands on you, you'd get well? Well, come. And that diabe... Well, go ahead. Diabetes will be all right. You'll get well. Go, believe with all your heart.

L-95 You believe with all your heart everybody? Believe now. Now, just look. Now, what did He say? You know there's some sort of anointing here somewhere that knows you. You believe that? A little lady setting up praying, shaking her head with heart trouble. Quit, stop--stop fearing. Believe with all your heart, going to get well anyhow. God's going to make you well. That lady setting out there praying for her unsaved son. Believe with all your heart. God will take care of it for you. I don't know you, do I, lady? Don't know you at all, but that's what you was praying about. How did I know what you 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min was praying about? The God that hears prayer can answer prayer. Amen. You believe with all your heart? Have faith. Now, be reverent. Come, let's lay hands on you now, while the anointing of the Holy Spirit's here. In the Name of the Lord Jesus, may she be healed. Amen. Go, believing. You know, really it's your nervousness that did it, made your stomach like that. Now, you just raise tonight and say, "I'm finished with it. I believe God," and then go eat your supper. You'll be all right. Go believe. In the Name of the Lord Jesus.

L-96 Someone might say, "You're... if you're old, your heart's weak anyhow." But it isn't. You've got a nervous heart. You've had it a long time. Go, believe with all your heart, and it'll get well, and you'll go home, be well...?... with all your heart. You love the Lord? Something's happened, but I can't find it. It's just... Everything's becoming a blur to me now. See? How many knows that visions do you that way? Daniel saw one, was troubled at his head for many days. How many knows that? See? Sure. One woman touched the hem of the garment of the Master, and He said, "Virtue's gone from me." All right, sister, come believing now. You'll never be crippled with it. In the Name of Jesus Christ, may she be healed. Believe with all your heart. Do you believe with all your heart, everybody? What could happen right now. Anything could take place. Surely you're aware that something's here. The God that you serve is right with you now. I see a lady setting here with her head up. She's praying. That Light's hanging right over her. I'm just afraid she won't catch it. She's got bowel trouble and back trouble. O God, hope she, Mrs. Dickland, raise up and accept your healing. All right. God bless you, lady with the red sweater on is the one. Right over here on the end of the row, there's a man and woman setting there. Woman's had a lot of trouble. She's had about a dozen operations, got a liver trouble. Her husband has artery trouble. Mr. and Mrs. Mane, believe with all your heart and go home and be healed. Jesus Christ make you well.

L-97 I challenge you to look this way and believe it. I ask you to believe it. Hallelujah. How many believes with all your heart? Oh, sinner friend, would you like to receive this Jesus? You that raised your hands you were sinners, come here just a minute. Let me lay hands on you, will you? Come right down here now, sinner friend. Come here. I invite you to Christ. Come. Let's lay hands on you. If God knows your heart, He wants you to be forgiven of your sins. Come right now around the altar here, will you? Every sinner in the building that wants to receive Jesus as their Saviour, come right down now, every one, right while the Holy Spirit is anointing. Move right down. That's right. Come every soul of sin oppressed, there's mercy with the Lord. Won't you come? Come right around. That's just fine. Come on, every sinner that doesn't know God. You want to be remembered now in prayer and want God to save your soul. While He's here present... The Holy Spirit stopped me just then, said, "Call. I've got children waiting out there." The same God that can be infallibly talking, can't He say the same thing? Now is the hour. Now is the time. Move out, every one that wants to find Christ as Saviour, come around the altar here just a moment. Will you do it? Come every soul by sin oppressed, There's mercy with the Lord, And He will surely give you rest, By trusting in His Word. Only trust Him...

L-98 He knows you. Come now, will you? Come trust Him. You want to be like that mother deer? You want a real experience with God? Come to One. Come to the Lord Jesus, Who can give you that experience. Church member, have you been flusterated? Come now. Come, church member. ... He will save you now. Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, Catholic, Pentecostal, that's not sure of your experience, will you come? We're not asking you to join any church. We're just asking you to come here and stand for a word of prayer. You 61-0119E, Queen Of Sheba, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 123 min wanted to see something real. What's any more real than Jesus Christ raised from the dead in a wicked and adulterous generation, showing Himself that He's raised from the dead; like Jonah, come out of the belly of the whale. He's alive forevermore. Won't you come now, while we sing it again? Only trust Him, only trust him, Only trust Him now; (Go back...?...) He will save you, He will save you, He will save you now. (A Presbyterian brother...) Only trust Him...

L-99 Every man or woman that hasn't got the Holy Ghost, let them stand to their feet now, those that want the Holy Ghost. Oh, He will save you, He will save you, He will save you now. I want to ask the minister brothers here on the platform if they can, and can get down around these penitent sinners here, I want you to go down. We want to lay hands on them, pray with them, take them out, invite them to your churches wherever they are, may they be members. Look, friends, you that's standing here, there's only one thing... Let me show you what's happened. Jesus said, "No man can come to Me except My Father draws him." Then God brought you here. He never brought you here in vain. You rose up from your seat and come. That's all you can do to make a confession. "He that will confess Me before men, him will I confess before My Father and the holy Angels." That's what He promised. "He that believeth in Me, though he were dead yet shall he live. Whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die." I ask you now as we bow our heads for prayer... How many in here now that is sick and afflicted yet? Raise your hands. Now, you lay your hands over on one another. Put your... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Things That Wasn't So From The Beginning
