Date: 1961-03-12
Title: Faithful Abraham
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Lyric Building
Location: Richmond, VA
Duration: 121 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 61-0312

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Let's remain standing just a moment while we meet God in prayer. How many has a request today? Would you just let it be known by the uplifted hand? Let's believe Him now as we pray. Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee for what our eyes have seen, and our ears have heard, the revelation of Jesus Christ to His people, and have the privilege of living in this day, that all the patriarchs, and prophets, apostles, and great men in years gone by has longed to see this day. They could only rise on the scene, those ancient prophets, and see the very thing that they saw in them years, now being done; what an evangelistic services there would be. Perhaps, locked in jails, call them "crazy people."... We live in the day to see all of this that they saw by faith.

L-2 God, let us take the opportunity while it's presented to us. They are depending on us. They left their Word, the Word of God, that was shown to them. They're depending on us to carry It out. Jesus came to confirm It, and to send the Holy Spirit to continue the work and give us power to work by, till these things be all finished, and then the great ransomed church of the living God be caught up to met Him. There are some here today, Father, who does not have this blessed restful hope in their souls. May this be the day that they will receive it. There maybe those here who have grown weary in the way. Let them know, Lord, that we never come to a picnic, but to a battleground: fight, every inch of the way. Give them courage. Strengthen them.

L-3 There's some here that has been wounded, Lord. The enemy has shot darts of sickness into their body and afflictions. They're warriors laying here on the battlefield, that would be up and going if they could; but they are--must be taken to the inn where the caretaker is to take care. Father, may the ambulance of God carry them to a real genuine faith this afternoon. Grant it, Lord. We pray that they'll be healed. There was some raised their hands, Lord, that I don't know what their troubles was, what their desire is. Whatever it is, I pray for them, Father, that You'll grant their desire to them. Get glory out of the services as we present ourselves and the--our Gospel that You left us to preach to Thee for further work in confirmation, in Jesus' Name. Amen. May be seated.

L-4 I truly say that I'm sorry that this is the closing service of this little revival, or just... We haven't had time for a revival: our little get together. But I come at the invitation of this fine group of men, ministers of the city, and around about because of--I felt led to come. There is places waiting. I don't say this just to say it; I say because it's true. There's places waiting that's got tens of thousands of people together, all overseas. Hundreds of places overseas, major cities in America around. But I usually lay the things out, the invitations, and pray over them. No matter where it's at, wherever the Lord says, go, I go. Just here some time ago I read an invitation, wife and I were getting the invitations at the house. And one man said, "Brother Branham, if you'll come, we'll guarantee such-an-such a money, you know, and so much, if you'll just come."

L-5 The next letter said, "Brother Branham, I haven't got a thing I can promise you, not even a place to lay your head." Said, "I'm a married man, and I have seven daughters, and five of them are grown. We're all here in a little three room house." Said, "I'm preaching under two pine trees." Said, "God knows I need you." You know where I went? Down there. That's right. And there, out of that meeting, they built a--a great tabernacle. And that man, as far, as I know, is still pastoring it. And that was down in Arkansas. See, it's always best to follow the leading of the Holy Spirit. I never preached to a--a nicer congregation than I have these five nights, five days here. I appreciate you all. You been very loyal. I appreciate this fine bunch of ministers back here. I'm so glad that--that this group of people has a--shepherds to watch over them, like this.

L-6 Really, "pastor" comes from the word, "a shepherd, a feeder of the flock." And they are pastors, shepherds. And this Gospel that I preach, they believe it. That's the reason they sponsor it. That's the reason they're setting up here in 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min the platform to say that, "We represent this meeting." And I... The converts, the people who's offered their life to Christ and their future service, I trust that by all means you'll see some of these ministers, and let them baptize you in Christian faith. And--and God give you the Holy Spirit, and you be a member of their church. Now, we don't represent any organization. We are certain. We just... Jesus Christ, all of us.

L-7 I want to thank them for inviting me, for standing with me and helping me. Brethren, I sure appreciate you. And I pray that someday, if it be the will of God, I can be back for an extended meeting where we can get in somewhere and have more time. And to the officials, the trustees of this building that's let us have this building; we appreciate that. The courtesy of the custodians, and so forth, and what all they have done... I... One of the boys was standing out there just now, kept us a parking place: Real nice, a fine, type of a gentlemen standing there, colored boy. I wish him the very best of God's blessings. And all, I appreciate it.

L-8 And for the congregation, how you responded and believed the Word that's been preached. And they tell me that all the debts was paid off, and that they took up a love offering. I... Now, you didn't have to do that. I appreciate it, though. And I assure you that there'll not be any of it spent for whiskey, cigarettes. It'll go right into the Kingdom of God. What I do with it, it goes right straight to the... You know what'd happen to it? It goes to foreign missions. I don't take a penny of it. It goes to support the missions where I go overseas. When I get enough built up, then I go overseas and preach to people that don't even know which is right and left hand. They don't know what a decent meal is. They don't even wear clothes.

L-9 So I have to answer for that money. And then I know I'm a good steward. I'll spend it in the Kingdom of God. My church gives me a salary of a hundred dollars a week. That's what I live on with my children. By the way, someone sent me two dollars (I appreciate that.) by my son. And there was two five dollar checks that come in this week. And the... Someone awhile ago sent us a box of canned blackberries. My wife doesn't know it yet. Honey, wherever you are, we're headed for a gastronomical jubilee tonight. I...?... I really like blackberries. Some of you, maybe, wrote me letters. I answered the best I could. Now, to the questions you ask me in doctrine, I just referred you back to your pastor (You see?), because I don't--I don't do that. See? It's nice. I appreciate you putting that much confidence. But you see, all of us wouldn't agree just... On basics we all--we agree the same thing, but each man, maybe two or three setting there, wouldn't. That's the reason I said ask your pastor (See?), because sometimes it causes a little friction in the church, and we don't want that. We--we want you to be in harmony and one accord. I think of your pastor like the song, "Amazing Grace." It was grace that brought me safe thus far, Grace will take me on.

L-10 If the pastor has preached the Gospel, and you are converted and filled with the Holy Ghost, trust Him on. He will take care of the rest of it. Just go right on. So I don't answer doctrinal questions. I just believe in the great fundamental evangelical doctrine of the Bible. And what I say here, even if your pastor disagrees with it, we'll know one thing, that basically, we both believe the same thing.

L-11 You know, even my wife and I don't agree upon everything. That's right. She... When she eats pie, she likes berry pie. And I like cherry pie. I like to taste cherry... And I like berry pie too, understand? But I take cherry pie, put that juice over the top of it, and then pour butter on top of that, then molasses on top of that. It's just right for eating then. That's right, really good. Now, I tell you; she likes the same thing but she's afraid of the calories. I think that's what. But I'm telling you, sweetheart, wherever you're at in here, when we cook this blackberry cobbler, I'll pick all the calories out for you, and you just--you just have a great time.

L-12 God bless you, thank you so much. Everything you have done, you supported the meetings and that's all that was necessary. 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min I'm going to ask you one more favor, if you will. Perhaps this summer, and on... I hope to see you again this side the Jordan. If I don't, I'll meet you on the other side. And this same Gospel that I been preaching, I'll stand to be judged by it on the side. Now, I would like to say this, that if there is any time I can do you a favor, I'd be glad to do it. I used to say like... "Nights never get too dark, rain never fall too hard, but I'd crawl to get to you." Now, with a whole world-wide ministry, a personal contact of about ten million people, I couldn't do that. 'Cause we had one phone. We counted once the calls come on on this one phone, and they was averaging, I believe it was, around twenty or thirty long distance calls per hour. See? So you see, you just, you couldn't answer it all and get to it.

L-13 But I'll say one thing, I do everything I can. They write those requests down. If I... As many as I can call back, I do, and pray over every one of them, and everything I can do. And we pray for little cloths and send them out. If you want one... Everything we have is free, so just send and get it. Now, we're not wanting your address. As I said, I have a hard time getting help to even answer letters. Now, you'll get a--a slip that's made up, a mimeographed slip, on what to do, how to go to your pastor, when you get this little cloth. How many believes in that, handkerchiefs and aprons, Acts 19? And that's--that's the greatest part of my ministry is that.

L-14 And I always referred this, it seems so strange. There was a little woman in Germany got one here, about a year or two ago. Oh, she had translated on the back, the translator did, in English, so I could read it. She'd been crippled in a wheelchair for about fifteen years. And she got this, and she read how she must call the pastor, and if there was no pastor, call some Christians, then confess everything that she had everything that she'd ever done wrong, and make it right with God. And then, lay that up over her heart, pin it on her underneath garment, and then have faith. So when she got all this done... Her pastor was there. And she put it her heart. She said, "Now, old man devil, you have had me long enough. Get away." Up she got, and went walking on. That--that's just how--how simple it was: perfectly healed, normal. It's just your simple faith in believing.

L-15 People try to make faith too complicated. It's not complicated. It's just simple, childlike faith. You know, the blood in the Old Testament was applied by hyssop. You've heard that many times. You know what hyssop is? Just common weeds. You find it anywhere. Down in Egypt, and so forth, it grows out of the adobe, cracks in the building, where the--the wind had packed the seed. They get that, the little, kind of a little diamond shaped leaf; has a flower on it. Just hyssop; common. What does it mean? You don't have to have any super faith to apply the Blood of Jesus Christ: Just common faith, believe it. That's all. And remember, the Word of God will defeat Satan anywhere, any time, on any grounds. That's right. The Word of God will defeat Satan.

L-16 Now, the question, or the thing I wanted to ask you. I face many hard difficults in foreign fields, challenged by--by every kind of devil doctrine that could be thought of. When the winds are blowing real hard and hot, missionaries standing, wanting to see what's fixing to happen, they--all the witch doctors around, can I remember at Richmond, Virginia, you're praying for me? Can I remember that? That's what I depend on. God bless you. I'll be depending on that. I'll always remember Richmond, this fine little group. Now, next week we are up here in Middletown, Ohio. And then to all your invitations... This brother... Some... One of the brothers was here somewhere. I just picked it up. I seen it while ago when my field secretary gave it to me of coming back, up above here, at this Washington, DC again. Now, we may be able to catch that pretty soon. I felt little touching on that, at the Washington, DC maybe, before going overseas. So we may be able to get that.

L-17 And to the brother, I don't guess he's here, was in the meeting yesterday, about down in Carolina. I have got to go to Florida, the Christian Business Men's convention; I'm to speak in that at--in July, I believe, the first, second, third, and fourth, at Miami, and then perhaps going down, I may be able to catch that, one of them there in Carolina, as I go down, 'cause they come over on highway One to go down. The Lord bless you. I could just talk to you all afternoon, but you got to go to church tonight. And I hope you do, and 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min have a great great meeting. Now, let us once more bow our heads to God.

L-18 Father, we're fixing to turn back the pages of this Book. And we read in the Bible where we seen this Book in the right hand of Him that set upon the Throne. And there was nobody that was able to take the Book, or to loose the Seals, or even to look upon. But there came a Lamb that had been slain since the foundation of the world. And He took the Book out of the right hand of Him that set upon the throne. And He opened the Book and the Seals. We would pray today, Father... We know any man that's physically able to raise his hand could turn the pages of this Book. But there's no one can open It, but that same Lamb. We pray that He will grant it this afternoon, that He will come and open this Gospel to us. And when we leave this afternoon, and the services is closed, may we say, like those coming from Emmaus that day, "Did not our hearts burn within us as He spoke to us along the way?" For we ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen. The Lord bless you.

L-19 And now, you that keep the Scripture record of where we speak of, if you would turn to the 22nd chapter of Genesis and the 14th verse... And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah-jireh: as it is said unto this day, In the mount of the Lord it shall be seen. Jehovah-jireh. God has seven compound redemptive names. And Jehovah-jireh is His first, "The Lord will provide a sacrifice." Jehovah-rapha, "The Lord that healeth all thy diseases." And Jehovah, "Thy banner and thy shield," and so forth. He's got seven compound redemptive Names. And those Names are inseparable.

L-20 The night, when that picture was taken you have here now, that's became world famous around the world, of that Pillar of Fire that was standing where I was at. And the... They taken it many, many times, but we wouldn't let it be published until it was authentic. Like a testimony of some healing. You noticed in the Christian Business Men, the little book that was given out to you here of Christian Business Men Voice, about the dead being raised. We cannot say that 'less there signed certificate by the doctor. See? And that has to be proven before you can put it in print, anything like that, because it's unlawful to do so. So these things are authentic.

L-21 And now, that Pillar of Fire that's in the picture, the night that It was taken, was at--at the Houston, at the San Houston Coliseum. We'd been having about a eight thousand at the music hall. We went over there that night with about thirty-two thousand. But they'd asked me, for a Baptist minister, to hold a debate with him on Divine healing. I don't debate with people. I don't believe in fussing with people. The Gospel wasn't made to fuss about. Oh, when I was first ordained to the Baptist church, I thought I was the defender of that faith. So I find out, "No man can come to Me except My Father draws him. And all the Father has given Me, will come." So see, why... You--you--you argue with people, they are set in their ways, or they wouldn't be arguing. So then, you--you just don't make them any better.

L-22 So he wanted me to take one night to debate. And then the--the "Houston Chronicle," or I believe, that was the name of the paper. They wrote it up. And he put a paid ad in there, and said showed what we was made out of. We was afraid to face the Gospel by the Word of God. So Dr. F. F. Bosworth, he was then about eighty years old; he come up there. And reporters was waiting said what I was going to say about it. And I said, "I do not argue." I... That... I've just got so many nights to be here, and I've got two more nights left. And there's tens of thousands of people here to be prayed for, why would I waste a night just on some critic? Let him go ahead. Jesus said, 'Let them alone. The blind leads the blind, won't they fall in the ditch?'" I said, "Here's thousands that does believe it. Why fool with one that don't believe it (See?) and waste all that time."

L-23 Brother Bosworth, I'll never forget the... He's in glory today; eighty years old. And Dr. Best, of the Baptist tabernacle there, was just a--out of school, and about thirty years old, with all of his degrees, and so forth. And Brother Bosworth said, "Well, Brother Branham, if you don't want to do it, let me do it." I thought of old Caleb, "Let me take 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min this mountain." I said, "If you promise you won't argue." He said, "I promise." And away he went. And here, the next day, 'course you know how that papers can play it up: "Ecclesiastical fur's going to fly." So then that drawed out a great group.

L-24 And that's one time, brethren, where I found out that all the Pentecostals will be one accord someday. I don't care how many humpback camels they were riding, one, two, three, four, they were all there, because the one thing in common. Divine healing was at stake, and they all believed that. Yes, sir. And here they all were. And that night when Dr. Best got up, he wanted Brother Bosworth to come first. And Brother Bosworth said, "I have six hundred questions wrote out here on paper. Doctor Best, if these questions prove that Christ's attitude today towards the sick, is just like it was when He was here on earth. If you can take one of these questions and disprove it by the Bible, then I'll go over and set down, and--and we'll call the debate yours." That's a pretty broad statement, but he... That boy knowed not to fool with that fellow.

L-25 Oh, he said--he said, "I'll take care of that when I get up there. I'll take care of that when I get there." He said, "Then, Mr. Best," asked the moderator, said, "I'll ask you one question. You answer it, 'yes,' or, 'no,' and I'll set down if you'll just say, 'yes,' or 'no.'" And moderator, he said he would. He said, "Was the seven compound redemptive Names of Jehovah applied to Jesus, yes, or no?" Oh, my. Now, I was not supposed to be there, but I was setting up in about the tenth balcony up there somewhere, with my coat up; two policemen standing up above me like that, my brother, and wife, and my little daughter, setting there. I tell you. I felt shivers run over. I never thought of that 'fore in my life. He couldn't answer that one. See?

L-26 If the compound redemptive Name of Jehovah wasn't applied to Jesus, He wasn't Jehovah-jireh, the Lord's provided Sacrifice; He wasn't the Saviour. No, sir. And if it was applied to Him, then He's Jehovah-rapha just the same as He's Jehovah-jireh, because the Names is inseparable. Jehovah, the Healer, the same as it is the saviour, that settled it. Oh. Then he got up, and he said, "I'll take care..." He wouldn't answer him "yes," or "no." So... He couldn't answer him. So I thought, "The gallant, that old man standing there." So then he got up there, and then he preached a real good Campbellite sermon. Now, I was rocked in a Baptist cradle; I know what they believe. So he never preached the Baptist doctrine; he preached Divine healing in the millennium. How would you need Divine healing in the millennium when they got a glorified body? Oh, what he--what he...?... How people will try to scruple up the Scriptures just because they don't know Them, or won't let the Holy Spirit lead them to it. That's right.

L-27 So then, when he got through, he said to... He had some photographers of the Douglas Studios; he said, "I want you to take six pictures of me." They said, he said, "I'm going to skin that old man, Bosworth, and hang his hide on my study door for a memorial to Divine healing." That attitude showed that there was something lacking down here to a Christian brother. But the Lord is out Defense. And he took his fist like this, and he said, "Now, take it like this." And they took it. They took six pictures. Now, when I come to the platform, if you notice, if they ever start to take... They won't let them take pictures on the account of the... The Light that I watch is a light; It's a light too. So--so af...

L-28 So after while, he said... Mr. Best, they had a...?... lens. So then he said, "Nobody believes in Divine healing but a bunch of holy-rollers." And said, "Nobody would believe such a stuff as that." Mr. Bosworth said, "Mr. Best, I--I beg your pardon. All churches believe in Divine healing if they believe the Bible." And he said, "Well," he said, "a--a good Baptist wouldn't believe such stuff as that." He said, "Just a moment, Mr. Best." He said to the moderator, "Can I have the mike a minute?" He said he could. Said, "All people in this auditorium," about twenty-two thousand people; he said, "all you people in here that belongs to these Baptist churches, with these Baptist ministers, setting here that's members of these Baptist churches could show by a certificate that you have been healed by Divine healing since Brother Branham's been here, stand on your feet." 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min And three hundred and something stood up. What about that?

L-29 He set there. Then he said, "Bring forth that healer. Let me see him perform. Let... Bring for... Let me see him. He can't hypnotize me," like that. And he started off the platform. He said, "Let me see him perform." Said, "Shame on you, Mr. Best. You shouldn't say that." So he started off the platform. And he said, "Now, I know Brother Branham is here." Said, "If he wants to dismiss the audience, all right." Said, "If you want to..." He knowed where I was at, so he seen me. So I said... I... He... And I just set still. And so he said, "Brother Branham, I know you're listening at me. If you want to come." And everybody was looking around. Said, "If you want to come," said, "you can come and dismiss the audience." And I just set still. And after while I... My brother setting there said, "Set still." I said, "Ain't I setting still?"

L-30 So then, just about that time, I heard Something. I looked up, and there was that Light hanging above me. I raised up to go down. My wife setting back there said to Howard, my brother, said, "Don't stay...?... there It is." So about five hundred ushers put there hands together. And people, little babies trying to touch you. You know how it is. And so, it's pitiful. And as we went down to the platform, I said, "Now, if it's the visions in question, my commission from God," I said, "Mr. Best said I was a healer." And then he run up on the platform, said, "As a man, I admire you, but as in doctrine it's rotten."

L-31 I said, "I can pass the same compliments." And so then, we just... He went on. And--and so we... He set down. I said, "Don't anyone think evil of the man now. He's an American. He has a right, that's..." The Korean war was going on then. I said... "He... That's what our boys are fighting at, freedom of religion." I said, "But we just disagree upon Scriptures. But maybe..." I said, "I thought he was sincere until he tried to rob those people there that's got... He said he felt sorry for them laying there on those cots, and now he's trying to take away from them the only hope that they've got left. The doctors has give them up. And there's hundreds setting there that has been healed in the last two weeks here. And here these people, trying to rob them from the only hope that they have to make some kind of a scrupled up, uncouth doctrine to be right." I said, "I don't think he's sincere. He couldn't be in doing that."

L-32 So then I said, "But I speak, I'm just a man. But the commission, God will vindicate that." And no more than I said that, here He come, circling down like that. People begin fainting, screaming, and everything. They taken the picture of it. Mr. Ayers, the one that taken it was a Catholic. Seems strange, but he was working with a man, Jew, by the name of Kipperman. And when they seen, he took one over there, and put the acids in, and tested, brought out the negatives. And every one of them pictures with Mr. Best shaking his fist under that saintly old man's nose; every one of them was blank, didn't take at all. God would not permit them to be taken. But when they shot the picture, there was the Angel of the Lord standing there.

L-33 They took it before, to send it here to Washington, DC, and copyright it, brought it back, and called George J. Lacy. He's the head of the FBI on fingerprint and documents. And they took it and examined it for about five days. And we met in the Houston Shell building there. And they... And so they said, "Whose name is Branham?" And I told him, "Mine." and stood up. Said, "You are going to pass out of life like all men." I said, "I'm... I know that." But said, "As long as there's a Christian civilization, this picture will never die." He said, "It's been said by the old hypocrite," he meant the unbeliever, he said, "that a supernatural could never be scientifically proven." He said, "Mr. Branham, I said it was psychology, that you were reading people's minds." He said, "But Mr. Branham, the mechanical eye of that camera won't take psychology. The light struck the lens." That's right. And so it's been done many many times since then.

L-34 What's the nature of it? It's Jesus. Look. How many believes that Jesus Christ was the Angel of the Covenant, that Pillar of Fire that led the children of Israel? If you believe the Bible, He said, "I am the I AM." So that... He was the I AM. 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min Now, watch. He was on earth, and He said, "I came from God, and I return to God." Is that right? "I come from God; I go to God." After His death, burial, and resurrection... Now, watch what that Light did when It was in Jesus, the sign, how He looked out, and perceived their thoughts, and told them who they were, and what... so forth, proving He was the Messiah. Now, when that... After His death, burial, and resurrection, He returned back to God the Father.

L-35 And Paul, on his road down to Damascus, a great big Light flashed out and blinded him. Is that right? And He said, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou Me?" He said, "Who are You, Lord?" He said, "I'm Jesus." Is that right? He went to God: come from God and went to God. Peter, in the prison that night, that Light came in the prison, opened the doors before him: the Angel of the Lord. And that's always Jesus Christ, the Angel of the Covenant, of course. And now today, if It's returned back for the first time in all of the history of photography, and it was taken... Germany asked if they could take it.

L-36 I said, "Perhaps so." Many of you all perhaps have seen that come across, where Germany had set up the big camera, and took the picture, coming down when It was anointing. What It was telling the fellow, I was talking to him. And then when It went back away... They took It in California here a few weeks ago, the most outstanding one you ever seen. What is it? It proves that that same God is with His church today, dwelling among us, bringing forth the same life that was in Christ is in the church. Amen. I could get on... off my sermon now, don't I? Jehovah-jireh. Let's take this. This was given to Abraham. And I'll kinda hit the high spots of it so we can be out of here by four o'clock, if possible now. And now, I want you to listen close. Give me your undivided attention.

L-37 Jehovah-jireh, the Lord will provide for Himself a sacrifice. Let's go back and get a little of Abraham. Abraham was the one that the promise was made to. And we can only be saved as we become Abraham's seed, 'cause Abraham and his seed was the one the promise was given to. Is that right, brethren? Abraham and his seed after him... Now, let's go back to Genesis 12. I see so many of you marking it down. Genesis 12, we--we meet up with Abraham for the first time. And God called Abraham. He was just an ordinary man, come down from--from the tower of Babel with his father, and dwelt in the city of the Chaldeans, and the land--the land of Chaldeans, the city of Ur in the plains; perhaps lived an ordinary life.

L-38 And he was a man sixty-five years old before God, or seventy-five years old before God ever spoke to him. Now, that gives us old people a little courage, doesn't it? Seventy-five... And Sarah was his half sister, and he had married her when she was about eighteen years old. And they had no children. She was barren; he was sterile. So they had no children. And she was sixty-five years old, and he was seventy-five. Now, at sixty-five she'd be about fifteen years past menopause. So she was--she was barren, and he was also infertile. Then they... There was no way for them to have children, but God met him, and told him, and blessed him, and gave him the covenant, and told him that he was going to have a child by Sarah; and through that child would bless all nations, through his Seed.

L-39 Now, if you notice, now I have to get on a little bit of teaching here now, but I don't mean to--for controversy. But if you'll notice that the covenant was given to Abraham and his seed. Now, not seeds, but Seed of Abraham; the Seed of Abraham. And the Scripture says, "We that are in Christ are Abraham's seed and are heirs with him according to the promise." Now, how do you become Abraham's seed? When you take off Christ by the Holy Spirit baptism, that's the only way you can be Abraham's seed, 'cause that plants in you the faith that Abraham had. Now, Abraham, many people thinks, was a Jew. He was not. He was a Gentile. But now, but Abraham, and... Let's say it together: Abraham and his Seed. The covenant was made by them.

L-40 Abraham and his Seed, so let's say we are Abraham's seed. How many is in Christ? Raise your hand. Then according to this blessed Book, you're Abraham's seed, and you're joint heirs, and you're heir with Abraham of all the possessions that God give to the people. You are Abraham's seed. Then you must have Abraham's faith in order to be 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min Abraham's seed. You get it? Oh, I hope so. Notice. Now, the covenant was made to Abraham unconditionally. Now, He made a covenant with Adam, "If you'll do a certain thing, I'll do a certain thing." And man always breaks his promise to God, his covenant, always. But this covenant, do you see it? It was to Abraham and his seed, unconditionally, not, "if you will," "I have." Notice it? To Abraham's seed, not to the outside world now, to Abraham and his seed the covenant was unconditionally, not, "if you will, I will," but, "I have already for you." Therefore, prove it this afternoon; God don't have to come down and perform another operation to get you healed. He's already healed you. He was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed. You're already healed. The only thing you have to do is just receive it. If you just don't reach up and get it... You're Abraham's seed, then you believe it, and it's already there. So there is no--there is no doubting of it. It's already there; it's yours. Oh, my. I wished I could--wished I could strike fire, just like pouring--throwing a match on gun powder. Look. You see what I mean?

L-41 It's already yours. It belongs to you, for you're Abraham's seed, if you've received the Holy Ghost. You're sealed. You're dead, and your life is hid in Christ through God, sealed by the Holy Ghost. How long? Until the next revival? Until the day of your redemption. Ephesians 4:30, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit whereby you're sealed until the day of your redemption." 'Fore a car can be sealed, a box car, just every thing's got to be fit in there good and tight. That's the reason so many don't get the Holy Ghost: too loose. Like the eagle taking its little ones up, she fans all the loose feathers out of it, 'fore she gets him up there, or he'd break his neck. See? Now, a crow would never fly with an eagle. God likens His prophets to eagles. He's a eagle Himself. A crow could never fly, follow an eagle. Oh, if a hawk would try it, he'd disintegrate in the air. Well, sure. A eagle is a special-made bird, so he has to have special feathers, and special eyes to climb up, way up, way above anything else. That's the way God's people does. God's eaglets, they climb way, and know they're Abraham's seed, believe anything, no matter what the circumstances, they're away from the earth. They're way up high in the atmosphere.

L-42 Oh, lift me up above the shadows, give me fellowship with Thee. That's right. Plant my feet on higher grounds. Take me up, Lord. Let me stand by faith, on heaven's table land. A higher plane than I have found; Lord, lift my feet to higher ground, way up. Abraham and his seed after him... The covenant was absolutely unconditionally to both Abraham and his seed after him. Now, that's wonderful. Now, did...

L-43 What did Abraham do? Abraham believed God. Now, how's He going to do it, and him a ninety--seventy-five years old? And how's he going to have this baby by his--his wife is now sixty-five years old. And could you imagine, an old couple like that going down to the doctor and saying, "Doctor, I want you to make a room at the hospital; my wife's going to have a baby." "How old are you, sir?" "I'm seventy-five." "How old is she?" "Sixty-five." "Poor old fellow." See?

L-44 Well, any man that ever takes God by His Word, they'll say the same thing about you. "For all that lives godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution," Jesus said. Now, you're misunderstood because these are American, German, Switzerland, but you're from heaven. You've been born from up there; therefore, you believe what God said. Now, notice this. Could you imagine that old couple, as I repeat again in saying, Abraham said, "Sarah (after the first twenty-eight days, you know), how you feeling, dear?" "Honey, there's not a bit of difference." 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min

L-45 "Glory to God, we're going to have it anyhow. That's right. Get the little booties ready. And get the birdeye and the pins, and get everything ready. We're going to have it." "How do you know?" "Abra... Abraham, what do you mean by that?" "God said so. That's enough. That's--that's all I need to know. God said so." Well, a year passed. "Honey, anything different?" "Not a bit." "Glory to God, it's a bigger a miracle now. It's a year later." After while, twenty-five years lapsed. The Bible said he got stronger and stronger. And we say we're Abraham's seed: we're prayed for, the next day, "How you feeling?" "I don't... I guess I didn't get it. Don't feel any better." Abraham's seed. Oh, my. See what I mean? Abraham's seed is scarce.

L-46 Abraham's seed... Now, let's not profess something 'less we really possess it. You see? Abraham's seed... When Abraham's seed takes a hold of a promise of God, it's there to stay, no matter what happens. There's nothing will never move them. And if it lingers, they get stronger. And he kept giving God more praise all the time. After twenty-five years, now he's a hundred years old, and she's ninety. "How you feeling, dear?" "No different." "But glory to God, we'll have it anyhow. Just keep the dust off the booties and things--and things, it's coming." "How do you know?" "God said so. That settles it. God told me so. That's all of it."

L-47 Now, that's the way Abraham's seed is. If you're heirs of Abraham, you have that kind of faith. Are you Abraham's seed? Let's say, "Amen." Sure, we are Abraham's seed. Certainly we are. God help our unbelief. That's right. Now, everything ready, making ready for it. Now, that was in the 12th chapter of Genesis. Now, in the 15th chapter of Genesis God confirmed this covenant with him. Now, it's about many years later. So one day God was talking to Abraham, and He said, "Abraham, I'm going to confirm this. I'm going--I'm going to give you a sign." God always gives signs. "These signs shall follow them that believe; they shall shake hands with the pastor, and put their name on the book." That might be in the almanac, but not in the Bible. See? That's right. Yeah.

L-48 "These signs shall follow them that believe; In My Name they shall cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; if they should take up a serpent, or drink a deadly thing, it would not harm them; if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." These signs shall follow believers. That's... Hands laid on that believer, that believer says, "Amen. I'm Abraham's seed. I believe it." Then he works all right, comes to pass. Now, these signs... Abraham said to God, "How will I know this?" He said, "Abraham, go, get Me a she goat, and a heifer, and a ram, make a sacrifice." And Abraham cut them apart, killed them, put them apart, took a turtledove and a young pigeon, and throwed it in, and made a--and made a--a sacrifice unto the Lord. And when he did, he waited there, and kept the birds off the--the food until the sun was going down. And when the sun was going down, there come a great deep sleep upon Abraham. That sleep is that eternal sleep, spoke of it: all men must die. And a horrible horror of darkness before him, where smoking furnace, where every man that's born in this world comes to the world shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies, a liar, an ungodly, a reprobate, as soon as he's born.

L-49 So we don't... We're born; we don't even have a chance with--outside the Blood of Jesus Christ. And then, that hell we deserve it every one of us. But beyond that went a little white Light, that went in between these divided pieces of sacrifice. Now, if we had time, I'd like to tell you what each of those represented, the she goat, and the ram, and the heifer. And 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min did you notice, he didn't separate the two turtledoves? They represent Divine healing. See? So he never separated them, never cut them apart. But as this little Light went between that--them two, He was confirming the covenant to Abraham, what He would do with him and his seed, and how the seed would come, and how He'd keep His promise. It was a contract being signed. Now, what did He mean?

L-50 Now, we take here in America, if I was going to say that--that brother here, one of these brothers and I were going to make a--a contract or an agreement. A covenant is an agreement. If we were going to make a covenant with each other, we'd set down and talk it over with each other, maybe write out our contract, whatever it was, have a bit to eat together; and we'd shake one another's hand, say, "Put it here. We--we'll--we'll agree to do this." That's a covenant in America. Now, if we was in Japan, a covenant in Japan, they make an agreement, and then they get some salt and throw salt on one another. That's a custom in Japan, making a covenant. But in the days of Abraham in the orients, how they made a covenant, they cut a--killed an animal, and cut it apart, and then they wrote up their agreement on this--this parchment, or their lambskin. And then they stand in there and take an oath by this dead beast sacrifice, if one ever breaks it, may their body be as that broken beast's body. And then they tear this apart. One man takes one piece, and one the other. And where that writing was, it can never be dovetailed, unless this same piece comes back to put it together again. Because when it tears, it rips back and forth, and so forth as it tears across that lambskin, where the writing is.

L-51 Then they kept--keep that, and then the only way that this covenant is kept, is when--brought to pass is when they come back; each piece of this parchment must meet together, dovetail perfectly to make the agreement just exactly the same. Now, you say, "What was God doing then there, Brother Branham?" Here's what He was showing through Abraham's seed. Abraham said, "I go childless," 15th chapter of Genesis, "and I don't have an heir, and that's this Eliezer of Damascus." And He said, "It'll not be him. But the covenant, the one that I make the covenant with, comes out of your own bowels. It'll be by you and Sarah," in other words, "is the one that I'll make it." And now remember, he's a real old man.

L-52 Now, what was He showing? That through Abraham come the promised one, Isaac. And through Isaac come Jesus. And through Jesus... Isaac, he was only a father of Israel, but through Jesus He's the father of every nation, all the seed of Abraham. And how did He confirm it? Showing what He would do by the sacrifice. Now, Jesus became that Sacrifice. And he went to Calvary, and God tore Him apart on Calvary, tore His soul, and Spirit from His body, and raised up His body on the third day, and set it on His own right hand, and sent back the same Spirit was upon Him, to work in His church to call Abraham's seed. Can't you see it, it's the baptism of the Holy Ghost? That's the confirmation, confirming it.

L-53 Now, the church that professes to be a Christian church, will have to have that same Spirit that was in Jesus Christ. For at the resurrection of the church, Christ and His Bride will come together and dovetail. The writings and promises of God will be made fulfilled there. So it cannot come together unless the same Spirit was in Christ is in you and me. And then if that same Spirit is in there, It'll do the same works, and live the same kind of a separated life, and do the works that He did. The Bible said so, all the way to Genesis confirms it. Genesis is the seed chapter. "Genesis" means "beginning." Here it is confirming. Would that not make us all happy? Would not that make a sinner... It ought to be striking. It ought to make a church member come to Christ and stay until he's filled with the Holy Ghost. It's the only promise of the rapture, the only way that the church and Christ can come together, the very Spirit.

L-54 When God made His first man in the garden of Eden, did you notice, He made him both male and female? He was a man made in God's image, a Spirit. He put him in flesh, Genesis, the next chapter, after He already made him, male and female. And there still was no man to till the soil. So then He created man out of the dust of the earth, not in His image, but then God came down in the form of man by Jesus Christ, to redeem the man that fell from the image of the earth. And he was made in the image of the earth. O God, can't you see what Gospel means? When God became man, so man became God; we're sons and daughters of 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min God.

L-55 Now, this first man, Adam, look at him. In spirit he was both feminish and masculine. And then he was made flesh. And he had no helpmate. Then God... A woman is not in the original creation of God. She's a byproduct of the man. So to make them one, to show what He did, He opened up the side of Adam, and took a part of Adam's flesh (so that they wouldn't be separated, they'd be one), and took part of Adam's spirit, part of Adam's flesh, took the feminish spirit off of Adam and made an Eve. And when you see a woman, the way some of our modern women, hair cuts like men, smoke like men, cuss like men... You see a woman that wants to be masculine, there's a perversion there somewhere. And when you see a man sissified with a--look like a duck setting on the back of his head, and so forth like that, and wants to wear women's clothes all the time, there's something perverted there somewhere. God made men to be men, and women to be women. The Bible said...

L-56 One day I was speaking against women wearing shorts, and a woman said to me, "I don't wear them." I said, "What's that you got on?" She said... What is them things? Pedal pushers, or ever what it was, like that. I said... No, dungarees... I said, "It's... That's worse than ever. The Bible said it's an abomination for a woman to put on a garment that pertains to a man." That's right. Up in Klamath Falls, recently, a lady wrote me a big long letter. She said, "What about a woman then out riding horses in a mosquito infested area, out there riding, rounding up the cattle? What do you think about her wearing a dress out there? Or when she's in the garden, when she has to stoop over and pull up things from the garden?"

L-57 I said, "My mother and my wife both wear dresses, and they had no trouble. They wear them long enough when they stoop down, that's all of it." Then I said, "Another thing, on--out there on a horse, riding a horse, a woman ain't got no business out there. That's what the ruin of our nation today, is women trying to take men's jobs. She's trying to be a man; and a man's wanting to be a woman. God made them different." Right. Got no business being like that. She's out of her category. And a man's out of his category. Oh, my. Stop clock. Notice. God made them different. And he made a covenant with Adam. He made a covenant with Eve. But you see, He made them one. They are no longer twain, but one.

L-58 Now, so is the church and Christ. God never said just go make an organization called the so-and-so, or go educate them this. He took His Own Son, and from His heart, three elements came from His body. Excuse me, sisters, I want to make a point. In a natural birth what is the first thing happens in a normal birth? Water, next, blood. What's next? Life. That's the same thing that constitutes the new birth. What was the thing come out of Jesus' side? Water, Blood, "And into Thy hands I commend My Spirit." Saint John, or I John 5:7 said, "There are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, which was the Son, and the Holy Ghost. These three are one." You can't have the Father without having the Son. You can't have the Son without having the Holy Ghost. "These three are one."

L-59 And there's three that bear record in earth, the water, the Blood, and the Spirit; there are not one, but they agree in one. You can be justified without being sanctified. You can be sanctified without receiving the Holy Ghost. See what I mean? Luther preached justification. Wesley had sanctification, Pentecost, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Just like the seed planted: stalk, tassel, ear; everything in the world types right to it. Right. Now, God tore Christ apart, sent down His Spirit, called the Holy Spirit. "A little while, and the world seeth Me no more; yet ye will see Me: for I ('I,' is a personal pronoun) will be with you, even in you to the end of the world," not just down for a certain age, but to the end of the world. "Go ye into all the world." How long is these signs to follow? All the world. Mark 16. "Go ye into all the world, preach the Gospel to every creature." It has never happened yet. How long will these signs follow? Until it's over. "Go into all the world, preach the Gospel to every creature. These signs shall follow them (creatures) that believe." Get it?

L-60 Now. Notice, that was the 15th chapter. Now, let's go to the 17th chapter. Now, God appeared to Abraham in another Name. 17th chapter He appeared to him in the Name of "El Shaddai" the Hebrew word, God Almighty, El 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min Shaddai. Now, "Shad," means "breast" like the mother, woman. "Shaddai" is in the plural, "breasted." Now, what was He doing with Abraham here? Now, He had give him the covenant in Genesis 12, unconditionally. Genesis 15, He confirmed it to him, what He was going do, and how He was going do it. Now, in Genesis 17 Abraham now is ninety and nine years old, right at a hundred. That'd make Sarah eighty-nine. Now, the Bible said that his body was as good as dead. Sarah's womb was dead. But He appeared to him in the Name of El-Shaddai, "the Breasted-One," insomuch as to say, "Abraham, I am the Breasted God," not breast, "breasted," two of them. He was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed: New and Old Testament. In other words, when a little baby is fretting and sick, the mother picks up the little fellow and puts her up to her breast, and the little baby draws its strength from the mother.

L-61 "And nearly... Abraham you're old; you're a hundred years old; and your strength is gone. But I am the One that made the promise. I am your Breast. Just lean right on My promise and keep nursing." And another thing the baby is satisfied as long as it's nursing from the mother. The little fellow's not fretting any more; as soon as he goes to nursing his mother, he's satisfied. And He is the Satisfier, the strong One, the Nurturer, the strength-Giver. The little baby lays upon its mothers breast, satisfied, nursing itself back to strength and health. Now, that's to Abraham and to his seed.

L-62 Now, if you're sick today, and the doctor says, "Sister, I hate to tell you; you got heart trouble. Your--your heart is very bad." "Brother, you--you got cancer; there ain't nothing my medical science shows that we--we can't... just advanced... There's nothing we can do." And you're Abraham's seed, and Something keeps telling you, "I've got more life to live." What is it? It's God trying to say, "Come up to Me. You're the seed of Abraham. I'm your Strength-Giver. I'm your Satisfier." "How long will it take?"

L-63 Well, what if that baby leaves its mothers breast and won't nurse any more? It'll die. And when we take God as our Healer and then say, "Oh, well, maybe I was wrong." No, Abraham's children doesn't do that. They hold right onto that promise, and nurse from it. If it's salvation, the Holy Ghost, "He was wounded for our transgressions." If it's healing for the body, "by His stripes we were healed." He's the Breasted God. What a... He... What was He doing? He was getting Abraham in condition to receive the miracle that was fixing to happen. Now, turn over another page to Genesis 18. Now, we find in Genesis 18, there was a great sign given him. Now, remember, God told Abraham in Genesis 12, also, to separate himself from all of his people, all of his kindred, and to sojourn with Him as a stranger in a strange land.

L-64 Now, God wants separators. Now, the people wants mixers. Oh, my. Today they got to have a little Hollywood guy, you know, and--and, you know, and all this, and there has got a lot of flowers, and just color up. They don't want the old fashion preacher that lays it right on the hewing line. They won't have it. He's a fanatic. He's a holy-roller. That's what they want. They want mixers, somebody that'll go swimming with them, and somebody will play bunco with them, and somebody will go to dances, and not fanatics. See, they don't want that. But God wants separators. Separate yourself. The very word "church" means, "separated, called out." "Come out from among them," saith God, "and I'll receive you and touch not their unclean thing." Separators... Oh, Christians. Separate yourself from everything of the world, brother, sister. Get away from the things of the world: separate.

L-65 Now, Abraham had... Until he fully obeyed that, God never did bless him. He took his father with him. He took Lot, his nephew. And what did it do? The old man was the fly in the ointment as long as he was along. Finally he died. And then Lot, they was fussing, and fighting, and scrambling over herds and grounds and so forth, until Lot separated himself and went down into Sodom. He took the way down, the easy way, a few extra dollars, and see what it cost him? He wanted to be popular. He became the mayor of the city. So he was down there. He wanted to have a big name. There's so many people that wants big names, big things. It takes a monkey to jump after shiny things and things like 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min that. Yes, sir. Did you ever notice a monkey? Anything that shines he will jump at it. See? Then...

L-66 Now, you notice Lot; he thought, "Maybe, if I go down there in Sodom, I'll become a great man. My name will be known." Sure. Look at it today what it's known as. And Mrs. Lot, she kept up on all the styles, and fashions, and so forth. Look at her today, standing there in the field as a pillar of salt. Yeah. But Sarah, took her way with her own husband, the way with the Lord's despised few, to walk in fellowship with God, had the hard places. Then one day when Abraham was setting out... The land was barren. Sometimes we think that those things are curses. No, if you know your heart's right with God, no matter what happens, stay right with it. Abraham and Sarah, probably hot weather, and cattle was all thin and everything. And then one day Abraham was setting under the oak tree about noontime, in the 16th chapter, or the 18th chapter, rather, of Genesis. And God had got enough of that Sodom and Gomorrah, just like He's got of this world today; enough of their foolishness. So He's going to come down to destroy it.

L-67 So He was going to give them a sign that that was going to be destroyed. So Abraham was setting there under the oak, and he looked and he seen three Men coming. And They come up to where he was. He ran to meet Them, and he said, "My--my Lord," now somebody was trying to tell me that was Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. See? That's a lie. He never said, "My lords." He said, "My Lord." Lot later called them two preachers that went down there, cap, not capital L, little l. "My lords, have you come to me," that... backslidden Lot. So he said, "My lords." But when Abraham met the three, he said, "My Lord," capital L-o-r-d, Elohim, Lord. Three of Them was standing there, but he said, "My Lord."

L-68 Now, when They come up, he said, "Come by, and set down, and--and let me fetch a little water, and wash your feet, and--and refresh Yourself, and take a morsel of bread, and then You could go off, for You stopped by to see Your servant." All right. When They come up, said, "So do it." So they walked over and set down. And Abraham run into the tent, the master tent, the big tent where he lived; probably servants all camped around a village of them. So he run back to the big main tent, and he said, "Sarah, knead three measures of meal, right quick, and bake them upon the hearth." And he--he run out into the herd, got a real fat calf and he give it to his servant to dress. He said, "Make it ready right quick."

L-69 And they made it ready, and he come out, and he fed these three Men. What was it? Veal, the calf, fed them milk, and bread, and butter. And They all set and eat, all of Them. And yet, One of them Jehovah God. Right. Abraham talked to Him. Wouldn't doubt the Scriptures would you? He said He was Elohim. That's right. God, mentioned about six or seven times, right along in a row. Elohim, that's who He was. Someone said to me one time, said, "You don't believe that was God?" I said, "Sure, I believe it was God. Abraham said it was. The Bible said it was. And my faith is built on God's Word." Said, "How could God be made flesh?" I said, "Same as He was when He was in Jesus Christ. He was made flesh." Certainly He was. When He was in Melchisedec He was made flesh. Certainly He was. King of peace, King of Salem, without father, without mother, no beginning of days, or ending of years, certainly. Ending of life, rather. Sure He was.

L-70 Now, here He is among His church today, made flesh in His church, certainly, Elohim. Now, oh, if you could only realize that you men, you were made to be an amateur god. You're a son of God. You're an heir of God, and you have a domain. Genesis 1:26, He give him dominion over everything in the earth. He made him a god over the earth. That's right. He give him a domain. He's a king, god. And where he got his fall. He could speak to the trees, "Be changed, be plucked up and set over here," to the winds and waves, "Be still," and it'd stopped. He was god, a amateur god, a son of God, like you're a son of your father. And all the world is groaning, waiting for the manifestations of the sons of God, waiting for the church to get back in its place again, sons of God to be made manifest, waiting for that hour. Hope that don't hurt, but I just had to say it. See? The church is so far away from its place. It needs to be back to be sons of God again: rulers, governors of the earth, under the spiritual reign it will be someday, when the chief One comes, Jesus Christ, the great millennium. Nature's 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min groaning for that day.

L-71 Now, we find here that this Man as soon as they talked to Abraham, I want you to notice. Two of Them went down into Sodom to see if they could find as many as ten righteous people in that en... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]...ation of people. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] They couldn't do it. But One stayed behind. Now, don't miss this. One stayed behind and talked to Abraham. The One that stayed behind give Abraham a sign. And Jesus referred to that sign and said it would be the same in the Gentile day. Now, we've been taking all through the week, what Jesus was, showing His Messiah sign to the people, but He never one time did that before Gen... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]...?... just as they'd four thousand years. But now, we are the ones that's looking for a coming Messiah. Now, He's got to do the same thing.

L-72 Now, watch what this One done, the One that stayed behind with Abraham. He gave him a sign. And watch what the sign was. Now, Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom..." Now, spiritual minds, be real reverent here. You and you on the floor, first balcony, and second balcony, remember. He said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be at the coming of the Son of man." How many says, "Amen" to that. That's what... [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] All right. Now, let's just see what happened? For the day... Now, remember, the days of Sodom was just before the world was destroyed, or the--the wickedness was destroyed by fire. Now, do you believe the world will be destroyed by fire at His coming? The Bible said so. The whole heavens and earth will be on fire. Men will do it themselves, 'cause God destroys nothing. Man destroys hisself by his knowledge, his shrewdness, his education, always has done it. Created gun power, create atomic bombs, automobiles, that's what kills him. See? Now, notice, he will destroy the whole world by his own knowledge, that tree in the garden that he left the Tree of Life to eat off that tree of knowledge, science, been climbing it ever since.

L-73 Notice. Now. We find that--that Abraham, when he come to this spot in his--in his life to where he had to see this great sign to take place, Jesus referring to it; as it was in that day, so will it be at the coming of the Son of man. Now, watch, there's always three classes of people; that's believers, make-believers, and unbelievers, always: sin, and professed Christians, and real Christians. And they're always separated one from the other.

L-74 Now, look. Sodom was sinners. They were perverted, just like the world is today. Great portions of this nation is completely gone. And as I said, "We're just being honeycombed with communism and everything." Every ism, it's... Many of you, if you'd put a righteous President in every county in the whole United States, it's still gone. She'll never rise again, THUS SAITH THE LORD. 1956 she made her fatal move. Now, and she took well on her way about three months ago. Now, she's gone. Write it in your Bible; see if it's right. 1933, one morning going to the Baptist tabernacle, I went into a trance, saw a vision. I saw President Roosevelt was going to help lead the world to a world war, told it that morning. They was going to lock me up for it. And I said, "They'll go to war with Germany." Eleven years before the Maginot Line was built, I said, "There..." in that same vision I saw Germany fortified in concrete. And America took a terrible beating there, and many of you boys know what happened, was there.

L-75 Notice. I said, "Mussolini is standing up as a dictator; he will make his first invasion to Ethiopia. But he will take Ethiopia, but he will come to a disgraceful end, him and that woman both." And they hung them with their feet up, and her clothes hanging over her head in the street, and spit on them. I said, "Science will improve." I said, "Another thing, the nation has permitted women to vote, one of the most horrible disgraces they've done." And I said, "In voting they'll elect the wrong man." I'm neither Democrat nor Republican. I'm a Christian. Both sides is rotten. But they made their fatal mistake the other day. Women done the works. And how you colored people, sell your birthright to such a thing as that, when the blood of Abraham Lincoln strain's up yonder on that dress. God have mercy. Help me, Lord. Oh, my. Maybe I shouldn't have said it. But I've done said it.

L-76 Remember. Oh, how can it be? My days as evangelist is soon done. I can't prophetic and evangelist too. I'll leave the field. That's in the spirit now. Soon He will be calling me; I'll leave the field of evangelism. Then He will use me as His seer. 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min What's the matter with me anyhow? Where was I at? Yes. Genesis 18. Did you get that Gene? Genesis 18, I believe I was speaking on. Then, no, I was on what He told me, would happen. Then He said, "Science will be increased, until it comes to a place until they'll perfect an automobile, that it looks like an egg, before the end time." There I seen it. And I said, "They'll control it with some kind of a steering outfit that they don't have to touch it theirself." I seen an American family, going down a great big broadway playing cards with a glass-top car, looked like an egg. They've got it right now. You seen it on television here not long ago. They've got it.

L-77 And I said, "Then I seen some great powerful woman rise in the United States." 'Cause this is a woman's nation: woman's picture on the money; everything is woman here. That's right. She's a goddess. Not you Christian women. I'm talking about... Let a little flapper come down the street here with all these shorts, and things. She can do more harm to the church of the living God, among men, than all the bootleg joints there is through the nation. That's right. This is a... America is a woman's nation. Got her pictures, Her number's thirteen, thirteen colonies, thirteen stripes, thirteen stars, thirteen so... Everything is thirteen, thirteen, thirteen and a woman. See? And I seen a great woman rise up, beautiful to look at, but a cruel wicked heart. And that will be a church. And she's on her road now.

L-78 Then I seen the end time when the United States looked like a big bunch of bursted up stones and things like that, just blowed out, smoldering everywhere. Five of them has happened, two of them's one their road. That has been twenty-one years ago (See?), when it was predicted. If five of them is perfectly hit, the other two's got too. I see them coming on the road now. Oh, repent and flee from the wrath that is to come, church of the living God. Get back to the real Gospel, friend. You Methodists, you Baptists, you Pentecostals, the rest of you turn to God with all your heart, for your hours are short.

L-79 Genesis 18, just before the fire fell, that Angel said, or that Man in human flesh, a human man eating and drinking like an ordinary man, but yet was God. He was Jehovah God. Look at the Bible and see if it isn't, Jehovah God in human flesh. What did it represent according to Jesus' own Word? God would be represented in human flesh at the end time before the fire fell, the Holy Spirit coming back into the church, been moving in for forty years or more, controlling the church. What's the last thing taken place? Now, remember, just a few days before that, Abram's name had been changed to Abraham, and Sarai to Sarah. And watch Him what He called. "Abraham, where is your wife Sarah?" A stranger dust on His clothes, eating flesh, drinking milk...

L-80 He said, "Why, she's in the tent behind You." Watch the sign. He said, "Abraham, I..." Oh, my, you see Who it was? "I made you the promise; I'm going to visit you according to My promise. I made the promise. I was the One done it." It was God that made the promise. "I'm going to visit you." In other words, just twenty-eight more days, and things are going to be different with Sarah. And, "I made the promise to you, so I'm going to visit you according to the time of life. You're going to have this baby." And Sarah in the tent behind Him, she said--said, "Me, an old woman." Forgive me, sisters, I ha--making this point. As husband and wife, "Me, an old woman, would still have pleasure with... And my--my husband, out there, an old man too, a hundred years old... Here I am ninety, little great-great-great grandmother, little shawl and cane. Me, be like a young woman, and my husband like an young man to--to have children? Why," said, "it couldn't be."...?...

L-81 And that Angel, not an Angel, God in human flesh with His back turned to the tent (The Bible distinctly says, He had His back to the tent behind Him.) said, "Why did Sarah laugh within herself, saying, 'Surely these things can't come to pass.'?" How did He know she was in the tent? Or how did He know whether her name was Sarah? How did He know that she laughed? And how did He know the thoughts that was in her mind, when she thought in her mind? It was that same Spirit that was on Jesus that perceived their thoughts. See? And He said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man." That right? The last sign they ever got before the fire fell... It fell right away. That was the last sign they got. And look. How did He say that, and why did He distinctly call Sodom? Here it is. Open up now and receive it. That was Abraham and this is 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min Abraham's seed. He has to give the seed the same thing He give Abraham. For the promise was to both Abraham and seed after him.

L-82 O God, do you see what I mean? You see what the Bible said? That's the reason these great big high orthodox does... They never get it. Now, look. You say, "Will they get ov..." Sure. There was Lot, the orthodox. And a modern Billy Graham, and somebody else went down there to preach to them, never done any miracles, just blinded them that... Preaching the Gospel blinds the unbeliever. That's right. They were unbelievers was blinded, well, it was a shadow. Now, they say that Billy Graham the great evangelist today, that goes to the... Baptist evangelist, they say, oh, them sinners and unbelievers say, "Oh, it's nothing but a bunch of nonsense." It's not. Billy Graham's a man of God. Sure is. Oral Roberts and them fellows, great servants of God, ordained of God. Don't condemn Billy Graham because he's not Pentecost. He can't be Pentecost.

L-83 Watch. When God... Here's something; I hope it don't choke you. But look, when God before He made Abraham the father of nations, He changed his name from Abram to Abraham (Is that right?), put h-a-m on the end of it. H-a-m, because what? He's going to bring through him the father of nations. He took part of His own Name, Elohim, and made him Abraham. Now, if you want to know whether Billy Graham, look to the end of his name, G-r-a-h-a-m. You understand? All right. Now, you see, everything has to be perfect. And it is perfect. The ones that don't see it is blinded. Abraham, that was the name given; that name never rose on till just at the end time. So has it. Watch that name ending, h-a-m, Abraham, Elohim (See?), Graham.

L-84 Notice. Now. Just at the end time. Oh, we could break it down a little further than that, but that's far enough for you to know. Notice, now. As we look at the end time coming in... Now, He promised that that would be what? Just before the fire fell. Now, oh, to you people, here's the great promise. Look, when He give him that sign, what was He doing? He was preparing now... Immediately after that what did He do? He prepared Abraham and Sarah to receive the oncoming son that was promised. What did He do? He changed Sarah and Abraham from a old man and old woman back to a young man and young woman.

L-85 You say, "Brother Branham, that's not so." All right. We'll just see if it's so or not. You can't read the Bible like a newspaper. It's a love Letter. My little wife back there, when we--I start overseas, now what if I went to her... That's where you have to get away from so much of this, "I can't do this, because I'm professing this. I can't do this." If you want to do it, you might as well as do it. Certainly...?... you get out of your heart. It's love. Grace that does it. What if I--I started overseas, and Mrs. Branham there said, walked up to me, and said, "Listen here, I say, 'Listen Mrs. Branham, thou shalt not have any other husband. I'm your husband. Thou shall not have... If I hear you've been with any more husbands, I'll divorce you, when I come back."

L-86 She said, "Wait a minute, my dear man. Thou shalt not have any more wives too, because if--if--if you have any more wives, I'll divorce you when you come back." Now, wouldn't that be a home? That's the way the church tries to be to God. "I am Presbyterian." "I am Pentecostal." Oh. See? Nothing, nothing is right. Look. What do we do? I love her; she loves me. We just get down and pray and I ask God to help her, and she asks God to help me, I kiss her good-bye and go overseas. That settles it. She don't have to worry about me. I love her too much. I don't worry about her; she loves me too much. As long as we love one another that way, we'll be all right. And you've got to love God. She'll write me a letter, and she'll say, "Dear Billy, I just put the children to bed. And Sarah today did so-and-so. And Rebekah, all like this, and just..." See? She's saying that on the paper, but I love her so much, I can read between the lines. I know what she's talking about. See? I love her.

L-87 That's the way you've got be with God. You've got to love God. Then you can read between the lines and see what He means. He's hid it from the eyes of the smart seminary students and revealed it to babes such as will learn. That's 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min what He said. Jesus thanked God for doing it. Now, doesn't take education; it takes a surrendered life. Now, we got to hurry. I'm way passed. But I just got to make this point if the Lord is willing. Notice, now, love... Look, now let's just take it. You say, "Now, Brother Branham, just a minute, he didn't do that." All right. Immediately after this sign was given to Abraham, himself, and will be given to his seed, as we see all that happening.

L-88 Now, what's the next thing for the church then? If He... If that was the last sign He give Abraham before the fire fell and destroy the wickedness, then what will it be to His seed? Same thing. He did the same thing. What did He do? Called him, give him the covenant. Who called you? Some people said, "I just sought God and sought God." You never did. No one else ever did. It's God seeking man, not man seeking God. No man seeks God. God seeks man, proved that in the garden of Eden, instead of confessing he was hiding. God was seeking him. And another thing, did you notice, God never sent an Angel down to hunt up His lost child. He came Himself. That's the reason that Jesus was made, God flesh among us. God came Hisself to redeem His child. It was a man made--man size job, nobody could do it but Him. So He came to redeem His own child. That's the reason Jehovah was made flesh in His own Son to die to sin that was placed upon Him to redeem the sinner.

L-89 Now, closely, let's follow him a minute. Here's Abraham. You might disagree with this; that's all right. But I just want to tell you my own thoughts. See? Just the next thing has to take place... To receive this son that was promised, He had to do something to Abraham. Now, we know that He had to make Sarah fertile. Is that right? Well, in--in them days women didn't smoke cigarettes, so they--they had to raise their baby on the breast. They couldn't raise him on cow's milk. They didn't have the health and hygiene bottles in them days. So they... The mother had to raise her baby. Well now, in order to do that, the milk veins in the woman's breast was dried up at a hundred years old. And then another thing, excuse me, mixed audience. You'd listen to a doctor; I'm your brother.

L-90 Listen. Another thing, how could a woman a hundred years old go in labor? Kill her. He'd have to make her over. Well, God don't... And look at Abraham as good as dead, a man a hundred years old being fertile? No, He changed them back to a young man and woman. You say, "Can you prove it?" Yes, sir. They taken a trip from there and went plumb down to the Philistine country to Gerar, three hundred miles. That's quite a trip for great granny and grandpa with his shoulders all bent over, whiskers hanging down this, a hundred years old. "Oh," you say, "they just lived longer." Wait a minute here, I'm looking right at the Scripture. "And they were both well-stricken in age." That's right.

L-91 And when they got down there, you know what? Abimelech the king of Gerar, he was looking for a sweetheart. All them beautiful Philistine women around there, but when he seen great-great-great grandma with her little shawl and little hat he fell in love with her. "That's the one I've been waiting for." See how ridiculous it seems? It is ridiculous. She had... And Abraham said, "I pray thee, say you're my sister, because you're fair to look upon." What did He do? He turned them back to a young man and woman. What's He going to do to the... Why did He have to do that? So they could receive the promised son.

L-92 And that's the next thing in order for the church. We, which are alive and remain to the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are sleep, for we shall be changed in a moment to receive the promised Son. Where's He going to come, down here on earth? No, up in the air. We don't meet Him here on earth, and we couldn't meet Him in these kind of bodies. We've got to be changed and meet Him in the air. Oh, I really feel religious. See? The body will be changed in a moment in a twinkling of an eye, and we shall be caught up together to meet the Lord. The next thing to the seed of Abraham, they're getting their last sign, a discernment just like it was Jesus' day. That's the last sign to the church.

L-93 Remember; write it down. I may be gone. See if it's right or not: last Biblical sign. Now. We find out that that was 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min just before that was to take place. And then what? We find out immediately after that (haven't got time to go much farther) little Isaac was born. Now, I'm closing. What about it? When he was about twelve years old, God said to Abraham, so much as this. "There'll be a meeting sometime over in Richmond, Virginia, in United States. I want to make them know that I am absolutely positive of what I'm doing. I want you to take that son, your only son you got, take him up here on the mountain and kill him."

L-94 Abraham said, "Yes, Lord." For he received him as one from the dead, he was fully persuaded He was able to rise him up, raise him up, rather, from the dead. So what did He do to make it confirmed to His church through all ages that He keeps His promise? And Abraham's seed, regardless of the condition that they're in, they still believe that God keeps His promise. Then what did He do? Took little Isaac, they went three day's journey. Now, most any man, a young man like Abraham was then, turned back to a man about twenty-five, thirty years old, him and Sarah. He could walk... I can walk thirty miles. I used to patrol and game warden. I'd walk thirty miles any day. And we got gasoline feet in this day, beside of what they had. All the transportation they had was either ride a little mule or walk.

L-95 And they went three day's journey, and then lifted up his eyes, and saw the mountain where the vision had showed him, far off, and he got to the mountain. When he got there, he said to the servants, "You stay here (Listen to this, Genesis 22.); you wait here while the boy and I goes yonder to worship. And we shall return." Oh, that just does something to me. "Abraham, do you know what you've said? You're going up there to kill him. How are you going to return you and he?" "The lad and I will return." Watch. He put the wood upon Isaac's shoulder, a type of the true Seed, for Jesus, to make us Abraham's seed, took the wood for the sacrifice to lay on, upon His Own shoulders, when He climbed up Golgotha.

L-96 Got up to the top of the mountain, and there he laid the wood out, and put the fire on, and everything. Little Isaac got suspicious. He said, "Father?" He said, "Here I am, my son." He said, "Here is the wood, and here's the fire, and here's the altar, but where is the lamb for the offering?" What do you think that old daddy thought? He said, "My son, God will provide a lamb." That's why he called Him Jehovah-jireh. "The Lord will provide Himself a lamb for this sacrifice." And little Isaac, he said, "Turn around, Isaac." Isaac knew then. Watch. Submitting himself to death, just like Jesus did, the true Seed... Pulled him around, tied his hands, his feet, laid him upon the altar, pushed back his little black hair and his little brown eyes shining... What's mother going to say? He can't think of that; you got to do what God said. Mother says, "Don't you go down amongst them holy-rollers." Don't you believe it, do what God says. Doctor says you can't get well. Don't you believe that. Believe what God says. See?

L-97 Brushed back his hair, took the knife, pulled it out of its sheath, raised it up, just started to stab his own little boy to death. And when he raised his hand in full obedience, the Holy Spirit caught his hand, said, "Abraham, stay your hand. I know that you love Me, for you wouldn't even spare your own son." And about that time, behind him, where he picked up the rock, a ram bleated, caught by his horns in the wilderness in the vines. I want to ask you something. Where did that ram come from? Now, he's at least seventy-five miles from civilization, and all kinds of animals. And a sheep is a meat for anything: Lions, jackals, and everything else in the desert. And what...?... that... Where'd that ram come from? And another thing, he's way up on top the mountain where there's no water. What was it? God spoke it into existence. He had need of it. See, it wasn't a vision now. He picked up the ram, and brought it over, and cut its throat. A vision don't bleed. The blood run out. It took Isaac's place. It was Jesus in type. See what I mean?

L-98 And Abraham said, "This place shall be called Jehovah-jireh." The Lord will provide for Himself a sacrifice. And it said, "Even into the mount of the Lord and to this day..." Jehovah-jireh has already provided Himself a sacrifice. And brother, sister, you say, "Brother Branham, I was at the doctor. He told me I can't live." Well, no doubt, but what 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min that precious man is telling you everything that he knows to be truth. Certainly. But he only knows as a man. They told me thirty-two years ago, I had less than three minutes to live. My heart was only beating seventeen times to the minute. All right. But Jehovah-jireh, He provided a Sacrifice and I accepted it. That same Jehovah-jireh has a Sacrifice provided for you today. Will you accept it? He was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed.

L-99 Oh, seed of Abraham, won't you receive Jehovah's Sacrifice, that was tore apart at Calvary? Part of it lays up there at the Throne of God, at the right hand, a High Priest making intercessions on your confession. The Holy Spirit's here to keep His Work going among His church. Believe it and receive it, will you? Let's bow our heads. While we're in prayer, just for the next moment or two, would there be any in this building in the first balcony, the second balcony, or on the main floor, would raise your hands to God, not to me... Every eye closed please. Everybody just quiet as can be. There has to be a decision made. There's Something standing by you. He's either telling you, "Child, aren't you happy that you received My provided Sacrifice?" Or It's either telling you, "You need Me as your Saviour. I provided you a Sacrifice; will you receive It?"

L-100 If you haven't yet, will you raise up your hands and just show to God, "I want to receive Him." God bless you, you, you, you, you. Yes. Second balcony. God bless you, you, you. God bless you. Sure. All right. That's fine. "Oh, Jehovah-jireh, provide for me now. You've already provided, and I freely accept it. Jesus was Your Sacrifice provided for me, a lamb for my eyes, a lamb for my body, a lamb for my soul." And oh, to you that are sick and afflicted. In your heart say, "Jehovah, give me faith just now to receive the sacrifice that's been provided for me. For my Sacrifice was wounded for my transgressions, which I have received. And by His stripes I was healed. I now come to receive it right now."

L-101 Heavenly Father, time is closing in. Won't be long till the ministers here, my precious brethren will be in their pulpit. They'll be giving great messages tonight. I pray the sick and the afflicted will be healed, and sinners will be saved, and people filled with the Holy Spirit. May the results of Your Presence remain throughout until Jesus comes. Now, in this little simple way, Lord, I--I have such a poor way to express anything. And if I've offended anywhere, You forgive me, Lord. You know the... You know my objective and the motive. I pray that You'll help it. And these few seeds, may they drop down into the heart of the people. May it bring forth a great revival here, Lord.

L-102 Bless these people who raised their hands. As that beautiful song... Thou art the Potter; I am the clay. Mold me and make me, Lord, After Thy way, For I'm yielded, waiting still. Grant it, Father. Those who raised their hands, wanted to be remembered in prayer, they want that Sacrifice, faith to reach up and receive it. May they do it just now, Father. May they be saved. I may never see them on this earth. Think of it, Father. We separate now in a few minute, maybe to never meet again until that day there at the gate.

L-103 O God, I'd like to stand around by the pillar there and say, "See, isn't it wonderful now?" Just like the vision, You showed, as it looks... there. Grant it, Lord. I present them to You as trophies of the Gospel that has been preached, and the Holy Spirit here, drawing them to Jesus. You said, "All the Father has given Me will come. And he that comes, I will in no wise cast out." So that's it, Father. Those who are sick, I pray You, heal. Grant it, in Jesus' Name. Now, you that believe, wants Jesus to make you a real child of His, just raise your hands; with your heads bowed, raise your hands. Have Thine own way, Lord! Have Thine own way! Thou art the Potter; I am the clay. 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min Mold me and make me After Thy will, While I am waiting, Yielded and still. God bless you. May God's rich grace, immortal blessings rest upon each of you, as we wait humbly, sweetly.

L-104 Now, there's a few prayer cards give out here in the building, we want to pray for them. 'Fore we call the prayer cards, while your setting here in the meeting under the anointing of the Holy Spirit, Its sweet Presence around us, how many out there is sick, here, up in the balcony, wherever you are, saying, "I'm sick, Brother Branham; God knows I'm sick. And I--I--I want... I--I want His great Holy Spirit to come heal me." Just raise up your hands. I--I--I'm--I'm wanting the great Holy Spirit to come heal me." God bless you. The Angel that I talked about all this week... Is there any newcomers here, raise your hand? Just a very few. All right. All this week, you seen the... Would you believe on Him now if He would do the same thing? There's not a person in here that I know. My wife's setting way back at the back, and my buddy setting here, Brother Goad, that's the only persons that I know, that I see, except these two men setting right here. I believe they was on private interviews yesterday, these two men. Outside... How many knows that I'm a stranger to you? Thanks. Have faith don't doubt.

L-105 Now, if the Holy Spirit will confirm this to come here, and let... You'll reach up... The Bible said that He's the High Priest right now, and that sacrifice was torn for us. Do you believe that was Jesus Christ for you? You believe He's setting at the right hand of God, now, making intercessions on your confession? Do you believe He's the High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of your infirmities? Then you pray, and ask Him, and touch Him, and tell Him, say, "Lord, Brother Branham just told us that You'll here in us. And I'm part of You too, if Brother Branham's part of You. Brother Branham is Your servant. And now, if You'll just speak through him like You did Your Son, Jesus. He's Your adopted son. I'm Your adopted daughter, Your adopted son. But You sent him to us to--to be a sign to us at the end time. He spoke it." Up in the balconies, wherever you are, I don't... Wherever you are, doesn't matter, just believe. If He will do that, will you have a lot of faith and believe? Raise up your hands, so I can just see how your going to believe it. All right. God bless you.

L-106 Now, here's a time, brethren... Now, if anybody ever questions, tell them to come. Now, here's a time when you don't have to worry. When God says anything, He keeps His Word. Right. Now, you have faith. Don't doubt, but believe with all your heart. Just say, "Lord, let me touch You," anywhere in here. Then if He does, how would He act? Just like He did when the woman touched His garment, turn around and say, "You had a blood issue, but your faith has saved you." See? Same thing. Now, will you believe? Isn't this a great thing? What a challenge. Oh, my. Say, "Will it happen?" Certainly, He doesn't fail.

L-107 Where is the gods of Baalim? Where is your critics says, the Holy Spirit's not right? Come forth, do the same thing. You say, "Well, Jesus said, 'A greater than this.'" You come do the works He done first, then we'll talk about the greater, and I will tell you what it is. Jesus could not preach the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It hadn't come yet. That's the greater works we're doing. But do the same works He did. He said you would.

L-108 What do you think about that neck trouble, lady? You think the Lord will heal it and make it well? He has. I never seen her in my life. She's a perfect stranger to me. Is that right, lady? Raise up your hand. But you was setting there praying, wasn't you? That's right. "Lord, let it be me." How can I tell her what she's praying about? There's her hand up, her right hand to God, that it's true. What is it? Me? No, it's Him. That wasn't man setting there with Abraham, eating the flesh and stuff like that; it was God in that Man. It wasn't Jesus. He said, "It's My Father that dwelleth in Me." There's a heavy-set lady, setting right behind her, looking right at me, has been praying there, ever since I started--said 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min that, praying for that heart trouble. That's right. If that's right, raise up your hand. Now, do you believe? All right. Your heart trouble's finished. Have faith. Don't doubt.

L-109 Said, "Why are looking like that?" I was watching a Light. It's over this lady right here. She's not praying for herself, but she's praying for her sister. She has heart trouble. She's in the hospital, isn't she? If that's right, raise up your hand. You was praying for her. If that's right wave your hand like this so the people will see. How can I tell you what you're praying about? God Who hears prayers, answer prayer. You believe she's coming out, being all right now? You've touched for Him. That's right. You're praying for your eyes, though you got glasses on, setting there, the lady--lady right here on the end with this white-looking coat on. Yeah. You was setting there praying for your eyes, wasn't you? That you might know. The lady next to you is praying for varicose veins. If that's right, raise up your hand. Lady setting next to her, she's praying for a nervous condition she's had for sometime. If that's right raise up your hand. See? Do you believe?

L-110 You say, "Brother Branham, the Angel had His back turned. Will He act the same way? You're looking us in the face; you might be reading our mind." All right, I'll turn my back then. See if it's the same Angel. Now, I'm not Him; it's His Spirit. Now, if you're looking at me, look standing here. See that Light? Now, there's a woman, see her setting? She's setting, she'd be this way behind me. She's suffering with a--a growth in her throat. And she's got a boy with her, and he's got sinus trouble. Her name is Mrs. Mitchell. Stand up, Mrs. Mitchell, believe with all your heart. See? Lady, I do not know you. If that's right, wave your hand back and forth this way. Was that what you was praying about, what He told you? All right. Receive it now; go home; be well. Jesus Christ makes you well. You believe?

L-111 There's a man setting right behind her. He looking this way, I see it right now. He's got a back trouble too. He was operated on for a back trouble. He's got sinus that's what made him believe. He has got a sinus trouble. That's right. Mr. Bush, why don't you stand up and accept your healing too? You believe? If I do not know you, sir, wave your hands back and forth, if--if we don't know one another. Was that what you was praying about? Wave your hands back and forth this way, if he--if it was what you was praying... All right. God bless you. Go home, receive your healing. He's a wonderful Saviour, isn't He?

L-112 There's a man setting up there in the balcony; he's suffering with bronchial trouble. Mr. Brown, stand up. There you are. I don't know you, do I, sir? If that's right, raise up your hand. You're healed. Jesus Christ makes you well. Setting right over there is a lady praying for her brother with cancer. Have faith; he will get healed, if you believe it. You believe with all your heart? All right, you can have it. Heart trouble, nervous, right on the end; Arthritis setting right behind... You believe with all your heart? Now, is He here? You believe He's here? It's went all over the entire building, showing you that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, to all of you, looks like now...?...

L-113 How many knows that visions just nearly kill you? Jesus said, "I perceive that virtue's gone from Me." That's Him. I don't know you. I never seen you in my life. But it shows that that same Angel, the same promise... The next thing is destruction in this nation, not only in this nation, but other nations. The end time's here. The change is waiting for the people. How many here has got prayer cards? Raise up your hands. I want you, this row here to get up, come right down here. Just start getting up, row by row, coming right down here. I want to tell you something. I want to prove something to you. I'm not the only one to pray for sick people. My brethren here have just as much right as I do to pray for sick people. And I want to prove it to you. Brethren, come. You can't come this way, sirs, you have to go out and come around the other way, over that way. With prayer cards, just with prayer cards. Go out and come around that way. Just with prayer cards now...

L-114 I want my brethren to stand here. Come here, brethren. I want you to form a line on both sides of me here. Come here. That these people might know, you don't have to wait for somebody like Oral Roberts, or Tommy Hicks, or 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min somebody to come by. These men are ordained of God to pray for the sick. They got just as much right to pray for the sick as I have or anybody else. You can see it just now, in a few minutes, if these truly are seeds of Abraham. Any of you here got prayer cards now? If you have, move right out in the aisles, move through here, and go right around and form that line. Go right out through the back, move right around and form the line.

L-115 Now, if you don't profess your faith in Christ, don't come, 'cause it'll be worse on you. "Go ye and sin no more." What is sin? Unbelief, transgression of the laws, is right. Unbelief. "He that believeth not," is what? Condemned already. Is that right? This ministers? All right. Yes. Where are you at, Brother Hall? This Brother Hall here has a ministry; he prays for the sick too, has nationwide services: Brother Hall. Want you come around in here, Brother Hall, and want you to form... You all can form a double line here. All in this section now with prayer cards, come right out in the aisle, go right up, and go around to the back. And you in the balcony that's got prayer cards, if there's any of them up there, come right down and take your place in the aisles, right down here behind the place. You with prayer cards, come in the line.

L-116 Now, if you do not believe, and you're not Abraham's seed, and not ready right now to say, "It's all settled; it's all over."... Now, the same God that's here to perform these things... The Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." How many believe that it is the Holy Spirit? Raise up your hands. Now, you know, you could take another attitude and say it was something else, and that'll be between you and God. See? You'll never be forgiven for it. That's right. Jesus said so. But if you'll believe with all your heart... Now, you in the prayer line, you that's in the prayer line, we can't come through discernment, we know that. Perhaps, these brothers here don't have it. See? But they don't have to have it. You know what you've done and what's your trouble. If you sinned, ask God to forgive you. If you do not believe, ask God to be merciful to you and make you believe.

L-117 But how many now, of you people in the prayer line, that's standing there, you that's got the prayer cards, standing in the line, will raise your hand to God, that you have accepted Him as your Healer? Raise up your hand. The rest of you, if there's some out here that was not in a prayer line, that wants to accept Him as your Healer, raise your hand. God bless you. Now, the Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay hands on the sick they shall recover." Is that what He said? Well, then there's some kind of a--a Spirit here, there's some power that knows who you are, knows all about you. Isn't that right? He knows everything. Why, He... If He promised to do that, and He keeps that promise, He will keep every promise.

L-118 Now, if you do not believe, remember, don't come in the prayer line. Now, brethren, I wish about half of you on one side here, come down this way. That's right. Same way here, that's like every other one, make a double line. That's fine. You two ministers? All right, here help them off the platform, somebody down there help them off. Now, before you start the prayer line, Billy, wait just a minute; let's pray. Listen, friends. I want to ask you brethren. I've got perfect confidence in you as my brethren. I know you're men of God, called of God. I'm trying to let this audience know, that they don't have to wait for somebody to come by, some special gift. Gifts don't heal. Gifts only declare God. You are ministers who know the Word a lot better than I do. So your gift is to do that, and that's the original way, believe His Word. He sent His Word and heal them. That's the way it's supposed to be. But then, God's so good, and makes such promises. If--if--if they can't believe the Word, then He shows them a sign that it's Him there. That's what it's for. That's the reason I have you here.

L-119 And now, just think. What if my mother was standing in that line, or what if your mother was standing in that line? What if my wife was in that line or your wives was in that line? What if my child was standing in that line and your child was standing in that line? Audience, what if you were my mother, or my father, my brother, and my sister, my wife, or child? And what if that was... This other was yours? Now, the power of the church is to come together and pray. Now, we can pray and then 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min lay hands on the sick. You remember Peter went over and prayed for Dorcas in the corner, then he got up from his prayer, went, and laid hands on her; and she come to life after being dead. We've offered prayer, and then go through the ritual of laying hands on the sick, just like ministering baptism or anything that brothers do, the same thing. Do you all solemnly believe that? Say, "Amen." [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Now, let's bow our heads. Now, brethren pray, everybody.

L-120 Our heavenly Father, this is the climax. We have preached Your Word, which You ordained us to do. We have seen sinners raise their hands and become Christians. We've seen lukewarm raise their hands and unite again with You in fellowship. We heard the saints crying and shouting. We seen the Holy Spirit move in among us, and confirm the Word, and to prove according to the Word that I preach, that He made It do just exactly what He promised it would do. Lord, these people want to be healed. And I'm trying to tell them, just as sure as You make Your Word firm and confirm It, You've already healed them. They're all healed. And if You keep Your promises on one thing, You keep Your promises on all things. Now, You cannot heal them now, because they're already healed. But we got one more ritual to go through; that's to lay hands on the sick. Your last thing, You... Last commission You give to the church, and this is the last meeting in this revival. We're taking the last commission. "These signs shall follow them that believe; if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover."

L-121 God, I pray that each of these ministers here will be so anointed with the Holy Ghost, that they'll never forget this evening, when these people are passing through here. They're praying, Lord; their hearts are burning. They want to do something for You. There's others out there in the audience, that's not standing in the prayer line; they're praying. Let the Holy Spirit Who's present and fills this building now with His Presence... Up in the balconies, down on the floor, everywhere, He's here. Let Him come forth now, Lord, and anoint us. And let these people be so anointed, that pass through here, no sooner than they hit the line, may they realize that they're not coming unto men, but they're coming unto God. May they walk beneath here like they were going beneath the cross. Go off this platform rejoicing, as seed of Abraham, being strong, giving praise to God, go down the aisles praising God, and be healed.

L-122 May these brothers see their churches grow in power and strength by their testimonies, and others be come, and great things be done. Father, grant it. We commit them to You now, and ourselves, that You'll anoint us through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Now, to all, everybody that believe, raise your hands, "I believe. I believe, Lord, I believe." Now, if the anointing gets so great, I don't get to say good-bye to you, the Lord bless you. Everybody in prayer now. We've already prayed. Now, let's sing now, as we do, "Only believe, Only Believe," as we bow our heads reverently, praying for one another now, as we lay hands on these people. Only believe, only...

L-123 Come, my brother. In the Name of Jesus Christ receive your healing. [The prayer line begins--Ed.]... Name of Jesus...?... Amen. only believe... In the Name of Jesus... In the Name of Jesus... [The prayer line continues with Brother Branham praying, his words not always intelligible--Ed.]...?... everything else away; it's your attitude approaching God; that's what it is. In the Name of Jesus Christ...?... Oh, seed of Abraham, come believing. In the Name of Jesus Christ...?... In the Name of the Lord Jesus...?... In the Name of the Lord Jesus, heal my sister...?... God, in Jesus Name...?... In the Name of the Lord Jesus, may...?... In the Name of Jesus, make her well, Father. In the Name of the Lord...?... In the Lord Jesus...?... [The prayer line continues--Ed.] All that believe on Him now as your Healer, will you accept Him now as Abraham's seed? You will believe on the Lord Jesus with all your heart. Do you now want to accept Him for anything, salvation, for healing, for the baptism of the Spirit, or any more? Will you believe Him with all your heart? Stand up on your feet then. Stand up. As the seed of Abraham, as Christian believers, we now, believe Jesus Christ. Put your hands over on one another. Now, don't pray for yourself; pray for that one by you. 61-0312, Faithful Abraham, Lyric Building, Richmond, VA, 121 min

L-124 And we brethren, we ought to unite ourselves together as one Christian unit, Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Catholic, whatever you are. We unite ourselves and our efforts together before Jehovah God our Saviour, Who is present now to show Himself alive after nineteen hundred years. He's here in Richmond, Virginia, this afternoon in the form of the Holy Ghost, proving Himself alive. He now heals you, every one of you, in the Name of Jesus Christ the Son of God. May every devil power be broken and every person healed for the glory of God. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ An Uncertain Sound
