Date: 1962-01-24
Title: Have Not I Sent Thee?
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Assembly Of God
Location: Phoenix
Duration: AZ, 118 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 62-0124

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Thank you, my brother. The Lord bless you. Good evening, friends. It's a privilege to be here tonight in this nice little comfortably looking church. And--and so I'm sure the Holy Spirit's here, and He's--He's acquainted with all the crowd. So we're just glad to be here to set in heavenly places in Christ Jesus enjoying this wonderful fellowship...?...

L-2 So we are--want to announce that tomorrow night now is... The--the convention starts tomorrow night over at the Ramada. I suppose the auditorium's right there with the... Yes, sir. And everybody that can, come out to every service. I guess Brother Williams has gone through it, in the procedure, and told all what's happened, all what's taken place, and what is to take place (as far as he knows what's to take place). 'Cause sometimes in these meetings, something takes place that we don't--we just don't know. We're going over there looking for something to take place. And now, the last time we sure had a wonderful fellowship over there at the Westward Ho, I believe it was called, the Westward Ho.

L-3 And now, as I guess it's been announced, that tomorrow night our beloved brother Oral Roberts will be speaking tomorrow night, the Lord willing. And there'll be many more there, and you're going to hear some great speakers--some of the businessmen, ministers from all around. I hardly know any of the speakers that's advertised outside of Brother Gardner, and I do know Brother Velmer Gardner. And so they've got now on until Monday night. So we're just expecting a great big spiritual gastronomical jubilee. So--so we're coming and feast upon the things of the Lord. And now, I think it falls my lot for Sunday, or for Saturday morning breakfast and for Sunday afternoon service, and so--to speak.

L-4 Now, I want to say that this has been one of the most grandest times that I've ever had in Phoenix. Usually when I'm in Phoenix I just get to, maybe, go into one place. But this time, I think this is about six or seven, maybe eight places that I've been, around through the Salt River. Nine, nine places that I have been--nine different places: that's nine different ministers to get acquainted with, shake their hands, and have fellowship with the different organizations. Why, usually when I come in, why, the brethren, they're always so nice, and turn their churches loose and come in. I think it's good for--for especially evangelists who come in, and--and put their time in to try to help each church; then to go around and visit the churches like that, 'cause the pastor's always willing to cooperate. And their people comes and gets maybe prayed for, or something happened, or someone gets saved. And then he knows the person. The different ministers say, "Well, this Brother So-and-so, if you're in that district, why, you go right straight to him, a wonderful man of God. I've been in his church."

L-5 And you know, I--I like that. I think we get more acquainted with each other, and 'cause we're going to have eternity to spend with each other. So we might as well get acquainted down here and know how it is. And so--so then, up there, the one good thing though, Brother Pastor, we won't be just kind of--we won't have any prayer meetings, no. We won't have any healing services. But we... And we won't have any time limit. So I usually only preach six or eight hours at a time, maybe sometimes, so then I can just keep on, you know. Oh, I want to talk to those I've preached to then. I used to tell the people that I'd like to have at least a millennium with each one. See? And then, when I get through... And right in our own little services, just that I know, has been way and around two million or better converts to Christ. And no doubt, a few of those are going to make it anyhow. And so, just to set down, maybe... Say there'd be a hundred of them. Look what a hundred millenniums would be, just to get acquainted with the people I led to the Lord. And then you know, when I get done I'm not going to have one less bit time than I did when I started. See?

L-6 Eternity never begins, never ends (See?), never had a beginning, never has an ending. You can't explain it. But anything that had a beginning has an end. So you say, "What about us, Brother Branham?" Well, as long as you're natural human of the earth here, you had a beginning. But if you're borned of heaven, you're part of God. Then that Spirit never had a beginning, because It's part of God. It's eternal. That's the only way you can ever live forever, is to 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min have Eternal Life (That's right.), an Eternal Life. But anything that begins has an end. So if you had no beginning, the only... See, there Jesus said, "Except a man be borned again of the Spirit, he cannot enter the Kingdom, no wise can enter in," 'cause you've got to have that Eternal Life.

L-7 Now, 'course I'm not... I hardly know how to speak English and know... I've studied a word or two when I'd find it, to see what it was in the Bible, Hebrew and Greek. But the Greek word there for Eternal Life is the same word that's used for God's Life. It's spelled Z-o-e, Zoe. And he that has Eternal Life is Zoe, God's own Life. That makes you His own son or daughter (See?), 'cause you're borned of Him. His Life is in you. And you can no more perish than God can perish. So you got Eternal Life and, "I'll raise him up at the last day," God said. Isn't that wonderful?

L-8 I was thinking, when God in the beginning He spoke and He said, "Let there be, and let there be," and brought forth the seeds, everything of its kind. You can hybreed it, of course, and turn it around, as I preached here in Phoenix one time on, I believe, "Hybrid Religion"; how that they try to interbreed it with denominations, instead of letting it be like it was. But you let a--you let a hybrid... Anything that's hybrid cannot breed itself back.

L-9 So when man tells you, and you children going to school, and they say that we come from a single cell, and the ethics of Darwin... He--he just doesn't know what he's talking about (See?), because... You take a horse and a--and a... You take a... Well, let's say a donkey and a mare, and they have a--a colt. It's a--it's a mule. But that mule cannot breed to another mule and have a mule. It finishes right there. Hybrid corn, you could hybreed corn, and then you could plant that corn. It won't be nothing (See?), won't be nothing; has to come back. So how can then... If we begin on evolution from single cell, then where we at. See? Their own scientific research proves they're wrong. See? See, you can't do it. You can breed the blue violet with a white violet, get the African violet. But just leave them to theirselves, and they'll go right straight back to the original blue violet. That's right. See? It won't do it.

L-10 So when God spoke and made man, and man's soul was lost, it absolutely... Anything outside of that: joining church and anything is hybreeding. You've got to come back to... God's got to speak the Word back again. That makes it Life Eternal. When God speaks Life into you, then that's eternal again. But until that it's a hybrid condition. You see? So the devil mingled with it and mixed--tried to mix faith and something, unbelief together, so it makes a hybrid (See?), and... But when God speaks and places the Holy Spirit in there and seals it, it's eternal.

L-11 Ephesians 4:30 says: "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God (not the holy church of God; the Holy Spirit of God) whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption." And a seal represents a finished work. Nothing is sealed... Like you load a boxcar. You start loading a boxcar (I used to work on the railroad), and we would load in a boxcar different things. But the inspector comes around first. It's got to go over a lot of rough roads. If there's anything loose, he will not seal it, until that car is so loaded and compact till nothing can shake it. Then he closes the door and seals it, and it cannot be broken till it's at its destination. That's just right. God comes around and finds a lot of foolishness in us, He just don't seal it yet. Sees a lot of unbelief, He just don't seal it yet. But when it's all packed up with the full Gospel, then He seals it (That's right.)--seals it till its destination. Isn't He wonderful?

L-12 So glad tonight to know that I'm one of you. And I... When I was a boy I always wanted people to love me. I was an unlovable person. I was kind of what's called the black sheep in the family. All of them drank, you know, but I always... As you've read my life story, no doubt... There was something told me there was a God somewhere, somewhere, that I'd keep hearing a voice and something calling to me. And in the family I was kind of the outcast. I went to school, same way, 'cause I was so ragged everybody made fun of me. And then when I become a minister, I believed that that Word was the Truth. Then I was an outcast in my Baptist church. They said, "You'll be a holy-roller some of these days." So then when I come to find out there was somebody that believed it all like I did, it was just like putting on a glove on a hand. It just fit exactly. So then He said, "If you'll forsake all and follow Me, I will give you mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters and so forth, and Life Eternal." So to come among you this way... I love you. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min

L-13 Sometimes I preach pretty rough because I--I see that somebody getting out of line. You see, you're supposed to do that. A real daddy will. Why, he'd shake you and say, "Here, get back here in line," if he's a real true father. So sometimes your pastor has to wade down on something. Just love him that much more, because he's a real father to you (You see?), trying to keep you lined up; because he's watching over your soul, which the Holy Ghost has made him the overseer of the church. And you must always watch that.

L-14 I pray that God will bless this little church, and may it grow and prosper. May many fine preachers come out of this church and go into the fields everywhere. And may its name be immortal, is my prayer. May God bless its pastor, its deacons, trustees, and its affiliation, whatever it is. May God be with all of you, and all of its members, as you labor and work together. I pray that the Holy Spirit will work with you, confirming the Word with great signs and wonders to follow the believers who believes the Word, that's preached across this platform here. God bless you.

L-15 Now, I'm a little hoarse. Brother Williams has just given me a combing over. I told him I had it--was going to Ajo and a few cities tomorrow. I'm trying to find a place to move to out here in Arizona, to live out here. And then in coming to Arizona, I wouldn't come... And a precious brother the other morning after I preached on "The Royal Seed"... Now, I'm not a tape seller, you all know that. But the boy over here has got the tapes. Anybody that's got a tape recorder, I wish you, if you can, get that tape on "The Royal Seed" for last Sunday morning.

L-16 And Brother Fuller... he got out the--got out in the pulpit after I left and told the people to tell me I could come take over his church. He and his wife would be janitor. Well, that was very sweet. Brother--Brother John Sharritt with his church, and then... but I don't... I... If I'd come to Phoenix, no, sir, I wouldn't start no church. No, siree. That's not in me (See?), 'cause if you start a church, you're... See, it's not my idea to start a church. It's to help what's already started. You see? If I come to Phoenix... I'm a missionary. I'm in and out around the world, all the time. If the pastor would invite me, I'd be here on one Sunday to help him, and the next Sunday over to help the next guy, the next Sunday over to help the next guy, just everywhere I could to--to put in, and make it good for everybody (See?) all the denominations and everything to fellowship.

L-17 And I may--always wanted to come west. And I... Maybe the last tie that's bound me to the east was my mother that just went home to be with Jesus a few weeks ago; and my wife's mother about a year ago. So now we're both orphans without father or mother in this earth. They're gone on to be with our Lord. And we are planning on maybe, the Lord willing, coming westward to live. Pray for us.

L-18 Now, now, in the... Before we approach the Word... I want to read some of the Word tonight and just speak for a little while. And by the way, I forgot... Did Billy give out any prayer cards? All right, sir. That's--that's good. Then we'll... It's going to be a small place for a prayer meeting, but I've had it where... Someone said, some... Like the pastor one time sometime would have a small church, maybe it seat a hundred or two, they say, "Oh, Brother Branham, if my church was just big enough..." It's plenty big. The only thing you have to have is just the Word from God, (See? That's all.), no matter where it's at.

L-19 I never let my meetings get big, 'cause when you do (or some obligation of radio, television, or something, or some books, or press, or something)... When you do, right then you're tying yourself down. I want to be where I don't have to have any money; I never took a offering in my life. And I--I don't have to have money, and the place can't get too little. If it's in a cottage prayer meeting, that's fine. I held a revival just recently where the church completely packed out, seated twenty people (That's right.), twenty people. Now, if I'd had a great big--a great big something, maybe have to have several thousand dollars a day, I couldn't go to a place like that and do that. See? But I believe in being led by the Holy Spirit, wherever He leads you, no matter.

L-20 And I've went overseas. In Bombay, India, I preached to five hundred thousand at one time; south Africa, two or three hundred thousand; way out... Don't... say, "How do you get the money to do that?" Well, if God sends me, He always sends somebody with the money with it. You see? So He just... We must live by faith, you know. So it's a great life, a faith life, isn't it? Just believe Him. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min And--and I'd say some of the best meetings I've ever had has been churches way smaller than this one (And that's right.), where we just get together and have fellowship, and the Holy Spirit comes down. And there's where life is born. Uh-huh. That's right. That's right. Certainly is.

L-21 Let us bow our heads now as--'fore we approach His Word. Solemnly now, after we feel like that we're acquainted and kind of know each other, if there's a request here tonight that you would like for me to pray for you, for some something another, would you just raise up your head--your hand, rather, and say, "Brother Branham, pray for me." God bless you. Just all around, the heavenly Father sees.

L-22 Now, precious Lord, the Almighty God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, Who brought again the dead to life when He raised up Jesus Christ from the dead, we are so happy tonight to know that He raised up from the dead, and He's not dead no more, but alive forever more. Two thousand years has come and gone, and yet we--we are with Him tonight just as real as He walked in Galilee in His days. We just simply know that He is risen from the dead, making Hisself known to us in the form of the Holy Spirit. We're so thankful for that, Lord.

L-23 And to see right now in this evil day that we live in, when unbelievers and--and scientists and so forth are trying to cut away the very value of the Word, yet God lives in His Word. And we see Him manifest Himself, make Hisself known just as clearly and plain to us, and we're so thankful for that, Lord. And to know... What if we were out tonight, out of the ark, and didn't know just where we were, wandering souls like the raven that was turned out of the ark... He was satisfied with living upon the dead carcasses that was floating on the water yet. But like the little dove had to find its way back to the ark and knock on the door, or the window, until father Noah let her in, we're so happy tonight to know that Father God has let us in this ark.

L-24 And tonight we're safely, completely resting in the atonement that our Lord made for us, knowing this, that when the judgment comes, that we'll float above the judgment. We'll be taken out of the world and will not have to stand the judgment, for our Lord promised us in St. John 5:24, "He that heareth My words, and believeth on Him that sent Me, has Eternal Life, and shall not come into the judgment; but has passed from death unto Life." Not a wandering soul when we die; we're in the Presence of God. Not a wandering through a endless eternity, lost, to know we have to return back and be judged according to the deeds done in the body, but, Father, tonight we have settled that at the altar, and our sins has gone on before us, and been justified by the Blood of Jesus Christ, with the proof of it, God poured back the Holy Spirit upon us, and we're sealed now unto our eternal destination.

L-25 We have needs, Lord, as we go through the world. This body is still physical, still borned of sin. Someday it'll be born of God; but today it's borned of sin. And we are struggling as we walk through this dark, dismal world, looking above where only light can come from. And I pray, heavenly Father, that You'll remember each one of those people that raised their hands. From the least to the greatest, from the youngest to the oldest, answer, Father. I pray that You'll grant them their requests. And now as we turn the pages of the Book... Anyone that can--got physical strength can turn back the pages; but no one can open it but He that was slain from the foundation of the world. We see the Book taken out of the hand of Him that set upon the throne. The Lamb was able to take it and to open the Book and to loose the seals thereof. So we pray, great Lamb of God, come among us tonight as we read the Word. Open it to our hearts to give us faith for the journey ahead. We ask in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-26 Now, many people like to kind of read the text and so forth, as we read it, and I wrote down some texts and so forth, as usual. And tonight I want us to turn over to Judges, the 6th chapter, and read for a few moments. And tomorrow night being the starting of the convention, I--I'll try not to keep you but just a little while tonight. Then we'll pray for the sick, and then adjourn, and get ready for tomorrow night. Some are standing, and I know it's hard to stand.

L-27 I went to get my car greased this afternoon and the boy was so slow it taken around three hours. And I--I was reaping, I guess for what I'd been sowing--for keeping people standing so long. So I started to complain, then I just shut up when I thought about it. I thought, "No, they been... They had--they never said nothing; I won't either. So I just let it go." And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him, and said unto him, The LORD is with thee, thou mighty man of valour. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min And Gideon said unto him, Oh my Lord, if the LORD be with us, then... why then is all... is befallen us?... where be all his miracles which our fathers told us of, saying, Did not the LORD bring us up out of Egypt? but now the LORD has forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites. And the LORD looked upon him, and said, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee?

L-28 May the Lord add His blessings to these Words. Now, we're all familiar with the Scripture that I've just read, all reads the Bible. It was a time of the judges, when there was a--well, kind of a time between... From the kings, God had judges. And there had been several judges. And every time that God the--would get the people straightened out, they'd all try to go to--to doing right after He'd send judgment or something. And then the first thing you know, they'd fall away again. It's just natural for people to do that. It's just human for them to do it: fall away. And--and as soon as they fall away, then God's judgment comes right in again. See? You cannot do wrong and get by, 'cause God is just.

L-29 Now, He just... He... In order to be just, He must--He must keep His laws. And law without penalty is not law. See? If there's a semaphore out here in the street, and that says "stop," that's a law for you to stop. And then if you pass on through it and the law has no penalty, then it isn't a law any more. See? It should not even be hanging there. And if God begins to wave something before you and tell you that you're doing wrong, and you break that law of God warning you, then penalty is to be paid. You just must do it. You have to do it; you have to pay the penalty. "And the wages of sin is death." So if a man transgresses God's law and continues to do it, then don't blame God if something happens to you. See? If you're lost, you cannot say, "Well, it was God's fault." I've often said this, that a man has to literally fight his way to hell. He cannot go to hell easy. No, he has a hard time getting to hell. But he certainly fights his way right on into it.

L-30 You remember, boys, the first little corn-silk cigarette you smoked? You know what? Mama said... You know, you was afraid that Mama was going to smell it on your breath, so you got some coffee and eat it, or something, you know, to--to keep her from being able to smell. Mama said, "Let me smell your breath," See? "Mama, there's nothing wrong with me." What's the first thing? When you lied that first lie, a red light begin to flash. "Tell her the truth. Be honest, little boy. Mama taught you to do that." But, see, you fight your way right on through that barricade and red light. See?

L-31 You remember the first time you trifled on your girlfriend? You remember the first time you--you sassed your wife, the wife sassed the husband, something like that? Remember the first time you heard that hymn sang at church and something beat at your heart, and you just shook yourself and turned away, "I'll do it some other time." Them's all red lights (See?), and you just walk right on over them--warnings, "Don't go the way you're going little boy, little girl. Turn back to Me. I'm your Creator." But you walk right on through it. You can't expect nothing else. Don't lay it onto God. If you run through that stoplight out there don't say, "The city's in blame." No, sir. You're the fault. That stoplight's there to protect you, and to help you, and you must obey it. And then it isn't the city's fault; it's your fault, 'cause you should have stopped when the warning come on.

L-32 And when you feel that little buzzer down in your heart warning you, then you better stop right there and take inventory. Like I was--been preaching along through the nights of the people drifting away from God. When you hear the Word, come right back. It's truly the Word of God. There's a little buzzer rings; you better listen to it. Don't walk across that, 'cause you'll never get any farther till you come right back here where you left Him. You'll... Where you leave Christ at by failing to obey His Word, right there He will leave you. Or you don't leave... He don't leave you; you leave Him. See, you always leave--leave Him, because He's got you in the path, He's trying to lead you. But see, when you leave Him, then you have to come right back where you left Him at, to start again.

L-33 I had a chaplain friend that was telling me of a case in the second World War. There'd been a captain that'd been machine gunned with a, I guess about a fifty caliber machine gun. He was cut across his chest, and he was--he was dying. And this chaplain was called to him. They told him to go out in the tent (they'd just picked him up), in the hospital tent, that--that he was dying. He couldn't live. He was already cut through with bullets and he couldn't live. He was bleeding inwardly. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min And so the chaplain said he got in to the man, where he was at, and he said, "Captain, are--are you a Christian?" He said, "I used to be." He said, "You used to be?" Said, "Why, you should be now, because you know you're dying." He said, "Yes, sir. I know it." He said, "Now, Captain, now think back with all... Now, you better think fast 'cause you haven't got much time. But you think back, all the way back to where you left Christ. And right where you left Christ, then you start right there, and begin right there, 'cause you'll find Him right where you left Him."

L-34 Now, you might've left Him on--on a doctrine in the Bible, something that told you, "Thou shalt not steal"; you walked right over it. "Thou shalt not lie"; walked right over it. Something or another that you should not have done, and yet you walked right over it, now, you have to come right straight back and pick it up right there again.

L-35 And so, this captain was bleeding inwardly, and the blood gushing into his lungs. And he was catching his breath very fast, and he knew he was going. Said, "You better hurry up, Captain, and think." He said, "I just don't exactly remember." After while a light come over his face. He said, "I remember. I remember right where I left Him." He said, "All right, Captain. Start right there." He said, "Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray the Lord my soul to keep. If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take." And he dropped over. Where did he leave Christ? At the cradle (See?), at mother's feet (See?), as a little boy. He had to go all the way back there to pick Him up. That's where you'll pick Him up--where you left Him.

L-36 Israel always getting out of the harmony of God... Nothing goes right till you come back to harmony of God. And now, they'd just been delivered from a--an alien army. And instead of turning to the Lord, they turned right back away from Him again. Isn't it strange? We'll get sick; the baby will be so sick till we just don't know what to do. Mother will wring her hands. And her and dad will say, "Oh, God, we'll serve You if You'll just heal this baby." And the baby gets well. Then you forget about it. See, see? So easy to forget about it. Yes, sir. And you'll see a accident that just almost takes your life and you'll say, "Oh, if I would've died... Lord, thank You for sparing me. I'm going to serve You." Then forget about it (See?), until one's done caught you. See? And then--then it's too late. See, you--you always... The people usually forget God. They don't always do it, thank God for that. But mostly it's so easy to forget when everything's going good. Then you know, He said if you would neglect Him, and wouldn't serve Him, then when your calamity comes He'd just laugh at you. You see? So you must remember; we must keep God first always.

L-37 Now, the people had got away from God and had gone wrong. And so the Midianites, and the Philistines, and different nations would come in and take them over. Now, we don't have Midianites and Philistines, but we have a lot worse. The world gets right in and eats us up, just takes us right down (See?), unbelief. And we get right away from the Spirit part of the church, and the Spirit part of God, get out too formal. And just, "How do you do, pastor? I want to take my letter out of this church over here, because they--the... Sister So-and-so, she and I don't speak. So I'm going to bring it over to your house." See? Oh, oh, yes. See? And then (See?), we're just passing letters. But when you once write it on the Lamb's Book of Life, it's at home then. See? That's right.

L-38 Now. But we find out that these things happen. And the--the time had come in this case for action, because the Midianites had come in like locusts across the country. And the Israelites had to dig caves in the mountains to hide, get back in there and hide a little food to live--just getting back, way back, get away from them, because that, why, they was coming in just swarms of them. They'd bring their sheep, their cattle, their oxes, and eat up everything that the Israelites had planted, all their crops and things like that, just drive them on back. So they was--they was going to get rid of them. And so... Eat up what they had. They wouldn't kill them. Let them come back the next year and make a crop. And about the time the crop got ripe, here he'd come in again and take them out.

L-39 So we find out that there was a mighty man of--of valor, who really didn't claim to be. But he was threshing his 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min wheat down by the wine press, trying to get a--a little together to take care of his family for that year. His name was Gideon: later become a judge in Israel.

L-40 Now, we find out that before God ever sends deliverance to His people... Now, I want you to catch this now for what's to follow afterwards. Before God sends deliverance to His people He always sends a prophet to notify them, always sends His prophet; because most the time people won't read and study His Word. They just simply go join church, and let it go at that. They don't set down and read. The Holy Spirit, It feeds on the Word of God. Jesus said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every Word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." So if--when you get saved, the best thing to do is set down with your Bible, constantly read. That builds you. You see what God did. It's not like reading some novel. You're reading so you can hang your soul on every punctuation in it (That's right.), because it's the Word of God. You see? Every time God says anything, you know how I punctuate it? With an "Amen." That's right. "So be it." That's right. What He said is right. And so we ought to punctuate all of God's words with an "Amen." When God says, "Thou shall, and shalt not," and so forth, say, "Amen. Amen." Not saying, "Well, I believe it ought to be this a-way." Just say, "Amen" to what He says. That--that does it.

L-41 So then, God had--had been good to them, and they--and they had not deserved it. But then, before this great event taken place, we find out that a prophet was sent to them, and he spoke the Word of the Lord for them. And then we notice immediately following that prophet's message, when He come to Israel, and said, "I'm the God that brought you up out of Egypt. I'm the One that give you the land that you live in. I've done all these things for you." See, the prophet always points back to the great supernatural God: a real prophet of God, that's a real preacher, in a pulpit. A modern day prophet is a preacher. So a real true prophet points back to the Word of the Lord, the promise of the Lord, not the declaration the--the church has made, but a declaration that God has made. (See?) Back to the Word of the Lord.

L-42 So God spoke to this prophet, and they... The Midianites had taken all they had, and they were starving to death, and He said, "Don't you remember that I'm the God that brought you up out of Egypt? Don't you know that I performed all My miracles down in Egypt? Don't you know I opened up the Red Sea? I fed your fathers for forty years in the wilderness. I broke off the enemies around them. Did not I take out the Amalekites and everything else from before you? I'm the God. Just turn back to Me. Watch Me." And remember, always--or immediately after that prophet's message, God goes to work. After the prophet gives the Word, then God goes to work on the Word. First it's got to come forth first. The Word's got to be preached first. "Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the Word of God." The true prophet stands with the true Word of God and doesn't compromise on It any way, but tells the people that "Ye must be borned again. The promise is unto you, and to your children, to them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call," if he's a true prophet.

L-43 If he isn't, he will say, "Well, now, we believe that..." Who's "we?" Not God and His prophets, and God and His Angels, and God in His Word. They say that "Heavens and earth will pass away" said Jesus, "but My Word shall never fail." That's right. "If any man adds to or takes away any of the words of the prophecy of this book, the same will be taken out of the Book of Life for him." So you see, the real true prophet stays with the Word.

L-44 And he begin to show them what was taking place. And immediately God came on the scene, immediately after the prophet's message. It's always been that--that God... Now remember, God moves behind the prophet if the prophet's got the Word of God. "For My Word will not return to Me void, but it'll accomplish that from which It was sent for, and the purpose It was sent for." It'll have to come... There'll be a group that'll just like throwing water on a duck's back. But there'll be somebody there to get it because God is sending it. Amen. See? The Word will not return void. It will accomplish what It's been purposed for.

L-45 And now, this prophet stood and prophesied. The reason that God sends a prophet, the people get so far away from God by traditions of the elders and so forth, and they bring everything into the church that's worldly. And first thing you know they compromise a little here and a little there, and a little here and a little there. And the first thing you know it's nothing but an organization. It's nothing but like a lodge. The people come there and have--have all kinds of soup suppers, and dances, and buncos, and everything else. And the church is no more than a--than a lodge. That's right. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min

L-46 But then, you see then that's way off from the Word. And many honest souls set out in them big mortuaries out there and thinking, "This is it." But, and before God sends His judgment, before He lets anything happen, before deliverance comes for the church, God is just and He sends a voice through the country speaking the Word of the Lord God. Then as soon as God speaks His Word, God is in His Word to make It real and manifest His Word what He said. God is just. He just can't be nothing else but a just God. See? He stands right in behind His Word. When that true Word goes forth... Jesus said, "If ye abide in Me, and My Words in you, then ask what you will, and it'll be done for you." 'Cause it's God's Word; it's got to come forth.

L-47 Now, how... God don't come down and speak it literally with His voice out of the heavens. He's wrote it on paper and expecting me and you to receive the Holy Spirit, to believe that Word. And when we speak that Word, if it's God's true Word, God stands behind it. That's right. God performs the miracles through the hands of His children. As I said here a few nights ago in some church, He's the Vine and we are the branches. The vine doesn't bear fruit. It's the branches bears fruit, but it gets its energy from the vine. Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, comes into the human body, takes a hold of His own Word and moves it, shows visions, speaks in tongues, prophesies. He does all kinds of works to confirm His Word through human instrumentality. That's exactly what He did.

L-48 "Ye are My witnesses. You shall receive power after this the Holy Ghost is come upon you: then you are My witnesses," See? You have to get the thing right first. "Wait in the city of Jerusalem, until you're endued with power. Then you're witnesses to Me." Just in Jerusalem only? No. "Jerusalem, Judaea, Samaria, and to the uttermost parts of the world, you are My witnesses."

L-49 After the--the--the vine and the branch is connected together, or after the vine has put forth a branch... For if one is grafted in, it won't bear the right kind of fruit. But if the vine itself puts forth a branch, it'll be... The kind of life that's in the branch will be in the vine bearing the fruit. Therefore, a true prophet of God says the Word of God is right from A to Z. Every word of it, it's the truth.

L-50 Now, the reason God does those men and sends those men, is because if people won't study the Bible. They won't read the Bible; they won't study; they won't pray, no more than write out a little prayer and say it of a morning, or something another, or run over a few beads, and say something another, and--or hail Mary and God-something. But that's not it. See? But God sends a true prophet, and the Word of the Lord comes to the prophet always. The Word of the Lord comes to the prophet. And then if the Word of the Lord is in the prophet... And then the people can see God in action, God's Word in action in the prophet (There you are.), 'cause God confirms His Word.

L-51 Look at Peter. He saw God at work. Look at Paul, saw God at work. Look at the prophets of old. They saw God at work. Exactly right. You take a man today, a preacher that's preaching the full Gospel, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, they'll look at them men and see God at work. He will have a life that'll reflect anywhere, beyond a reproach, anything. See? It's God working and the people can see. "You are written epistles." What kind of an epistle? An epistle of God, God bearing record that He sent you. So we find out that He sends His prophets, and they are the thing that lights up and shows the Gospel to the people. Praise God. I--I like that. Coming out of the seminary of heaven (Yes, sir), and God confirming that they come from there; not so much knowing of genealogy, but a lot of kneeology coming out. That's right.

L-52 Now, now notice. Now, when we... Gideon, he would been in a terrible condition. He was out there threshing out his wheat. And the first thing you know, he looked over there. And he'd just heard that prophet's message. Now, you'll get that in the 7th to the 10th verse; you can find where he met... The--the--the prophet come and gave the--the message, telling them that to remember that God was God; and He's the same God that delivered them, and for them just to return to Him. Now, wouldn't that be a message for today? My, certainly it would.

L-53 God's still God. God is a God that was at Pentecost. God is a God that was in the burning bush. God is a God that opened up the Red Sea. What do we care about hydrogen bombs, or fallout shelters, or whatmore man can make? "God is our refuge and strength, a very present Help in the time of trouble." He's still God of Abraham, Isaac, God of David. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min Certainly. He's still God. We just want to hear the Word, that's what... We are thankful that we have heard the Word and found it to be so. Yes, sir. He's a Rock, a mighty Tower, and He's a Shelter in the time of storm. So He is our Shelter, "The righteous run into this tower and are safe." Yes, they are safe. That's right. He's on the home plate. He's called safe by the supreme Judge (That's right.), that he's safe. "They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength." He's the House of refuge.

L-54 Now, Gideon, when he was out there threshing his wheat, no doubt but that prophet's message was going through his heart, what that prophet said. "I'm the God of--of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob. I'm the One that brought you out of Egypt. I'm the One that give you what you've got. Turn to Me." There he and his father out there threshing this wheat, and an Angel came to him--or he thought it was an Angel. It happened to turn out it wasn't an Angel; it was God Himself, 'cause it's capital L-O-R-D. You see?

L-55 And when He spoke to Gideon, Gideon was a little surprised. He said, "Now, mighty man of valor..." He didn't know he was. Maybe you don't know you are. You might be many of those mighty men of valor tonight, setting here. "You saying the--the little church, small group?" Oh, my. There was only two there, him and his daddy. There only has to be two here, you and Christ. That's all it takes to be a mighty man of valor. That's right. Now, the first thing you know, what happened? As soon as He spoke to Gideon, "Thou mighty man of valor.," called him, what he could do. And he said, "Nay, Lord. No, Lord. I--I just I--I--I can't believe that."

L-56 Now, He looked like, probably, an old bald-headed man setting over there leaning up against a bush, you know, setting back against the bush, -maybe a sheepskin wrapped around him, or something another, stick in his hand. He wasn't very much to look at. And He said--told him He'd come to commission him to go deliver Israel. The prophet had done give his message, so he said, "I'm sending you to do this." "Why," he said, "Nay, Lord. Nay. No, no. I know the prophet might've said so-and-so and such-and-such as that, but--but remember..." He said, "God is with you." He said, "If God is with us, then where's all of His miracles?" There's the question.

L-57 Well, now, what if he'd have said, "Oh, sure, our organization growed ten thousand this year. God is with us. No, each one of us got so prosperous, everything prospered till each one of us got two Cadillacs apiece." That's what you can't be spiritual nowadays till you own three or four Cadillacs, you know, at least with these things, (See?), something like that, have the biggest thing there is in the country. But listen.

L-58 No, he--he couldn't get that. He didn't say that. You see? He said, "If..." Today we say, "Well, how do you know God's with us? 'Cause we're growing in numbers. We got more churches than we ever had. We got... Why, you know, even the mayor of the city comes to our church. We know. We--we--we're the biggest church in the... We're the best there is. We know that God is with us because our people are prospering; they're wearing better clothes. They're--they're... They got better homes." That's all right. We're thankful for that. But that isn't a sign God's with you.

L-59 Gideon knowed what he was talking about. He said, "Then, sir, if God is with us, where's all of His mighty miracles? That prophet told us that He was a God that brought us up out of Egypt. He smote the land, He delivered them. He's a God of deliverance. And if He ever was God, He's still God." I say the same thing tonight. If He ever was God, He has to always remain God. If He ever was all--the Almighty, He's still the Almighty. Certainly He is. The Bible said, "He's the same yesterday, today, and forever (Hebrews 13:8). Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever."

L-60 He said, "Now, if that be God, if God is with us, where's all the miracles at--at? Where's all the signs that He done?" Now, they might've had all kinds of signs and everything else, but they wasn't Scriptural signs. Now, you--you got to have a Scriptural sign. Jesus said... Some of them said, "Well--well, we got more members. If we got a bigger organization, if we got this, that, or the other, better dressed people, if our churches are growing, our organization, our denomination, our--our--our ministers are better trained, isn't that a sign God's with us?" No, sir. Has nothing to do with it.

L-61 Jesus didn't say, "They'll have better organizations as they grow and--and serve Me, they'll have better churches as 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min they grow and serve Me." Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe; in My Name they shall cast out devils; and speak with new tongues." There you are. That's Scriptural signs. Yes, sir. If Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, then where is He? We have a right to say that.

L-62 When Elisha had followed Elijah... And he said, "I'm going to ask for one thing. That's a double portion of the spirit that's upon you." And he throwed back his robe. Walked down there and took off that robe, struck the Jordan, and said, "Where is the God of Elijah?" She opened again. If the church today... If Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, we have a right to call on Him and say, "Where is the promise that Jesus Christ made that, 'I'll be with you, even in you to the end of the world.' Where is His promise? Let me see Him work His works."

L-63 The thing that has to take its first is Word. Don't go off out here on some tantrum and believe you can do it. You've got to come back to the Word, get conditions right. You've got... You must believe His Word and act upon every Word that He said to see the mighty works of God. Now, remember, if you will just do that (See?), believe His Word, what He said, and then act upon it... You believe that? Now, you just can't walk up and shake hands with the minister, and take a salt-shake and sprinkle a little bit of water on top of you and say, "Now, it's all over. Give them the right hand of fellowship." That ain't Scriptural. No, that ain't right. You can't do that. You've got to follow the Word. You got to do exactly what God said do. That's right.

L-64 You can't say, "Well, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. I believe I received the Holy Ghost when I believed." That's not what the Bible said. No, sir. It isn't. You can believe is right, unto Eternal Life; but then you have to have God to seal it with the Holy Ghost. "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" See? Not when you believe, but after you believe you receive the... After you believed then you were sealed with the Holy Ghost of promise, says the Scripture: after you believe. That's right. But first you have to believe it and act upon it.

L-65 You can't say, "Oh..." There's many sympathizers say, "Oh, the Bible's right. Yes, Brother Branham, I believe that the Bible's right. But you know, I--I don't know." There you are, "But I..." See, there you are, just like an old goat butting his head, you know. Just... See? "But it's all right, but you know, our pastor don't believe that. It's all right, but I--I don't believe it can be done." See, there--there you are again. You see? You'll never see it done. You've got to act. You've got to do something. And when you will take God's promise, and know that it is God's promise, and act upon it, you'll see the mighty miracles of God return back to the church of the living God. That's right. You'll do it.

L-66 Now, just think of this, friends: how could God lie? Are you going to believe a church? When I first... When my mother was dying the other day, she said--told Delores (That's my sister; nine boys and a girl, and Delores was the youngest.), she said, "Delores, you're my youngest. You've loved me, and helped, come down and washed for me, and taken care of me since I've got old." Said, "Billy, you're my first." Said, "You've fed me, and seen that I didn't go hungry, and--and way back before your daddy died, fifteen, twenty-five years ago." And said, "You've always cared for me, and seen that I had food, and fuel, and everything." And said, "Billy, you've been a guide, a spiritual guide to me that's led me to the Lord Jesus." And said, "Now, today I'm going, and I'm happy. I want to go home so bad I don't know what to do." Now. Then I stood there, and I said, "Mama, you know our background is Catholic. Therefore, when I was a little boy and that Voice spoke to me, said, 'Never smoke, drink, or anything. There's a work for you to do when you get older,' I went down to the Catholic church to find out. The priest said this, he said, 'You know, we are the church. We're the body of people. God's in His church.'"

L-67 "Well, then," I thought, "it isn't right, so many of these different ones. I have to go see what the other one says.'" I went over to the Lutherans. They said, "Oh, no. We are the church." I found out what a church was, was a body of people that was called out. Well, they Lutheran pointed one way, Catholic another, Baptist another, Methodist another, Presbyterian another. I couldn't put no faith in that. Which one is--which one the church? Each one had something sounded all right. "You know what I said, mother? I went right back to the Bible. 'Let every man's word be a lie and Mine true.' And I followed that Bible just what It said and I got the same results that they did back there. So I'm..." 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min And we was resting upon that. It's the same results. God's got to keep His Word. That's right. True. If we'll just believe It, obey It, accept It, and act upon It...

L-68 Noah had a promise from God. It was God that spoke to Noah. But Noah, before he could see the mighty miracle of God, he had to go to work on the ark. He had to build the ark holding onto a Word, driving on the boards, beating out the pitch, pouring it into the wood. He had to make the ark ready when it sound crazy to everybody else. But what was he doing? Making it ready anyhow. He must've been on it over a hundred and twenty years a building the ark. Still no sign of anything else but he held onto the Word. He was acting upon his commission. Amen. "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." Act upon your commission, see what God does. Act on your commission. "These signs shall follow them that believe," See? Act on your commission.

L-69 You say, "I--I've received the Word of God." You be prayed for, and the Holy Spirit promised you healing. Then I don't care how long it takes till it comes, still act on your commission. Act like you're healed, giving God praise, just keep going on. That's right. You say, "Well, Brother Branham, I ain't never received the Holy Ghost yet." Accept the promise and keep act... Now, just don't say you've got it because you said it. That won't work. What if the disciples, after they said, "Jesus told us to go up here now and to wait. He's going to send the promise upon us." And about nine days, maybe Matthew or some of them might have come up... Or say, maybe it was Philip, or some of them, come up and said, "Peter, don't you believe we've already received it? Don't you think we've already had it? Because look, He commissioned us to come up here and wait. See? And we--we've been up here; this is nine days. And you know, the other day I kind of had a feeling maybe He'd already give it to us. I believe we better accept it by faith and go on." Amen.

L-70 No, sir. They stayed there and waited till evidence come. Amen. They come there and stayed till they seen something that they could take a hold of and say, "This is it." Why? They had a Scriptural evidence of it. How did they know they was going to get it? Isaiah said, now, Isaiah 28:19: "Precept must be upon precept; line upon line; here a little, and there a little: hold fast to that what's good. For with stammering lips and other tongues will I speak to this people. And this is the rest that I said they should see." Joel, Joel 2:28 said, "It shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I'll pour out of My Spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy. Upon My handmaids and maidservants will I pour out of My Spirit." They were waiting for something to happen that they could look at and see. If Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, let's see what He promised to do. Let's stay with it until it comes. Yes.

L-71 Noah built right on the ark, holding onto it, preaching all the time, standing right in the door of the ark, preaching to them, building away and preaching to them. That's a real prophet of God today, standing right in the ark, Christ Jesus. "If ye be in Me, My Words in you," just keep building, pounding them up everywhere they are, chinking up every hole. Don't let the devil have a loop nowhere. No--no, sir. Stay right in the door and preach. Stand right in the door of the ark and preach. The ark, the door, Christ is the Door to the ark. That's exactly right. "I am the Door to the sheepfold." And so, stay right there and preach.

L-72 Noah, before he saw the mighty miracles of God to know that He was God, he seen the promise first, got the promise, held onto it, and acted upon the promise until he saw the mighty miracle of God. Amen. Yes. Then he seen the mighty miracle of God.

L-73 Moses, going on his road to Egypt with a stick in his hand, as I said the other night; a one-man invasion going down to take over with an old dry stick in his hand. See? He--he done it too. Sure did. Sure did. Why? He was acting. How do you know? "Well, when you get down there, Pharaoh will hang you. He's been looking for you for forty years. And whenever he finds you, you're certainly gone. You killed an Egyptian. You know what it is to even smite an Egyptian is death. And here you done killed one, and hid him, and run away. When you get back down there, it's death." But what was he doing? Acting. Amen. I don't know how many days it took him to get from Midia down there, but he went down. Oh, he went down with that stick in his hand, because he was acting upon what God promised him that He would do. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min

L-74 Now, if God give you an evidence of the Holy Ghost, like He appeared to Moses in fire back there and let him know that He was God, then you ought... If you've seen God heal others, like Moses throwed his stick down once and he knowed He would do it again, turn it to a serpent. He knowed He was God and what He done once He can do again. Just like the prophet said to Gideon, "The God of your fathers brought you up out of Egypt and brought all these miracles and things. He will do it again." That's right. Well, the God that healed the sick is a God that heal you. The God that give the Holy Ghost back there is the God that give it to you. The God that healed Hattie Waldrop there of a cancer laying dead in the line, will heal you. Sure. He's God; that's all. If you expect to see His mighty miracles and His power, then first accept His Word and act upon it. Sure.

L-75 Moses acted first, then he saw God's mighty miracles. When God told him to walk towards the sea, he had to go towards the sea to see the mighty miracles. Whatever he did, he had to obey God to see God's mighty miracles. That's what we have to do. Elijah, when he went out there on top of the mountain, called them up there, said, "Let's see Who's going to be God. Let the God that answers by fire be God," 'cause he knowed that God is a consuming Fire. "Let the God that's got fire, answer." They said, "That's a good idea. We'll go up there." Why, he wasn't afraid that them heathens had anything. When they went to calling upon Baal and cutting themselves, and acting up, and jumping on the altar, he just walked back and forth, said, "Call a little louder, maybe he's pursuing. Maybe he's taking a nap, gone fishing, or something," you know, to. Said, "Holler a little louder." He knowed where he was standing. Yes, sir. A man that's ever got in contact with God and got a commission from God, then all the devils out of hell can't take it out of him. He knows where he's standing. Certainly. Walked back and forth...

L-76 Then when he did, he laid his sacrifice down at the time of the evening offering. Rolled up the twelve stones to show fellowship, all the twelve tribes of Israel, and he walked out there and said, "Now, Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel (called Him His prince name. See?), of Israel, let it be known today that Thou art God, and I'm Your prophet, and I've done all this at Your Word." There you are. What was it? Acting upon His Word. What happened? The fire fell. Yes, sir. It consumed the sacrifice. He saw, and all the people saw, the mighty work of God when he acted upon God's Word.

L-77 Joshua. He marched around that wall just exactly like the chief Captain told him to do it. He was out one afternoon walking. He was wondering how he was going to get the walls. He knowed that he was--he was the... The enemy was defeated because they was inside the wall. But how was he going to get in there? So he took a little stroll one afternoon to meditate. (That's a good thing, get away from everybody and get to yourself awhile.) He seen a man standing with his sword drawed. Joshua thought maybe that might've been one of the aliens, so he jerked his sword, and run at him. He said, "Are you for us, or are you of our enemy?" He said, "I'm the Captain of the host of the Lord." And He told him what to do.

L-78 Now, it's kind of a hard thing, think you could blow a trumpet and a wall fall down. But he acted. See, God makes it so simple and silly, it goes plumb over the top of the head of the learned. It takes those unlearned that don't know very much to understand it; that's all. When you go try to figure it out, you can't figure it out. You've got to take God's Word for it, the way He said to do it, not the way we think to do it, but the way He said to do it. That's it, do it just the way He said do it. And Joshua marched just according to the commandment. And what happened? He took God at His Word and acted upon It, and he saw the walls fall and the enemy die.

L-79 The Hebrew children, they were acting upon the Word of God. God told them they should not bow down to any image, and they should not do it. So the king said, "You'll either bow down or I'll throw you in the fiery furnace." They said, "Now, wait a minute, our God is able to deliver us. We know what He will do. But we're not going to bow down to your image anyhow." So they was acting upon the Word of God when God performed a mighty miracle, and sent the fourth Man down among them, like that, and kept the fire off of them. What was they doing? Acting upon the Word of God and saw God's mighty miracle. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min We could say another: Daniel. Daniel was acting upon the Word of God. He bowed towards the temple, no matter who said. They... Wasn't ashamed of his religion, and he prayed three times a day, acting upon the Word of God. And he saw it.

L-80 Now, Gideon... (I'll hurry.) Gideon, now, he wasn't sure. He wasn't too positive. Here was just an old man setting, leaning back against a tree, telling him what to do. He said, "Now, I don't know. How am I going to do it?" He said, "Wait here just a minute." And he went and got an offering. He took the offering and laid it upon the altar. This old fellow might've creeped up there with His stick like this and touched that altar. The sacrifice was taken. Then Gideon was ready to act. Why? He'd seen the living Word of God in action. Amen. He saw God's living Word. He knowed that God was living in that--that monument of a Man there, that that was God. He called Him, "LORD." Of course he disappeared. He said an Angel of the Lord, which is just a manifestation, like Jesus being the Son of God, yet He was God. God was in Him. But this is a manifestation, a Angel of God like had met Abraham. And yet Abraham called the man L-o-r... capital L-o-r-d, "Elohim." Anyone knows that reads the Greek Bible or the Hebrew, knows that Elohim is the Almighty. See, He was there in that--manifested in that little--that little body of clay setting there. Old Fellow leaning up against a tree like He was tired. But He took that stick, and touched that sacrifice, and it went up in a flame. See? Then Gideon knowed that that was the living Word of God. Gideon was ready to act. Amen.

L-81 Then after he got ready to act, He give him so many thousand. He said, "There's too many cowards in here." Just kept on, kept on hunt them down, 'cause he got them that was--that God had called for. That's right. Sometimes when we see things going wrong, dropping off, maybe God's just getting an army ready (That's all.), or some fighters ready. You can't never tell. God... He was ready to act... When he saw the living Word of God, he was ready to act upon it. When we see God living in His Word, then let's be ready to act upon it. If we see a woman that's so low till the dogs will hardly look at her, and see the Holy Ghost take that woman and straighten her up and make a lady out of her, man, we ought to be ready to act upon that living Word. [Brother Branham knocks on pulpit--Ed.]

L-82 One night in a room... (I hope I don't take too much of your time.) I--I went into a room when a big campaign, and they had a room twice this size just full of straight jackets, and insane, and things. I walked into the room. There was one of the prettiest women I ever seen setting there, a young lady. I said, "How do you do?" And she said, "How do you do, Brother Branham?" And I said, "Well, I don't know where to start first." She said, "Perhaps with me." I said, "With you?" Why, she was a nice, clean-looking girl, big brown eyes, and pretty long hair hanging down her back, and--and she was such a nice-looking woman. And I said, "You're not a patient?" She said, "Yes, I am." And I said, "In this insane place?" She said, "Yes, sir." I said, "What happened?" And she said, "Well, I'd like for you to hear my story." I said, "Go right ahead, sister, I'd like to hear it."

L-83 She said, "Well, Brother Branham," said, "when was a girl," said, "I was raised up with Christian parents that really believed God." And she said, "I went to church." But said, "All at once I got to going with a boy that smoked." And said, "I happened to find out that he drank. And one night he wanted to get me to drink, and I wouldn't do it." Said, "I absolutely wouldn't do it. And he persuaded me to eat some candy, or, no, drink a Coke, was one night, and he had some stuff in it." And said, "I wasn't a moral girl no more." And said, "Then I thought, 'What's the use?'" Said, "I just throwed my life away. And I become a regular street prostitute." And said, "Then I--I--I just did everything that was mean. I got to drinking; I got to be an alcoholic."

L-84 And she said, "Then somebody told me to change my religion. I went away to the Good Shepherd's Home in the 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min Catholic church, changed my religion. They sent me up there for two or three years." Said, "I done fine. I got back out." Said, "When I got back out, I was right back at it again." And she said, "I went on like that for about a year. The law picked me up and sent me to the woman's penitentiary, and I served there two years" and said then, "for delinquency." And said, "Then I... Then after I got out of there, I come back." And said, "I tell you, Brother Branham," said, "that's just been about two or three months ago." Said, "I'm back doing the same thing that I always did." And I said, "Well, that's a shame." I said, "A pretty woman like you? Don't you think about having a husband sometime, and babies, and like any woman would do that's got any lady about her at all?"

L-85 She said, "Oh, yes, Brother Branham." She said, "Who would have me?" See? Said, "What could I offer a man?" Said, "I've nothing but a cruel life, get drunk and carry on and things." Said, "What could I do?" And I said, "Well, God can straighten that out." She said, "Mr. Branham, I've prayed and turned over new pages and everything else." Said, "I--I--I just don't know what's the matter with me." Kept just catching her spirit to see what was wrong... You see? And just kept watching for a few minutes, and she said... I said, "Well, now, I'll tell you, perhaps maybe you and I'll pray." She said, "All right, Brother Branham." She got down and we prayed. And I said, "You pray now." And she prayed, said, "God..." And she prayed and prayed. After while she got up and she looked at me; she said, "Well, Brother Branham..."

L-86 And I put my hand on her shoulder, and I said, "God bless you, sister." And she raised up, said, "I believe it's all over now." She said, "I'm going to go out of here and try to live a different life." I said, "Sister, you'll go out and live the same life you lived," See? I said, "You're just turning a page." I said, "It's not right yet." So I said, "Let's pray some more." And we got down, and we kept praying. After while she struck something. My, It changed (Yes, sir.) from like a little kid pecking on a music till it went to making music. Yes, sir. It got some rhythm in it, you know. After while she got to really praying. After while she begin to scream, and the tears running down them painted cheeks up like that. Directly, when she raised up them great big brown eyes, looked at me, she said, "Brother Branham, something's happened." I said, "Yes, sir." Yes, sir.

L-87 She's married and got three or four children now. What was it? She took God and stayed with it till actually something happened. That's it. Something had taken place. The living Word become a living reality to her. And when God plants His promise in you and it becomes a living reality, then something is different. You just don't go and say, "Yes, I believe it." Now, that's all right. The devil believes it like that. But it's confirmed to you, and the--the Word becomes alive in you. Then you begin to see what it is. Yes.

L-88 John the Baptist, he was... Strange, John's father was a priest. We know that, that he was a priest. Instead of going out now when you... I guess it was kind of hard on him and his mother to--to find out that little John, being promised the way he was, and he was going to be a mighty man of God. But they knowed they'd never live to see it, 'cause they was getting too old. At about nine years old they say his father and mother died. Instead of John going back to the--to study the priesthood, he knew... John knew, he was to announce the Messiah. So instead of going down and studying in the school, and get a Bachelor of Art and a Ph.D., and LL.D., and Q.U.S.D, and all the rest of it, you know, that goes with it... So then, instead of going getting all of that, he took out to the wilderness, 'cause the message must come from God. And God...

L-89 Now, he knowed there'd be all kinds of signs, and all kinds of this, 'cause it always is that way, phonies and everything else, 'cause it just does it to hide the real thing. There's a lot of people act like they got the Holy Ghost, and go out and live any kind of a life. That's just an old scarecrow, to try to scare you away from the real thing. Where's all the scarecrows at? Not on a sour apple tree; on the good apple tree (That's right.), is where the scarecrows 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min is. And the devil puts all kinds of scarecrows around the real thing. He don't have to worry about the other one; they ain't going to bother it anyhow. So then, they... When you got that real thing, that's where the scarecrows rise. That's where the bogus dollar is so close, you know, to deceive the very elect if possible, said Jesus. You see? That's where you watch, right along that line there. See?

L-90 So then we find out that John didn't want to be all confused. So he waited out there until he heard from God. And God told him what kind of a sign the Messiah would have. So John was acting upon the Word of God. They come down and said, "John, are--are you the Messiah?" "Nope." Said, "Are you that prophet?" "Nope." "Are you Jeremiah, Isaiah, Elijah, any of them?" "Nope." Said, "I'm not Him. But He's standing in your midst somewhere now. There's One among you now." How was he so sure? Because he knowed it was time for the Word of God to be fulfilled. Amen.

L-91 What we ought to do today, brother... It's time that the Word of God's fulfilled. It's time that the signs follow the believer. It's time for the evening Lights to go to shining. It's time for Jesus Christ to manifest Himself the same yesterday, today, and forever. This is not a teaching; this is a saying. Remember. Let me quote it again: not a teaching; a saying, to make a parable. God wrote three Bibles. One of them was in the skies. Man could look up to realize his Creator come from there, the zodiac. What's the first thing in the zodiac? Starts off with the virgin. What's the last figure in the zodiac? Leo, the lion.

L-92 First time Christ come was through the virgin. Next time He comes is through the lion of the tribe of Juda. The crossed fishes, the cancer age, and all, as you read it through, as Job studied it... And you who read the book of Job, you'll understand. Now, the devil, 'course, takes and does things with that. Then we come back to the next one they call the pyramid teaching. Don't never go after it. You got a Bible to go after. See? Now, the next was the pyramid, but if you just get the real meaning behind it... Now, watch the pyramid for the church age. Did you know... look on... You got a dollar bill? Look on the back of it. There is a pyramid. On the other side, there's the seal of the United States. Why would the United States recognize, under the pyramid, the Great Seal? Look just above that top stone, that topped off the pyramid, and you'll see it standing there with a light shining around it. See? What's it up there for? That's the Great Seal.

L-93 Why didn't that... They never did put a cap on the stone. I've been there at the pyramid. Why didn't they put a cap on it? Because it was rejected. That was the cornerstone, where all the other stones was fit together. It was speaking of the church age. Look way down here at the Lutheran age, way back in the majority. Back there, just to confess Christ was my, just means to be a Christian, justification. Along come Wesley, sanctification, a little narrower: sanctification. Then along come the Pentecost, baptism of the Holy Ghost. What is it? Shaping up. Justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost.

L-94 Now, what's He doing? That's got to be honed out so perfect, that church brought into such a place, that the Stone that's coming to fit on top of it... See what I mean? That pictures the church. And through it all is the church. Now, that's--that's just--that's making a--a parable, I'm talking about. Don't try to go into it. Then, the next Bible, the real Bible, is This. This is our Word. Just them signs and things they had back there... But notice, how perfect that stone. It was rejected. They never did put it on. Why? And if you go there, them stones up in that pyramid that weighs thousands of tons, that is so closely fit together you can't put a razor blade--and no mortar in it--so perfectly honed together. Then if that had to be like that to make each age fit together, then what's it going to be when the coming...

L-95 Don't you see the church shaping up? Luther, justification; Wesley, sanctification; then come the Holy Ghost. And now, church getting honed and fixed, then without spot or wrinkle, so Him that had no spot or wrinkle can come down and--and connect it together for the resurrection, for the church of the living God to take its flight into the glory. yes. See? Yes. Now, we're living in that day. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min

L-96 Now, John was looking for that to come. He said, "I'll know Him. He's out there, I don't know where He is. He's standing out there." Maybe some bishop walked up and said, "You know, I've been having a peculiar feeling going over me for a while. You know, maybe I'm the Messiah." He said, "Get away." Said John, "That's not Him." All right. Here come another one along, said, "You know what? I've got the highest degree. I'm Caiaphas, the high priest. If there'd be anybody anointed for the Messiah, a man, it would be me." "No, no, no; no, that's not Him." But John said, "He that told me in the wilderness to go baptize with water said upon Whom I shall see the Spirit descending and remaining on, He's the One that'll baptize with the Holy Ghost and fire."

L-97 And remember, John saw it and nobody else saw it. It was a sign given to John to see it. And he saw it, and John was sure. And the reason he could announce, "That is the Messiah..." "How can you be sure?" "I'm following the Word of God." How can I be sure this man is a believer? I'm following the Word of God. God said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Not because he's got a Bachelor of Art, because he's a Ph.D., or LL.D., or bishop, priest, cardinal, or pope. See? That has nothing to do with it. That's man-made traditions. Hallelujah.

L-98 The Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe: In My Name they shall cast out devils (can't even deny it. See?), speak with new tongues; take up serpents or drink deadly things; lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." Jesus said, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do also." What kind of works did He do? There you are. Did He organize a school? Send His disciples away for schooling? Did He teach Peter an education? He couldn't even write his own name. The Bible said him and John was not only unlearned but they were ignorant, ignorant and unlearned; but they had something to offer the man. Silver and gold, they wasn't interested in it, no education. "But what I have, I'll give you. In the Name of Jesus Christ rise up and walk." Hallelujah. That was their credentials. That's what they needed. They was following the Word of God. Then they saw the miracle of God, when they followed the Word of God. Paul setting preaching one time, he'd seen a man had faith. He said, "I perceive you have faith to be healed. Stand up." That was it. Yes, sir. It was... What was he? You want to see a miracle of God? Follow the Word of God.

L-99 Quickly, Martha. Oh, my. Poor little thing was heartbroken. She'd left her big church, her and Mary. They had harbored Jesus, made Him a little place in Bethany. After He... He was had no place to stay. They'd give Him a home there with them, with her, Martha, and Mary, and Lazarus. And they thought that He surely was the Messiah, and all this. And the brother got sick. See how God lets things happen? Just tear you all to pieces to test you. Every child that comes to God must be tried and tested. "Think it not strange, beloved, when fiery trials comes." It's all done to prove your faith. See?

L-100 And so Jesus went away. And He said He's going away. And so then they sent for Him, said Lazarus got sick. So they sent, said, "The one you love is sick." Jesus never paid a bit more attention to it than nothing, went right on, went to another city. And more runners come and said, "Lazarus is sick. He's ready to die, come on back." Jesus just ignored it as if nothing had happened, went right on. See? He'd already seen what the Father was going to do, 'cause He said in St. John 5:19, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing till He sees the Father do it. And what the Father showeth the Son, that's what He... I work... He worketh, and worketh hitherto," See? "I only do what He shows Me to do." Now, He didn't lie. He can't lie. He never performed one miracle until first God showed Him by a vision what to do (St. John 5:19). If it isn't, that Word's wrong. Then if it's wrong, what kind of a Bible are we reading. See? It's all inspired, all right. See? But He did it, and all the prophets, just as God showed Him what to do.

L-101 He walked by and healed that man laying there that had prostate trouble, or TB, or something or another, and had it thirty-eight years. It was retarded, wasn't going to kill him. Left thousands laying there lame, blind, halt and withered, and walked right away from them 'cause that's what... He said He knew that man had been in that condition for that time. See? Then He told them, "I can't do nothing till the Father shows Me what to do." Now, we find out. 'Course that was a great flaw, they thought that, against Him. But He only acted to please God. And any man that's 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min serving God will act to please God. He will do what God tells him to do, absolutely.

L-102 Martha, she was aware that He was... After while... Now, Martha, they had been saying that she wasn't--she was dilatory and things about keeping her house clean. But when the showdown come, she showed her color. Yes, sir. Mary was setting weeping, because her brother was dead. But Martha went out and met the living Word. "In the beginning was the Word, the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us." He was the living Word of God (That's right.), God's Word made manifest. No wonder He could stand and discern the thoughts of the people. Now, the Bible said... You say, "Oh, is that the Word?" Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Don't you know the Bible? Hebrews 4 said, "The Word of God is sharper, more powerful than a two edged sword, piercing to the... asunder of the marrow of the bone, and a discerner of the thoughts of the heart," the Word of God, when it's in you. Yes, sir. The Word of God manifested in Him.

L-103 So Martha, when she come up... And she fell down at His feet, and she said, "Lord," Lord, that's what He was, "if You'd have been here my brother would not died," See? Said, "But even now, whatever You ask God, God will do it." Oh, there you are. There you are. "No matter what you've done, your attitude, you're following what God said do. Whether you said this or that, or whether you did come, or didn't come, whatever you ask God, God will give it to you." He said, "Thy brother shall rise again." Said, "Yea, Lord, he will rise in the last days. He will rise... He's a good man, he will--he will rise in the general resurrection." He said, "I am the Resurrection and Life: he that believeth in Me, though he were dead, yet shall he live." Nobody could say that but Him. "He that liveth and believeth in Me shall never die. Believest thou this?" She said, "Yea, Lord: I believe that You are the Son of God, that was to come into the world." There you are.

L-104 What is it? She's acting. She wants to see a miracle, so she's finding out what the Word says. "I believe the Word. It's standing there in the form of the Son of God. His Words is not His. 'Not Me that speaketh, but the Father that dwelleth in Me.' Whatever comes from them little lips of Yours that speaks, I'll believe it's the commission of God. (Oh, my, my.) You are the Messiah." What is Messiah? The anointed One. "You are God's anointed One."

L-105 God had an anointed one in a lesser measure one day, and his name was Elijah. And there Elisha... And the woman had a baby that died. And she went up to this servant of God, and she said, "Thou man of God." She recognized him. And that anointed one of God come and walked through the floor (Oh, my.), laid his body upon that little dead baby, and it sneezed seven times and come to life. And if God did that by His anointed prophet, how much more will He do by Immanuel? "I believe that You are the Son of God." If you ever get anything from God, you've got to believe God's servant, God's Word. See? And He was the Word. "I believe. Just tell me what to do." "Where have you laid him?" Down He went to the grave, weeping like a man. When He got down there, what did He say now do when you get here? See, you got something to do too, you know. Said, "Take ye away the stone, if you want to see a miracle."

L-106 You sick people tonight, if you want to see a miracle, take away the stone. Take away that stone, that sin that lays at the door. What is it? Say, "Brother Branham, I don't do nothing." But if you don't believe it, it can't happen. Take away that stone of unbelief and watch what happens. Just take away the stone. And when she obeyed the Word of the Lord, she saw a miracle. Sure.

L-107 The woman at the well, she was kind of under... She didn't know what to say. She seen this Jew setting there. "Now, it's funny that that Jew would talk to me. I'm a woman of Samaria. Wonder what His cause is?" She said, "Well, you say... you Jews say, 'Worship at Jerusalem.' Our fathers worshipped in this mountain." He said, "Woman, I'm telling you now that neither in Jerusalem, or neither in this mountain. But God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship in the Spirit and Truth." She knew that sounded right. If God is God of one, He's God of all, all His creation. Yes, sir. And so she looked, you know. Race and tribe and color had nothing to do. God made them all. God of one man made all nations out of Adam. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min There we find out that the--the color of the skin and the--their tradition, or their church membership had nothing to do with it. It's an honest heart He's looking for. So He looked down there... And she seen again, she said... Then first thing you know, He contacted her and found out where her trouble was. She'd been living with the wrong man, and He said, "Go, get your husband and come here." She said, "I don't have any husband." He said, "That's right. You've had five, and the one you're living with now is not your husband."

L-108 She turned. What? She'd met the living Word. She said, "Sir, I perceive that You're a prophet. Now, we don't know about any prophet in this day rising. But we know that when the Messiah cometh, that's going to be the sign that He will show us. He will tell us these things." He said, "I'm He that speaks to you." Oh, my. What did she see? A whole city turn to God. Why? She followed the Word of the Lord. "I am He that speaketh." And she run into the city and said, "Let's read the Scriptures. Don't the Bible say that'll be the sign of the Messiah? Come, see a Man out here that's told me the very things that I'm doing."

L-109 How do you know? Just like John did. How do you know he's standing among you? It's the age for it. How do you know it is? That's the very Messiah, because it's time for Messiah to appear. Don't you see what I mean? It's time for this church to be on its feet. It's time for the Pentecostal movement to wake up. Pull yourself away from your traditions that you're shaking yourself into. Shake yourself, and ask for the old way. Knock the ecclesiastical dust off of yourself. Rise up in the Name of Jesus Christ. Rise, and take God at His Word and march forward.

L-110 If God be with us, where is His miracles? Where are they at? Where do we see those signs? If God's in all these churches and these great big ecclesiastical towers, and so forth, and all these Ph.D.'s and things, show me His miracles. Where is God? Glory. That's it. Where is God? Where's His miracles? Where God appears, He's supernatural. His supernatural signs follows a supernatural God. God is... Where's all of His miracles at?

L-111 She seen the miracle of God, the sign of the Messiah. She caused the whole city... The Bible said that all the men... Jesus didn't do it any more. They believed the testimony of the woman. She had the privilege then of leading all the whole city to Christ, because she followed His Word and seen that He will--could perform a miracle, knew that it was. The Pentecostal people... The Pentecostal, one hundred and twenty, that went... After they had believed Him, they went and obeyed Him, waited in the upper room until they was endued with power from on high. Cowards, pulled the window blinds down, barred the windows, a little old upper room. Went outside the temple, went up along the side and went in a door, up there for ten days and nights, just waiting.

L-112 Brother, when the Word was made manifest, they got out of the windows and doors and out into the streets. Something had happened. Why? They had seen a miracle. They seen lights like tongues of fire setting upon each one of them. They'd felt the power of the Holy Ghost shake. They both seen and felt. They knowed something happened. They run out to try to testify of it and couldn't even speak their own language. Something happened. Three is a witness. They felt it; they saw it; and they watched it manifest itself: felt it, saw it, and heard it. Amen. Three is a witness. And there He was, there they see it. The same now, all of His promises. If you want to see them be made manifest, only thing you have to do is just keep His Word. Obey His Word and He will do it. Oh, my. All right.

L-113 If you go out here on any day, if the time is right in the day... Do you believe it is time for the Messiah to appear? Do you believe it's time for the church to show His Presence? to show the Presence of Christ? And instead of you want to go to church and join the church and say, "We Presbyterians... We Baptists... We Methodists... We Pentecostals... We So-and-so, and we... We're--we're--we're the ones, we--we got this and we got that." That day is dead as midnight (That's right. See?), just doing that. That's right.

L-114 But it's time for the evening Lights to be shining. As the song says, "It shall be light in the evening time." It's time for those evening Lights to shine. This is the time. Now, what's to keep them from shining? You go out any day, any day you want to, and just move back all the clouds, 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min and the sun is shining anyhow. The sun's shining all the time. Just move the clouds. The same God that healed, the same God that filled with the Holy Ghost, the same God made every promise, is... The S-o-n of God is shining at all times. Just move the clouds of doubt away. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever.

L-115 But we got a lot of ecclesiastical clouds that's shaded Him off from us. A lot of denominational nonsense has kept Christ from us. Just fan back, by prayer, every one of those old clouds and see if Christ doesn't appear the same as He ever was; if He doesn't appear in the same Light, the same power, the same signs, the same wonder. See if He isn't still the same Messiah. Amen. Knock back all the clouds; wave them back from one side, see if it isn't. Sure. If you... But first thing you got to do is believe and act. Now, that's the--right.

L-116 The mighty man of valor. was correct. If God be with us, then let us see His miracles. Where's all the miracles? Where is the signs? If Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, then where is the sign that He's the same? What did He promise? St. John 14:12, "The works that I do shall you do also." Where is it? He promised it. "As it was in the days of Lot, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man," when God came down. We never know where that body went. There's three of them, three Angels. One of them was God Himself come down in a human form, stood there and eat with Abraham. That's right. He stood there and talked with Abraham about the--the things... He said, "I'm not going to keep this from Abraham; I'm going down to Sodom, I heard it's awful wicked. I'm going down to find out." Abraham fed Him milk, corn bread--hoecakes, you know, corn bread and some veal chops; and He eat it. Right. You say, "God eat that." Jesus eat after His resurrection. Sure He done. Sure, He stood there and eat it. Someone said, "That wasn't God." Well then, Abraham was wrong then. He called Him, "Elohim." He knew it was God.

L-117 God, what was He doing? He was showing something. Just like He cast out the bondswoman and her child at the--freewoman and her child... That's the reason Abraham didn't want to marry Hagar. But He--she said, "Marry her. Listen to what Sarah tells you" because it had to be fulfilled. The prophet had to lay on his side for so many hundred days and the other side. What? For a sign. And He was showing a sign there: God manifested in the flesh, said... Jesus turned around, His Son, when He came on earth and said, "As it was in the days of Noah (eating, drinking, marrying, giving in marriage, that'll be what it'll be at the end of time) and as it was in the days of Lot, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man." As I said last night, there's always three elements: Unbelievers, make-believers and believers. And there was the Sodomites, the unbeliever. There was Lot, the make-believer. And there was Abraham, the elected church, called-out. See?

L-118 Here we set today. Here we are today. There's the unbeliever, the Sodomites. Look at them out there: women walking through the streets wearing shorts, smoking cigarettes, bobbing their hair, calling themselves Christians. Yeah. Oh, my, doing all these kind... Yeah, calling themselves Christians. Oh, yes, sir. Parties, dancing... Man perverted. I get letters after there... Homosexual on the increase. You see the... I get the government's statistics of it. Increased thirty percent last year. Perversion, natural course of human life perverted, Sodom... Look at the cold, formals just right into it, just the same, wallowing with the hogs.

L-119 Watch that messenger that went down there, two of them: a modern Billy Graham, as it was, preaching and blinding them with the Word. Then there was a church that didn't do--that was called-out, that elect church. Glory, glory. The elected church, Abraham and his group, what appeared to them? The messenger that appeared to Abraham, called him what his name was that God had give him just a few days before from Abram to Abraham, from Sarai to Sarah. And said, "Where is your wife, Sarah?" called her name. Said, "She's in the tent behind You." Said, "I'm going to visit you, Abraham, according to the promise I made you, the time of life with Sarah." And Sarah laughed to herself, kinda like that. He said, "Why did Sarah laugh?" What was it? It was God. [Brother Branham knocks on pulpit--Ed.]

L-120 Jesus so much as said, before the time come that that elected church, that Pentecostal group... Now, Pentecost is not an organization. Now, you brothers that's got the Pentecostal Assemblies, the Pentecostal Oneness, the Pentecostal Church of God, the Pentecostal Foursquare, and all that, you're fooling yourself. That's an organization which is all 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min right. I have nothing against it. But you're not the group. Pentecost is an experience that Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, that--that the Assemblies, and the Foursquare, and the Church of God, and the--why, the Jesus' Name, and all the rest of them can have it, if they'll just obey the Word of God and follow after Him. They'll see the miracle of God will change their live and the things will fall away and they'll become... The Methodist can have it; the Catholic can have it; the Presbyterian can have it. How many Catholics, was once Catholic, raise up your hand. Can't the Catholic have it? How... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-121 Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man." It's evening time. Where is God? If God is with us, where is the miracles? Now, Hebrews 13:8 said "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever." Do you believe it? Let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, such a wonderful group of people to speak to. And I may never get this privilege again, may never be here again. Oh, God, we may never see morning come. Science is trying to tell us that there's five stars going to fall together. That's why they say all the world, the nations, they're froze up on this side of the earth--continent. Here's Phoenix with pouring rains and weathers that they've never seen. They claim that five stars are moving together out yonder. Some says the world will burst like a watermellon. We don't believe that, Lord, there's to be a millennium yet. But some says there'll be earthquakes that'll shake the houses all over. Some of them says that great tidal waves will go three hundred feet in the air in the next few days.

L-122 The world's a trembling. "There'll be fearful signs," You said in the last days, sights. "Signs in the heaven and in the earth; fire and vapor and pillars of smoke, earthquakes in divers places, perplexity of time, distress between nations; man's heart failing for fear." But that time, Lord, You said, "Lift up your head, your redemption's drawing nigh." Now, Father, we're going to lift up our head tonight above our organization. I'm going to lift up my head above the group that I belong to, the Christian Business Men. I want every man, every Methodist to lift his head above it; every Baptist, every Assembly, every Foursquare, Oneness, or Jesus' Name, or whatever they are, Lord, lift their head above it. Look up yonder where Jesus said; look what He said, "If I--if I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw all men unto Me."

L-123 Oh, God, let us see Him setting yonder on the right-hand of the Majesty of God, setting there on the throne of God tonight, ever living, the High Priest to make intercessions upon our confession, a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Lord, I've just got through preaching, when a prophet, or preacher goes forth and preaches the Word, and if it doesn't come to pass then don't hear that prophet. That's what Your Word says. But if it does come to pass, then hear that prophet for I'm with him. Lord, I've said to the people tonight that You're the same Jesus, yesterday, today, and forever. Your time is at hand and the evening Lights are shining, and all these things that I have announced. Now, Father, give a group out here that's got faith now to believe it. Let the faith that was in Christ, the mind that was in Christ, come in us. And if we have the mind of Christ, if I can have His mind in me tonight, there's a little woman setting in here, maybe somewhere, that's got a blood issue that could touch the High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities.

L-124 Then if His mind be in us, He will act the same way, because He is the High Priest. And He's the Word of God; He is the Word of God. And if the Word of God be dwelling in us, then It's sharper than a two edged sword to preached sermons that'll cut to the core, that'll lay out the axe to the root of the tree, and it's also a discerner of the thoughts of the heart. Now, Father, let Thy Word be known. We believe It. This little church believes It, Lord; these people believe It; this pastor believes It; these other pastors believes It. We're together tonight in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. You said, "Wherever two or three are gathered in My Name, there I'll be in the midst of them. And the works that I do, shall they do also. A little while and the world will see Me no more, yet, ye shall see Me (the believer), for I'll be with you all the way to the end of the world." I believe You, Lord. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever.

L-125 Now, Father, for this little group I'm going to call a prayer line to pray for the people. I pray that You'll heal every person that's in this building tonight. Grant it, Lord. May these prophets setting here on the platform, prophets out there 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min in the meeting, godly men, called men, separated men from the things of the world, separated women, separated young girls, separated young boys from all this rock and roll and nonsense of the world. Little ladies and gentlemen that's really Spirit-filled that belong to these full Gospel churches, that let's their light shine... Women that wouldn't smoke a cigarette or do anything wrong for nothing; true and loyal to Christ and to their husband... Husbands that's true to Christ and their wife and their family...

L-126 Lord God, Abraham stood true to You upon Your promise. Abraham's seed which we are by faith in Christ, we stand true to the promise. And You made Yourself known to Abraham just before the promised son appeared. The promised son came after that sign. Now, Father, we're looking for the promised Son. Let the sign appear. Grant it, Lord. Just then the fire fell, and we're looking for it at any time, the last sign. May it be so, Lord, as we all commit ourselves. I take this little church under the control of the Holy Spirit. And in the Name of Jesus Christ we present ourselves to You. That we might see You here, Lord, a visible, living evidence that Jesus Christ still lives. Grant it, Lord. Bless this little church and its lovely little pastor. I pray, God, Your Presence will ever remain here and the power of God will sweep the city from this place. Grant it, Father. In Jesus' Name we pray. Amen.

L-127 I'm sorry to keep you so long. That's awfully hard and cutting and so forth. And anyone knows and hears me preach, that I'm not a preacher, I--I am--I've not got the education to be a preacher, call myself one. But, brother, sister, I do love the Lord Jesus. He's give me another way to let you know that I'm telling you the truth. What little I have--I know about Him; I don't know very much about Him, but what I know it's real, it's just so real. I wish I knowed what some people did know about Him, maybe I could, it'd be more real to me if I could know Him in another way. But much as I know of Him, I know He keeps every Word that I know He's promised. I know it's the Truth. God bless you.

L-128 Now, let's just sing one little chorus of a song "I Love Him". How many knows that old song? Just real sweetly now to worship Him in the Spirit now. I love Him, I love Him, Because He first loved me; And purchased my salvation, On Calvary. Now, while the sister chords that sweetly... [Brother Branham begins to hum "I Love Him."--Ed.] Get your mind on Him now. As they begin to think on Him...

L-129 Cleopas and his friend was walking one day talking about Him and He stepped right out. Walked with Him all day, they didn't know Him. But when He got them shut in, in a little building like this, He did something like He did before He was crucified. No other man could do it like that, and they knew it was Him. But He vanished out of their sight, gone out the door just in a minute. See? They knew the Lord had risen. May He come tonight and do something like He did before His death. Then we'll know in this age that He is risen from the dead. For if He is the same Jesus, He will act in the same way He did.

L-130 Now, while we're doing this, humming it, I want you to shake--hold of somebody's hand setting next to you say, "Sister, brother, I'm going to be praying for you that you'll get healed tonight, get all the blessings of God that you desire." Just say that as you--to each other as we... "Because... "[Brother Branham steps away and greets others--Ed.] God give to you everything you desire. You get everything you...?... God bless you. You get everything you desire...?... everything you desire... everything you desire. I love Him, I love Him, Because He first loved me; And purchased my salvation, On Calvary's tree.

L-131 Together... [Brother Branham and the congregation say the Lord's Prayer--Ed.] Our Father Who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy Name. Thy kingdom come. Thine will be done in earth, as it is in heaven. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us of our trespasses, as we forgive those that trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen. I... [A sister speaks to Brother Branham and gives a testimony--Ed.]...?... Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Thanks be to God. Thank you. He is ever present. Isn't He wonderful? Then... I love Him, (Isn't He wonderful to heal that lady?) I... Because... And purchased my salvation, On Calvary's tree.

L-132 Oh, He's wonderful, isn't He? Praise be to God. So wonderful. All right. Prayer cards, from 1 to [A brother speaks to Brother Branham about the prayer cards--Ed.] Give out prayer cards 1 to 50? 1 to 50, let's just get a few of them. Now, we just... Where'd we call... Well, it's a different group tonight, isn't it? Is it the same letter? "B" and "C." Let's call from "C" one to--let's see how many we can get. Let's call one to ten; one B or C-1. One, prayer card one who has it? Raise up your hand. Has the lady there got it? You have prayer card 5, all right, 5. Who's got 1? Maybe I was wrong. What? All right. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5... Stand them right here.

L-133 Just... Would you little children just kind of go back by the door there. Come right up here, sweethearts, if you will. You want to come up here on the platform. I guess that'd be all right. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15. Let... Line up from 1 to 15. Let's start with them, 'cause we--I doubt you can get that many in there or not; just what you can get. Huh? Where you get... 1 to 15. [Brother Branham speaks to a brother--Ed.] Now, brother, if I... It's been a privilege being here tonight.

L-134 All right. How many in the building now that does not have a prayer card and yet you want the Lord Jesus to make you well? Raise up your hands. Everywhere in here that's not going to be in the prayer line, raise up your hands who's sick. It's just all over the building. You could... Now, look, while they're getting the--the people's getting their places, I want you to do this. I want you to say like this now. Now remember, if--if that--if that isn't the Word of God, then I don't know it. That's--that's a promise.

L-135 Now, if Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, now, He's got to act the same as He did. He's got to be the way in every principle, only a corporal body. 'Cause His corporal body is still a Sacrifice on the throne of God. And He sets there and His--His bloody garment is the--the propitiation for our sins. He, Himself, is acting as a High Priest to make intercessions upon what we confess that He has done. See? Now, it's not by feeling; it's by faith. See? You could just beat, and cry, and everything else, it'll never work. It ain't... Jesus never did say, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" See? "Did you believe it?"

L-136 You've got to believe it, because (See?), He... You can't make the Word contradict Itself. It's got to run perfect, just like them blocks and things. See? It's got to run perfect. One dovetailing with the other and you lap them over. See? You can't do it. So Christ is perfect. So His Word's perfect. Now, He is a High Priest to make intercession upon our confession. We confess of anything that He did for us, He's there before the Father to make it right. Look, if Jonah, in the belly of the whale, with his hands and feet tied, with all the seaweeds around his neck, the vomit of the whale, maybe forty fathoms deep in the water on a stormy sea, running from God, could turn over in that whale's belly and look at all that symptoms he had around him, and knowed his conditions, and still said they were lying vanities... "Once more will I look towards Your holy temple." And God kept him alive for three days and nights in that whale's belly. Do you believe that to be the truth? The Bible first says it, and Jesus said it was so.

L-137 Now, watch, Jonah... Jesus said over there in the Scriptures that a wicked and an adulterous generation will seek after a sign. Is that right? And they would see a sign, the sign of Jonah. "As Jonah was in the belly of the whale for three days and three nights, so the Son of man will be in the heart of the earth for three days and three nights." Then Jonah came out of the belly of the whale. Is that right? 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min Now, is this a wicked and an adulterous generation? both physically and spiritual? spiritual adultery? physical adultery? "... wicked, adulterous generation will receive a sign." What was it? What sign was it then? "As Jonah was in the belly of the whale, rose up, so must the Son of man be in the belly of the earth, heart of the earth, and raise up." Then the sign that this wicked and adulterous generation would get, would be the sign of the resurrection. Is that right? Sign of the resurrection... Now, what would it be then? It would be Christ raised from the dead, and after two thousand years yet alive working with His people, same yesterday, today, and forever. Is that right?

L-138 Now, how many of these sick people... How many people in the prayer line knows that I don't know nothing about you? Raise up your hand, you that's in the prayer line, knows that I don't know you, or know anything about you. How many in the audience knows that I don't know nothing about you or anything? See? I don't know any of you... Not in this prayer line, I'll say first, out there. Now, there's some people there that I do know. I know this... these... this... about from that--that--from that little red-headed girl there along this way, I know that row there. Brother and Sister Dauch. Them two behind them, I know them. Two behind them, I know them. Right here, in this row, right here. One, two, three, four back, I know them. Now, I believe, if I'm not mistaken, if that isn't Brother and Sister Outlaw setting right back here, from the Jesus' Name church. And Brother and Sister Sothmann, the deacon from my church in Jeffersonville, or trustee, rather, on the board.

L-139 Now, I am... I don't know; I believe right here in this corner, setting right here, this young man and woman, I believe that's Brother Norman's brother-in-law. I forget what his name is. That's right. Outside of that, I don't know. Brother Williams and Brother Rose, and just met this brother here. And outside of that, I don't know anyone. I believe you're Sister Ungren, aren't you? Downing, Downing, that's right, from Memphis. All right. I... Now, outside of that, and my son (I don't even see him now, so, ever-where he's at), that's all that I know of.

L-140 Now, which is the first lady in line? You right there? Oh, right here? You're the first lady. All right. Would you just stand up here a moment? Now, here stands a woman that I never seen in my life. Now, if I was to say, "Here sits a man setting here in a wheelchair. He's holding his arm. It looks like it's been paralyzed or something. See? I don't know what it is, but it's crippled." If I'd say, "That man's crippled" anybody can see that. See? But here's a woman looks healthy and strong. Now, where's her trouble? There's where your miracle comes. You see? That's it (See?), something.

L-141 Now, if--if... Well, I--if I'd see some person was all drawed in, their chest all sunk in, coughing, now I could say that was TB. That'd be a guess. See? That person might say, "Oh, no. I have not TB." See? And it might be proven that they haven't TB. See? You can't tell. But when God says anything, it's right. It's always right. It's always right. Now, this woman might just be putting on. She might just be saying something. She might not even be sick, might there be nothing the matter with her. I--I don't know that. I can't say. If she's just standing there, don't worry, it'll be called out in a few minutes. You see? She'll know. She'll find out. How many's ever been in meetings and seen that done? Oh, mercy. I've seen over two or three hundred die over it.

L-142 I know a man tonight setting paralyzed, been that way for several years. When I was up there at Zion City, when that man setting back there, trying to hypnotize me before those people... And I just kept trying to run a prayer line, and he kept setting there. He'd go to the army camps, you know. He'd--he'd make the boys, hypnotize them, make them bark like dogs, you know, and act like that. I kept feeling that funny spirit. And they'd--they'd had him come in there, a familiar church. The night before there there'd been a--a man come which belonged to a certain denomination. He come up there, and he'd wrote on his prayer card, "I have TB, so-and-so," and all like that. He thought it was a telepathy. So they handed the prayer card to the usher as he come up on the platform. The man come up there and I said, "There's nothing wrong with you." He said, "Oh, yes, there is; look on my prayer card." I said, "I don't care what the prayer card says. There's nothing wrong with you." He said, "Well, look, I've got TB, and so-and-so," like that. "Look on that prayer card." I said, "I don't look on that prayer card. I look towards heaven." See?

L-143 And he said, "Well, that's what's the matter with me." 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min I said, "Well, maybe... You might've had it down there. If you have, you haven't got it now, because you--it just isn't there. And he said... I said, "You might've got healed down there." He said, "Uh, huh. That's what you think. I got healed down there." I thought, "What's the matter with this man?" I turned and looked again. There was a vision broke before him. I said, "You deceiver. You belong to a certain church. Last night you set with that man right up there with a red suit on--with a red tie and black suit. And that's his wife setting right over on this corner, and your wife. And you set by a table that had a green cloth around it, and you made up that you was coming here to do that to prove that this was a mental telepathy." I said, "The things that you got on your card is upon you." He died about six weeks after that. Don't you never do that.

L-144 This man, a few weeks after that--a few nights after that, was setting there trying to hypnotize me, like that. And I kept feeling that odd spirit. I said, "Please, everybody keep your head down; be reverent." You've heard me say that many times. I'm watching a spirit. You see? And then he kept doing that, and doing that, and directly he turned around like that. I said, "Why has the devil put in your heart to do this?" I said, "You walked in, but they'll pack you out." And they did. That's exactly right. He's still paralyzed. That's right. He just got up. He was stiff; he couldn't hardly move. And he's wrote letter after letter, calling, "Come." I can't do a thing about it. That's his own sin. He has to make that right with God. There ain't a thing... I wouldn't put my hand on it for nothing. See?

L-145 How about that man in Phoenix down here, when was first here that time? Remember over here in the place, that--that wouldn't put his head down? And they pulled me over him a dozen times in California, setting over there, beard all over (Official here in the city), beard all over his face, like that, setting there going, "Ugh, ugh," like that, no mind at all. A evil spirit was cast out of one and went into him. That's right. Right here in Phoenix, my first trip. Right. See, you just have to be careful, now. We're not playing church. It's just like it was in the days of Gideon. Time of playing church is over. We got to get ready to meet God. Yes, sir. Going around, sign your name on a ticket, and join a church, that's all out. Remember these things will go from one to another. Certainly will.

L-146 The woman I know not. I've never seen her in my life, as far as I know. She--she's sick, I know nothing about it. If she's wanting prayer for somebody else, I know nothing about it. It's up--up to God to say so. But if He will say so, let her be the judge whether it's right or not. Will you believe, then, that the coming of Christ is near, and that same Holy Spirit, that same God that was down there at Sodom, is the same God Who's appearing back here in men and women tonight? You believe that, the...?... Believe it; believe it.

L-147 Now, I want her to look the way she's looking, so you won't see, think I was reading... anybody... People say I read the people's mind. Oh, for... Anybody that even knows the first thing of that, knows that that's purely... Why, telepathy is you guess a number and let me guess at it too. See? And there--there's no such a thing as that. My. God's not no telepathy. They called Jesus Beelzebub because He did it, and said He was a fortuneteller, a devil. He said, "I forgive you for it. But someday the Holy Ghost is coming to do the same thing. One word against It will never be forgiven in this world nor the world to come." So you see where it puts us at? You understand that, don't you, sister? All of us do.

L-148 Now, I don't say that He will do it; I trust that He will, 'cause I don't know you, and you don't know me, and here we stand here tonight. And if I had power... If you're sick and I had power to heal you, I'd do it. If I told you, I'd lie. The only thing that I can do is tell you that the Word says that by His stripes you were healed. That's right. You were healed. I can tell you now, the woman's not a sinner. She's a Christian. Yeah. She's got a fine vibration in her spirit. See? She--she's a Christian, and she's suffering with arthritis. That's right, isn't it? Yes, sir. And that operation was a gallbladder operation. Then when you had that, you was a little afraid that that operation had something to do with this, and you've been all troubled up ever since. You've got a lot of complications now. That is right. Now, do you believe 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min that God's going to heal you and make you well? Just walk right off the platform and say, "Thank You, Lord." Amen.

L-149 How do you do, lady? We don't know each other, God knows us both. But if God will tell me what's your trouble, will you believe me to be His servant? It's not for you; it's for somebody else: your niece. Go believe. You believe with all your heart? Just have faith; don't doubt. Come now. Now, it's started in the audience. Now, your faith's beginning to lift up. You see, you can feel it. You just--just something goes to pulling. You see? Everything... I look out there and just look like the room begins to turn like a amber light, you know, just looking around. Now, you say, "Brother Branham, that wouldn't affect you like that?" If one little woman touched the hem of Jesus' garment and made the Son of God get weak, what would it do to me, a sinner saved by His grace? Just have faith.

L-150 We are strangers to each other. I do not know you. But if the Lord Jesus will reveal to me what's your trouble, will you believe me to be His servant? And you believe that what I've said is a confirmation of what God has promised? You do that? All right. Your trouble's in your side. That's right. You've had an operation: cancer. You're all run down. That is right. You wonder what's wrong. But you're going to be well now. Well, God bless you. Now, if He can tell you what has been... Was that true? Well, if He can tell you what has been is true, then what He says in the future's true.

L-151 How do you do? How do you do? We're strangers to each other. I don't know you. Is it for the boy? All right. Just a moment. Now, just be real reverent and believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and He will bring the rest of it to pass, if you can just believe Him. You wiped your eyes then, sister, praying. But the intestinal trouble has left you. Just believe now with all your heart. Have faith. Feel different already, don't you? If that's right, raise up your hand so the people can see. I want to ask you, who did the woman touch? She never touched me; she's too far away. See? But she touched the High Priest, touched the High Priest.

L-152 You're concerned about the boy. Kind of kidney, bladder... Has your husband prayed for him yet? He should, being a minister. He will be all right. Don't worry. Isn't Jesus the same yesterday, today, and forever? You see that Light hanging over the man there that's praying? Them headaches will leave you, and you'll be all right now. Don't doubt; have faith. It'll all leave. You was praying for Him to do that, wasn't you? That's right, saying, "Lord Jesus, have Brother Branham call me." All right. That's right? Raise up your hand. It's all gone.

L-153 That caused the man behind you to believe. That trouble in your feet will leave too, brother, if you... He can heal asthma too, can't He, make it well? All right. Just go believe Him with all your heart. Have... Don't doubt. Just believe with all your heart. All right. You believe out there now? Don't doubt. There's an odd spirit moving in here. I trust that the Lord Jesus will make it right. All right. All right. Go ahead believing now, sister. All right, little boy. For him? What say? Yes, go right ahead and it'll leave him. He will get all right, and be well. All right. You believe, sister? The female trouble's going to be all right. Believe with all your heart. Have faith now. Come, sister. You believe God heals heart trouble? He can heal yours too, can't He? So just go believing.

L-154 How do you do, sir? You want to go eat your supper? Go ahead and eat. God bless you. All's gone. Nervous stomach trouble's gone, it's all been gone. Just have faith; don't doubt. Believe with all your heart. You're a great big stout-looking man, to be suffering with nervousness. But that's what it is. It's going to leave you now. Go believe with all your heart. That man setting back there with that dark shadow over him, and that young boy setting right back there with epilepsy: do you believe, son, that God will make you well? You want to believe it? All right. Have faith in God and it'll leave you. Hallelujah. You believe? Amen.

L-155 Praying for a little boy... No, it's praying, that Mexican woman, praying for a son that's got cancer, unsaved. If you'll believe, God will take care of it. Have faith in God; don't doubt. Uh-huh. Bursitis, you believe that God will take care of the bursitis, setting right in front of the woman there that had the bursitis, two of you setting together, believe with all your life--with all your heart and you can have what you got. 62-0124, Have Not I Sent Thee?, Assembly Of God, Phoenix, AZ, 118 min Believe with all your heart. That boy over there with epilepsy, you believe that God will take care of that, that little fellow setting on the inside of that boy setting there? Lay your hand upon him, sir, believe with all your heart. In the Name of Jesus Christ, come out of him, Satan. You can't hide. Satan can't hide nothing now.

L-156 The Presence of the Lord is here. Do you believe with all your heart? Is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? What is it? Believe. Act on His Word if you want to see the miracles. If God be with us where's His miracles? Here they are. Amen. God is with us. Amen. God is with us. Here's the sign that He's alive, the same thing He done before He died. He's arisen forevermore. Now, do you--are you believers? Raise your hands. Oh, my. Lay your hands on one another. Don't pray for yourself; pray for the next person. Just go to praying. Just pray, "Lord God, heal this person," the other person... That it; believe now.

L-157 Oh, Lord God, Creator of heavens and earth, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ we ask that the power of God sweep through this building now like a rushing mighty wind and fill all this house, and fill this people with the Holy Spirit of power to believe that God still lives and reigns. Satan, come out of this place. Come out of these people. I adjure thee, in the Name of the living God. Amen.

L-158 Let it take a hold. Let it soak in. Believe Him. How can He fail? He can't fail. If He can stand here on the platform and do that, how much more can He do for you. "Brother Branham, how do you do that?" That's His Word. That's the Word itself being made manifest. The Word will make itself manifest in you if you'll believe it. Take away the clouds of doubt, the sun's a-shining. The S-o-n is a-shining. His power is here in the room to make every one of you well. Amen. Do you believe it? All your heart? Then in the Name of Jesus Christ stand up and accept it in the Name of Jesus Christ. Raise up your hands and praise Him. Give Him praise. All right...?... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Meanest Man I Know
