Date: 1963-06-06
Title: Show Us The Father
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Ramada Inn
Location: Tucson
Duration: AZ, 96 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 63-0606

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Let us remain standing and just bow our heads a moment for a word of prayer. First things first, of course, is to meet God. I wonder tonight if there's any special requests among us, that you would like for God to answer tonight, if you'd just let it be known by your hand lifted to Him. Just remember in your heart what you want, and ask the Father now as we pray.

L-2 Our Heavenly Father, we have assembled in the Name of Thy dear Son, the Lord Jesus. We realize the sacredness of this hour. After it is past it'll be history, and we'll give an account, at the Day of the Judgment, for being here tonight, and for what we do. Therefore, Father, we are coming to Thee with bowed heads and bowed hearts, and asking for mercy, and that the--the great Holy Spirit would come upon us and lead us to what we should say and what we should do.

L-3 We pray, Father, for every one that lifted the hand. Thou knowest what was beneath that hand, the request. And we bring our requests now before Your great ivory Throne, where the Sacrifice lays, the Lord Jesus, with this assurance that He told us, "If we would ask the Father anything in His Name, it would be granted." Father, we pray that each and every one that held their hand will receive their request this night.

L-4 Bless those who are sick and afflicted, Lord. May the Holy Spirit come tonight, manifest Himself, so real, that the people will not fail to see it.

L-5 We pray for those who are not saved, that doesn't know the forgiveness of sins, and still out there wandering in darkness, without hope, without God, lost. May the light of the Gospel, the glorious Gospel of the Son of God, shine upon them tonight, and may their hearts be so hungry that they'll accept Him as their Saviour. Grant it, Father. We ask these blessings in the Name of the Lord Jesus, Thy Son and our Saviour. Amen. You may be seated.

L-6 I always deem it a privilege to be in the... on the platform, to speak to people. I was so happy today to hear the results of the meeting last evening, and as I listened to the tapes from last evening, how the Holy Spirit among us, what He did for us last evening. The only trouble that I find with the meeting, is that we don't have long enough to stay. Just tomorrow night is the closing of the series. And there's only about two of the minister brothers that I have even had the privilege of being introduced to, yet, the sponsors of the meeting.

L-7 And many of you fine people I have never met in my life, and would sure like to have the opportunity to go home with you Sunday, for dinner. I know you got the best cook in the country. And so, we, I'd sure like to do that.

L-8 But we're leaving right away now, to the... go on into the work of the Lord. Perhaps, our next, after leaving Arkansas, will be up into Alaska. Then I feel that the Lord might be calling us for overseas right away, again, back into Africa.

L-9 So it's been such a privilege, and the first time of being here among you, and seeing that great responsive faith that you have, and, yet, the ministry new to you. I know that a--a little lengthier meeting would do great things. First, you know, you go for a few nights, and you kind of draw your opinion of the evangelist. And then, after while, then all the... what we'd call the spooks, get away, we get all the scare away, and see that it's Gospel, and the Word of God, and Jesus Christ, the Son of God. And especially, when we have a meeting like this where all peoples of all faiths are invited, you have a mixed groups. But, yet, we serve the one true and living God, and so I'm so glad for that.

L-10 Now, I usually try to promise to let you out early, and I failed each night. But these are little short times. Sometimes, at home, I'm on the platform for six, eight, or ten hours. So I know you couldn't stand that. You got a lot of grace to stay this hour, hour and a half. May the Lord bless you now. And--and pray for me, tonight, as I try to speak from a little text here, and some Scriptures I've written down on a tablet of paper. That I'd like to refer to, for a few moments, and then we'll see what the Lord will have us to do. 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-11 You know, truly, we do not know just what He will do, because sons of God are led by the Spirit of God. We just have to watch and remember whatever He says for us to do, then we do it. So don't forget tomorrow night, last night of the meeting.

L-12 And then the Full Gospel Business Men's breakfast is Saturday morning, right, I believe, in this same room. Is that right? Here in the same room. And I believe you can get the tickets at the desk. Or... At the desk. And we'd certainly be glad to have you. The Lord willing, I want to speak that--that morning, immediately after breakfast. If you can come in and have breakfast with us, we'd be glad for you to do it. If you can't, well, then drop in for the Message right after breakfast, and we will be glad for you to be here. And I want to kind of take an evangelistic type of Message for that.

L-13 This, I've tried to confine it to prayer for the sick, and healing. And we kind of in a little way... Not with any doctrinal points, but just to show that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, that He has not changed.

L-14 And to me, That, the Bible is either the Word of God, or is not the Word of God. I--I believe that anything is either right or it's wrong. You can't be halfway between. There's no pretty-good Christians. You've heard that remark, but there's no such a thing. You're either a Christian or you're not a Christian.

L-15 And the only way you can be a Christian, is being born again of the Spirit of God. That's the only remedy: under the Blood of the Lord Jesus. And when you confess your sins to God, and you do have pardon from God, then you are not a sinner. He that's born of God does not commit sin. If he does it, it's unwillfully. "The worshipper once purged has no more conscience of sin." For instance, in the Old Testament the blood of bulls and goats just covered sin; it didn't take it away. But the Blood of Jesus takes it away. It divorces it. There's no more to it.

L-16 For instance, my mother, she has just gone to Heaven, a few months ago. I was standing by her when she went, and she got so she couldn't talk. I said, "Mother, if you can still hear me, if Jesus is still just as sweet to you while you're dying, as He was when you were living, and in the meetings; if you can't speak, just bat your eyes real fast, I'll know you're saying 'Yes.'" And she'd bat her eyes, the tears just rolling down her face. And she went to meet the Lord. And I baptized my own mother about thirty years ago. I was just a little boy preacher.

L-17 Now, now, when she would try to take a spot out of my shirt when I was a little boy, many years ago, she used to try to get coal oil or--or something and take the spot out. And really, she never took the spot out; she just made it a little bigger. It didn't show so much in one place. But that's how, that's all they had to work with.

L-18 Now let's compare that with the blood of goats and sheep, for sin. It was just... It was a propitiation, certainly, but it didn't sufficiently do the job, because it was an animal's blood. And when that blood cell is broke, of the innocent one, see, the lamb's life could not come back on a human, because it had no soul. It's merely an animal.

L-19 But when Jesus came and that Blood cell was broke, the Life of God Himself comes upon us. And we are sons and daughters of God, with His nature. Notice.

L-20 Now, nowadays, if I get a spot on my shirt, my lovely wife, she just goes and gets some of this here, I think she calls it Clorox bleach. Puts it in there and it's all gone.

L-21 Let's think of just a--a little drop of ink, one little drop of black ink. Now, that ink was manufactured for some reason.

L-22 And it's a color. And there's only really one color; all the rest of them is off of it; and that color is white. But now, this color, I do not know the chemicals of this, but let's say this, that it had to have begin from a creation, because that's what it is. It had to be made by a Creator. A Creator has to create a creation.

L-23 And this little drop of ink, now, it's come down, say, for instance, it's for a purpose. Now that little drop of ink can write John 3:16 and pardon my sins. Or, that little drop of ink can sign my death warrant, to send me to the--to the gallows. It's for a purpose.

L-24 But perhaps if that little drop of ink, now, with all of its coloring in it, drops into a tub of bleach, what happened to the color? Now just think, what happened to it? You'll never find it again. The water that was in the ink, the--the formula of H2O, is still it's in the bleach. Its water turns to its what? But let's say if the color started out at the 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min beginning, it goes back, maybe, into like a mist, or a gas.

L-25 And that gas, now, this is not the formula, there happen to be somebody here that understands this. I'm just saying it for so that you'll know what I'm talking about.

L-26 Say there was, it went back to atoms, or molecules, and molecules turned back to atoms. And say molecule four-six-nine plus six-nine-seven made black. If it been six-nine-six, it would have come out pink, and so forth, and on back to atoms. Something had to determine it in the beginning, what it was going to be.

L-27 But when it once drops in this bleach here, it goes all the way back through every molecule, every atom, back to its Creator.

L-28 Well, that's like our black sins. Once confessed in the Blood of Jesus Christ, it's forgotten. There's no more sin, at all. You are free from sin, and there's no sin about it. It's not because you--you deserve it, but because the grace of God, that you are. When man sinned, he crossed a great chasm between he and God, and, left, there's no way back. But, God was full of mercy, He--He took a substitute. And a lamb was that substitute until the fullness of time come, when He, God, made flesh, to take away sin. And now there's not even a chasm there, between. A man and God become Father and son. There's no sin, at all. He puts them in the sea of the bleach of forgetfulness, and cannot even remember them no more.

L-29 Now, we can't do that. We're human. We can forgive, but cannot forget. But God is infinite, and He's so great that He can absolutely forgot you even did it. Think of it. You never did even sin. And there puts a man again in the Presence of God as his Father, and you're His child. We are sons and daughters of God now, not will be, now we are the sons and daughters of God. Oh, my! That make Methodists feel like shouting. Doesn't it?

L-30 Now, we are very happy to know that we have this great, great bleach that Jesus Christ brought to us, His Own Blood. We're going to speak a little about Him now, giving you a chance to get kind of quietened.

L-31 And now let's turn in the Scriptures if you will, to Saint John, the 14th chapter of Saint John. I want to read just a couple of verses, the 7th and 8th verse, Jesus speaking. If you had known me, you should have known my Father also: and from henceforth you know him, and have seen him. Philip saith unto him, Lord, shew us the Father, and it will sufficeth us.

L-32 I--I'm going to take the subject of: Show Us The Father. I--I want to speak of it.

L-33 And the human heart has always longed to see God. As we were speaking the other night, of those Greeks that came up to the worship, and they said, "Sirs, we would see Jesus." They had heard of Him and they could not rest until they had seen Him. And I think that's truly the way that any real, true believer that ever hears of God, there is something within him that pulsates to him that if he could only see Him.

L-34 And, yet, we can see Him. Jesus said here, "When you've seen Me, you've seen the Father." So we know that you can see Him. Now, as long as we could think of human beings, they've always longed to see God.

L-35 Even, Job, I think that's the oldest book in the Bible. It's supposed to be. And was really written before Moses wrote Genesis. And Job, that great patriarch, and knowing God, and when he got to the spot that he got in his trouble.

L-36 Usually, man will seek after God when he's in trouble. I've heard men say, "I don't even believe there is a God." But let him fall and hurt himself, or the doctor say he's fixing to die, then you hear him say, "O God," like Bob Ingersoll. You, you'll think of God before you think of your mother or anyone else, 'cause there's just something in you. You're a human being.

L-37 Now we find that Job got in such a distress, when he was broke out with boils and troubles, and he set on the ash heap and scraped his boils.

L-38 I remember taking the book of Job, at the tabernacle, some years ago, and I was almost a year with the book of Job. And one sister had enough grace, that she didn't ask me right out to the platform, but she wrote me a letter. She said, "Brother Branham, when you ever going to get Job off that ash heap?" I had him setting out there, but I was trying to build up, around, to make a point somewhere, the--the killing point, that it would show the people, where we could 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min have the altar call. And then hundreds responded.

L-39 Now, sitting in misery, and he was longing to see God. He said, "If I only knew where He lived at, if I could go and knock on His door, I would--I would know Him. I'd like to set down and talk with Him." See, the human heart calling out for God.

L-40 And surely, if there is a human desire in a human's heart, who is a creature of God, calling out for God, there has got to be a God somewhere to respond to that call. But when the deep calls to the Deep, there's got to be a respond to that call. Before a deep can be in here, calling, there has to be a Deep out there, to respond to that call, or there'd be no call in here.

L-41 As I've often said, before there was a fin on a fish's back, there had to be a water, first, for him to use that fin, or he wouldn't have had any fin. Before there was a tree to grow in the earth, there had to be an earth, first, or there wouldn't have been any tree. And as long as there is a creation, there is a Creator to create that creation. See what I mean?

L-42 And when there's a hunger and thirst in a human's heart, for something, there's got to be something to respond to that, or the thirst wouldn't be there. So, tonight, we are here, saying, "Show us the Father, and it sufficeth us." And now, if there is a God, which we know there is, and the call in our heart to see Him, then why can't we see Him? If there's a call here that tells us we want to see Him, there's got to be some reason that we... some way to see Him.

L-43 And now I, by God's help, I'm going to try to--to show you, or speak on three different ways, or I'll say, four different ways, of seeing God. I'm going to speak on: God in His universe; God in His Word; God in His Son; God in His people.

L-44 And first, now, we'll speak on God in His universe. I do not believe that anyone that could understand how this universe moves, how the great solar system, and be in his right mind, could say there is no God. Did you know this earth is turning, over a thousand miles an hour? It's twenty-five thousand miles around it. It turns, makes its complete revolution, every twenty-four hours, so that makes it going over a thousand miles an hour this way. And as it turns around the orbit of the sun, I don't know how many thousand miles an hour it's going, and so perfectly in time, it doesn't miss it a second. There's no watch, no machine that can be placed in such perfection, to keep it from wearing out, or no watch.

L-45 I've got a watch that was give me in Switzerland, that they said, in American money, it would be three hundred dollars if I bought it, one of their best watches. Yet, that watch will lose, every... a minute, ever so often, or gain, or--or something. It--it isn't... It cannot be perfect.

L-46 And yet, in space, this world whirls itself around. Who whirls it around and keeps in that perfect time? It would certainly be slowing up a little, if there wasn't something keeping it moving. And how can you keep it moving so perfect? And how does it go around the--the--the sun, the way it does, so perfect? And make winter, summer, and so forth, just as perfect as it is. Then there's no one... Six thousand years, it hasn't lost a second; always on time. It's so perfect that they can time the eclipse of the sun and the moon, so, in twenty years away, they can tell you the very hour it'll cross, studying astronomy, studying the solar system.

L-47 How great! My, I think, if a person would look up towards the skies, you could cry like that Swedish author of the song, How Great Thou Art, "How great Thou art!" To see those little stars, and maybe it don't look like they're four inches apart, in the skies, and yet they're farther from each other than we are from them. And, yet, God controls it all.

L-48 And out at Mount Wilson, California, by... An astronomer who was at my meeting, in Chattanooga, gave me permission, with this other astronomer, to go up there and take a look at this great scope. They had the pictures, 'cause I went in daytime. And you can see a hundred and twenty million years of light-space. Break that down in miles, and you'll run a row of nines around Tucson a few times, trying to break it down in miles.

L-49 You can't fathom it in your mind: a hundred and twenty million years of light-space, and beyond that is moons, stars, and worlds. And our Father created it, to His own pleasure, and everything working just perfectly. Oh, how wonderful to see how great He is, then how simple He can make Himself, so that you won't--you won't miss the way. 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-50 Isaiah 35 said, "Though, a fool shall not err therein." It doesn't take smartness, education. If it did, I would be one lost. It just takes faith, to believe it. Not try to understand it, but believe it. Just, God made it, and that settles it.

L-51 Now, we find that people try to argue that it's not so: infidels. Here sometime ago in Colorado... Oh, I guess it's been thirty, forty years ago. There was an--an infidel had passed through the country, trying to make converts to infidelity. And he even told his own mother, when she was dying. Said, "What can you offer me now?"

L-52 He said, "Ma, grin and bear it." And what a thing to say to your own mother.

L-53 He got a breakdown, so he went to the West, to--to get a little rest. And he took a pack and went back into the mountains. And one day he was walking out...

L-54 And ministers was afraid to attack him, they said, because he was, oh, he was shrewd, highly educated, polished scholar. And they just left him alone, let him beat his own brains out.

L-55 So then, one day, they said he took a walk and went out, and he begin to look at the rocks. He begin to wonder, really, where did they come from? And the first thing you know, the winds begin to blow down through the pines, "Adam, where art thou?"

L-56 You see, the Bible said, "If they hold their peace, the rocks will immediately cry out."

L-57 This infidel fell on his knees and become a sweet, loving Christian, because God, in His universe, called out, that, "I'm the Creator Who made the heavens and earth."

L-58 Sometime ago, a friend of mine, Mr. Wood, lives in Jeffersonville, next neighbor to me. Mr. Borders here, one of... my manager, he is setting here tonight, is well acquainted with him. He was come to the Louisville meeting. And he was a Jehovah Witness, and was forbidden to even attend the meetings, but he come with his wife. His wife belonged to the Anderson Church of God.

L-59 And they seen a little girl there, brought to the platform, and how the Holy Spirit told the little girl what her trouble was, and how long she had, turning to... I forget the name of the disease, that turns them to chalk, or stone. She hadn't moved for about three years. And told her, in the Name of the Lord, that she would be all right. And the next day, the girl run up-and-down steps; was at the building that night, just running all over the platform, and everything.

L-60 Mr. Wood, being kind of broke down at this, he--he finally had... He had a boy that was crippled with polio, his leg drawed up under him.

L-61 I left from there, down to Houston, Texas, where the picture that you have of the Angel of the Lord was made. And that discussion down there with this Baptist minister who taken the opposite side, that Christ wasn't the Healer now. And then the Lord came before thirty thousand people that night, and put it, He had His picture, the Light that gives the discernment, that showed that it was true.

L-62 And George J. Lacy, the head of the FBI, of finger print and documents took, from California, came to the Shell building in there, and examined the picture, and said, "Mr. Branham, I been your critic, and I said it was psychology, but," said, "the mechanical eye of this camera won't take psychology. The Light struck the lens." And so you have the picture now. And one of them is in Washington, D.C., in the religious Hall of Art, with a note under it, "The only supernatural being was ever photographed in the history of the world." And now, then, if you're ever through there, drop in, see it.

L-63 Now notice. Then Mr. Wood brought his boy to a place, in this, where we was at in another place. And the Holy Spirit called out and said, "There's a boy back in the building, by the name of David Wood. His father is a contractor. Jehovah Witness." Never seen them in my life. They lived in another country, down in Kentucky. And so He said, "THUS SAITH THE LORD, the boy is healed." And immediately that crippled boy rose up to his feet, just as normal as anybody else. He's my neighbor now. I married him, about three years ago to a fine Christian girl, and they have two fine children. Many people here know it.

L-64 Mr. Wood and I, on coming home, we drove down into the mountains of Kentucky, in a little country where I had 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min been at the Methodist campgrounds down there, at a place called Acton, A-c-t-o-n, just--just one grocery store, filling station, and a campground. And it's called Acton, Kentucky. The--the little place has a post office, its own, is in this store. I had a meeting there. And it looked to me like a good squirrel hunting country, so I wanted to go back down.

L-65 About two years from there, we returned again, to go back and go squirrel hunting.

L-66 And--and, course, you Arizona people here, I suppose... How many knows what Kentucky gray squirrels are? How many ever seen gray squirrels? Oh, well, what part of Kentucky you from? So then I feel really at home. So there's nothing better to eat in the world. If they have, I've never found it.

L-67 So we went down on a two-weeks vacation, to hunt, and it was really dry. And those little fellows, oh, my, can they scat! And we was shooting with.22 rifles, and it got so dry we couldn't hunt. And Mr. Wood said, "Brother Branham, I--I know where there is a--a man that's got about five or six hundred acres, and has got hills and hollows down there, where the waters comes down through the creek." Said, "It'd be wet. We could walk in those creek bottom, wouldn't scare them." But said, "He's an infidel." I said, "Well, let's go try him."

L-68 So we went across the country and through the woods, and over the hills, little hog paths like, until we come up to a house, and two old men with slouched down hats setting under a tree. And he said, "That's him on the other side." Said, "He's a hard boy." And so we stopped.

L-69 And I said, "Maybe you better go, if you know him. I better set in the car." He said, "All right."

L-70 So he got out and walked around. He said, "How do you do?" And he said, "My name is Wood." He said, "My name is Banks Wood." He said, "I just wonder if it would be possible if we could hunt here a while." Said, "We been hunting over here on another creek." He said, "It's dry over there; we can't hunt."

L-71 He said, "Are you Jim Wood's boy?" Now, his father was a reader in the Jehovah Witness. He's one of the readers. Said, "Honest, very fine man!" He said, "I'm his son."

L-72 He said, "Well, Jim Wood is one of the most honest people I ever met." Said, "You just have your choice, hunt anywhere you want to."

L-73 Said, "Thank you, sir." Said, "I brought my pastor along. I guess it's all right for him to go."

L-74 And he said, "You don't mean you've got so lowdown you have to carry a preacher with you where you go?" And he said...

L-75 I thought I better get out, so I got out of the car and walked around. I said, "How do you do?"

L-76 He said, "How do you do?" And he said, "You know, I guess I'm kind of a hard guy against you fellows."

L-77 I said, "Well, every man to his thought." I wanted to hunt. And so he said then... Said, "I guess you can, every fellow to his own thought."

L-78 And he said, "Yes." He said, "There is nothing I have against you but just one thing." He said, "You're barking up the wrong tree."

L-79 How many knows what that means? That's a lying dog, you see, barking, the tree, "the coon is here," when he's gone. There ain't a coon up there. See? He said, "You're barking up the wrong tree." I said, "Well, that's to opinion."

L-80 And my mammy always told me, she said, "You just give the cow enough rope, she'll hang herself." So I thought I was going to give him plenty of rope, so I let--let him go ahead and talk.

L-81 He said, "Well," he said, "I've been on this country here... That old chimney up there is where the original home burned, about sixty years ago. My father built this place. I've lived here, walked over these places now." Said, "I'm 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min seventy-six years old. And I've never seen no God, no Angel, or nothing else." Said, "Therefore," said, "I... There isn't none." I said, "Well, of course, that's still to opinion," I said.

L-82 He said, "Well, I just think you fellows are just going around making a easy living." I thought, "Oh, boy, if you only knew what it is! Easy?" And he said, "I think you all just make an easy living."

L-83 I said, "Yes, sir." I said, "Yeah. Well," I said, "still, that's just to opinion."

L-84 And he said, "Well," he said, "that's what I believe about it." He said, "You're just barking at the wrong tree." And he said... I said, "Was you ever in church?"

L-85 He said, "No." He said, "I don't believe in going." He said, "There was one fellow, one time, that come in here about two years ago from Indiana, had a place over here. They had a meeting at the Methodist campgrounds." Said, "I forget the guy's name." And said, "If I ever meet him, I want to talk to him." I said, "Yes?"

L-86 And Brother Wood started to say... And I... Cow was at the end of the rope, so he don't want to discuss It. I said... Standing there, whiskers on my face, about that long, just bloody all over, and hadn't had a bath in two weeks, and so you know. I said, "Yes, sir." I said, "What about it?"

L-87 He said, "Well, we got an old lady lives up here on the ridge, by the name of something." And said, "She was dying with cancer." Said, "Her, we had her out to Louisville, to the cancer specialist, and they tried to operate. It was in the stomach." And said, "She was so wound up, through her stomach and intestinal tract, they couldn't even wash her with an enema. And they just brought her home to die." And said, "She gotten so low till they couldn't put her on the bedpan no more; just had to use the draw sheet." Said, "Wife and I would go up, twice a day, and change her bed." And said, "She was dying."

L-88 And said, "This preacher was over here at Acton." And said, "He was there for two nights." And said, "Her sister lives down here, another creek, about thirty miles below. She went up there that night. And said, 'The man never was in this country before.' And said, 'He was standing on the platform, looked out across about fifteen hundred people. And said, "A--a lady there, by the name of such-and-such, when you left home tonight you put a little white handkerchief in your pocket, you got off of a marble-top dresser. And it's got a little blue working in the corner. You got a sister named So-and-so, that's dying with cancer. Go, take that handkerchief and put it on the sister. For, THUS SAITH THE LORD, she shall live."'"

L-89 And said, "About eleven o'clock in the night, I thought they had the Salvation Army up there on top the hill, of all the noise." And said, "I... Woke me up." Said, "I said to the wife, 'Well, she died. And so tomorrow morning I'll get my wagon to take her out.'" The only way you could get where she lived. You'd have to bring her out, to where you could get her to the car, with a wagon. "Said, 'I'll just wait till in the morning.' And said, 'We'll go get her, and bring her out.'"

L-90 Said, "The next morning, wife and I got up early, to go up there. And what did we find when we went in, but she was eating fried apple pies at the table, with her husband." And said, "She is up there now. She don't only do her own work, but she does her neighbor's work." I thought, "Uh-oh, here it is!" And I said, "Now, you don't believe that."

L-91 He said, "Well, if you don't believe it, you go up and see for yourself." He's preaching to me now.

L-92 "Why," I said, "in the day that when we got modern science, and doctors, and fine as we have, and you mean to tell me that some..."

L-93 "Well," said, "if you don't believe it, you go up there and ask her." Said, "There she is." Said, "Isn't that right, 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min John?"

L-94 He said, "That's right." The other old man was a believer. He said, "That's right. She's right up there now. You can go ask her." Now, him preaching to me now, you see. So, well, that's all right. So I said, "Well, what'd you say taken place?"

L-95 Said, "How I want to ask that man, how did he know that that was that woman up here? He never was in the country before. She was dying with cancer. How did he know she was dying with cancer? How did he know her name? And how did he know that was her sister? And how did he know that she was going to get well when that handkerchief was put on her?" Said, "I want to talk to him when I see him." I said, "Oh, I hope you do."

L-96 So, turned around. And it was for about--about the middle of August, and it's real hot and the leaves was beginning to fall off the trees. And he had a nice apple tree there, and--and apples all on the ground. And I said, "You mind if I have one of them apples?"

L-97 He said, "The yellow jackets are eating them." How many knows what a yellow jacket is? So, said, "They're eating them. You might as well."

L-98 So I got one and rubbed it on these old dirty pants, you know, and took a bite. I said, "That's a fine apple." Said, "Oh, yes. I planted that tree there, forty years ago." I said, "Uh-huh." "That, yes, sir, I planted it out." I said, "Bear like that, every year?"

L-99 "Yes. We sure... We can several bushel of apples off of it, every year. We dry some on top the shed." I said, "Yes, sir." I said, "That's very fine."

L-100 I said, "Now, a strange thing." I said, "You notice we haven't even had a frost. We haven't had a cool spell or nothing, and yet all them leaves are dropping off that tree." I said, "Wonder why that is?" He said, "Well, the life left the--the leaf." I said, "The life left the leaf?" He said, "Yes." I said, "Where did the life go?" He said, "Down in the root of the tree." "Oh." I said. "What did it go down there for?"

L-101 And he said, "Well, to keep out of the winter." Said, "You see, it gets about twenty below zero here." Said, "If--if that life was up in the tree, the life would die. It's got to go down into the root."

L-102 I said, "Oh, I--I see. Uh-huh." And I said, "I want to ask you a question." I said, "You know that tree don't have any intelligence, because it's just a tree, a part of botany life." I said, "What kind of an intelligence tells it, before the frost falls, 'Get out of there, right quick. Run down the root and hide. If you don't, you're going to die.' What intelligence does that?" "Well," he said, "that's just nature."

L-103 I said, "Well, I'll tell you. Take a bucket of water and set it on the post out there, in August, let me see all that water run down the bottom of the post, and then come back up again in the spring." Said, "I hadn't thought of that."

L-104 And I said, "You think on that while I go squirrel hunting. And then, when I come back, if you will tell me what Intelligence tells that sap in that tree, that life, 'Go down in the roots and hide, till spring, then come back again.' When you find out what Intelligence works that life up and down, through that tree, at the seasons, I'll tell you what Intelligence told me that woman was going to be healed." Said, "Told you?" I said, "Yes, sir." I said... 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min He said, "You're not that preacher?" I said, "I'm Brother Branham." He said, "Can you prove it?" I said, "Sure." I said, "I guess I don't look like it."

L-105 Said, "No, I admire that." He said, said, "You look human."

L-106 And I said, "Well..." I said, "Well..." I said, to that, "Well," I said, "all right, sir." And he said, "Are you the minister?"

L-107 I said, "Yes, sir. The same God that can speak to a tree, can speak to a man." And there I led the old fellow to Christ.

L-108 A year later, I come back. And he'd went to meet the Lord. And the wife told me, said, "Brother Branham, he died in victory, praising God."

L-109 What was it? He seen God speaking in His universe. Of all the things that he had seen, and yet the very nature of a tree declared to him that there was a God. See? And he found it, and found Jesus Christ as his Saviour.

L-110 Oh, how you can see Him in the sunrise, see Him in the sunset. Everywhere you look, you can see God. As I said, the other night, "If He's in the inside of you, you can see Him out there."

L-111 Up in Colorado, usually I go up there hunting. And one fall... Another fellow and I hunt up there, and we separate. We was hunting elk, way high, until the snows come and run the elk down. They're really up around timberline, because they're a wild creature. And so we had taken a pack horse, apiece, and a saddle horse, and went up high. And--and Mr. Jeverz, the owner of the ranch, had went back over on one fork of the creek, about twenty miles, and I come this other way.

L-112 And in fall of the year, that way, they'll... You know, the sun will shine a while, and the rain a while; snow a while, rain again, and then sun come out. You know how it is.

L-113 And a storm came across the mountain. I was almost at timberline. And I had my saddle horse tied up, way down, ten, twelve miles below me, and I was hunting along, pretty dry, and there come a storm. And I got behind a bush, by a blow-down, and where the winds had blowed down some timbers, some hemlock. And so I was standing behind these trees until the--the winds passed. And storm turned cold. I stood there, about an hour and a half, I guess, and almost froze, and the wind blowing. And then, after while, it let up. And I kind of nodded, and got a little sleepy.

L-114 So I looked up, and when I did, I standing, looking around. And I seen the sun coming out, as it was setting. And up high there, where the rain had blowed through, had struck the evergreens, and had froze ice on them. And the sun was reflecting against that ice, and it made a rainbow. Oh, my! I could see God there. There is God, right there, in the rainbow of the covenant. I thought, "There is God up here, on top the mountain."

L-115 Then, after while, I heard the big bull elk. He had got lost in the storm. Bugling for the herd. I--I--I could hear God in that. An old wolf got to calling on the mountain, the mate answering it, down in the bottom. There is God in that. I always believed He lived up there. There He was in the sunset. There He was in the rainbow. There He was in the elk call. There He is in the wolf call. He's in nature, all around, everywhere.

L-116 And to my amazement, just across from me, on a stump, set a little pine squirrel. He's just like the Irishman's owl, "all fuss and feathers, and no owl," you know. And just little bitty fellow, setting all humped up, but he's the blue-coat policeman of the woods. When he hollers, all game will run. And here he was, setting there, chattering at me, just like he was going to tear me to pieces. And he wasn't that big. But he just jumping up-and-down. And I thought, "Don't get so excited, little fellow." And what had got him excited...

L-117 I--I got a little excited, myself, when I begin to see all those things. "God," I said, "oh, what a wonderful place to be!" I felt like Peter did, up on Mount Transfiguration, "'Let's build three tabernacles and stay here.'" And I--I got so full of the glory of God in my soul, I--I set my gun against the tree. And I was exploding, I guess. I run around, around the tree, hollering, "Praise God! Praise God!" 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-118 I had to give vent to something. And it didn't... The only pop-off valve I had, I guess. So I just... I don't know whether you ever felt that good or not. But you can do it, 'cause I've had the experience of it. I know it's right, when you can look out and see God all around you.

L-119 You don't smell no cigarette smoke up there, and there's no beer and stuff up there, and no half-dressed women. They're--they're--they're down in the Devil's dumps.

L-120 But this is up there where God lives. And so then, up there, running around, around, saying, "Thank You, Lord! I've seen that rainbow." I thought, "He's to look upon..."

L-121 In the 1st chapter of Revelation, John saw Him as a rainbow, as Alpha and Omega, oh, the Beginning and the End. With a covenant, that He would destroy the world no more. And then we got, in this, the New Testament is the covenant of His Blood.

L-122 And how I begin, get, carry on. I wasn't just playing the hypocrite. I felt good, and I wanted to give vent to myself. And I was hollering, "Praise God!" and around, around the tree. I guess they thought they had a maniac in the woods, if somebody would have come up. But I didn't care who was there. I was feeling good, and I wanted to rejoice in the Lord.

L-123 And I think I excited that little squirrel. And, he, I guess he never seen anything like that. Not only squirrels, but a lot of other people never seen anything like that, or even human beings. And here I was, going around. I guess I was a funny-looking sight, but I was feeling all right. And then he was setting there, all humped up, and chattering at me. His little eyes bugged out on his cheek, almost.

L-124 I said, "Don't get excited. I was just worshipping our Creator. Set down. Do the same thing. You'll feel better." And then the little guy set down. I thought, "Don't you see? Look. Here it is. Put your hands up and praise the Lord." I said...

L-125 I happened to notice. He wasn't looking at me. He was holding his head down, looking like that. I thought, "Well, what's the little fellow looking at?" And the storm had blowed and forced a big eagle down, in this blow-down. And that's what he was excited about, that eagle crawling around, that brush down there.

L-126 So I thought, "Now, Lord, I see You in the rainbow. I see You in the sunset. I hear You in the call of the animals. And now, how would I ever see You in that eagle? Are You in that eagle? And why did You stop me from praising You?" See, God does everything right. He knowed I'd tell this someday. And there He was. This big eagle jumped up on a--a limb, and he looked at me. And I thought, "My, I admire him. He's not afraid."

L-127 I admire anything that's not afraid. God can't use a coward. If you are too much of a coward to testify before your boss, before anybody else, and ashamed of Jesus Christ, He can't use you, if you're ashamed of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. I think like Paul said, "I'm not ashamed of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, for It's the power of God unto salvation to every one that believes."

L-128 Some people can carry on, in church; but when they get outside, they're deflated. Now, that kind of religion is no good. That's just to make a show. It's got to be lived.

L-129 And then I noticed this big eagle. He wasn't afraid. I thought, "Well, you know what? Aren't you afraid of me?" Them great big gray eyes looking at me, I thought, "Why ain't you afraid?" I said, "I could get my gun here and shoot you." I said, "Aren't you afraid of me?" And he just... He wasn't noticing me. He was watching that squirrel. He'd look back at me, and then look at the squirrel. I thought, "I'm getting tired of that noise, too. Are you?" And so he just kept watching, back and forth.

L-130 And after while, I thought, "What makes him so--so sure?" I noticed he kept feeling his wings, you know, fluffing his feathers in his wings. Uh-huh. See, there it is. See, he had a God-given gift, them wings. And he knowed, before I could put my hand on that rifle, he could be in that timber. See? And he wasn't scared, as long as he could feel the--the strength that God had given him, to go to safety.

L-131 Oh, if a Christian could only do that! If an eagle could put that much confidence in a pair of wings to take him from trouble to safety, how much more ought a man or a woman in the Presence of Jesus Christ, where He's making 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min Hisself known, be scared of anything? If you can know and see, see the Bible say it'll be this way, and here it is here, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever, walking in our midst, doing the same thing He always did, and promised He would do it just before the end time, how would we be afraid? Nothing is going to harm you. How can it harm you? He overcome, and conquered everything: death, hell, grave, sickness, everything else, sin. He is... I'm complete in Him. Not myself; I have nothing. But in Him I'm safe. I seen him kept doing this.

L-132 Someone said to me one time, said, "Brother Branham, aren't you afraid you'll get somebody on the platform sometime, and make a mistake?" Not as long as I can feel Him around, it won't be no mistake. That's right. It'll always be there.

L-133 You know, he set there till he got tired, listen that little old chipmunk over there, chatter, chatter, chatter. So he just made one big jump. He flopped his wings about twice, and I noticed he never flopped his wings anymore. He just knowed how to set his wings. And when the wind come in, he just rode up on the wind. And the wind would come in again; he just rode up on the wind again. And he just rode wave after wave. And I stood and watched him until he become just a little spot in the sky. He went on, on, on, on.

L-134 I stood there, begin to wipe the tears off my face. I said, "That's it, God. I see why You sent that eagle here." See?

L-135 It isn't jump and be a Methodist this week, and jump over and be a Baptist next week, and flop, flop to one, and then flop, flop, the other. But it's knowing how to set your wings of faith in the power of the Holy Spirit. And as it comes in like a--a roaring flood, ride upon the tides of it. Get away from this little old earthbound chatter, chatter, "Days of miracles is past. There is no such a thing as the baptism of the Holy Ghost. There is no Divine healing," chatter, chatter here; and chatter, chatter there. Just set your wings in the power of the Holy Spirit, and let Him carry you above all this old chatter, chatter noise, that, "There ain't no such a thing."

L-136 That eagle knowed what he was doing. He could trust. See? God is in His universe. Don't you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Do you see God in His universe? You can see Him in the birds. You can see Him in the flowers. You... Oh! We could spend all night on it. But do you believe that God is in His universe? ["Amen."] All right.

L-137 Now we'll see if God's in His Word. Now we'll look at God in His Word. Not only is He in the Word, but He is the Word. That's right. The Bible said in Saint John, the 1st chapter, "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us." God and His Word is the same.

L-138 The Word, Jesus said, is a Seed that a sower sowed. And any germitized seed in the right kind of soil will produce its kind.

L-139 And now I realize that this is being taped. And these tapes, we have a tape ministry, all over the world. And many people, just here tonight, where about a thousand people are listening. Before this tape stops, there'll be ten times ten thousands hear it, see, around the world.

L-140 And I go on record, I say this, about the Word of God being a Seed. If you can take the right mental attitude towards any Divine promise of God, He will bring it to pass, if you can get yourself in position to believe that that promise was to you.

L-141 But if you let some ricky place it off on, with more education than he knows gumption enough to know how to control it, can stick it off on some age gone by, or some age that is to come, it'll be of non-effect to you. Like Jesus said, "You take your traditions and make the commandments of God of no effect," when you try to place God some historical God, or some pre-coming God.

L-142 "He's the same yesterday, today, and forever." He's just as much God now as He ever was. And if you can take that attitude, that that promise is unto you! Jesus said, in Saint Mark 11:22, "Verily I say unto you, if you say to this mountain, 'Be moved,' don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you've said will come to pass, you can have what you've said. I say, when you pray, believe that you receive what you ask for, it'll be given to you." How much more 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min promise could be made than That? You've got to believe it, because It is a seed. Now, if I...

L-143 If you ask me for an oak tree, and I give you an acorn, potentially you'd have an oak tree. It's in seed form. And when you want God in your life, just accept Him as your Saviour. Potentially, you are a full-statured son of God. You'll grow into the stature of God. Just like the acorn does, grows into an oak tree.

L-144 Now, you people here in Arizona, you raise oranges. First, it's a seed. The seed rots. "The seed, corn of wheat, must fall into the ground," as Jesus said about Himself. It's got to rot.

L-145 And the only thing that you can do is to--to... The only way, is to accept that germ of Life of God's Word, God's Own Life, and then rot to your own ideas. Let God do it.

L-146 It's none of my business to try to figure It out. I can't figure It out. I just believe It. He never asked me to figure It out. He never did say, "Did you feel It?" He never did say, "Did you understand It?" He said, "Did you believe It?" That's what it is.

L-147 Don't try to go to some seminary and get some of this indocumated embalming fluid put into you, of some social's creed. The thing you want is the baptism of the Holy Spirit, the--the incarnate power of God dwelling in you, that accepts this Word and makes It live out as It really is. Around and around the world, and before all kinds of people, I know that it's true. He's God.

L-148 Now, that little orange tree, if it's under... Now, when you plant it out, maybe when you get it, it's a little set, sprig, about so big. Now, you plant it. Now, that's all you have to do to it. You don't have to go and say, "Now, I've got to get me some oranges somewhere, and go to dumping into it." The oranges is already in it.

L-149 The only thing that little tree has to do. You have to keep plenty of water on it. And then the only thing the tree has to do is drink. And it drinks and drinks, till it drinks over its amount. And as it drinks, it pushes out limbs. And it drinks more, and it pushes out leaves. Drinks more, it pushes out blossoms. Drinks more, it pushes out oranges. Just drink and push, drink and push, that.

L-150 And that's you. When we are planted together in Christ, the only thing we have to do is drink from His promise, and push out. Everything that you have need of is in you when you receive Christ, 'cause Christ is in you. And you just have to drink from His Word, His Life, and push out. Oh, yes. I believe Him to be the Water that comes upon us. He's the Life. I believe He's the inexhaustible Fountain of Life, that we just planted in Him and push out.

L-151 Abraham received God in His Word, when he was an old man, seventy-five years old. Sarah was sixty-five. She was about twenty years past menopause. He had lived with her since she was about eighteen years old. His half sister; married to her. And God came to the old man one day, and told him he was going to have a baby by Sarah. And that Word, that Word, God in His Word! When God spoke that to Abraham, all reasonings of anything contrary to it left him.

L-152 That's the way you do when you see God in His Word. You've got to receive It like that, though. See?

L-153 Your word never dies. I could speak here, with a--with a sending set, and my words will go around the world in one instant. Through this building tonight is coming pictures of people. Turn on your television and find out if it isn't so. Words of people are coming through here. You don't see it. Your senses don't declare it, but it's there. And a word never dies.

L-154 Here not long ago I saw the vision of this young woman dying, that they said that committed suicide. It's been about a year ago. I forget... She was some kind of a girl that was a very popular woman. And I was up in the mountains. I saw her die. And they told me, said... He told me, said, "Now, she... You can say it's four o'clock. It's just a few seconds before four." And said, "They'll say she committed suicide, but she died with a heart attack." What is that woman's name? She just... A young blond-headed woman, Marilyn Monroe. That was it. She, she died, and--and she did not commit suicide.

L-155 I felt sorry for the girl. She always seemed to be kind of a woman, weary, she needed something. Wish I could have got to the child. She needed Christ. She might have went to some cold, formal church. But she needed a real case 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min of salvation, with something in her heart, to give that assurance. She... Her father, she never seen him. Her mother was in the insane institution. It was all on the girl's mind. She needed Christ. And then, in that, we know that.

L-156 The other night, my children was telling me that on the television they was going to have a play called "The River of No Return." There is where I caught the world record rainbow, down there one time with the Christian Business Men. And they wanted me to see if that was the river; go to a place with television and see it, if that was the river, and if Don Smith, the guide, taken this girl down. There she was on television, the same girl that I seen, and been dead a year. But there, every move she made was right there, acting out, her voice, alive. Now, that's in like a fourth dimension. And that same thing will be to every one of us at the Day of Judgment.

L-157 And then when Jesus Christ spoke these Words, they never die. Science claims, in twenty years from now they can pick up the literal Voice. They'll be able to pick up the literal Voice of Jesus. It's still in the earth. Cause, see, it's a sending post, you are. Then there has to be a receiving post. And if you can be the receptacle, see, receiving post, to receive the Word of God, then It's real to you, and It'll live just like it was then. Amen.

L-158 Now, Abraham picked it up. God said, "You're going to have a baby by Sarah your wife."

L-159 Now, to the natural mind, that's foolish. Could you imagine an old man, seventy-five years old, and his sixty-five year old wife, coming down and saying, "Now, doctor, we want to make arrangements for the hospital"? "Why," they said, "the old man is off at his head." See?

L-160 But all people that take God at His Word, to the world, is considered a little bit off at their head, because the things of this world is carnal, to God. And the preaching of the Gospel, and the Christian, is foolishness to them that perish, also.

L-161 But Abraham believed it. I can see Sarah knitting the little booties, you know, and getting the pins ready, and she is ready. The first month passed, and, see, he said, "Honey, how you feeling?" "There's no difference." "Glory to God. We'll have it, anyhow." "Why?" "God said so." A year passed. "How you feeling, Sarah?" "No different." "We're going to have it, anyhow. Hallelujah!" "How you know you're going to have it?" "God said so." It's the Word, God's promised.

L-162 Twenty-five years later, twenty-five years later, him a hundred years old, and her ninety, a little grandma with shoulder scarf on, and little dust-cap on. A stick, holding around like this, and him old, and his beard hanging down. "You feel any different, honey?" "Not a bit, dear."

L-163 "Glory to God! We're going to have it, anyhow. God said so." See?

L-164 There you are. And then we call ourselves Abraham's seed? No matter, why, it's going to be a great... He could praise God more, twenty-five years later. It's going to be a greater miracle.

L-165 But we'll see Jesus Christ manifest Himself right before us, and if He doesn't a spontaneous thing, "I missed it. I didn't get it." Abraham's seed? See?

L-166 God in His Word! "Heavens and earth will pass away," said Jesus, "but My Words shall never fail." God is in His universe. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, " Amen."--Ed.] God is in His Word.

L-167 When a hundred and twenty little, cowardly people, who had walked with Jesus for three and a half years, on earth, had seen Him raise the dead, and perform miracles, and signs, so forth... They were afraid of the threat of the Jews. They climbed up into the upper room on the outside of the building, the steps that went up the temple, to a little 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min upper room, a little prayer room of a thing on the outside, where some little olive oil candles was burning, or lamps with a wick in it. And they climbed up there and barred the doors, because they was afraid of the Jews.

L-168 "And then when the Day of Pentecost had fully come, there came a sound from Heaven like a rushing mighty Wind, and It filled all the house where they were setting." Doors flew open, windows flew open, out into the street, testifying under the power, the impact of the Holy Spirit. Why? God's Word had been made manifest to them. God kept His Word. No cowardliness then, when the Word anchors.

L-169 I'll stop here just a minute to say this. When a man or a woman, I don't care how much the doctor says, "You're dying with cancer, leprosy," or whatever it is. When you can receive that Word, which is God, something is going to happen. And there's nobody going to tell you any different. Know what you're doing. Yes, sir.

L-170 You believe God is in His universe? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] You believe God is in His Word? ["Amen."] Certainly, He's in His Word. Now, God in His Son.

L-171 God in His universe. God in His Word. You see God in His universe.

L-172 You see God in His Word, because He is the Word. That's God on print. That's the Word put on print, but It's also in the air, if you can receive It. Oh, my!

L-173 Like that little woman, touched the border of His garment, she received it. See? No matter what it was, she knowed in her heart, if she could touch Him, she'd be made whole.

L-174 And now notice, God in His Son. Oh! John 14:8, Jesus said, "I and the Father are One. The Father dwelleth in Me. It's not Me that doeth the works. It's My Father that dwelleth in Me; He doeth the work. Verily, verily I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself." Saint John, the 5th chapter and 19th verse, "The Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing." See? "God was in Christ, reconciling the world to Himself."

L-175 Now, many people gets the trinity all mixed up, when you go to thinking about it. Some make it three different individuals, and some makes it one, and they're both wrong. Notice, it's not three Gods.

L-176 It's three manifestations of the same God. See? It's three attributes. God, the Father, that was in the wilderness, in a form of a Pillar of Fire; and then that same God expressed Himself in His Son, which was the same God in His Son; and now that same God now expresses Himself in you and I, as the Holy Spirit. The same God, all the time, not three Gods; three manifestations of the same God, three attributes of a Father. That's what He was. He displayed it, as a Son. That's what He was. And now as the Holy Spirit in His people.

L-177 God, condescending; can't be touched, because sin. Then, God Himself was made reflected in a Man, because man was made in the image of God. And God was made in the image of man, in order to suffer, so that He could take away sin. And then...

L-178 And now He is in us. "Yet a little while, and the world seeth Me no more, yet I will be with you, even in you, to the end of the age." God in us. See? Now, now it looks like this, that anyone could see.

L-179 Many times, people say Jesus was a Jew. Some of them said He's half Gentile, half Jew. He was neither one. He was God. That's Who He was.

L-180 Now remember, when a baby is born, any life comes from the male sex. The germ of life comes from the hemoglobin, the blood. And the blood is... The life is in the blood. The Bible said so. Now the... like the--the--the...

L-181 It's springtime. And now all the birds are making nests, and they get a nest full of eggs. Now, an old mother bird can go out here and make her nest so pretty, and decorate it all up with all kinds of feathers. And she can lay a nest full of eggs, and set on them eggs so loyal. Until, she--she could turn them, every day, exactly right. And she can hover over them, and--and keep them warm, until such a way she won't... She'll starve herself to death. She'll get so poor she can't get off the nest, to go get her something to eat. She can be so loyal to them eggs, to her babies that's coming on! But if that female bird hasn't been in contact with the male bird, they'll never hatch. She's got to be in contact with the male. 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-182 It reminds me of churches today. Sometimes we can build the most prettiest church, we got so, and have the best lot of deacons and everything else like that; and a big congregation, the mayor of the city, and everybody coming to it, and bragging about it. But if they haven't been in contact with the new Birth, with the Male, Christ, you've got a nest full of rotten eggs. They'll lay there and rot, every one of them.

L-183 What we need today is a good old-fashion nest cleaning, all the way from Presbyterians, Baptists, all the way down, Pentecost and all. You've got to come in contact with Jesus Christ, Life. He is the One. The hen can lay an egg, but it will not hatch unless she's been with the male bird.

L-184 And God Almighty, God the Father, overshadowed the virgin Mary, and created in her womb a Blood cell which brought forth the Son of God without a sexual desire. And that Blood was shed at Calvary. Hallelujah! That is the Blood that I trust in, tonight, when there's nothing. "No other fount I know, nothing but the Blood of Jesus." Therefore, the Blood of God saves us. The Blood of God brings Jesus Christ in our midst. The Blood of God brings the Holy Ghost. Not the blood of a Jew or a Gentile; but God's Own creative Blood. Jesus, the Man, was His Son that He created Himself, and God tabernacled in that tabernacle. And God...

L-185 Law without penalty is not law. If you say it's against the law to run a red light, and no penalty to it, then it isn't law.

L-186 And God's law has penalty. "In the day you eat thereof, that day you die." And when man eat thereof, there's not...

L-187 God could not send another person to take the place. It would be unjust again. For me to make this brother die for what this brother done, would be wrong. God had to come, Himself. And the only way He could do it, would be come in His Own flesh, which was His Own creative body that He made, Himself, that He could suffer death. Amen.

L-188 There is the Gospel in the power. That's God manifested in the flesh, Emmanuel, to take away the sins of the world. And in that Blood we trust; not in the Jew or Gentile; but in the Blood of God, which was Jesus Christ. That's the reason He said, "I and My Father are One. My Father dwelleth in Me." It was the Father in Him.

L-189 A woman said, "Who did He pray to, in the garden of Gethsemane," on a street meeting one time.

L-190 I said, "I want to ask you something. You testified you had the Holy Ghost. Where is It at? What do you pray to?" It's on the inside of you, of course.

L-191 Well, we have the Spirit with measure. He had It without measure. We are sons and daughters of God, by measure. Like taking a spoonful of water out of the ocean, and He's the whole ocean, but the same chemicals that's in the spoon is in the whole ocean. It's quantity, but the same quality. Therefore, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever," God is in us. Yes. Notice. God in His universe. God in His Word. God in His Son.

L-192 Now, in this day where the social gospel preachers, brethren, try to make Him some kind of just a prophet, or--or some good philosopher, or something like that. He was either God or the greatest deceiver the world has ever had. He was God; nothing less, nothing more.

L-193 A woman belonged to a certain cult that doesn't believe in the literal virgin birth of Jesus, doesn't accept it. They just believe it's mind over matter. And she comes to hear me preach quite often. One night she met me going out. She said, "Brother Branham, I love to hear you speak." I said, "Thank you." She said, "I only find one fault in you."

L-194 I said, "Well, thank the Lord. I hope the Lord just finds that, only one." And I said, "My! Many faults as I have, and you only find one of them?" I said, "Thank you, very much." I said, "Might I ask what that fault is?" She said, "Yes. You brag too much on Jesus."

L-195 I said, "I'm sure going in, if that's all the fault I have, if I brag on Him," I said. Said, "You brag on Him too much." 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min I said, "How do you mean, I brag on Him?" She said, "Well, you make Him Divine." I said, "He was Divine."

L-196 "Oh," she said, "Mr. Branham, you're wrong, there." Said, "He was a good Man." I said, "He was more than a good Man." Said, "He was a prophet."

L-197 I said, "He's more than a prophet. He was the God of the prophets."

L-198 And she said, "Oh, Mr. Branham!" Said, "If I prove to you... You said you were fundamental. And if, you, I prove to you, by your own Bible, that He was not Divine, will you accept it?" I said, "If the Bible said so, I believe the Bible."

L-199 She said, "All right, I'll give you your own Scripture." Said, "Saint John, the 11th chapter. The Bible said, that, 'When Jesus went down to the grave of Lazarus,' the Bible said, 'He wept.' And He could not weep and be Divine."

L-200 I said, "Is that the end of it?" I said, "Is that all you got to say?" She said, "Yes."

L-201 I said, "Lady, your argument is thinner than the broth made out of the shadow of a chicken that starved to death." I said, "Why, you know. You know better than that." And she said, "What do you mean by that?"

L-202 I said, "Why, you, look here. Let me show you something." I said, "He was a Man, but you fail to see He was more than a Man." I said, "He was a man when He was crying. He was a man when He stood there, and a little stooped shoulders, over, when, the Bible said, 'There was no beauty we should desire Him.' He was a man standing there like that, weeping. But when He pulled that little shoulder up, looked up towards Heaven, He said, 'Lazarus, come forth,' and a man that been dead four days stood on his feet and lived again, that was more than a Man. Man cannot do that. That was God in His Son."

L-203 You believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Yes, sir. His...

L-204 That dead man, why, he was mortified. Other words, he was rotten. Said, "He stinketh." His soul was four-day's journey somewhere. We'll not argue about that, wherever it was. But whatever it was, corruption knew its Master. Hallelujah! And the soul knew its Creator and its Lover. And a soul that was gone from a rotten body, four days, stood on their feet and lived again. Tell me a man can do that? That was God in His Son, doing that.

L-205 I will admit that He was a Man, hungry, when He come down from Jerusalem that night, looking around, over a tree, trying to find something to eat. He was a Man. That's right. But when He took five biscuits and two fish, and fed five thousand, taken up twelve baskets, that was more than a Man. That was God, the Creator, standing there. He could turn water into wine. He could take biscuits and multiply food, and fish. God was in His Son, absolutely. Yes.

L-206 He was a Man when He was laying on that little old boat that night, and it flopping up-and-down. So tired from seeing visions, and virtue going out, and preaching the Gospel, healing the sick, and being criticized by everybody, He went back in the back of the ship and laid down. That was a Man laying back there, asleep. At that time, ten thousand devils of the sea swore they'd drowned Him that night. There He was, so tired He couldn't move. Even the waves couldn't even wake Him up. The little boat, like a bottle stopper on an angry sea, still didn't wake Him up. He was a Man. He was sleepy. He was tired. He was wore out.

L-207 But when once aroused, walked out and looked upon His disciples, said, "Oh, ye of little faith," put His foot up on the brail the boat. Looked up, said, "Peace, be still." And the winds and the waves obeyed Him. That was more than a Man speaking from there. That was God speaking out of His Son. Yes, sir. God was in His Son. I believe He was Divine. That's true.

L-208 He died at the cross, crying for mercy. He died, calling for a drink of water. He died, calling for mercy. He was a Man when He died. 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-209 But on that third day, when that prophecy was fulfilled, "I'll not leave His soul in hell; neither will I suffer my Holy One to see corruption." All devils in hell... He come forth with the keys of death, hell, and the grave. He rose and ascended on High, and give gifts unto men. That was more!

L-210 Every man that's ever amounted to a hill of beans believed that, too; poets, and authors, and--and all prophets through the age. We could interview some of them.

L-211 What if I could call Eddie Perronet here tonight, off the scene? He couldn't sell his songs. Nobody would buy them. One day the Holy Spirit struck him, and he grabbed his pen, and he wrote. All hail the power of Jesus' Name, Let Angels prostrate fall; Bring forth the royal diadem, And crown Him Lord of all.

L-212 Yes, sir. He's Lord of all. He believed that God was in Him. Oh, when I hear another say: When I survey the wondrous cross Whereon the Prince of Glory died, I count all my fame to be but loss. Another one wrote: Living, He loved me; dying, He saved me; Buried, He carried my sins far away; Rising, He justified freely forever; Someday He's coming, O glorious day!

L-213 If I could call Fanny Crosby tonight, say, "What do you think about Him? Was He a prophet, or what He was?" She'd say this: Pass me not, O gentle Saviour, Hear my humble cry; While on others Thou art calling, Do not pass me by. Thou the stream of all my comfort, More than life to me, Whom have I on earth beside Thee? Or whom in Heaven but Thee?

L-214 Praise God! God was in His Son, reconciling the world to Himself.

L-215 God in His universe! God in His Word! God in His Son! Yes, sir. Now, God in His people!

L-216 You believe God was in His universe? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] God is in His Word? ["Amen."] God was in His Son? ["Amen."] Now what about God in His people? ["Amen."] Amen. Oh!

L-217 "A little while and the world seeth Me no more," said Jesus. "Yet ye shall see Me; for I'll be with you, even in you, to the end, to the consummation. I'll be in you, the same yesterday, today, and forever." Yes, sir. What kind of a people should we be?

L-218 Reminds me of a story. Here not long ago, down in the South, we used to buy slaves, colored people. The Boers brought them over and sold them; the Dutch. And they were sold in America here for slaves. It's wrong.

L-219 Never was intended for men to rule over one another. We have one God. The color of the man's skin has nothing to do with his soul. We all come from one blood. A yellow man can give a black one a transfusion of blood, and so a black man give you, the white man. We're... God, of one man, made all nations, yes, sir, out of one man. But they've always... God made man; man made slaves. It never was right, in the beginning. 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-220 They used to come around and sell them, like a used car lot. They have these old-fashion homes and plantations, and they come there to get these slaves. Buyers would come by, brokers, to pick them up. One day a broker come by a certain plantation. He said, "Well, how many slaves you got?" Said, "About three hundred." Said, "I'd like to take a look at them." He went out.

L-221 And they were sad. They was away from their home. They never--they never know how to... They know they'll never go back home again. They never see daddy. They never see mother. The mothers would never see the children. It was a sad thing. And they'd whip them with whips, to make them work; try to drive them, to make them work.

L-222 But, they noticed one young fellow on there, they didn't have to whip him. His head was up, his chin up; walked around, all the time, just right at the dot. That broker said, "I want to buy that slave." The owner said, "But he's not for sale."

L-223 He said, "What's the difference of that man?" Said, "Is he the boss over them all?" He said, "No." Said, "He's a slave."

L-224 Said, "Maybe you feed him different than you do the other." Said, "No. He eats in the galley, like the rest of the slaves."

L-225 Said, "What makes him so much different than the other slaves?"

L-226 He said, "I wondered, too, till I found out. Over in the homeland in Africa where they come from, his father is the king of the tribe. And though he's an alien, yet he knows he's a king's son." That's his character. He wanted to act like his father.

L-227 Oh, what a disgrace it is today, that men and women who claim to be sons and daughters of God, with the nature of God in them; ministers in the pulpit, claiming to be sons of God; and deny that there is a Divine healing, denying there's an operation of the Holy Spirit. What a shame it is for our sisters who claim to be saints of God, cutting off their hair, and putting their clothes off, and acting the way they do! How a shame it is for our churches, permit men that's married two or three times, to be deacons on the board and things! What a disgrace it is!

L-228 We ought to realize that, though we aliens in this world, we are sons and daughters of the King of Heaven. And we, our character within us, should be like Jesus Christ, that (He) we might reflect His, by His Being. God is in His people. Yes. I believe that with all my heart.

L-229 John 14:12 said, Jesus said, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do also, the same manifestations." Look what we been finding during this week, how He manifests Himself to be Messiah, a gift that was in Him. He could discern your heart, discern their thoughts, tell them what it was.

L-230 A little woman pressed through the crowd one time, touched the hem of His garment. She said, "If I must but touch Him!" She run off in the crowd, and stood up, set down, whatever it was.

L-231 And everybody with their arms around Him, "Hello, Rabbi, young Prophet! How You doing?"

L-232 And some of them saying, "Hey, I hear You can raise the dead! We got a graveyard full of them." Critics, you just find them everywhere.

L-233 And there He was, pressing on through. After while He stopped. He said, "Who touched Me?"

L-234 When, Peter might have said these words, "Lord, they'll think there is something mentally wrong. Look at the arms and hands that touching You from everywhere, and then say, 'Who touched Me?'" He rebuked Him for it.

L-235 Jesus said, "But I felt a different kind of touch, a real touch."

L-236 So many of us tonight have confessions, so many of us do different things, but yet there's a touch, there is something that calls the attention to God. And God reflects Hisself in His child. The work that He does, we are supposed to do the same. 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-237 There the little woman set down. Jesus looked around till He found her. He told her about her blood issue, and said her faith had saved her.

L-238 Oh, we see Him when the little woman, at the well, come to get a bucket of water. And she was thirsty, and she started to let down the--the bucket into the well, when she heard a young Jew say, "Bring Me a drink."

L-239 Looked over there and said, "It's not customary. We have segregation here. You shouldn't ask me, a woman."

L-240 Said, "But if you knew Who you were talking to, you would ask Me for a drink." And then went ahead with the conversation till He found what her trouble was. He said, "Go get your husband and come here." She said, "I have no husband."

L-241 He said, "You've told the truth. You've got five, and the one you're living with now is not your husband. You've told the truth."

L-242 She said, "Sir, I perceive that You are a prophet. And we know that when the Messiah cometh, this is the very thing that He will do."

L-243 He said, "I am He that speaks to you." Oh, my! What was He doing? Reflecting God.

L-244 What is the Church supposed to do? Reflect the same thing that He did. Certainly. Oh, reflecting, God in His people!

L-245 I remember, in the Bible, when an old prophet, so filled with the Holy Spirit, till a Shunammite woman had a baby. And it died, and the prophet didn't, couldn't hear from God, nowhere. But he walked up-and-down the floor, to and fro, until the Spirit of God come on him. He stretched hisself up over that little dead baby, and he sneezed seven times, and come to life. What was it? That prophet? No, sir. God in His people. That's right. It was God in His people. Certainly. That's exactly right.

L-246 We find a man by the name of Saint Peter, didn't have enough education, no seminary experience, had no fellowship card from any organization. But he was filled with the Holy Spirit, God in His people. They seen him prophesy, and see it come to pass. They watched his great life. They heard his influence. A man, he spoke like Jesus Christ. The Bible said, that, "They perceived they were ignorant and unlearned men, but they knowed they'd been with Jesus." See? See? It reflects Himself in you. And they find out, them people believed it so great, so much, God come upon those people, till they even laid in the shadow of that ignorant fisherman. And as many as laid there, with faith, believing, got healed. Not the shadow of that fisherman, but God in His people, God operating through His people. Certainly.

L-247 They seen Paul stand up there and make prophecies. And every one of them happened just exactly; foretell things, and do everything that the Jesus Christ did when He was here on earth. They seen that he was with Christ. They know Christ was with him, till even they required him to take handkerchiefs and aprons from his body, and they laid it upon the sick and afflicted, and evil spirits went out of the people. Diseases was healed. What is it? God in His people.

L-248 Oh, what we need tonight! Look at last night. I was listening to the tape. A little woman come down from, I believe, Oregon, or somewhere. She was a poor woman. She had spent her money to come here. She had a unsaved husband and children. She was sick and afflicted, come to the platform. Somebody out there thought something different, that I was guessing of what is told wrong with her.

L-249 Then the Holy Spirit moved back and told her who she was, what her name was, and her mother named her. Told her when she was a little baby, what her name, was given. Told her what her marriage name was now. Told her where she had been, what she done, where she come from, what she was doing, what disease she had. And said she had a sinner husband, and--and a sinner children, and she was suffering with some sort of disease. I don't know now. Just listen at the tape.

L-250 And then the Holy Spirit come around with THUS SAITH THE LORD. "I give you your husband. I give you your children. I heal you." And today she's well. Her husband was the first one at the altar, last night, and her children are saved. 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-251 What is it? He that knows past tense, present tense, future tense. What is it? God in His people. Amen. That's right. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He promised these things in the last days.

L-252 Here I am, done, ten minutes till ten. I'm sorry, I just get talking. I got thirty more Scriptures laying here. Oh, oh! I'll save them for tomorrow night.

L-253 God in His people. You believe God is in His universe? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] You believe God is in His Word? ["Amen."] God is in His Son? ["Amen."] God in His people? ["Amen."] Aren't you happy to know that God is in the universe, God is in His Son, God is in the people? ["Amen."] God is still God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Blessed be the Name of the Lord! I tell you. Let's pray. Let's bow our heads.

L-254 Our Heavenly Father, we believe You to be God. We know that You're near. We see You back yonder before the world ever began. We see You stretch forth Your hands, and made the world. The world is framed together by the Word of God. The very dirt that we set on tonight is the Word of God made manifest. If not, where did it come from? You spoke, and it was so. You're still God, tonight. O God, let us--let us see the vision of it. Let us catch the real meaning of Your precious Word. Grant it, Father. Bless us tonight.

L-255 I pray that You'll grant tonight, that You will show that You're in Your people. Now, they can see You in the universe. They can see You in different places, Lord. Now let's--let's see You appear, our Heavenly Father, if it so graces us. I pray that You will see, Lord, that we do not mean it that we have to see these things, but that Your Word might be fulfilled. You didn't need to heal the people, to prove You was the Son of God. You did it because You said it was that the Word might be fulfilled. And tonight, You're not doing these things just because You think You ought to do them. You are doing them because You have promised to do them. You are--are obligated to the Word, Lord, and You certainly always make It true.

L-256 Here is handkerchiefs laying here, Lord, of sick people. Way out across the country, there is little, sick children, mothers. You've watched these handkerchiefs. I laying my hands upon them, Father. I know I'm not the Saint Paul, but You're still Jesus.

L-257 And it was said one time, in the Bible, that a group of people, called the Israelites, were obeying Your commandment. They were going right in the road of duty. And standing in the line of duty, the Red Sea got in their way. It cut them off. Pharaoh's army was approaching. The mountains and deserts was on either side. It seemingly that God left Himself no place for retreat, but there was something in the way. You promised them that You'd take them to a new land. The Red Sea got in the way. One writer said, that, "God looked down through that Pillar of Fire, with angry eyes." Said, "When He did, the Red Sea got scared, and it moved back, and Israel kept on the journey."

L-258 O God of Heaven, You're still Jehovah tonight. Not only looking through the Pillar of Fire, but look down through the Blood of Your Own Son tonight. And sickness has stood in the way of these sick people here, that these handkerchiefs represent. Great Jehovah God, when these handkerchiefs are laid upon the sick, may that devil get scared, move back. God, take them to that promise, "I'm the Lord that heals all your diseases." Grant it, Father. In the Name of Your Son, Jesus Christ, we ask it.

L-259 And now, Lord, bless the waiting ones in the audience. I pray in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-260 Now, I believe we're just a little late. We been calling prayer cards each night, up to the altar. I believe we'll just call the ones that hasn't got prayer cards tonight, so you'll see that the prayer card has nothing to do in it. How many in here is sick and doesn't have a prayer card? Raise up your hand. All right. There's not a person here, that I see, that I know. I can't call one person, only these little singers setting here in the front.

L-261 If I said God is in His universe, God is in His people. You believe God is in His people? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.]

L-262 Now, each one of you, you look this way. As Peter and John said, passed through the gate called Beautiful, said, "Look on us." That means, "To pay attention. Listen to what I'm going to say." He said, "Silver and gold have I none. 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min But such as I have, as faith; such as I have, give I thee. In the Name of Jesus Christ, rise up." Reached and got a hold, the man, begin to hold him up, till his ankle bones got strong. Then he walked away, rejoicing.

L-263 As you already know, I'm not educated. I'm not. I couldn't call myself a preacher. I'm kind of a spare tire. But God gave me a gift, as a gift to manifest Jesus Christ, to make the people to see that He still lives. Now, if...

L-264 He's not dead. If He's dead, then our--our religion is in vain. But I've seen hundreds of religions, as a missionary around the world, facing all kinds of devils, witch doctors, and everything. But our religion is true. Our God lives. He's not dead. He's alive. And He promised, "The works that I do shall you also."

L-265 I tell you, that, any man that has confessed his sins, and under the Blood of Jesus Christ, he is a son of God, if he's born of the Spirit of God. They are sons and daughters of God.

L-266 Now, what if Jesus was standing here tonight, wearing this suit that He gave me through my good friend, Carl Williams? What if--if He was standing here and had this suit on, and you'd walk to Him, say, "Lord Jesus, will You heal me?" Why, He couldn't do it. He's already done it; by His stripes we were healed. You'd say, "Forgive me." He did that at Calvary. The work was finished, of the whole plan of salvation. Healing and all was finished.

L-267 The Bible said, that, "He ascended on High, sets at the right hand of God." Do you believe that? He's there to make intercession, and He is our High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmity. You believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] "Our only Intercessor between God and men is Jesus Christ." That's according to the Bible. You might have others try it. But there's only One that God hears, and that's Jesus Christ. That's right. Notice, as He sets there, a High Priest, the same yesterday, today, and forever.

L-268 Now, if He was walking here tonight, and you had faith to believe that He could heal you, just like that little woman that believed that God was in His Son! Now, you believe God is in His Word. You believe God is in His people.

L-269 Jesus raised from the dead, went back to the Holy Spirit, and returned back again, living in His people, to do the same works that He did. And the hour has approached for this to be fulfilled, 'cause the ending of the Gentile dispensation is at hand. He did it at the end of the Jewish, the end of the Samaritan, and now at the end of the Gentile, just as He did then. Promised to do it, according to the Scripture. Now, each one of you out there, that's sick and needy...

L-270 And the Heavenly Father knows I tell the truth. If there's any person I can see in this building, that I know, right at this time, looking this way, is these little boys setting right here, and little girl, that sang, is only one that I see, that I know.

L-271 How many of you out there knows that I don't know nothing about you, you're strangers? Raise up your hand. See? Everybody. I don't care where you're at, in the back, wherever it is.

L-272 Now, if Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and He's a High Priest, and we become a receiving post to Him. The works that He did, we're to do also. I know you can hear a psychological sermon. We can talk about what He was, and, why, that's all right. But will it work? We can say He's the same, but will it work? Like somebody trying to sell something; it looks good, but let's see it work.

L-273 Now, our religion must become in action. Christian religion is an action. It's Jesus Christ Himself, in action, that can.

L-274 Just like this here microphone, that microphone is a complete mute until something speaks into it. And then it transmits the voice of what speaks in it. But, in itself, it's a mute.

L-275 And so is any man or woman. You're a mute when it comes to these things, but if you're in contact, and Christ has pulled you around to use you, you are not. It's not your voice. It's His.

L-276 That's the reason I'll take anybody to record, of the tens of thousands times thousands of times, did you ever see it wrong? It never will be, because it's God.

L-277 Now, you've got to believe it. You've got to accept it. You must have faith, and don't doubt it. 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-278 Now, to you out there in the audience, I want you to bow your heads for a few minutes, and I want you to pray like that little woman did. "Lord, I'm sick." Or, "I've got a sick friend." Or, "I'm desperate, in need. I have domestic trouble," or most anything that you have need of.

L-279 Say, "Lord Jesus, I know that man don't know me. He's a total stranger to me. But, You know me. And I want You, Heavenly Father, to help me. I want You to--to heal me. And I'm going to touch Your garment. I'm so far away from him, wouldn't do no good to touch him, anyhow; he's just a man. But I'm going to touch You. And he has told that we're living in the last days, and the last sign has struck the church; according to the Scriptures, as You come to Abraham, the elect that was called out of Sodom. Now, Father God, let it be, tonight. Just let it be, Father, that when... Let the man tell me, speak to me like He did the woman that touched His garment, and I'll believe You with all my heart." Now let the music get real quiet, if you would, sir.

L-280 Now pray. Now, everybody that's sick, don't no one move. And don't--don't...

L-281 Someone just took a picture. Don't take no more. See, the Holy Spirit is a Light. I watch It.

L-282 Now you see where I stand? Here's a--a sponsoring group of ministers behind me. There's around a thousand people setting in front of me. When, I seen the time when half a million setting there. I do not know one person.

L-283 And you, tonight, with no prayer cards, I want you to just pray and say, "Lord Jesus, let this be taken away, all superstition, from me. He said God was in His people. He said that God had sent him to declare Jesus Christ in the last days, to the Church. I'm sick. And if I can just touch Your garment, tonight! They, they tell me the Bible speaks and says, 'You're a High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities.' And the Bible said, 'You're the same yesterday, today, and forever.' Then, You'd act today like You did yesterday. And that woman touched You, and set down in the audience, and You turned around and told her what her trouble was, and said her faith had made her well."

L-284 Now pray sincerely, and may the Lord God grant the request, is my prayer. Now just be real reverent. Pray just a moment. If you're a sinner, say, "Forgive me, Lord." If you're sick, and a sinner, say, "Forgive me, Lord." If you're a Christian, you have a right to the Tree of Life.

L-285 Now, if you feel like that you've prayed, and you have something, that, now you just keep your mind on Christ. You can raise your head if you wish to, and just keep your mind on Christ, and watch this way. Look this way, towards me.

L-286 And now just believe with all your heart, say, "Lord Jesus, the best that I know how, I've prayed the prayer of faith. And I have no prayer card. I'll not be called in the prayer line. Or, if he calls the prayer line, after while, I'll not be there. I have no prayer card. But I--I have faith, God. Help me."

L-287 Now you do that. And then if Jesus Christ will come down and anoint us, your faith to believe it, my eyes to see it, and my lips to speak it! And if He does the same thing He did yesterday when He was here on earth, and promised to do it again, then God is in His people. Then you say, "Show us the Father, and it'll satisfy us."

L-288 Just pray. Now, it's not my faith. It's yours. I'm just waiting for Him to speak to me. If He doesn't speak, then I'll call the prayer line. That's all I can do. Now, I--I'm helpless without Him. But I'm sure He's here. Exactly. If I could just see somebody that has faith! Don't, don't be nervous. You never get anything, being nervous by it. Just reverently, before God, just present your needs.

L-289 What a moment! What a moment! See? God, the Word, is the Truth, and the Word is going to be found. Either I'm a false witness of the Word, or, if I've told the Truth, God will vindicate that Word is the Truth. That's right. God will have nothing to do with a lie. You know that.

L-290 Here It is. Thank You, Lord. In the Name of Jesus Christ, I take every spirit in here, under my control, for the glory of God.

L-291 Believe now, reverently, and believe. That Angel that you see in the picture, is here at the platform. It goes into the audience. Just a moment. Left... 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min

L-292 Here It is. Can you see That? It's a little lady setting right out here, on next to the end of the row. See that Light, amber, right by the side of the lady? She is soon to be a mother. Isn't that right? You have a prayer card? You don't. You don't need one. But you were believing. You believe me to be His prophet, His servant? If the Lord Jesus Christ will reveal to me the things that's in your heart, and what you're here for, will you accept it?

L-293 You're nervous, of course, fixing to be a mother, but your trouble is in your back. You're having trouble in your back, and that's really what you was asking God to heal you of. Isn't that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. Now, if those things are true, what has been said is the truth, I want you to stand up so the people know it is the truth. Are we total strangers to one another? If that's right, raise up your hand. Is what He said is the truth? If that's right, wave your hand like this.

L-294 Now, there is a woman that touched His garment. She couldn't touch me. She's thirty or forty feet from me. But she touched His garment. And ask her. She's been praying that God would heal her back and give her deliverance of that baby. That's right. Is that right? And did it before you come here to the church tonight, and prayed that some way you'd be admitted to the prayer line. If that's right, if that's your prayer, raise your hand. How can I stand here and tell her what she said before she left home? You believe God can tell me what your name is? Mrs. Cisco. Believe with all... That's right. That's right. Raise up your hand. Now go home. You're well. God bless you and the child, and your husband setting there.

L-295 Before God, I never seen the woman in my life before. Is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.]

L-296 Here, the little, Spanish-looking woman setting there. She was all thrilled about it. She realizes something is going on. She is crying because that Light's right over her. I don't know her. I've never seen her. But she had something on her heart, she was praying about. It's about her mother. That's right. Have you a prayer card? You don't need one. You don't have any. You don't need one.

L-297 Your mother, she is very sick. She's not here. She's in Bakersfield. That's right. You're a minister's wife. That's your husband setting by you. He's got a brother. He calls him "Joe." That is right. Now, if that's the truth, raise up your hand. I never seen the people in my life. If that's true, you two stand on your feet. If that's true, and I'm a perfect stranger to you, raise up your... You have your request. Go home. Jesus Christ hears you. Praise be to God!

L-298 That woman setting right behind, with that pink-looking blouse on, have you got a prayer card, lady? I'm a stranger to you. I don't know you. Is that right? But there's a black, dark-looking circle, circling the lady. What does it mean? May the Lord God tell me. Yes, I see her fall. She is having some kind of a spell. She has epilepsy. That's right. If that's right, raise up your hand. Do you believe Jesus Christ can heal you? Then accept your healing. May you never have another one, in the Name of Jesus Christ.

L-299 Do you believe with all your heart? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Have faith in God. Do you believe? ["Amen."] Notice. Here He is again. Notice. It's over a little woman, a little, thin-looking woman, setting right down here. She is suffering with a--a--a anemia condition. She's going to miss it.

L-300 Lord God, help me. Please, I pray, Father, don't let it pass her.

L-301 Her name is Mrs. Marsh. Stand up, Mrs. Marsh, and be made well, in the Name of Jesus Christ.

L-302 Satan thought he'd get by with that, but he missed it. I don't know the woman. I've never seen her in my life. God in Heaven knows.

L-303 What is it? God in His universe, God in His Word, God in His Son, God in His people. "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." Do you believe it, with all your heart? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] How many believes it? Raise your hands.

L-304 How many needs God in your life? Raise your hands and wave your hands.

L-305 Now take them waving hands, and lay them over on one another, and I'll pray for you from here. You pray for somebody. Put your hands on one another and you'll see the glory of God. I don't care how crippled you are. If there's 63-0606, Show Us The Father, Ramada Inn, Tucson, AZ, 96 min anybody here in a wheelchair, anybody on crutches, anybody that can't walk, get ready, you're going to walk. You're going to walk out, if you believe it. Put your hands on one another, and pray for one another. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, is here, God in His people. Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover."

L-306 Heavenly Father, I come to ask pardoning grace and prayer for these people, while we know that Your Presence is here. I ask that every devil power be broken, in the audience, and that Jesus Christ will take over the meeting at this time, and will heal every sick person that's in Divine Presence. Through Jesus Christ's Name I ask it.

L-307 I believe. I don't care what's wrong with you, what has been wrong. I'm going to pronounce you "healed." If you believe it, with all your heart, let your crutches lay where they are. Where your... Whatever is wrong, stand up on your feet and witness to God that you accept your healing at this time. Stand to your feet. And believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ... There you are. That's it. The whole group is standing, one hundred percent. Jesus Christ has healed every person in Divine Presence, that has believed.

L-308 Now, if you don't know Him as your Saviour, come up here now and receive Him while His Presence is here. Will you walk up here now and receive Him? Raise up your hands to God and give thanks and praise, while I ask one of the pastors if he'll take the service. Come here. God bless you, brother. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Be Not Afraid
