Date: 1963-03-21
Title: The Fourth Seal
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Branham Tabernacle
Location: Jeffersonville, IN
Duration: 136 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 63-0321

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Good evening. We bow our heads now just a moment for prayer. Our gracious and heavenly Father, we are approaching Thee again tonight now in the Name of the Lord Jesus to give Thee thanks for another day. And we are asking now for Your blessings on the service tonight. Let the Holy Spirit come and give us the interpretation of these things that we're so diligently seeking. O God, may it be so precious that we can all fellowship around the Word in such a way that when we leave, we'll be able to say, "Did not our hearts burn within us as He talked to us along the way." We thank You for what He has been to us and trusting that He will remain with us as we journey on, for we ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen. [Luke 24:32]

L-2 So happy to be back in the house of the Lord tonight in the service again. And we are--are glad... I'm so happy that... Just thought this one wouldn't come, but it finally did. And so I'm so thankful, that being the last of those four horse riders, which I think is one of the main messages to the Church at this time... I don't know what the other one is. I'm just taking it day by day. Just as He reveals it, I'm trying to--to give it by--as He gives it to me. Are you enjoying the--the blessings? Have you noticed how it just in--in collaboration with them church ages just how it just exactly fits in just perfectly with them. That's how it... To me, it shows that It's--It's the same Holy Spirit that give the church ages, same Holy Spirit then is giving this (You see?), 'cause it's blended together, all one big act of God showing Himself in different ways.

L-3 You notice, when He showed Himself to Daniel in the vision, there'd be a representation of one thing, like a--a goat in this place, or maybe a tree, and the next place it would be a statue, and--and--and things He just making it the same thing all the time. Just be sure that we don't miss it. I was certainly thrilled just a few moments ago talking to a little lady setting here about eighty-five years old, and she... Not long... Just 'fore I left to go out west, why, there was a little girl up in Ohio that was, I think so, that was dying with the last stage of leukemia. Now, leukemia is cancer in the blood stream. And, oh, the little thing was, you know, such an awful condition that there was no more hope for her at all. They were feeding her by the veins--the operation. And so they was a real poor family. And they... Mrs. Kidd, here, and--and Brother Kidd, they told them about the Lord answering prayer so much, and they got together, I think, and hired someone and brought the little girl down.

L-4 And she was a very pretty little girl, about oh, six or seven years old--nine years. And--and she was back there in the room, and the--and when we went before the Lord, the Holy Spirit gave a word to her. And they had to take her and have to take her and feed her, you know, that way, and when she left, she was crying for a hamburger, and so, taking her food by mouth. And they gave her the hamburger and just went ahead feeding her natural. In a short time, a few days, they taken her back to the doctor, and they--the doctor just simply couldn't understand. He said like it even wasn't even the same girl. He said, "Why, there--there's not even one trace of leukemia about it nowhere--nowhere at all." So... And she was dying. They'd done give her up, just feeding her through her veins. She'd done turned yellow (You know how they get.) and so they... And now she's at school playing with the other children, just as happy as can be.

L-5 Reminds me of another case of that. One day I'd just come home; there was a... If I'm not mistaken, they were either Episcopalians or Presbyterian people that'd brought a little girl from Kansas, and the doctors had give her up with the leukemia, and they gave her, I believe, four days to live. She'd gotten so bad so they said it just... Spend those four days coming over here through the snowdrifts and things across the country to have her prayed for. And the grandfather, a very fine looking, elderly man, and grayed hair... And they had had her already two days down here in a little motel out here (I guess it isn't standing there now.), this side of Silver Creek. And so, I went down that night to pray for her. 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min

L-6 It was early in the morning. I'd come in that night from out of town and went down. And the elderly father, grandfather was walking in the floor, and the mother trying to take care of the child. And while I knelt to pray, the Holy Spirit revealed to me a secret that was between the--the mother and the father, something they done. I called them to side and asked them about it. They started crying, said, "That's right." Then I looked back, and I seen the little girl skipping a rope, going playing. And now, the little child... In about three weeks time they sent me the picture of the little girl back in school, skipping a rope, and had no leukemia at all. Now, now, those testimonies are absolutely bonafide truths (See?); so our God is so real that we--we just serve Him and--and we believe Him, and--and I--I know He's real.

L-7 Now, I'm trying my best now, and--and while something inner in among us is working its way through... And now, we're going to try tonight, by the grace of God, to take this Fourth Seal and see what the Holy Spirit will have to say to us in it. Now, I'm going to read the--Revelations the 6th chapter and beginning with the 7th verse (7th and 8th); there's always two verses. The first is the announcement, and the second verse is what he saw. And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see. And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that set on him--that set... was--was Death, and Hell followed... him. And power was given unto them over the four parts of the earth, to kill with the sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with... beasts of the earth. Now, the Lord help us now to understand this. It's a mystery. [Revelation 6:7-8]

L-8 Now, just a little preview to back up, as we did the church ages--these riders and these breaking of these Seals... Now, so we just get it in our mind, talk a little until we feel that it's the appropriate time to speak. Now, we have noticed now that the breaking of the Seal, it's the sealed Book of Redemption. And then the Book is rolled up like a scroll just like the old way was. It wasn't a book of this type, 'cause this is just recently come in, these kind of books in the last, oh, I guess a hundred and fifty years or something, two hundred. And then they'd roll it up, then leave the end loose. As I told you how it was done, and the Scriptures, where to find it, in--in Jeremiah and so forth. Then the next was rolled around there and the end left loose and like that, and each one was a Seal, and it was a seven-sealed Book. And it was a... No one... When they was... It was a seven-sealed Book of Redemption. Pardon me.

L-9 And then no one in heaven or in earth or beneath the earth was worthy to open it or even to look upon it. And John wept because he could find no man, because if that Book was not taken out of the hand of the original Owner, where it had been lost by Adam and Eve, and went back after they forfeited their rights of the Word, the promises, their inheritance... They... Remember, they controlled the earth. He was a--he was an amateur god, for he was a son of God, and a son of God is a--an amateur god. Now, that ain't contrary to the Scripture. I know that sounds strange, but Jesus said, "If you call them who the Word of God came to..." And what does the Word of God come to? Prophet. "If you call them who the Word of God come to, gods, how can you condemn Me when I say I'm the Son of God?" See? [Amos 3:7]

L-10 And now, they were gods. And men, if you become born in the family of your family name, you are a son and part of your father. And then--then when sin came in, we found out the man crossed the chasm, and--and the blood of bulls and goats covered, but did not remit, until the real Bleach came that could take the stain of sin and break it completely to pieces and send it back upon its original perverter; that was Satan. When it got back to Satan, he waits his time of eternal annihilation. Now, that shows what we believe. We believe that he will absolutely be done completely away and annihilated.

L-11 I believe that sin will be broke up, and when it's confessed upon the basis of the Blood of Jesus Christ (It's like dropping a drop of black ink in a bunch of Clorox bleach.), it just breaks it into the chemicals and sends it plumb back to where it come from. See? 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min And that's the way the Blood of Jesus Christ does. Then that sets a man across the chasm again as a son of God. See? And then--then he becomes a... Why, even he's... The creative power of God is in him, and at least whenever God can command it to be done, it'll be done. And we get back.

L-12 That when the--the Moses, under the blood of bulls... And when he met that Light, the Pillar of Fire in that burning bush, and he stood down there on a commission God had give him, and he was a prophet; and when the Word of the Lord came to him, he spoke and even things created by the Word. See? And now, if it'll do that under that, the blood of bulls, what about the Blood of Jesus? Not covered, but remitted it altogether; and you stand in the Presence of God as a redeemed son. Now, see, the church is far beyond its standard of living. And I think too many times we're probing instead of really coming out and facing the issue. I got something I want to say, and I--I will at the time.

L-13 And now, notice that there's something wrong somewhere in the churches. And I think it's the denominational systems that's twisted the people's minds and so forth until they don't know how to do it. That's right. But we're promised that it would be revealed. And now, these Seven Seals that this Book is sealed with, and those Seven Seals... Now... And then after these Seven Seals are completed, we find in Revelations 10 there was seven mysterious thunders that John was commissioned to write but then forbidden to write those. And at the time of those thunders, we find Christ, or the Angel come down with a rainbow, and put His feet on the land and sea and swore that time had run out at that time.

L-14 And then we find--find out that in the revealing of the Seals that the--the Lamb had left His mediatorial work as an Intercessor and had come forth now to claim His rights, all that He had redeemed by His death. And then the... No one could open the Book; no one understood It. It was a Book of Redemption, and God, the Father, Spirit, had It in His hand, because Christ was at the throne as a Mediator, the only Mediator. Therefore, there could be no saint, no Mary, no Joseph, no nothing else on that altar, because it was Blood, and only the Blood of Jesus could make the atonement. So nothing else could be standing as a mediator. That's right. There was nothing else.

L-15 So all this idea of interceding with Jude for politics and interceding with Saint Cecilia for something else, that's nonsense. That's not... I--I don't say them people are not honest and sincere. I don't say you're not sincere in you doing it if you do, but you're wrong. You're--you're sincerely wrong. And anything... They say, "Well, this--this angel, this--this appeared to--to Saint Boniface and said this, that, and the other and they can say this." I don't doubt that a bit in my mind but what somebody seen the vision. I--I don't doubt what Joseph Smith saw the vision, but it wasn't according to the rest of the Word. So therefore, to me it's wrong. See? It has to come with the rest of the Word.

L-16 That's the way the church ages and Seals and all the rest of it. And when anybody thinks that he has those seven thunders, if it don't compare with the rest of the Word, there's something wrong here. See? It's got to come THUS SAITH THE LORD, for this is the Book; this is the revelation of Jesus Christ in its entirety. Now, I--I believe then that the Lamb came forth. They didn't know... John was weeping. He couldn't find nobody in heaven, in earth 'cause all was other side of the chasm (See?): sin.

L-17 There was no man; and an Angel, of course he'd be worthy, but after all, it had to be a kinsman, had to be a human being, and there was no such a thing, 'cause every man had been born by sex. Had taking One born without it, so God Himself took that in the virgin birth and become Emmanuel, and His Blood was for--the One was worthy. And when He crossed this chasm Hisself and paid the price and bridged the way for the rest of us, then He set down to be Mediator, and He's been setting there. And the Book has actually been closed all that time. It's there, but it's still in symbols. They seen it.

L-18 John even saw it, the announcement when the first come forth. He said, "A white--a horse went forth. He had a rider on him, had a bow in his hand." That's symbol. That isn't revealed. See? No, it's just a symbol. And as far as any man upon the earth, that's all he could say. That's right. 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min He might stumble and stagger, no doubt hit somewhere here or there and after while... But we find out then that in the Book of the Revelation at the seventh angel's message, the mysteries, all the mysteries of it, should already be revealed by that time (Now that's Revelations 10:1-7.), that it should be revealed according to that time--at that time when He did. Then the seven thunders utter their strange voices, and John was going to write... It was... John knew what it was, but he--he didn't write it, 'cause he was forbidden to write it. That's absolutely and altogether a mystery. It's not even in symbol or nothing. We just know he--it thundered; that's all. [Revelation 6:2]

L-19 And now, in studying this... Now, don't forget... Now, Sunday, or Sunday morning we omitted the healing service because of having the answers to the--to the people's questions. Now, if... I want you to have a question on these Seven Seals, if it's bothering you, something that you don't understand. Let's have it on the Seven Seals, then I can tell by Saturday night whether it's enough to--to answer them or not. You see? And then just... Now, just say... Well, about something else, or "Should I do this?" or--or "My... I had a dream." Them--them's all worthy things, now remember. They're worthy things, but let's stay right with the Seven Seals; that's what we're right on. That's--that's what the--the meeting is designated to: the Seven Seals. Let's stay right with that.

L-20 I got to go home, got to have a few meetings out in the west. I'll be back again then in a little over a month or two or something like that, and maybe the Lord will permit that we can have something else on that--maybe healing service or something then or whatever we're--whatever it is. Then we've got seven trumpets here to come forth yet. You see? And them all comes in there too, and the seven vials (See?) to be poured out, so... And it'll all blend right in here, but it's all a mysterious yet. Now, last night we find that the First Seal went forth, and the rider and the Lord... So help me, I never knew it before; none of these things have I ever knowed before. That's right. And I just don't--just go up there and take the Bible and set down and set there until... When it goes to breaking forth like that, I just pick up my pen and start writing (See?), and just stay there, maybe for hours, till It gets--a--It gets finished.

L-21 Then I go back, and I find out as I see where He said this... I thought, "Well, looks like I've seen that somewhere." I get my concordance, go look back (Is there something like that?) and here it is right here. And then here it is over here again; here it is back here and down here and over here. Then I just tie it right in. I know that's God as long as it's comparing Scripture with Scripture. That's the way it has to do. Just like putting a building together, the stones have to fit stone by stone.

L-22 Now, last night we had the opening of the--of the Third Seal. First was a white horse, and the next was a red horse, and then a black horse. And we find out that the riders were the same rider all the time, and that was the antichrist to start with. He didn't have no--no crown, but he received one later on. And then we find out that then he was given a sword to take peace from the earth, and we find out that he did that. Then he come in with the dogmas of giving the church with money by weighing a penny of--for this and two pennies for that, but he was forbidden to touch the oil and the wine, which was a little that was left. And then, we give--left off last night with the illustration of what the oil and wine was and what the effects that it had. And we... It might've sounded a little rude, but it's just exactly the Truth. See?

L-23 Now, we left off on... Well--well, let's for just a few moments review of that now. And then we left off on the power of the wine, what the oil represented Spirit. (I guess you all got it all down. You'll find it on the tape, if you didn't and where to find the Scriptures.) That the oil always symbolizes the Holy Spirit, like the foolish virgins with no oil, wise virgins with oil, which is the Holy Spirit, and then on back in--in the--the prophets and so forth. And now, of course I don't try to pull out every Scripture in there, and there's things that you can't even speak about; take too much time. But I try to place out here with Scriptures and so forth just enough to give the people so it'll let them know and see the picture of it. But if you'd set down with one of them Seals, why, my, you could take a month's sermons every night right on that Seal and still not even touch it (See?), on one of them. And that's how--how much there is to it. But I just hit the high spots of it, then you can--you can see what it's all about. 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min

L-24 Now, as oil symbolized the Holy Spirit... Then we find out that oil and wine is connected in worship (See?), always connected in worship. And the wine, I said (which come to me) that the wine symbolizes that it was the power of--it was the power of stimulation by revelation. See? And that's when something has been revealed. It gives stimulation to the believer, because it's presented by revelation. See? It's something that God has said; it's a mystery. They can't understand it. See? And after while, God comes down and reveals it and then vindicates it.

L-25 Remember, if the Truth is revealed, the Truth is also vindicated. God constantly... No matter how smart the person might be, how brilliant he might be in his mind, if God don't back up what he's saying, there's something wrong. That's right, 'cause it's the Word. Now, when Moses went out there under the inspiration of God and said, "Let flies come," flies come. He said, "Let frogs come"; frogs come. See, what if he said, "Let flies come," they didn't come? See? Then he--he didn't speak the Word of the Lord (See?); he only spoke--he spoke his own word. He might've thought there ought to be flies, but there--there didn't any flies come because God hadn't told him so. And when God tells you anything and says, "You go do this, and I'll be right with it for this is My Word," and He shows it in the Bible, then God stands right behind that. And if it's not written in the Bible, God stands behind it anyhow, if it's God's Word. See? And then if it's outside of that, it's revealed to prophets. We realize that all the mysteries of God is made known to prophets and them alone (See?), Amos 3:7. [Exodus 8:21-22]

L-26 Now, now, the power of revelation brings stimulation to the believer, for the power of wine, natural wine is to stimulate. See? It's to--to bring a person that's all slumped down to a stimulation. See, see? Well then, now there's a power of the revelation of the Word gives stimulation of joy to the believer, stimulation of satisfaction, the stimulation that it's vindicated, it's proved. It's called in the Scripture, as we want to refer to it, as new wine. We always refer to it like that as "These are drunk on new wine," (See?), all right, or spiritual wine. I think the best interpretation would be--would be on spiritual wine. [Acts 2:13]

L-27 As the natural wine reveals itself in stimulated power, so does the new wine as it reveals the Word of God which is Spirit. Now, that's the--that's the... See? The Word Itself is Spirit. You believe that? Let's read it. Let's read it. Saint John 6, let's just do... You... Then you--then you don't say, "Well, I... Somebody said that." Let's--let's see Who said it, and then we'll know whether it's Truth or not. Saint John the 6th chapter, and--the 6th chapter and I believe it's the 60--63rd verse. All right. (I think it's it.) Yes. It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profit nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life. [John 6:63]

L-28 The Word Itself is Spirit; it's Spirit in Word form. And then, you see, when It is quickened or brought to Life, the Spirit of the Word goes to work and acts. See? Because that... Now, look here: A thought has to be a thought before it can be a word. And then when a thought is presented, it is a word. Now, this is the--God's thought that He has placed in the Word, and then when we receive it from Him, it becomes a Word. God revealed to Moses what to do. Moses spoke it, and it happened. See? That's it, when it's really comes from God... Now, we find out that--that it--it stimulates, and it gives joy, because it is God's Word, and the new wine--the new wine stimulates the--when it reveals the Word; then brings joy beyond measure sometimes (We went through that.), that it brings such joy till you get over-flooded.

L-29 Now, I know there's a lot of fanaticism and people carrying on. I know sometimes they do it when the music's jumping up and down and everything. And I know that goes, and I--I believe that too. I've seen people in the day when the--as long as the music's playing, everybody was jumping and screaming, but when the music stopped, they stop. See? I believe... Well, that--that's still all right, as far as I'm concerned (You see?), as long as people lives right and... But now, what... You start bringing the Word. Now, that's the thing that actually brings Life is the Word, and that brings the joy of stimulation of new wine. See? That's... And that's what it was on Pentecost when the Word was vindicated. 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min

L-30 Now, look. Now, Jesus told them (Luke 24:49), "Behold I send the promise of My Father upon you, but you go up to Jerusalem and wait until..." What was the promise of the Father? Joel 2:28, why, we find out He was going to pour out the Spirit. In Isaiah 28:19, how there'd be stammering lips and other tongues and all these things. They went up there, and as we went through it... Maybe one said, "Why, I believe we've waited long enough. Let's just accept it by faith." That was good Baptist doctrine, but it didn't work with them brothers. So then, the first thing you know, it had to become a reality, and they waited on their ministry for the Word to be vindicated. And when you come to seek the Holy Spirit, you do the same. Yes, you can accept it by faith; you have to accept Christ by faith; that's exactly right. And you accept the Holy Spirit by faith, but then let the Holy Spirit come and give the circumcision as a witness that He's accepted your faith. You see? Then... [Luke 24:49], [Joel 2:28], [Isaiah 28:11]

L-31 See, Abraham believed God and it was imputed to him for righteousness, but God give him the sign of circumcision as a confirmation He'd accepted his faith. So that's the same thing we must do. We must wait on the Holy Spirit till It's done something, not necessarily 'cause we spoke in tongues, not because we have danced, or we got emotional, we shouted: until we were changed, until something actually happened. I don't care what form it comes in, just so it happened; that's the main thing. See? [James 2:23]

L-32 And I believe in speaking in tongues and all these other things are all right, but just that in itself won't work, and you know it won't work. So it doesn't do it. I've seen witches speak in tongues, seen wizards speak in tongues and dance in the spirit. See? Sure. Lay a pencil down and it write in unknown tongues and somebody interpret it (See? That's right.) and tell the truth. That's right. Wrote just exactly what had happens, and it was just exactly that way. See them throw dust on their head, and cut themselves with knives, and cover it all over with the blood of a wildebeest or something and--and sure (See?), and call on the devil. Uh-huh, see? So you see, that don't... Speaking in tongues doesn't do it. "Though I speak with tongue of men and angels and have not charity, it profit me nothing." See? Though I could do it. See? So those things doesn't mean that you have the Holy Spirit. But when He, the Person, the--the immortal Spirit of Christ becomes your personal Saviour, and changes you, and throws your views right straight into Calvary, to this Word, something's happened. Yes, sir. Something has happened. No one will have to tell you about it; you'll know it when it happens. [I Corinthians 13:1-2]

L-33 And the new wine, when it brings revelation, then it's--it's revealed, and that's the way it was at Pentecost. They knowed that--that there was supposed to be a Spirit poured out upon them, and they waited till this happened. And when the vindication of the revelation took place, then stimulation was on them. They sure did. They steamed up too. They... Right out into the streets, where they was afraid and had the doors shut, and they were out in the street. Where they'd been afraid of a group of people, a-preaching the Gospel to them. That's right. See? Something had happened, because the true Word of promise was vindicated. Now, let's stop here...?...

L-34 If that brought such positive to them men that they--they nearly every one of them sealed their testimony with their blood... No matter what come along, as long as they lived they never got over it. It stayed there, because it was the true Word of promise vindicated. The revelation become a-vindicated, and they died sealing their testimony with their own blood. Now, look at the promise of the last days. And here we see it vindicated right before us, the--the present coming of the Holy Spirit and the works that He was supposed to do, and we find it right among us. See? Oh, we should... Oh, my. Now, how can we hear? Something takes place; I tell you, friend. When the real, true, sincere, predestinated believer, when that Light strikes upon that seed, something burst forth to a new Life.

L-35 That little woman at the well, when those scholared priests had said, "Well, that's the devil. He's a fortuneteller. He's--he is telling those people their fortune, and he's--he's a devil." But when that little woman with that predestinated 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min seed... Now, you think that's not right, but Jesus said, "No man can come except My Father draws him, and all the Father has given Me will come." And he--and the antichrist in the last days is going to be able... That antichrist spirit that we're studying in denominationalism, and proven that denominationalism is antichrist... [John 6:37]

L-36 Now, be honest. Any man could walk away from here like that, he--he... There's something wrong if he still believes that the denominational system isn't antichrist. Why, it's absolutely proved from history, from everything there is, plumb through God's Bible and everything else, it's antichrist, and Rome is the head of it. And the daughter churches follow right along, and both of them are cast into hell. That is right. So we see this thing, antichrist, the spirit of it. And the day that we're living in, and, why, it should bring joy unspeakable and full of glory. That little old woman, as soon as that struck her, my, the seed burst forth...

L-37 Now, remember the Bible says that in the last day that this antichrist would deceive the whole world. There'd only be a small number whose names were put on the Lamb's Book of Life before the foundation of the world. And when that true vindication of the revealed Truth of God's Word strikes that heart, he will strike the water, and out yonder with the Holy Ghost, just as hard as he can, and you can't stop him from doing it, because the new Life worked forth. [Revelation 17:8]

L-38 I was talking to a person not long ago. He was trying to discuss with me and saying, "Aren't you ashamed to say that God created the heavens and earth in three days--or in six days?" I said, "That's what the Bible said." Said, "Well, we've got evidence and can prove that the world is millions of years old." I said, "That didn't have anything to do with it. In Genesis 1:1, it said, 'In the beginning God created heavens and earth' period. See? That's all. Now, the world without form and void." And I said, "I believe every seed was laying right there from some other civilization or something, and as soon as the water lifted off and the light struck it, up come the trees and everything." The same thing with the human being; it's a type. When all the--the--the mist is moved away, and the revealed Truth to that real seed laying there still germitized, and the Light of the Gospel can strike it by true a-vindication of the Word, it'll live; it's got Life in it...?... Outside of that it can't live. It hasn't got no Life in it. [Genesis 1:1]

L-39 Them names were put on the Lamb's Book of Life before the foundation of the world, will come forth just as certain as anything. That's why Jesus sets right there and waits with His mediatorial work until that last seed. He will know exactly when to strikes. As Dr. Lee Vayle... (I guess he's still in the meeting somewhere; I haven't seen him for days. I don't believe I've seen him... He is here.). Well, the other day he sent me this about what Irenaeus said. I picked Irenaeus by a long ways to be the angel of the age. That he was--that he said, "When that last member of the Body has come in in this last age, should be--the thing would be revealed at that time"; and here it is, just exactly right. See? We're in the day.

L-40 All right, then Pentecostal had beyond joy. They was really stimulated; I think, it does anyone. Let's just take just a moment; let's think about David. He's--he got all stimulated too. He said, "My cup's running over." I mean, he really had a--a great event in his life. What--what caused him to do that? When he was in the Spirit... (For he was a prophet. We know he was. The Bible said so: prophet, David). Now, for he was a prophet, and he was in the Spirit, and he seen the resurrection. If you'd like to read it, it's in Psalms 16:8-11. He said, "Moreover my flesh was made glad. My... I--I rest in hope, because You'll not leave my soul in hell, neither will You suffer Your holy One to see corruption." I tell you, his cup got to running over, 'cause he seen no matter what it was... Oh, he seen the resurrection and he was really--and his cup run over. [Psalms 23:5], [Psalms 16:9]

L-41 Again David had another cup running over in II Samuel (being that you got your pencils out), II Samuel 6:14. There'd been a dry spell. They'd took the ark. The enemy had come in and got the ark of the Lord, and they took it 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min down and set it up before Dagon, and Dagon fell on his face, and took it to another city and plagues broke out of the... That was the hottest thing they ever had on their hands down there, and they couldn't get rid of it, 'cause it was out of its place. Now, when they put it on the ox cart and started back, and when David saw the ark coming, you know what he did? He--he got so full; his cup got to running over with stimulation. When he seen the Word being revealed back into Israel again, he danced in the Spirit all around and around and around and around and around like that, yeah. His cup got to running over. You see? Why? He saw the Word returning. And I think that would make anybody get a little stimulated when they see after all these years, and then the true Word, by the promise that it would be, being brought forth and vindicated. What a time. What a time.

L-42 Now, let's read. I--I get all talking; I won't get to this, and I'll have you all here till ten-thirty. I let you out early last night, so I ought to keep you a good long time tonight. Yeah. No, I was just teasing. You see, I'm... We just want just as the Lord will lead. Now. And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come... see. [Revelation 6:7]

L-43 Now, when the Lamb had opened the Fourth Seal... Let's stop there now, the Fourth Seal. Now, Who opened it? The Lamb. Was anybody else worthy? No one else could do it. No. The Lamb opened the Fourth Seal, and the--the fourth beast, the living creature like an eagle, said to John, "Come, see what the fourth mystery of the plan of redemption has been hid in this Book," 'cause the Lamb was opening it. In other words, that's what he was saying. There's a fourth mystery here. I've showed you in symbol. Now, John... I don't know whether you understood it or not, but he wrote down what he saw. But it was a mystery, so he wrote what he saw. The Lamb was breaking the Seals, and God still wasn't going to reveal it; it was left for the last days. See? [Revelation 6:7]

L-44 Now, we had symbols, and we've probed at it, and done very good sometimes (See?), but we know it's moved right on. But now, in the last days we can look back and see where it has been, and that is supposed to be done that at the end of the church age just before the rapture. How anyone can get the Church going through the tribulation, I don't know. But... What's it got to go through the tribulation for, when it hasn't got--got--hasn't got a sin? I mean the... I don't mean the church; the church will go through the tribulation. But I'm talking about the Bride. The Bride won't, no, it hasn't got a sin against it at all. It's done been bleached out, and there's not even a--a--there's not even smell of it; there's nothing left. They're perfect before God. So what's any tribulation to purify them, but the others do. The church does go through the tribulation, but not the Bride. Now, now, we're just taking it in all kinds of symbols now like the--the church, Noah, the carried over type, went on out into sin. See? Now, they did go over, but Enoch went first. That was the type of the saints that would go in the--in--before the tribulation period.

L-45 Now, we find out this Lamb opened the Seal. Now, the first beast we find... If you notice, the first beast we find was a... The first beast was a lion, the living creature (found that in the book of the--of the church ages); and then the second beast, I believe, was the--the face of an ox or a calf; and the third beast was the face of a man; but the fourth beast was a face of an eagle. Now, that's exactly the way we've got them rotating just exactly like that, and that's exactly the way they're even placed in the Book here.

L-46 And then as a great teacher at one time in Florida teaching, saying that--that the whole--that the Book of Acts was just merely a--a scaffold work for the--for the church... The church was found in the four Gospels. And we find vice versa from that, that it's the four Gospels that guards the Book of Acts. It's from those four Gospels that the Book of Acts is written: the acts of the Holy Spirit in the apostles. And we find over in the Book, that them guards are setting there watching east, north, west, and south. Remember how we drawed it out here, and how beautifully, perfectly everything hit just to its spot?

L-47 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min Now, I want you to notice... said, "Come and see." John... Now, I want you to notice again before this... Now, this here is the last of the riders to reveal the working of the antichrist. Tomorrow night strikes the souls under the altar, the next night, the judgments. The next night, the going away of the--of the end of the age--end of time of all things (See?), when she's taken up. Therefore, right in that Seventh Seal there pours out vials, and everything else are poured out. What they are, I don't know. [Revelation 6:7]

L-48 Notice. But now, on this here, we find that this fellow here is an eagle, this man that, or this living creature that's poured forth here now. Or in other words, there's four different ages of it. There was an age of the lion. And we find out that this being the fourth age... And he said, "Come and see the fourth mystery of the Book of Redemption that's been hidden in this Book. Come, see." And John went to see, and he saw a pale horse and again the same rider upon this pale horse. Now, he has a name called death. [Revelation 6:7]

L-49 Now, notice, none of the other rider... None of the other horses or no time that this rider ever rode, they didn't have--that man had no name, but now he is called death. It's not mentioned. See? He's revealed now what he is--is death. Well, how we could linger on that for a sermon and make it real plain. But anything that's anti, that's against the real, has to be death because there's only two subjects: that's life and death. And that proves that the Holy Spirit's revelation of this in this day is exactly the Truth. The anti, he's death, because the Word (as we'll see later here) is Life. See? And this man is called death.

L-50 Now, it was not mentioned of the other times of this rider. But since... Now, it is mentioned that he's called death. But the--under the revelation of the Lion... Now, watch. I--I want to read this close so I'd be sure. (Wrote down the place, stand here...) Under... Not under the revelation of the lion age or--or the first age, the early age, this wasn't revealed. The next age was the age of the ox, which is the dark age, the middle age. It wasn't revealed as what it was. Nor the man-like beast of wisdom, representing the reformers, Luther and Wesley and so forth, it wasn't revealed. But in the eagle age, the last age, the prophetic age where there is to rise prophetic utterance (See?), to whom the secrets always comes...

L-51 Now, there's where we get... We're going to linger on that a little while tonight so that you'll thoroughly understand. Now, in most times you realize these... I'm just not speaking to this group here. These tapes go everywhere. See? And I must make it clear, 'cause somebody just get one tape, and then if you don't get the rest of them, they're all hung up. See? God has promised this (See?) for this day, for the last ending up of all these different things that's gone on and being mixed up. We are... We've had Elijah's garments; we've had Elijah's robes; oh, there's been people that... John Alexander Dowie is buried up there wrapped in a--a robe; he said he was Elijah. And we've had all kinds of things like that. What is it anyhow? It's only to take away a Truth that is going to be presented. See, see?

L-52 They had false christs before Jesus' time. See? They always do that. It's Satan running out a counterfeit to upset the minds and the faith of the people before the thing actually happens. That's all. Didn't Gamaliel say the same thing to the Jews that day? Said, "Wasn't there a man raised up and professed to be this, and he took four hundred out in the wilderness, they perished," and so forth. Said... "Every branch that My heavenly Father hasn't planted," Jesus said, "will be rooted up." Gamaliel said, "Let them alone. If they--if it be not of God, won't it come to naught? But if it be of God, you'd be found fighting against God." The man used wisdom. He was a teacher. [Acts 5:36, 38], [Matthew 5:13]

L-53 Now, notice. Now, to wind up all these mysteries, God has promised that there would be a genuine Elijah rise, some man anointed with that Spirit, and it would reveal. He promised it in Malachi 4. And I got some notes and letters that says that isn't so, but I'd like to talk to that person. See? Why, you can't deny it. Any real good theologian knows that to be the Truth, that they're looking for it. But it just be the same way like it come 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min by John, the forerunner of the first time of Christ. Why, they didn't recognize him, because there's such great things prophesied of him. Why, he was to make all the high places come low, all the low places go high, all the rough places go smooth; and, oh, he, well, oh, the prophets... Isaiah, seven hundred and twelve years before his birth, and Malachi, four hundred years before he come on the scene, all those prophesied of him. And they was expecting some corridor of heaven to be let down and this prophet walk right out with his staff in his hand from God.

L-54 And what happened? A man that couldn't even show a fellowship card, he couldn't show a credential, stayed out in the wilderness, not even a common school education. We're told by historians that he left to the wilderness when he was nine years old, after the death of his father and mother, and was raised out... His job was too important to mess with some seminary. He had--he had to announce the Messiah. God couldn't use a man all stuffed full of theology. He can't do it, because he will always drift right back; that's his line of learning. He drifts back to that. So he goes to see something; he tries to drift back to what the teachers have said. Be better if he'd kept away from them things and just believe God. And we find that they missed him. Even the apostles standing there missed him. Why, they said, "Why'd the Scripture say (the scribes) said that Elias..." He said, "Well, he's already come, and you didn't know him." But that's where I pattern the resurrection and--or the rapture. It'll go and they'll... I know that sounds strange, but maybe you'll know a little more after tonight, if the Lord willing, just how it's going to be. See? It'll be so secret nobody will know about it, hardly. The world will just think--just go right on like it always did. See? That's the way He always does it. [Mark 9:11-13]

L-55 Do you know, I doubt whether one--one... I'd say one-ninetieth percent of the people on the earth ever knowed Jesus Christ was here when He was here. You know when Elijah prophesied, I doubt whether there was hardly anybody knowed that he was... They knowed there was a crank up there, some old fanatic, but they hated him. Sure. He's a--was what they call a oddball. And I think any borned again Christian is kind of an oddball to--to the world, because you've been changed. You're from another world. Your spirit's from across the chasm, and this thing here is such a messed up thing. You're--you're not different, there's something wrong. You're still too earthbound. You ought to be heavenly minded. Heaven lives by the Word.

L-56 Now, we notice that this--this great thing taken place. And now, we believe that there is to be a coming of the true spirit of Elijah. It's predicted it would be. See? And we must remember it'll be here in its own season and time. We may be laying a foundation for it now. And it won't be no organization. I--I disagree with a good friend of mine on that. He says it'll be a group of people. I want you to show me that by Scripture. God, the unchangeable God, never does change His plan. If He does, then He isn't God (That's right.), because he's a mortal, and he knows just like I do, and he makes mistakes. God has never changed His plan since the very time in the garden of Eden. He made a plan for redemption; that was the blood.

L-57 And we've tried education; we've tried dictatorship; we've tried psychology; we've tried denominationalism; we've tried everything to push everybody together, or love everybody together, and everything else. There's no other place of fellowship but under the Blood yet, the only ground that God meets man. God always deals with one individual. Two men's got two ideas. There never was two major prophets on the earth prophesying the same time. Look back and see if there was. No, sir. Too much scrupled up. He's got to get one man completely surrendered and use that person. He searches for that person, but there will be one sometime, somebody who will listen to Him word by word.

L-58 I don't care what anybody else says, they'll never move from it. That's right. They'll wait on, THUS SAITH THE LORD, and then--they won't move until then. He will be properly a-vindicated. You'll... Now, the outside world will hate it, but the elected seed, the predestinated seed, like there was in the days of Jesus, when that Light flashes, that 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min seed will come to Life like that. They'll know it. It'll understand it. You won't have to say a word about it. She said, "Sir, I perceive that You're a prophet. I know when Messiah comes, He's supposed to..." He said, "I'm He." Boy, that's--that's enough. She didn't have to tarry all night and tarry the next night; she had it right then. She was on her road. She was telling them about it. [John 4:19, 25-26]

L-59 Now, remember, now in the first age was a lion age. That was the Lion of the tribe of Juda, Christ. His own influence of life, taken that age. That's the first beast, which means power that answered by human voice. The next age was the ox age or the dark horse rider's age. See? Now, the reason this first age was a white age, was that... As--as I've always heard people say that that first rider, white, was the power of the church went forth to conquer, and we find out he was given a crown, that that was it. It was the church. It was the church, but where did he go to? Went to Rome, is where he did and got--received his crown. Now, the second age was a--was a red horse rider which was a dark age. And now, now, the--the next age was the--the man of the--of age which was the black horse rider, and he was the age of the reformers (See?), went to the--the voice who spoke. Now, the black horse rider, that was the antichrist; but the one that was speaking in that age was represented as man. And that's the wisdom, smart, shrewd. See? And they didn't get it, See? They didn't call... They didn't name him. See? They just said it went forth.

L-60 But now when it comes forth, the eagle age; that's the one that God always likens His prophets to eagles. He calls Himself an eagle. The eagle goes so high there ain't nothing else can touch him. Not only is he up there, but he's built for that position. When he gets up there, he see where he's at. Some people get up there and can't see where they're at, so don't do no good to get up there. But if you... But you let a crow try to fly with an eagle, or a hawk, either one; he'd disintegrate. He's got to be pressurized for where he goes.

L-61 That's the trouble today; some of us don't get pressurized. We explode too quick (You see?), when we're jumping; but we got to be pressurized. When you get up there, and have the keen sight of the eagle to see what's coming and know what to do. Now, the eagle age revealed it. Now, we find out that eagle age was promised in Revelations 10:7 and in--and in Malachi 1:4 that would be in the last days (See? That's right.), that it would be here. All right.

L-62 Notice. Now, this fellow, we find out that he's riding on a pale horse. Pale... Oh, my. After... Notice, after sixty-eight million Protestants, as we took from--from Smucker's "Glorious Reform" of the--of the martyrology of Rome, last night... We find that up to the fifteen hundred mark (I believe it was, or eighteen, I don't remember exactly now) but there was sixty-eight million put to death to protest the first Roman church, Rome. No wonder he could impersonate himself in the personified name of--and called death. He sure was. Now. God only knows how many he caused to spiritually die by his anti-Bible Word teaching. This is the one he put sixty-eight million to the sword and killed, and probably literally billions died spiritually on his false teaching. No wonder he could take the name of death.

L-63 See the rider? The first place, as an antichrist he was death to begin with, but he's innocent then. Then he received a crown, a triple one, and when he did, then he united... Satan united his church and state, because he was over both of them then. Antichrist was Satan in the form of a man. And then also Saint Matthew, I believe it is, the 4th chapter, tells us that--that Satan took Jesus, our Lord, up and showed Him the kingdoms of the world, all of them, in a moment of time, and the glory of them, offered them to Him, and he said that they--they were his. So, you see then, if he can unite his state and his church together, then the red horse rider could ride sure enough. See? Truly.

L-64 Now, then we find out his mystery here in his church and state. The fourth stage of his ministry, he's called the beast. First he's called the antichrist (See?), then he's called false prophet, and he's called the beast. Now, we find him 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min here being called as the beast. Now, I want you to notice that's after the fourth horse, and in this fourth horse, if you'll notice, all... The first one was white, and then the next one was red, and the next one was black, and the fourth one... All of these other three was represented in it, because pale is red and--and white and so mixed together. See? He... It's--it's all mixed in this one horse. See? And there he become four, or actually the three in one, and it was all mixed up in that one thing.

L-65 Now, I want you to notice the four of them. Notice the off-mark of four of the spiritual mathematics. God is threes. This is four. He's in four here. First, antichrist, white; second, false prophet, red; third, vicar of heavens and earth and--and purgatory, black; fourth, the beast, pale horse, Satan being kicked out of heaven. You want to read that? Revelations 12:13, Satan being kicked out of heaven... Then in Revelations 13:1-8, he is incarnate in the person of the beast. He's first the antichrist, just--just a teaching called Nicolaitia; then he becomes from that to a false prophet. If he's an antichrist, antichrist is against. Anything that's against God's Word is against God, because the Word is God. "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was made flesh, Christ, and dwelt among us." And now, he is against the Word, so he'd be antichrist; but a spirit cannot be crowned. That's the reason he didn't receive a crown, just a bow with no arrows. [Revelation 12:13], [Revelation 13:1-8], [John 1:1, 14]

L-66 And then when he come to crowning time, then he become the false prophet of his antichrist teaching. Get it? Then he gets a sword, because he unites his powers together; then he don't have to ask nobody. He's governor of state; he's governor of heaven: receives a triple crown, makes himself an idea called purgatory, where if--if some of them died back there, and they got some money they want to pay them out, he can pray them out of it, 'cause he's got the power to do so. He's a vicar. Certainly he is. He takes the place of God on earth. If that ain't as plain as anything... We find it, pull it on down through the Bible and count his numeral numbers and everything else. Here he is; play him up back here in number four, not number three, number four. See?

L-67 Now, let's turn, Revelations 12. Let's just read this just a little bit 'cause we--we'll have time to do it. And let's read Revelations the--the 12th chapter and the 13th verse. And the same hour there was a great earthquake... (No, I got the--I got the wrong place, the 13th) And when the dragon saw that he was cast out into the earth, he persecuted the woman which brought forth the man child. [Revelation 12:13]

L-68 Now, you see, he was cast out of the earth and becomes incarnate. As the antichrist spirit become incarnate into a man, that man changes from one thing to another, from an antichrist spirit to a false prophet, and then the beast comes into him. Just exactly like the church grows. His church went from--from antichrist to false prophet, and in the great age to come the beast that is to rise up, so the church comes the same way, through justification, sanctification, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost as Christ being in the people, just exactly. And he's got the antitype of it over there, the (See?), the type of it, rather. There he is just exactly. That's him: kicked out of heaven.

L-69 Now, we find out in Revelation 13:1-8... And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up... (Now, here's twelve, where he was kicked out. Now, watch.)... saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his head the name of blasphemy. And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet... (Oh, if we just had time now, we'd take the rest of the night right on them symbols there and show, bring it right straight to him again. Any... Most all of you know that from other lessons.)... were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth... the mouth of a lion: and the dragon give him his power,... seat, and... authority. (Ha. Incarnate Satan. See?) I saw one of his heads as it... wounded to death;... [Revelation 13:1-2] 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min

L-70 And on down, it goes if you want to... When you get the chance to read on down. No, let's--let's read just a little bit. And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast. You just watch. Don't you never watch Communism. It's nothing but a tool playing in the hands of God to help you someday to get... revenge the blood, as we'll get tomorrow night. See? And they worshipped the dragon... (Who was the dragon? Satan. That right? The red dragon... All right.)... which gave power unto the beast:... (Where he get his power. See?)... and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? who's able to make war with him? And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things of blasphemy; and power was given to him to continue forty and two months. And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God,... (There you are. See? Oh, on a...)... to blaspheme his name,... (give him a title)... his tabernacle... (which is the Holy Spirit's dwelling place, to make it a place in Rome, a Vatican city; you can just go on down)... and them that dwell in heaven. (blasphemed them by saying they were intercessors) [Revelation 13:3-6]

L-71 And it was given unto him to make war with the saints... (And he did.)... and to overcome them:... (He did: burned them to the stake, fed them to the lions, and killed them any way he could.)... and power was given him over all kindreds,... tongues, and nations. It never did become that way in Rome until pagan Rome was converted into papal Rome and the Catholic power spread the world; made the universal Catholic church. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names were not written in the book... ("Touch not My oil and wine." See?)... And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names were not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world. If any man has an ear, let him hear. He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and... faith of the saints. [Revelation 13:7-10]

L-72 Now, we had him coming last night with his great sword to kill. We find out that he gets killed with the Sword too, the sword of the Word. God's Word, sharp, two-edged sword slays him, puts him right down. Wait till them seven thunders utter their voices to that group who really can take the Word of God and hand it there. It'll slice and cut. And they can close the heavens; they can shut this or do that, whatever they want to. Glory. He will be slayed by the Word that proceeds from His mouth; it's sharper than a two-edged sword. They could call for a hundred billion tons of flies if they wanted to. Amen. Whatever they say's going to happen, because it's the Word of God coming from the mouth of God. Amen. God always... It's His Word, but He always uses man to work it. God could call for them flies down in Egypt, but He said, "Moses, that's your job. I'll just tell you what to do, and you go do it." He fully done that. See? He--He could've chosen the sun to call them; He could have caused the moon to call it or the wind to call it, but He--He said, "Moses..." That--that... He chooses men. All right. [Hebrews 4:12]

L-73 Now, we find out here that this Satan, after being kicked out of heaven, incarnates himself in the beast, and now he is a beast. Antichrist, false prophet, and now beast and given the name of death, and hell follows him: fully Satan on his throne... Oh, my. On the earth--he's Satan representative on the earth; that he now is head of the kingdoms of the world, the very same kingdoms that he offered to the Lord Jesus in Matthew 4, Satan now becomes a full king. Now, this happens later on. He's false prophet now. He will become beast after while when he breaks his covenant there with the Jews. You know how we been through... All right.

L-74 Notice now, he will be given a heart of a beast at that time, and Satan will incarnate himself, because when the Church goes up, Satan's cast out. See? It's done then. All of his accusing is done. See? 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min Now, as long... Look, as long as the Intercessor is still on the throne, Satan can stand there and accuse, because he is the attorney of the other side. He's the opponent of Christ. And Christ is... He's standing there... The--the--the opponent is standing there saying, "But wait, Adam fell. Adam done this. I conquered him. I got his wife to believe a lie, and You said she'd be damned by it. I got it." But here's the Mediator standing there (Amen.), the Kinsman Redeemer (Amen.) standing there with the Blood that can take the vilest sinner's heart and change it. A Mediator is on the throne. Yes, sir. Satan said, "But they are guilty." Jesus said, "They're not."

L-75 That Clorox was invented or manufactured to take stain, take the coloring out of ink or any other stain--they got it. It'll break it up till you never will find it again. It goes back to gases and all the way back to cosmic light and it'll past molecules and everything else till it turns back to the original where it come from. It's a creation--it had--a creation had to come from a Creator. But all the chemicals that was manufactured and put together, they're broke up and that's just all there is to it, there's no more of it. Even the very--the very water substance it is, blends with the Clorox which is ashes. Amen. Glory to God, it's all clean. That's what the Blood of Jesus Christ does to the true child of God. When he confesses that sin and stands there justified in His... Mercy, goodness... Even it's so great till God said, "I can't even remember it any more, and he's absolutely My son." "Verily, I say unto you, if you say to this mountain be moved and don't doubt in your heart but believe in what you said, it shall come to pass; you can have that what you have said." You are a redeemed son. Amen. I know that's true. [Matthew 21:21-22], [Mark 11:23]

L-76 I seen squirrels to appear yonder on six different times that I know... and not the one that would be setting here. Just as He can create squirrels the same as He can create flies or frogs or anything else. He's God, the Creator. That's right. And when... no mortal being, but when that sin of that mortal is confessed and dropped into that Clorox of the bleach of Jesus Christ, that bleaches all sin, he's purely unadulterated without sin, without fault. He that's borned of God doth not commit sin, for he cannot sin. The Bleach stands between him and God. How could it ever get there when It breaks it up and sends it right back to the one who perverted it. Amen. Whew, I feel religious. I--I tell you, I'm get stimulations now as this begins to reveal. [I John 3:9]

L-77 Notice, fully Satan on his throne (Yes, sir.) offered it to God, offered it to our Lord. Here he is setting here with this beastly heart in him. Now, here is the person, the beast, the incarnate devil. He makes his appearing here on earth under the false pretense (Oh, my goodness.)--under the false pretense of the true Word, he associates himself with the Word. He did just the same thing that his--his type did, which was Judas, two thousand years ago. What did he do? Judas came in as a believer, being a devil from the beginning. He was born the son of perdition. He pulled nothing over on Jesus, 'cause He knowed him from the very beginning (Amen.) for He was the Word.

L-78 All right. And remember, Judas took the place as treasurer and fell by money. So does the church of this day. The Catholic church (as we noticed last night) charging for novenas, charging them for prayers, and charging them for everything. It's almost same--fell the same thing to the daughters of the Catholic church, which the Protestants... The whole thing's wrapped up in money. There's where Judas fell, and here's where he fell, and there's where the Protestants fall. Watch... Rides a pale horse as he appears on his ride, this last ride. He's on his last now. Now, that is not in our day. That will be on down. It's the Seal foretold. 'Cause, see, the Church has done gone up when this happens.

L-79 When Christ appears here on earth, as--as this fellow appears and becomes completely, completely the devil... From antichrist all the way down to false prophet, then into the beast, the devil himself, and he's riding on a pale horse, colored all up and mixed with all kinds of colors to make him pale and deathly. But when our Lord appears here on earth, He will be riding on a snow white horse, and He will be completely, fully, the Emmanuel, the Word of God incarnate in a man. You can see how much difference there is in them. That's the 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min difference though.

L-80 Notice, the antichrist was on a pale horse, mixed color. A horse is a beast that represents a power. His power is all mixed up. Why? It's politics; it's--it's national powers; it's religious powers; it's demon powers; it's all kinds of powers mixed together, a mixed pale horse was. He's got all kinds of powers. But when Jesus comes, it's on a one solid colored horse--the Word. Amen. This one mixes its colors of red, white, black. Three colors in one--represented in one, and three powers represented in one: a white horse, a black horse, red horse, and three crowns in one. See? Sure.

L-81 I seen the crown myself--stood, oh, that close and looked at it. Wouldn't let me get to it on account of the glass. So there it was, a big lock on it, setting in a case, triple crown; so I know it's the truth. So there he was--triple crown. Vicar of heaven, purgatory, and earth. Three powers united together, see, all mixed up in a color, pale. Death spoke in a whole thing. Political, and--and religious, and--and demon powers mixed together. Politics, he is the king of politics; Satan is. Smart? Whew. Sure, don't try to outwit him; just trust the Lord. As I've all--went through it before, all smart, educations, and things like that come from the wrong side. Just follow it through the Scripture; find out that's right. Follow Cain's children and see what they become. Then follow Seth's children, see what they were.

L-82 Not that I'm supporting ignorance, not at all, no, sir, but you take any persons hardly of the Bible, very seldom... And he... There's one named Paul that was a smart man, and he said that he had to forget everything he knowed in order to know Christ. He said, "I never come to you with enticing words of wisdom of men, but I come to you in the power of the resurrection of Christ." That's right, power of the Holy Ghost... Look at the others. Some of them didn't even know right or left hand, and--and all... Look down through the age of the prophets and where they come from and so forth. See what I mean? See, it's a smart, intellectual, and wisdom; wisdom is exactly the very thing that takes you away from God. [I Corinthians 2:4]

L-83 He had three powers or three--three jurisdictions: the earth, heaven and purgatory. He is himself a trinity. That's what he's made up of, and he rides in a trinity. His power's in a trinity. His crown's in a trinity. His horse is in a trinity. That what he is? A trinity, a power of trinity, a crown of trinity, a horse riding of trinity (That's of offices.) a four again (See?), a four again. All right, three stages of his ministry makes him one person, Satan incarnate, three stages of the mini... Antichrist, false prophet, and beast, them three typing... See, now there's three types, now, that makes him. God--or God makes Himself known too, in water, blood, spirit. Makes a Christian a son of God by the Word of God. See?. And these three powers makes him a devil. See? Oh, this here is water, blood, and spirit which is of God. And that's pol--politics, religion, and demon power mixed together makes him the devil. Christ's first coming, a mortal. He comes three times. Christ is in three. See? Watch how he comes, he's a four.

L-84 Watch Christ. First coming, He come a mortal to bleed and die. Is that right? That's His first coming. The second coming is the rapture. We meet Him in the skies, immortal. His third coming, He's the incarnate God (Amen. Yeah.), God Emmanuel to reign on earth. That's right. Only three... Fourth stage of the rider... Watch. The fourth stage of this rider is called death. Death means eternal separation from God. That's what death means: to be eternal separated from God. Now, if we place this fellow out, class... If we have showed by the Bible who that fellow is... And we even took the hills, the place and everywhere just exactly in detail right on down. And now, he's called by the eagle, death. That's what He calls him.

L-85 Remember, here... See, death is eternal separation. Remember, saints don't die. They sleep, not die. "He that heareth My words and believeth on Him that sent Me has Eternal Life." That's right. "Shall not come into the judgment but's passed from death unto Life. I am the resurrection, and life," said Jesus; "he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die..." 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min Lazarus' dead? "He sleepeth." "Fear not, the girl's not dead, but sleepeth." They laughed Him to scorn. Is that right? Oh, my. See, saints don't die. Separation from God is death, eternal death, and this fellow is called death. So keep away from him. [John 5:24-25], [John 11:26], [John 3:15-16], [John 11:11], [Luke 8:52]

L-86 What is he? An organiz--organizational system, the first, number one church, organized. And when he took the--the understanding of Constantine at the Nicaea Council... We brought them women, last night, and showed how that Eve, the first bride, before her husband ever got to her, she fell by disbelieving God's Word in Eden. The spiritual Bride that was borned on the day of Pentecost of Christ, before He could get to her, what happened? She fell at Rome, What? Forfeited her virtue of the Word for dogma. Amen. Oh, my. I--I feel stimulation coming again on me. To think that, that's... I don't mean to act crazy. I don't mean that, but I just... You don't realize what that does to me. I've been setting in this for four days now, just, it's just... I have to say something kinda get me feeling human again. You know what I mean. All right. Start talking like that and you see visions breaking all over the place. That's right. See, that's the reason I say something to get myself back again, and shake back again. See?

L-87 Did you ever notice when we have a discerning line? I'll say something will make people laugh; then I'll say something make people cry; then I'll say something make them angry. I've got something spotted out; I'll say something to see how it takes. Then I see what kind of a light's over them, what takes place. I know where it's at, now, whether it's calling or not. If it isn't--sets there, a genuine believer, all right. You call them then, say, "You, So-and-so." And when you get down, Spirit begins to anoint, then you begin to see that flashing coming everywhere (See?), like that around, around the room. That's the reason I say something, kind of start back again, start off new again. See? Now, ever since last Sunday I just set right in a room, just praying, that's all, under the anointing; and I--I know this is right. You believe God? I know you do. You just watch at the end of the week. Uh-huh See? See? All right. See?

L-88 Now, death means eternal separation from God. You remember now, saints don't die. Remember, his bride was given a pale horse... I mean, this rider was given a pale horse to--to go forth with, he's given this--this pale horse to go forth with. And he rode this pale horse of death. Now, we know what that was. We know what church that was. And remember... and last night, she was not only a whore, she was a mother of harlots. And we find out that what made her a whore was a woman that's that type of a woman... (I'm just... It's a flat word to say amongst a mixed audience, but the Bible says that. You see?). So then we realize that that's a--that's a woman that lives untrue to her marriage vows. And you see, she's supposed to be, says herself--calls herself the queen of heaven. That would be the bride of God, God is Christ. And we find that she's committing fornication; and she's causing the kings to the earth to commit fornication, and all the rich men, and great men; the whole earth went after her. See? And then we find out that she produced some daughters, and they were harlots.

L-89 What is a harlot but a whore, same thing, a fornicator, fornication, evil, adultery, committing... What'd they do? Organized, got a system, taught the man-made systems, Pentecost and the whole bunch. Now, don't let your--your conscience drop down in your pocket, Pentecost. But let me tell you something. Let's look the thing right in the face. We're too late down the road now to go to pulling punches. Looky here. We are living in the Laodicean Church Age, and that was the most ridiculous church age of all the rest of them, a lukewarm and the only one that Christ was on the outside trying to get back in; and that's the Pentecostal message...?... Said, "I'm rich." Boy, you was poor first. Now, you be--really got rich (See?), have need of nothing, and--and all what you was. And He said, "You're naked, miserable, blind, poor, wretched, and don't even know it." Now, if a man was naked out there on the street and knowed it, why, he'd try to help himself; but when he--when he don't know it, and you can't tell him no different, then he's in a bad shape. God have mercy upon him. That's right. [Revelation 3:17]

L-90 Notice. Oh, my. Now, remember, this antichrist himself, being the man, his bride, which is his church, was given a 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min space to repent; and she did not do it in that church age, Thyatira. You remember it? See? Well, let's go back just a minute. It won't hurt us to go back just a minute. Let's go back, 1st--2nd chapter just a minute. We'll just read it--the second chapter of... Now, Thyatira. Now, watch this just right quick now. My, we're just about closing time, and haven't got started. But...

L-91 Notice, Thyatira. Now, it begins with the 18th verse of the--of the 2nd chapter. ... unto the angel... (That's the messenger.)... of the church of Thyatira write; These things saith the Son of God, who has his eyes like unto a flames..., and his feet are like onto fine brass; I know thy works, and thy charity, and thy service, and thy faith,... thy patience, and the works; and thou has to be more than the--then the last to be more than... first. Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou suffers that woman Jezebel... [Revelation 2:18-20]

L-92 There you are. You know her in the Bible. She was the wife of Ahab. And here is the woman, church, Jezebel, the wife of the false prophet which is supposed to be the genuine prophet of God: the pope (Right.), the genuine prophet and his wife Jezebel. Now, Ahab was supposed to be a genuine Jew, but he was a rascal; you know that. Because his wife just led him anyway he wanted to. We find out Jezebel takes her money and leads these the way they want to too. ... which calleth herself a prophetess... (Get it?)... to teach and... seduce my servants... (See, that Jezebel teaching just swept the country.)... to commit fornications,... to eat things sacrificed to idols. ... I gave her space to repent... (See?)... of her fornication; and she repented not. (Watch this next verse.) ... I will cast her into a bed... (That's hell.)... and them that commit adultery with her, unto great tribulation... (That's going into great tribulation, not the Church now.)... except they repent of their deeds. (Now, watch out here.) ... I will kill her children... (her harlots)... with death;... (Spiritual death... You believe it? That's the Word. "I will kill them with death." And if they're killed, they're eternal separated.) [Revelation 2:20-23]

L-93 All right, remember, He gave her a space to repent. Thyatira Age was the dark age. The dark horse rider rode in that time, when all the masses and everything had to be paid for and the prayers and--and the novenas and so forth. Now. See his black horse then? After he refused to repent in Thyatira (Watch.) changes his riding from a black horse to a pale one, death, for his last ministry.

L-94 Now, I might just give the individual a little shake here. To refuse God, to refuse God's call, you'll do it the last time sometime. And just like that church did, it's over. God's patience will not always strive with man. See? And when she refused it, and refused to accept it, then she changed, and went; now she's got a name called death, separation. God said, "I'll even take her children, the Protestants, and every one of them I'll kill with eternal separation." There you are, Thyatira Age, the dark age. His black horse now turns to death for his last ministry. See how the church ages blend in with the Seals just perfect, then we know it's right. The Holy Spirit makes no mistake. He gave us a great a-vindication the last time when we got the church ages done back there, you know. See the loving, long-suffering of God. Before He passed judgment upon her, He gave her a place to repent. And it's in the Name of the Lord I say this: He's give the Protestant church the same thing, and she won't do it. These messages shook everywhere, and she won't do it. She's going to have her own dogmas and creeds; I don't care how much you explain it.

L-95 As I said there in Chicago, the other day 'fore more ministers than there are people setting here... And there they had me penned off about the doctrine of serpent seed, and all this other thing. I said, "Somebody get your Bible and come here and stand by me then." Nobody said nothing. Tommy Hicks said, "I--I never heard that like that before, Brother Branham. I want three hundred of those tapes. I want to send them to all my ministers." There was about fifty or seventy-five said, "I'm coming down there to be rebaptized." Did they come? Not a one of them. Why? He give them space to repent. He will cast their children to death, spiritual death. (We'll pick that up tomorrow night, the Lord willing, or in Saturday night on those plagues that passes over. You watch what takes place there.) 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min

L-96 Like He give Egypt, He give Egypt place to repent. What was that last plague? Was death. That's the last plague that's hit the Pentecostal church. It's spiritual death; she's dead. That's in the Name of the Lord. She's spiritually dead. He gave her place to repent, and she rejected it; now she's dead. She'll never rise again. And them people out there trying to bring in Episcopalians and priests and so forth, and calling them "Holy Father So-and-so." to... Why, they ought to be ashamed of themself. How blind can men get? Don't Jesus say when that sleeping virgin come to buy oil, she did not get it?

L-97 Everybody... You hear people say, "I got the Holy Ghost; I spoke in tongues." But they don't want to come around a church like this. "Oh, you know, I don't believe I want to go around a place like that." And then say you got the Holy Ghost? But you want your dignified way. You want to stay in Babylon and still enjoy the blessings of heaven. You have to make your choice. You can't stay out there in the world and serve God at the same time. Jesus said you couldn't serve God and mammon. So if you won't expect... If you really get saved, you'll enjoy meetings where the Holy Spirit is vindicating Itself and showing that the Word of God is so.

L-98 Someone said, "There's people make too much noise. It makes me nervous." You'll be nervous if you'd get to heaven. And you just think when all of them are there; then what about it? Oh, my, how the Lord wants to get... He--He's long-suffering like He was in the days of Noah. He tried hard. He suffered long for a hundred and twenty years to get them to repent; they wouldn't do it. In the days of Egypt, He sent plagues and everything else; they wouldn't do it. He sent John; they wouldn't return. He sent Jesus to die to save the whole group that would hear the Word.

L-99 And now in the last days, He promised again that He would send a message to call it out and restore the original faith back to it--back to the Word, and they won't receive it. They're so dogmatic in their dogmas and creeds till they got a... Oh, they think if they had a... If an Angel walked down... But God don't do that. He takes something ignorant and stupid, something that don't know hardly your abc's or anything, and then He takes that type of a person; 'cause He could take something that's nothing and then work through it. As long as something thinks they're something, then they can do nothing with it. He's always did that. You have to become nothing to become somebody with God.

L-100 Oh, my. And notice. Yet, He gave her a space to repent, but she didn't do it. He's done it again; she won't do it. Her rejection away, makes her... or... Her rejection makes a perfect way for Satan to come into her and be incarnate (That's right.), incarnate himself right in her because she rejected the Word, and that's exactly the same thing that the Protestant church becomes a harlot is because she rejects the vindicated Truth of the Word of God, and that gives the devil a place to come right in and incarnate himself, and he will make an image unto the beast when they can consolidate together, right yonder now, and go on and do just exactly what he said. That's right. Amen. If I had an education, I could bring it out. I haven't got no education. I'm just expecting the Holy Spirit to reveal it to you. He will to those who... That's right. He will do it.

L-101 Notice. Look how--what she did here. She rejected God's message for her to repent. She started off an antichrist, and that's what she was. She become a false prophet, an incarnate devil, and when she did with her false teaching... Then in all of that, God give her space to repent, tried to get her. See how long-suffering, what a wonderful love? There's no love like that. Look at those even that spit in His face and things, He forgave them. That's God. See? Don't reject God's message. Look, she was asked to repent, go back to where she fell from. And where did she fall from? The Word. Yeah. Where did Eve fall from? [Congregation answers, "The Word."--Ed.] Where did the denomination fall from? [Congregation answers, "The Word."-- Ed.] There you are. See? No other way, just every time it's comes right back to the Word, right back to the Word (See?), and they get into a system that runs them back away from the Word, runs them from the Word instead of to the Word. Notice. Look, she was given a space to repent, go back. Repent means to go back, turn back, about face, repent, go back. And she was given a space to go back to where that...

L-102 Now, remember, she was the original Pentecostal church that the Holy Ghost was poured upon on the day of Pentecost. How many Bible students knows that? Sure, she was. See where she went from. She fell from the Word and 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min accepted dogmas. She expect... Instead of the Holy Ghost she wanted a holy man: Doctor, LL., Ph., Q. U., and then made him a pope. See? Sure, but she--that's what she wanted, somebody to do her praying, somebody she could just pay her money out, and that's all she had to do. See? Now, it's the same thing today. As long as they got a pew to set in, pay heavy on the collection plate, that's good enough. They're a member of that church. Don't tell them nothing else about it. They don't want to know. That's her daughters. Now, where did she fall from? From the original Word of the apostolic apostles and prophets. That's where she fell from. That's where the Protestants fell from. Repent. Go back. Turn back 'fore it's too late, if it ain't already too late. One of these days that Lamb will leave His place, and then it's all over. So is her daughters been asked now, before being judged with her, to return back.

L-103 Now, the last message they get is when this prophet that I've been speaking of, which I've been reading many books about it... And I know that real good sensible, spiritual thinking men know that that's coming. See, they know it's coming. See, they... But the trouble of it is, they keep saying, "We need it. It's going to be." And when it comes, then they'll be so humble they'll probably miss it just like they did the other time. That's right. People will write about it and everything, say, "Oh, yes. It needs to be," and then let it be showed right before them, and they just go right on. See? They've always done that.

L-104 Watch now. The original Word, they--she has to repent to go back at. So her daughters has been asked to be forced, they will be judged and throwed into the same bed and killed with her. They've been asked to turn back to the original Word, go back to the apostolic doctrine; but they're so tied down with their creeds and things, they won't do it. They only make fun of it. Then what do they do? They finally form up in the image unto the beast, another power, notice, and act to the Lamb's Bride like she did in Revelation 13:14. That's what they do, just persecute, just the same thing. The churches makes just as fun of the true Bride of Christ as Rome ever did (Just exactly. Yes, sir.), acts to the real Lamb's Bride just exactly like she did in Revelations 13:14. Now, notice, we see by God's Word of promise, He will--He will kill her children, the denominations, her daughters, with spiritual death. (Now, that's Revelations 2:22. Don't forget it.) To kill is to put to death, and death is eternal separation from the Presence of God. Think of that, friends. Think of that. Don't you trust in any man-made creed. Anything that's contrary to the Word, you keep away from it. [Revelation 2:23]

L-105 Now, watch. Watch in the Bible here. It said his name was hell, and... I mean his name was death, and hell followed after him. Now, hell always follows death in the natural. When the natural man dies, hell follows him; that's the grave, hades (See?); that's in the natural. But in the spiritual it's a lake of fire. See? All right. See, it's eternal separation where they're burned up and just... And Malachi 4 said, "It don't even leave him stubble or branch or nothing else." It's the way the world has of purifying itself again for the millennium. See? [Malachi 4:1]

L-106 Have you noticed, the rider is a he, and "he had in his hand..." Man, false prophet, but his bride is called the church, she, Jezebel: Ahab, Jezebel. Why, it's just as perfect as anything, ain't it. See? Daughters is she also, but never received one man headship. Protestants do that. But still harlot in principle of their doctrine, denomination, systems... That's just--that's what it says.

L-107 Notice. What is this all coming to? (Now, we've just got about twelve, fourteen minutes here, I guess.) Look what this is all coming to. What is it? It's going right back the way it did. It started in heaven; it's coming to the end time battle. The first thing in heaven was a battle. Lucifer was kicked out and come to the earth; then he polluted Eden. Then he's been polluting ever since. And now, from the battle in heaven, it's coming to the battle on earth, and it is to be finished at--on earth at the end time in a battle called Armageddon. Now, anyone knows that. The battle started in heaven. Holy... And so, they kicked them out. Michael and His angels overthrowed them--just run out. And when they did, dropped right down in Eden, 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min and here started the battle down here.

L-108 May... God had His children all fortified up by His Word; and Eve stuck her neck out, said, "I believe you're right, maybe..." And there it went, and it's been ever since. Then God come down, and now He's got to... He come down to redeem those that would come down... As I said, "God's like a big contractor. He lays out all His material on the earth, and then He builds His building." Now, remember, before there was a grain of--of seed on the earth, before there was a sun that ever struck the earth, your body was laying on the earth, 'cause you are the dust of the earth. See? You are. God's the Contractor.

L-109 Now, the way He was going to do it was reach down and get like He did Adam, a little bunch of calcium, potash and cosmic light, and, "whew." [Brother Branham makes blowing sound--Ed.] Say, "There's My other son." See? Then He'd bring up some more and, "whew" [blowing sound--Ed.], "There's another one." But what did Eve do? She corrupted that way, and she brought it through a sexual act; then death struck it. Now, what's God doing? He's got so many of those seeds down through there that's predestinated, so much of the predestinated, and then at the end time, He won't say, "Eve, come bear another child." He will, "whew" [blowing sound--Ed.] call and I'll answer. Right. That's the idea. When that last one's brought in, that settles it.

L-110 Now, the battle started in heaven. It'll be finished on earth in the form of Armageddon. Now, let's watch and see it unfold. And maybe we can unfold it if the Lord help us right now to do this now. Watch it unfold. The mysterious rider (Watch what he does now.) opposed, refused to repent and to go back to the original blood Word. The Word became blood and flesh (See?); he refused to go back to It. Is antichrist... The true Word Bride is the... He's opposed to the true Word Bride. Takes his own bride (He opposes this true Bride too.), and he takes his own bride and brings her to him in a form of religion called creeds and dogmas. See? And now, seeing the holy Bride, he is against her, but he forms his own bride called antichrist by antichrist teaching, which is contrary to Christ. See how shrewd he is? And now, instead of having a unity of love controlling worship under Blood, he's got a denomination. Instead of having the Word, he took creeds, dogmas, and so forth.

L-111 Like in the Protestants says the Apostles' Creed. I want you to find a word of it in the Bible. Why, there's no Apostles' Creed in the Bible. As I said here not so long ago somewhere, "If the apostles had a creed, it's Acts 2:38." That's exactly all I know they ever had. That's what they called everybody to do. When he found one of them that looked like they were Christians, he said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" They said, "We know not whether there be..." He said, "Then how was you baptized?" Now, being baptized into Jesus' Name or in the Name of our Lord Jesus Christ, rather, that--that's all right, but that's not all of it yet. No, sir. You could be baptized fifty times like that, and don't do a bit of good until the heart's changed by the Holy Spirit. It all has to go together. [Acts 19:2-3]

L-112 Notice, it's--it's Christ... The antichrist refuses the true Bride doctrine, and therefore he takes his own bride now and builds her up under a creed of his own, takes his own bride and makes her a denomination. She gives birth to other denominations, as quoted in this holy Scripture: gives birth to daughters. And she don't--she becomes just like her mother: natural, worldly, denominational, opposing the spiritual Bride, the Word. They don't say they don't belong to church. You talk to a denominational person, "Sure, I belong to church." "Are you a Christian?" "I belong to church."

L-113 That don't have one thing to do with it. See, I said... You don't belong to... You--you might belong to what is called a church (See?), belong to a church. That's not a church. Them's not churches; them's lodges where people get together and... feed like, "birds of a feather..." but you're only one Church; and that's the mystical body of Christ. And you don't join that; you're born in it. As I've always said, "I've been with the Branham family fifty-three years and never did join it. I was borned in it." See?

L-114 Now, notice, it's just typed beautifully (I--I got a Scripture wrote down here, but I... We ain't got time to get to it.) 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min as Esau and Jacob. Now, Esau was a religious man; he didn't claim to be an unbeliever. He believed in the same God Jacob did, same God his daddy did, but he was just a shyster (or, excuse the expression) just... He was just no good. He--he--he was... Now, as far as being morally, he was really a better moral acting man than Jacob was. But you see, he didn't think... "Oh, what's that birthright got to do with it?" and he sold his birthright to Jacob. See? But Jacob, he didn't have big things and like Esau did. He didn't have the inheritance he did. But there was one thing Jacob wanted, was that birthright; and he didn't care how he had to get it, he was going to get it; and God had respect to him. And then, that's the same thing today with the natural man, carnal mind, worldly minded. "Well, I belong to the state church." "I belong to this church." "I belong to that." That don't have one thing to do with it, not a thing.

L-115 Watch. Gathers them now on his mixed colored horse. He's gathering them together on his mixed colored horse 'cause he's got political power. If you don't believe he has, how did this president get in just now? How did that ever slip up? Come over here for freedom of religion, and you bunch of Democrats that would sell your birthrights out to politics. I ain't got... Democrats... parties are, they're both rotten (I'm talking about Christianity.) But you sell your birthrights on a Democrat ticket to put something like that in. Shame on you.

L-116 Don't you realize that this nation exactly is in a pattern of Israel? What did Israel do? She come over to a strange land and took the occupants out and killed them off and went in and possessed the land. That's what we did. The Indians, that's the only true American there is, is our Indian friends. And then what did they do? Israel had a few great men. First thing you know... They had David and had Solomon; they had great men. And finally they got a renegade up there, Ahab, that married a Jezebel, an unbeliever. Well, that's the same thing we did. We had a Washington and a Lincoln, but look what we got now. And the very thing of it is, he's married and soused down and dyed-in-the-wool to Jezebel. He might be a pretty good sort of a fellow, but she's going to run the business. You see it right now; the whole family is coming in.

L-117 What did the Holy Spirit tell me about thirty-five years ago (And all of you old-timers know it.) of seven things that would happen before the end? This is the last--next to the last thing coming up. Everything else hit just exactly on the dot to the wars and everything else. See? And now, she's right in the hands of woman to rule the nation, Jezebel (See?), but remember, in the days of Jezebel someone really told them their colors.

L-118 To gather them on their mixed colored horses... See? He's gathering this thing together, mixed with creeds, denominations, man-made doctrines. Is that right? Sure, a mixed color--the mixed color of the dead, pale horse of the world... Now, that's right. Mixed colors of the dead, worldly form of the pale horse. Oh, my. No holy blood of the Word at all. And watch, from corner--from the four corners of the earth, they gather them. Gathers them to Armageddon, the Bible says. I'm trying to think of the Scriptures. I got them wrote down here. I ain't calling them but just... where they were written down--see what they are. Gathers them together to the great day of the battle of the Lord God. Watch.

L-119 Now, on this mixed colored, worldly, pale, sick horse... Just think of it. You know that's a bad thing. Now, watch where he gathers them--from the four corners of the earth. They are gathering now for the showdown. The showdown will be at Armageddon according to the Word (See?) on the pale horse, riding on it with a death tacked, with the name tacked on him, death. The antichrist... Listen, antichrist, first denomination. That can't be spirit. With his Jezebel, a prostitute to the Word, with her daughters with her--Protestants gathering themselves together now in unity. Did you hear the Baptist people speaking the other day over here you know? Huh? "Oh, we won't join up with them, but we'll--we'll be friendly and kind of click with them. We won't have to join their church, but..." There you are; there you are, just exactly what the Word said here (See, see?), old harlot in the first place. See?

L-120 Now, here they are joining themselves together, coming to that showdown to Armageddon and riding on a mixed colored horse, with one horse of white, one horse of red, one horse of black, the three different political--a--political power, spiritual power controlled by demon power which is the antichrist, mixing that all together, you got a pale, 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min sickly looking thing he's riding on. That's right. Now, notice. Look what he's riding on. This pale looking, grizzled colored horse, mixed with black, red, and white, coming into the battle, gathering his subjects from every nation under heaven. Did not Daniel interpret the dream and seen that streak of iron running to every kingdom, of Rome? Here they come, gathering. Now, set still for the close just a minute and listen close. They're gathering in now to do it, bringing his subjects from the four corners of the earth, riding a pale, sickly, three colored mixed horse: same man.

L-121 Now, in Revelations 19, not only is he getting ready, but Christ is getting ready to meet him. The battle's going to be hot and heavy. Christ, in Revelations 19... Christ is gathering His, not from the four corners of the earth, because there's going to be a little bitty remnant. What's He doing? He's gathering them from the four corners of heaven (We'll get them souls under the altar tomorrow night, and you'll see whether it's right or not.)--four corners of heaven on a snow white horse. He also has a name, not death, but the Word of God, Life. Amen. Got it wrote right on His thigh here: The Word of God. That's the only Life because God is the only source of Eternal Life there is: Zoe. Is that right?

L-122 And He's got wrote, "Life," riding on a white horse, and here's a man with three different powers mixed up, called death, gathering his earthbound delegates, and Christ is gathering His heaven-born subjects, saints. He's got death wrote on him; Christ's got Life wrote on Him. Those with Him are on white horses also, and they are called "the chosen before the foundation of the world," (Amen.) and they are faithful to the Word. Amen. Whew. I like that one. Called, chosen before the foundation of the world, and then faithful to the Word by their choosing, all stimulated with new wine and oil just riding right along, coming down to meet Him. They know the thunders will issue the thing 'course pretty soon. See?

L-123 Watch, how does He do? So if He is the Word, and His Name is the Word, then the Word is Life. The antichrist--anything anti is against. So anti is against the Christ, the Word, so it's got to be a creed or a denomination which is against the Word. Why, I don't see how you're going to miss it. Do you understand? How could you miss it? I don't know how you're going to, but that's true. Anti is against. Isn't that right? take away from. That's what he was. He's riding his mixed up horse. We see it right here in the Word of God. We see it right there in the seven church ages. Here He brings it right back in the Seals opening up and showing them things that went on in the church ages. Anti is against the Word. See why creeds--why we're so against the creeds and denominations, because they're against the Word. See?

L-124 Here we see Life and death coming to the final struggle. The white horse of true Life, the pale horse of mixed creed. You see the thing coming to a--s--to a real showdown. Now, I want to say something here. You might not believe this, but I looked it up to be sure. There's only one original color; that's white. How many knows that? There's only one original color. Anything else is mixed. Christ is on a solid white unadulterated Word from the beginning. Amen. Every color would be white if some chemistry hadn't broke into it. Amen. Glory. Every church would be standing on the apostolic doctrine of the Word of God and God confirming it if he didn't have creeds and denominations mixed into it. There you are. Oh, Brother Evans, I feel good right now. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Only one original color, that's white. It never--it never mixed with denominations or creeds. No, sir.

L-125 And remember, His saints are clothed in white robes, not mixed with denomination and creeds. Now, we find out the denominations and creeds... Here's where you get your mixed color, but this is the original color He's riding. The original color's on His people, and they've been dipped in Blood that cleansed that garment and sent it right back yonder. See? That's right.

L-126 Those that mixed turned pale and go to death. It is a perverting--per--perversion to mix colors with white. You pervert the original color. Is that right? If the original color, only color is white, and you mix something with it, you pervert its real cause. Amen. Is that right? And when... If He is the white horse, and He is the Word, then to mix anything with that, any kind of a creed, add one word to it, take one word away from it, it's to pervert the whole thing. 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min Oh, my. Keep me with the Word, Lord. Truth and error... Oh, my. No matter how good, that it... Truth and error cannot mix. It cannot mix. It's either the THUS SAITH THE LORD, or it's wrong. No matter what "Holy Father" said it, Saint Boniface, or--or the Archbishop of Canterbury. I don't know who said it; if it's contrary to the Word, it's perversion. It won't mix.

L-127 Say, "Why, this fellow done..." I don't care what he done, how much holy he is or anything like that; this is the only direct Truth that we have. No church, no creed has no Truth, if it's outside of this; and show me one that's got it. I want you to tell me. I'll turn a page in the Bible and show you something. See, see? Just call the one. You say, "Pentecostal." Oh, my. (I just caught that thought from somebody.) Better leave it alone right now, because I seen that started a sore spot right there. I didn't--didn't want to hurt you, but I--I just wanted you to know I know what you were thinking about. See?

L-128 Those that mixed turned the anti to death (See?), turns the death color when you mix any kind of anything with the original. It is like Christ said about the mustard seed. Yet it's the smallest of all seeds, but it won't mix with nothing. Mustard won't mix. He's genuine mustard; so if you just got that much of faith, just hold to it. Notice, Life followed rider on white horse Who was the Word, Life, vindicated by His resurrected saints that He had with Him. Now, how's the battle going to go? Jesus said, "He that believeth in Me though he were dead, yet shall he live." He said, "If you believe in Me though you--you were dead yet shall you live, and whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die." Again He said, "He that believes in Me..." He will give him Eternal Life, rise him up at the last day. That's His promised Scripture. [John 3:15], [John 5:25], [John 6:47], [John 11:28]

L-129 Here comes Satan with all four corners of the earth with his Protestants and with his--his Catholics, and all together, marching right up to the battle of Armageddon. All right. And here comes Jesus coming down from heaven with resurrected saints, vindicated Word. As I said, "If God speaks and sends you, He--He--He backs up what you say." See, see? Notice, if you're an ambassador from heaven, all heaven's behind you. And heaven is consisted of the Word.

L-130 Notice now, He's come with resurrected saints, vindicating that His Word is true. So Satan knows then the bottomless pits is ready for him. See? Oh, my. While death rode the pale horse, mixed creed and denominations and followed him... Oh, my, the eternal separation from God, that's where he rode them to--to eternal separation. Christ rode His Church right into glory in the resurrection.

L-131 Notice verse 8 now--just for--the last part of verse 8 while we're closing (See?), "Power was given unto them." Who is them? See? All right. Antichrist called death; hell followed. Watch his four point scheme. Antichrist, white horse, kills by spirit, being antichrist, spiritual kill. Number two: Red horse: kills by sword, political power when church and state united. Black horse: souls when he give out his doctrine, and she did there with her fornications, and he weighed out the food by... Sold their... What they'd give for food for balance and the pennies and so forth. Fourth, a pale horse: eternal separation from God (again four... See?). Oh, my. Praise be to God.

L-132 Now, last, here in closing... To those... Have you got... I'm past time. But will you give me about ten more minutes? I've got so many calls today about--about me speaking here. There's been so much fanaticism start out about Elijah, till that's just... It's--it's hammered to death. And you can... But if--if that... May God help me to help you to see what I'm looking at, will you? Just try to See? Now, here in closing, to those who don't believe that the last messenger to the church age is Elijah, the prophet, a man anointed in that line... After death... Watch. After death of this last church age... Now, you notice what happens. See? After death, their dead bodies are destroyed by wild beasts. You know that. Now, that's true. Like theirs had the type of Jezebel.

L-133 Now, turn to Revelations 2:18 and 20. I believe we had this just a few minutes ago, didn't we? Yeah, I believe we just 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min got that. I had it wrote down here for some... Yes, the time of moral decay. That's what it was. See it how it was... how Jezebel had come in... Now, Jezebel is the churches, this modern church, not Bride now. Jezebel in the Old Testament is a type of the church today, according to the Word of God of Revelations 2:18-20. "Thou sufferest that woman, Jezebel, who calls herself a prophetess..." See? Is that right? Now, it's typed perfectly to Jezebel. [Revelation 2:20]

L-134 Now, the first... We could just give you Scripture after Scripture (See?), that the last age is a prophetic message to the church, calling them back to the original Word. Now, notice. Is that right? Malachi 4 said so, and others, Revelations 10:7 and on down. See? Jesus Himself predicted it down, down, down; "as it was in the days of Lot" and so forth like that and on down. It just keeps coming on down. [Luke 17:28]

L-135 Jezebel is the type of the modern church today, 'cause Catholic and Protestants are joined together now. Right. There is no getting around it. They're both denominations, so it's--so it's just mother and sister. That's all. They fuss and argue with one another, but it's the same thing, both harlots. Now, I'm not saying that myself. I'm quoting from THUS SAITH THE LORD. All right. Now, we notice, killed by a command of God was Jezebel--was killed because God had Jehu to go down there and have her throwed out of the window and kill Jezebel, and the dogs eat her flesh. (Is that right?) literal Jezebel. Ahab, her king head: dogs licked his blood as the first Elijah predicted.

L-136 See where we're going, don't you? Why? The first Elijah was a rejected man by the churches. And Jezebel and Ahab was the head of them churches: church and state, it's all together. And Elijah revealed Ahab's sins to him and commanded the whole church to turn back to the true Word. If that isn't exactly what the second Elijah is supposed to do when he comes to this church in this day: restore back the original faith. I don't see how you're going to squeeze away from it. That's right. Turn back to the true Word. That's right.

L-137 Now, if you want to see their bodies, let's turn over here to Revelations 19 after--after the Word slays them. Now, the Word's going to kill them. You know that. All right now, you just watch and see what happens when Christ coming in Revelations 19, beginning with the 17th verse. And I saw an angel standing in the sun;... Now, that's right after... Look above here. "And his vesture was dipped with blood, and he's called King of king and Lord of lords." (In the 13th verse, He's called the Word of God. See? Now, here He is King of kings and Lord of lords.) And I saw an angel... (Now, watch. He goes forth.) And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations:... (Out of His mouth, like from God's mouth to Moses' mouth. See?)... and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and... tread the winepress--press of the fierceness of the wrath of Almighty God. And he hath on his vesture (a name)... on his thigh a name written, KING OF KING, and LORD of LORDS. And I saw an angel... (Now, watch, now He comes forth smiting. Who's He smiting? Jezebel and her Ahab, false prophet.) And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls of the air in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together to the supper of the great God; [Revelation 19:15-17]

L-138 He feeds them to the beasts and birds. Now, watch over here in the other chapter here of the Book of Revelations. And... (Just a minute.) "Kill with the sword and death and beasts of the earth." See? The Jezebel church, her actually body, is to be eaten by fowls and beasts of the earth. Just exactly like Ahab and Jezebel was in the natural, so are they to be in the spiritual form a church. Do you see what I mean? All right. [Revelation 6:8]

L-139 Elijah (Oh.), Elijah was the prophet in the days of Ahab and Jezebel, natural. And He's promised to do the same thing according to THUS SAITH THE LORD, in the Word to the Jezebel, spiritual: His Spirit form of ministry. Watch. Elijah, though in his day properly and profoundly vindicated, could not turn them back to the Word. Is that 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min right? Though Elijah tried with everything; he did everything; he--he showed them signs and wonders; and they laughed in his face. Same thing they'll do with this spiritual. See? He could not turn them back to the Word.

L-140 Out of the millions... Now, listen, Church, close now you that's a little bit confused on this. Out of the millions in the world in the days of Elijah, when Jezebel and Ahab was reigning in--in type of the antitype today--out of the whole world, there was only seven hundred saved of Elijah's preaching. Is that right? It's exactly. Look, Elijah never knew even one of them was that way. He thought he was the only one saved until God opened one of the Seals and showed him the mystery of the Book, that He had seven hundred that never bowed down to them creeds that they had. When God opened His Book to Elijah, He said, "Now, wait a minute, son; I got seven hundred that's tucked around out there: got their names on the Book since the foundation of the world. They're Mine." Whew. God opened the Seals. That's the reason I think John was doing all that shouting the other night. He must've seen his name on there. You see, see? One day God opened... [Revelation 17:8]

L-141 Elisha, he had preached; he'd done everything; he'd--he'd--he'd preached his heart out, done everything he could, and still they just "hawed" him and called him everything and said, "You're the cause of all this. You're a spiritualist. You're the one who makes all this trouble to come. You're guilty," and everything like that. They said everything to him. Jezebel threatened to cut his head off and everything else. That's right. Everybody was against him. And then he said, "Lord, after I've done all You told me to do. I've stayed exactly with Your Word. When You told me anything, I was fearless. I walked right into the king's face and everything else and told them, THUS SAITH THE LORD, and You haven't told me a thing, and I've not told them one thing but what happened. And now, here am I, the only one left out of the whole bunch. I'm the only one left, and they're trying to kill me." [II Kings 6:32]

L-142 God said, "I'm going to open up one of the Seals and show you something." Said, "You know, I got seven hundred back there that ain't never bowed a knee or joined any of them creeds yet, denominations. There's seven hundred of them ready for the rapture. See?" Oh, oh, He said to His prophet, who He reveals His Word to (See?), through the Scripture, "I have seven hundred prepared names yet out of this generation, seven hundred of them. They have not bowed their knee to any (if I'd say it in this day) religious organizations and come creeded up in them." You see what I mean? Then it simply has to be. It's just got to be. And it's according to the Word. When the man arrives on the scene, he will be a prophet just as certain as I'm standing in this pulpit; and he will stay right with that Word. He will not take down for nobody's creed or nothing else. That's right. [Revelation 5:9]

L-143 He will be a woodsman type of a fellow like Elijah was, he--and like John came. He will--he will hate women, bawl out, immoral women. Boy, he will wave them on. Elijah did, and so did John (See, see?), and he will be right straight with that Word. He will be--be against organizations. Organizations? "Think not to say within yourselves, 'We have Abraham to our fathers,' for I say, God's able of these stones to rise children to Abraham." Sure did. Now, there you are, friends. Here's the Fourth Seal open, and the riders of the four horses is revealed to the best of my knowledge. Now, this is all that took place on earth. Next Seal we see, is in heaven where souls are under the altar. [Matthew 3:9]

L-144 Now, just in closing I want to say these couple--just a few words right here, I got wrote down. We have skipped about on these four Seals, first four Seals. Now, tomorrow night, we--we change the scene from the earth things going on... He looks up here and sees the souls under the altar, the sacrifice altar. The next night the judgment strikes. And the fourth night, the last night, Sunday night, I don't know what--I don't what these others mean; I just read them like you did; but there's silence for a half hour; but there's something took place. I'm expecting Him to reveal it. He will do it; I'm satisfied He will. We had to go different places of the Scripture to Revelations 19 to show the coming of Christ will slay the antichrist. That's the reason I had to leave these, just take them two verses. I had to go to different parts of the Scripture to prove these things; so that's the reason I went to Revelations 19, to show the end of antichrist will be the slaying... Of Christ, 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min when He comes, He will slay the antichrist.

L-145 To Revelations 10 to show that the seventh angel's message will be a person in this last days, anointed of God for a ministry, just like Elijah the prophet has (as is predicted in Malachi 4) to reveal the true Word of the original God in this generation, the original Word of God in this generation. Like he did to the natural Jezebel, so will this man do it to spiritual Jezebel, the denominational churches. I had to go to the 7th chapter, the 10th chapter 1 to 7 verses to prove that it was right, and over to Malachi, and Amos and so forth to prove that. Elijah was a prophet that prophesied and condemned Jezebel in that particular generation, and Elijah never died. He certainly didn't. He appeared again some eight hundred years later by the side of Jesus Christ on Mount Transfiguration. He isn't dead.

L-146 Now, we find out that his spirit is to anoint a man, according to the promise of God in the last days, promised to do the same in spirit Jezebel as it did in natural Jezebel, in the last age. That's why I--I went to so much of the Bible to prove it, so it won't be left a question in your mind. If there is, you let me know. Write me a letter or a little note... And it so perfectly blends even to the beasts destroying their natural bodies in the last day, consuming them as he did then.

L-147 To the best of my revelation that was give to me by God and foretold that it would be done, this is the Truth of the four horse riders to the best of my knowledge. What do you think about Jesus? I love Him, I love Him Because He first loved me And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree.

L-148 Now, remember, with no (that's--go ahead if you will)--with no bad feelings towards any people in any organization, 'cause God has got children in the Catholic system; He's got children in the Methodist system; He's got children in the Baptist system. How many of those... All of them different systems is represented here tonight, that come out of it when you seen Light? Let's see your hand. Now, remember, there's people out there just like you, but it's the system that kills. See? It's the antichrist spirit that finally gets them to a place till they won't hear no Truth.

L-149 You remember, the other night when I went through the sealing? If a man heard the jubilee call, and he refused to go free, he was taken to the post and an awl marked his ear. Ear is where you hear; and faith cometh by hearing. Then if he hears it and refused to accept his freedom, then he has to serve his denominational master the rest of his life. Amen. Oh, my. Isn't He wonderful? I love Him, I love Him (Let's just raise our hands now and worship Him) Because He first loved me (Glory.) And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree. Now, just bow your heads, and let's worship Him now as we hum it.

L-150 Lord, how thankful we are. I'm so glad, Lord, so happy for You and Your people. Oh, Lord, You purchased our salvation on Calvary. We gladly accept it, Lord. Now, try us, Lord, by Your Spirit, and if there be any evil among us, Lord, any unbelief of the Word, any persons here, Father, that would not punctuate every promise of God with an "Amen," may the Holy Spirit come down now, the white horse rider, while His Spirit, Spirit of Christ in the face of antichrist, and call His own. Call them out, Lord. May now they repent; come quickly to You and be filled with the Oil and the wine and be changed from that denominational robe of Cain's death unto a snow-white robe of Eternal Life given out by the Bridegroom; and then they'll go to the wedding supper someday in the vindicated Word of the resurrection. Grant it, Lord. Search the hearts, while the people wait on You, through Jesus' Name.

L-151 Now, just search your heart, my brother, my sister, my friends. I've been with you a long time. This is about thirty-three years. Have I ever told you anything in the Name of the Lord but what come to pass? Search Christ now 63-0321, The Fourth Seal, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 136 min while you have a chance to. It may come pretty soon where you can't do it. See? He may leave the seat any time of His intercession; then you could cry with all your heart, you could stomp, you could speak in tongues, you could run up and down the floor, you could do anything you wanted to and join every church in the world; there's nothing, no more Bleach for your--your sins. Then what do you--where are you then?

L-152 While I believe, with all my heart, the seat's still open. I believe He's still on the throne of God, but soon He's going to rise now and come forth to claim what He has redeemed. He's doing the work of Kinsman Redeemer while Ruth is waiting. But soon, you know, after Boaz done the kinsman work, then he come and claimed his possessions, and that's exactly what the Bible said He done. He come forth and took the Book; then intercession is over. He's off the throne. There's no more Blood on the mercy seat, and then what is it? Judgment seat. Don't let it be said some of these days. "I thought the rapture was supposed to come," and hear the Voice say back, "It's in the past." God help you. Now, let's bow our heads. Brother Neville, come for dismissing or whatever you have to do. God bless you till tomorrow night. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ The Fifth Seal
