Date: 1964-01-26
Title: What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Ramada Inn
Location: Phoenix, AZ
Duration: 59 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 64-0126

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 ...afternoon, I want to hurry up, because I know that you're all tired from being in the church, (thank you, sir), being in the church today. I want to take just this moment of time, though, to express my gratefulness to Brother Demos Shakarian.

L-2 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... never meet as Pentecost, under the groups. There is too many differences. But there is one place where we have things in common, under the Blood of Jesus Christ, there is where we have things in common. That's God's way for us to meet, anyhow. And there is no other place that God promised to meet man, only under the shed Blood.

L-3 I was thinking last night of our brother, Oral Roberts, when he made that wonderful statement here, about, "Out of his innermost being shall flow rivers of water." The great... How he brought that in, about, "out of his belly," I believe he said, "throw, will flow these rivers of water." [John 7:38]

L-4 Did you ever notice, it's rivers of one water? "Rivers," plural; "water," one. Not rivers of waters; but, "rivers of water," one Spirit. "By the same Spirit we're all baptized into the same Body." Out of Him flows the goodness and grace of God. [John 7:38]

L-5 And now, you California people, we'll be in your state, beginning next week, I believe, over there. And then on down through Georgia, Louisiana, Florida, on down till we start overseas.

L-6 The Lord bless you, greatly. I appreciate the little ladies that's played the music, and these fine man that I've meet.

L-7 This new brother here, Brother Solomon King. I may say that wrong. I can think of King Solomon, and just turn it around. That was that day; this is another king, too. That's right. A son of a King, anyhow, that's right; son of a King; of not a king, the King!

L-8 When I look at this, it reminds me of down in Mexico here, a few years ago in Mexico City. We were there one night, there had been a blind man, the night before, come on the platform, totally blind for many years. I looked at his feet. I was standing there with a good suit on, pair of shoes. I looked at his. He was blind, no shoes on, ragged trousers, standing out there in that rain. Oh, maybe thirty thousand, or more, standing there in that rain, leaning against one another, no seats; been there since early that morning, just waiting to get there that night. And there had been this blind man, had received his sight.

L-9 And the next night, much, about twice the size of this bench here, whatever we'd call it, but just on the platform, was just ricks almost as high as what that curtain hangs, of just old shawls and coats, and that the people had wore and thrown up there. "Just that we might touch it!" Most all were Catholic, of course, there in Mexico City.

L-10 And I got in, being the first Protestant ever come in under military invitation. That was from General Valdivia, our good friend here, Full Gospel Business Men.

L-11 I remember that night, there was a scream come from the outside. And my son came to me, said, "I've got at least a hundred and fifty ushers, or more, standing there, and they can't keep a little Spanish woman. She's got a dead baby, died this morning." Said, "They can't keep that woman out." Said, "She'll climb over their backs and everything." And I said, "Well, just reinforce it." He said, "I haven't got nothing else to reinforce with." I said, "Give her a prayer card." Said, "I haven't got one. They're all give out."

L-12 I said, "Brother Moore, you go pray for her," I said, "'cause she don't know me." And I said, "You go pray for her. And I'm going to try to pray for this big rick of clothes, just in a few moments." 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min

L-13 And while I was standing there, I looked out over the audience like this, and before me was a little Mexican baby, no teeth, just smiling, right out in front of me. I said, "Wait a minute, Brother Moore."

L-14 And they brought the little fellow. And the little lady come in, falling down, with a crucifix in her hand. I told, through a brother, interpreter, to have her stand up.

L-15 And I said, "Brother Moore, I don't know whether this is it, or not, but I seen a little baby standing out in front of me, in a vision just now, smiling."

L-16 She had it under a little, blue and white stripped blanket, just soaking wet. It was just raining. It was about ten o'clock at night. The baby had died that morning, around eight or nine, in the doctor's office, with pneumonia. And so she had been standing in the rain. Her hair was all down in her face, and she was a very lovely child. She looked to be probably, her first baby, in her early twenties. And the little fellow died.

L-17 And I just laid my hands over on it, and I said, "Lord Jesus, I don't understand this, but according to that vision I seen..." And no more than said that, he kicked and screamed, and the little fellow was alive.

L-18 And I had Brother Espinoza. How many knows Espinoza, Brother Espinoza? He was the one who chased it down, to the doctor's office, found that it's true, see, that's right, the baby died that morning, to sign the statement.

L-19 And so now He is the same God today, if we can just have the same kind of faith in Him. That's right.

L-20 Our Heavenly Father, send us that faith of that little Mexican woman, today. She had seen that little, blind man healed, the night before. Standing out there with her baby, in that cold, blowing wind, it took pneumonia. And the next morning, early, it died in the doctor's office. Her first thought come, "If God can heal a blinded eyes, can reveal the secret of the heart, it's still the Word of God, for the Word of God discerns the thoughts that's in the heart." And she knew that He could discern the thoughts that was in her heart. She believed Him, and that He could raise up Lazarus from the grave, and He was the same yesterday, today, and forever. She come, and You rewarded her, Lord, by giving her back her baby. It lives today, so far as we know. We thank Thee for this.

L-21 Bless us, today, Father. Bless these people with these handkerchiefs and coats laying here, also. And may Your Holy Spirit come now and impart the Word of God to us. We ask in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-22 I know you have a meeting just in a few moments, or five o'clock, I believe. And usually that wouldn't give me time to get started, but I've--I've been converted from that, I think, now. I've tried hard this week, under a sore throat, maybe that was working together for good.

L-23 I told the people the other day, I--I had me a hairpiece, but I was ashamed to wear it because I had hollered at the women so much about their hair. And I--I had my hair taken out by carbolic acid. And the other night they opened that door, a little air circulated through here, and I didn't think I was going to get back today. I said, "If Oral Roberts is here, he can stand by, if he will." He hasn't showed yet, so I'll read the Scripture, and you pray for me.

L-24 Saint Matthew, the 27th chapter, beginning with the 11th verse, I wish to read. Now listen real close to the reading of the Word. Cause, my word is a man's word, it'll fail. His Word can't fail, so now listen close as we read.

L-25 And before, while you're turning, I'd like to announce that our brother, Oral Roberts, is going to be down in Jerusalem, also, next Friday night, so you all want to come. You say, "Where?" Somebody said Florida was a promised land, I guess I can call Tucson, Jerusalem. Phoenix is in the valley, see, and Jericho was just down the valley from Jerusalem. I'll never get out of here like that, will I? Brother Oral Roberts speaks next Friday night and I'm sure you'll all be glad to hear him. We'll be glad to have you down.

L-26 27th chapter, the 11th verse. And Jesus stood before the governor: and the governor asked him, saying, Art thou the Christ of the Jews? And Jesus said unto him, Thou sayest. And when he was (of the chief) accused of the chief priests and elders, and of the... and answered nothing. Then said Pilate unto him, Hearest thou not how many things they witness against thee? 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min And he answered him to never a word; insomuch that the governor marvelled... Now at the feast the governor... wont to release unto the people a prisoner, whom they would. And they had then a noble prisoner, called Barabbas. Therefore when they were gathered together, Pilate said unto them, Whom will ye that I release unto you? Barabbas, or Jesus which is called Christ? For he knew that for envy they had delivered him. When he was fast down on this, set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have... nothing to do with this just man: for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him. But the chief priests and the elders persuaded the multitude that they should ask for Barabbas, and destroy Jesus. The governor answered and said unto them, Whether of the twain will ye that I release unto you? And they said, Barabbas. Pilate said unto them, What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ? They all say unto him, Let him be crucified. And the governor said,... what evil has he done? But they cried out the more, saying, Let him be crucified. ... Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather the tumult was made, he took water, and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see ye to it. Then answered all the people, and said, His blood be on us, and on our children. Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified. [Matthew 27:11-26]

L-27 My subject today, if I should call it that, for the next thirty minutes, is: What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ? And then I would like to say this, also, "Jesus on our hands."

L-28 Now, I believe that the hour where our scene starts, is along about daylight, in Pilate's judgment hall. And it's one of the saddest times, and one of the most crucial times, of all history. It was the saddest mistake the church ever made in its history. They had just made it, and now it's been throwed into the laps of the governor, the state. Both church and state, because they were a people chosen of God, called to be His servants, and the nation was supposed to be controlled by God's laws.

L-29 And the church had turned down their Messiah. Although He had been so well identified to them, they had chosen rather to stay with the tradition of the elders of that day, than to believe the anointed, vindicated Word that God had promised them for hundreds of years, to come.

L-30 Did you notice, it also prophesied that they would be blinded? They couldn't understand this, and how they would be blinded, but they were. [Romans 11:7-12], [II Corinthians 3:13-15], [Psalms 69:22-23]

L-31 And they had made their great mistake, and this day they had made their final show of it. And now it's in the hands of the government, and now the government has to make its choice. The churches had already rejected Him, though God had thoroughly proved that He was their Messiah.

L-32 Now I want to take just a few moments before we get down into this, to the text and so forth, that I have notes I got written here about it. How could those people have failed to see that? One thing the Scripture clearly says, "They were blind." But it's hard to make them understand they're blind, just as hard as it is today.

L-33 When, the Bible tells us that this generation is "naked, miserable, poor, and blind, and don't know it." Now, that's the Scripture. Now you tell we American people that we are blind, we'll tell you right quick you don't know what you're talking about. [Revelation 3:17]

L-34 But I'm going to bring you to trial this afternoon, find out whether we are blind or not. And we got Jesus on trial, this afternoon, and His Blood on our hands, and now we want to see what we're going to do about it. Will we make the same rashel mistake that they made then? 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min

L-35 Notice what happened. He had been clearly identified, and fulfilled the office that God said He would fulfill, as Messiah. There was no question about it. For, He was born the way God said He would be born. He was rejected the way God said He would be rejected. He had proven Himself to be the Messiah, because the Messiah was God. Messiah means "anointed one." And He was anointed with the--with the fulness of the Godhead, bodily dwelt in Him. He wasn't just a prophet. Yet, He was a Prophet, but He was more than a prophet. He was the Godhead bodily dwelling in a human being known as the Son of God. God, the Father, had overshadowed a virgin and created in her, Blood, in her womb, a Blood cell that brought forth the Son of God, which God tabernacled in. [Colossians 2:9]

L-36 And He was identified to them, as Who He said He was, but He never did come right out and tell them, "I am the Son of God." No, no. They have to believe that. He said, "My works testify Who I am." He commanded them, "Look in the Scriptures," and see what day they were living in, then they would know what He was. [John 10:37-38]

L-37 I think it would behoove us to do this, as we see another exodus at hand. I think we should look, and search the Scriptures, when we see things arise. [I Thessalonians 4:14-18]

L-38 We notice then that the church had made their decision, that they wanted nothing to do with Him. Why, when the Word correctly identified Him, and His works vindicated that He was the Messiah? Such a horrible, crucial thing, mistake, that that church made!

L-39 And I wonder if it could be possible that we could make that same mistake? They had been given their last chance to see what He was, and to accept It. Now, you won't always have the opportunity to accept what God sends. See, His patience finally runs out, and then you cross that line between grace and judgment. There is nothing left but judgment when God's patience finally runs out. [Hebrews 3:1-19], [Psalms 95:7-11]

L-40 But they had been given this opportunity, and had seen Him identify Himself, see Him at the well with the woman, and told her that she had five husbands. Seen Nathanael come up to Him, after Philip had went and brought Nathanael into His Presence, and He spoke and told exactly who he was and where he come from. Told Simon Peter who his father was, and what his name was. And they hadn't had a prophet for hundreds of years. [John 4:18], [John 1:42]

L-41 And even that little prostitute woman recognized the Word of God. She wasn't all mixed up in something. She, she, well, her mind wasn't all, what we could call, if you'd excuse the expression from this, "muddled up," running here and running there. It was a virgin mind, as far as that concerned. She said, "We know the Messiah is coming, and this is what He'll do." And He said, "I am He." [John 4:25-26]

L-42 And quickly she run, told the man in the city, "Come, see Him, this is the very Messiah." [John 4:29]

L-43 Why, those educators and people of that day couldn't see that. It's, it'd be hard to see if you wouldn't know the Scriptures. But the Scripture said, "They were blinded." They were actually blinded. But they chose, rather, instead of that lovely Jesus, at the... We hear the cry come out, "Crucify Him!" [Romans 11:7-12]

L-44 Pilate said, "What will I do with this Jesus which is called the Christ?" They said, "Away with Him! Crucify Him!" "Who shall I release to you, Barabbas or Jesus?" [Matthew 27:17-22]

L-45 And they made the rashel mistake by choosing a murderer instead of Life-giver. One that was identified as Life-giver, they chose a murderer who was identified as life-taker. What a contrast! And I wonder if... [Matthew 27:21]

L-46 I say this with all godly respects for my brethren and my sisters, and for the men and women of this day, who I preach to, with love in my heart for all people: I wonder if we are not about ready to see the same thing as they seen then! The government had become involved in this, and the--the issue was on. The question must be settled. It was at a showdown.

L-47 So has it been today, so is it in this hour! The showdown is on! Something has got to be done, you've got to say "yes" or "no." But, remember, it won't be when you're forced to do it. You have to do it on your free moral will now. Now! Not when that time takes place; when it does, it's over. Now! This may be the last day you'll have time to make 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min choice. You can't do it then, you've already took it; it's too far, at that time. You must do it now. Don't wait till the last minute, because the boat will pull out and leave you. The doors will be closed.

L-48 Many people would have come into the ark if they could have gotten in there, when the rain started falling. But the issue was made, the Gospel was preached, the signs was showed; and the time was over, the rain was then falling, judgment was on.

L-49 Now, the whole nation had to reject Him, because that it was called, as we would say today, "a Christian nation," like this is called a Christian nation. Therefore, if it was called Jehovah's nation, His selected people, then the whole nation had to turn Him down. The church had already turned Him down. The church had kicked Him out. They wanted nothing to do with Him, but now the government is involved in it.

L-50 So is it back again, it's right back in the lap again, with the Scripture laying here, identified, just exactly what Jesus said would happen. Why do we stagger on in this hours of darkness? Why do we let this come upon us, when we been thoroughly warned? Just as it was in the days of Lot, we see the very same thing. Jehovah has set the scene, and told us, "As it was in the days of Lot!" You see the messengers out yonder into Babylon, trying to get Lot out; and you see the Message to the Elect, Abraham, that was already out. And everything, exactly, to name, place, and time, has been thoroughly identified. [Luke 17:28-30]

L-51 But now it's in the hands of the government. The government has got to condemn it now, and they're going to do it. Don't you worry about that. It's a Christian nation, it's got to take its Christian stand, if it is. The showdown is on.

L-52 The whole nation had to be brought into judgment. Because, it happened about A.D. 70, when the great Roman general, Titus, besieged Jerusalem, about A.D. 70, with his army from Rome, and there they paid the price for rejecting Him.

L-53 Today, as we look upon that trial there, and we go out here and impersonate it in different ways, of trials on Good Friday, and talk about it, and things. And the very same thing that we are talking about, that happened on that Good Friday, is right under our noses today! And our elders are doing the same thing they did, taking it right in on a similar trial, after a similar promised Word of this day has been a vindicated just the same as it was vindicated there.

L-54 Jesus, "a common carpenter's boy," so thought. He was the Word of God made manifest. And He was thoroughly identified, because the works of God had manifested themself through Him, and proved that He was the Messiah. [Mark 6:3]

L-55 And, today, that similar case has come again, when the Holy Spirit has come upon us in the last days and identified Himself right in our church, and has proven the same works that He did when He was here in the fulness upon Jesus Christ. He did the same thing upon the Bride, doing the same thing, and still we want to get rid of It. [John 14:12]

L-56 Remember, these are tapes that's made now, that goes over the world, not only to Phoenix here. I'm speaking to half of the world, at this time, 'cause we got a tape business that goes around the world.

L-57 Notice, today we have a similar trial, after the same identified Word. Hebrews 13:8, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." Saint John 14:12, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do also." Matthew 28, "All the world, preach the Gospel to every creature." "Lo, a little while and the world seeth Me no more; yet ye shall see Me, for I will be with you, even in you, to the end of the age." "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever!" [John 14:19], [Hebrews 13:8]

L-58 They have chosen today, not only a murderer, but a murderer of the Word, a satellite to the very first murderer.

L-59 When they, apostles was preaching the Gospel, and come down through Irenaeus, and many of the great reformers and founders back in the early age, it come to Nicaea, one time, for a showdown, and they decided to make a universal church, to force people to come under their jurisdiction. Many who has read the history there, knows many old prophets come there with animal skin wrapped around them, eating only herbs and things, and they tried to hold out for that Word, hold for the Word of God. But what did they do that fifteen days of bloody politics? They finally decided to make a universal church, and graft some paganism with Christianity, and set it out as a universal church. 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min

L-60 And, today, the Protestants are throwing themselves together in the Ecumenical Council, doing the same thing, grafting in tradition of man, and instead of taking the Word of God which is thoroughly identified by the Holy Ghost, that He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. The church stands in the balance, today, and is found wanting. You're back in Pilate's judgment hall. Yes, sir. [John 19:8-9]

L-61 What does it do? It's making an image unto the beast. It's a satellite unto Rome. When the Ecumenical Council is forcing, and will force every Protestant denomination into it; and it practically all is there now, Full Gospel and all. The hour is going to come when they'll have to come or stay out, and, at that time, when that force come, you've already identified yourself with the mark of the beast. Now, that's exactly.

L-62 What is it? A Protestant harlots with the old mother, Rome, the whore! Revelation 17 said she was, "THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS," exactly, Protestant denominations; holding out in her hand the cup of the wrath of the--of God, for her toast, her testimony, "this is what we believe," and each one, "this is what we believe." [Revelation 17:2]

L-63 Here is what the Church is to believe, the Word of God, "and let every man's word be a lie." That's what it's supposed to be. [Romans 3:4]

L-64 But we bring Christ again to that great crucial hour that He stood in, in Pilate's judgment hall; pathetically, a little bunch pushed off to one side, with a bowed head. Other denominations rejected them, refused them, and turn them away, and say, "Have nothing to do with It!" You better check up on the Word. Now we find out, this Ecumenical Council is. What's it doing? It, the Bible... [John 19:1-10] You say, "Does the Bible say about that?" Yes.

L-65 "Having a form of godliness, but denying the Power thereof." Blind, naked, church-goers, having a form of godliness, but denying the Power of the Holy Ghost which identifies Jesus Christ to His Word. How can a man claim to have the Holy Spirit and deny the very Word which is the Holy Spirit? How can a man do that? His own testimony gives witness that he is not what he is supposed to be, committing spiritual fornications, denying the Power of God. Paul said, in Second Timothy, 3rd chapter, that's what it'll be, said, "Be heady, high-minded!" [II Timothy 3:5]

L-66 "I've got a doctor's degree, a Ph.D., an LL.D." To me, that's further from God than you was when you started. Yes, sir. That only takes you away from God, don't bring you to God. Only one thing can draw you to God, and that's the Holy Spirit, by His Word.

L-67 The Holy Spirit is a compass. The North Star is the Word. And the compass will only point to the North Star. And the Holy Ghost will only point you to the Word, not some ecumenical move, not some denomination, but to the Word of God. Remember, all the other stars shift with the world, but the North Star stays exactly, because it's in the center. And every other man's word will fail, but God's Word can't fail. It's the North Star, centered, It won't shift with the world. No matter where the world is, It remains the same yesterday, today, and forever. And He is the Word! [John 16:13]

L-68 Brother and sister, I plead you, in Jesus' Name, to consider This. You've believed me in what I've said in these years. If God has proved what I've said has been the Truth, not me, it's been His Word that's done it, then I plead you, in Jesus' Name, to check on This. Don't be blind to these things; it's right upon you.

L-69 Remember, the Bible said, in Matthew 24:24, that all whose names were not written in the Lamb's Book of Life, from the foundation of the earth, would take this mark. Only the Elected, who is ordained to see It, will see It. The rest of them will miss It a million miles. [Matthew 24:24], [Revelation 13:8]

L-70 We see this big move set up now, Satan's big machinery set in order. The only thing it needs is... It's got the mechanics, it only waiting for its dynamics to put it in force. The move's all congregation, a big council and thing. The big machine is setting there, but they're waiting for the hour when the lid goes down, and then they can make it, and force it, make it a law. Look at the broadcasts and things we hear today, over the radio and the newspapers. Why, it's right on you now.

L-71 We haven't time to do nothing else but receive Jesus Christ. He has been thoroughly identified. 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min

L-72 Listen, we say about Satan's big machine up there, ready to move, that's right, to crush down; but, remember, God's little flock that believes the Word, its mechanics is ready too. It's ready for the Dynamics to set it afire with the Holy Ghost. "Fear not, little flock, it's your Father's good will to give you the Kingdom." The Holy Ghost will strike a little Church that's come out from the world, women that wears long hair, Nazarite, to prove they've separated themselves from the... [Luke 12:32]

L-73 The Nazarite is one who... What? A one that separates themselves, for the Word of God; not short-wearing, painted faces, Jezebels, calling themselves Christians; no, sir; man, so wishy-washy, that'll stand for a denomination, and hold onto their coat tails, of some Caesar or Herod, instead of standing for the Word of God. But God has got loyal people, genuine flock of God, who don't care what the world says. They believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Judges 13:7], [Hebrews 13:8]

L-74 This is not popular. It makes you unpopular, but it's the Truth! It's God's command for it to be done, and God will do it. God bless you. Don't mean to scold you, but to warn you. It's better to be scorched than burned, at any time, so take warning. The Holy Spirit speaks in this last days.

L-75 All is written in the Book will escape it. Now we find out, the little flock is ready for the Dynamics to move It up into the skies, to escape all this tribulation.

L-76 Someone said, the other day when I was talking, said, "Brother Branham, you don't believe then the church will go through the tribulation?"

L-77 I said, "I believe the church will, but not the Bride." The church will go through the tribulation, yes, sir, but the Bride is free from it. She'll go in the Rapture, in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. She'll be caught up to meet her Lord in the air, for the Wedding Supper. She has nothing to go through any tribulation about; her Lord has paid her price. We're so thankful for that. Yes, sir. [I Thessalonians 4:14-18]

L-78 After the rejection, of both church and nation, there was only one cry come, the next move, was, "Get rid of It!"

L-79 That's the next cry we have. The church has firmly turned down the Holy Spirit. We know it has. Oh, members has come out of everything, that's the great call, Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist, Lutheran; but the church, itself, the denomination, it cannot move. No, sir. It's already denominated. What's the thing of it is now? "Crucify It! Crucify It!" What? Crucifying, afresh, (what?) the a vindicated Word, to be the Truth. God's Word, crucified, afresh. Just as Eve corrupted the whole physical world, by rejecting one little bit of God's Word, so has the church did the same thing.

L-80 You may say to me, "Brother Branham, you've got the wrong interpretation of It." Well, that's to your opinion.

L-81 God don't need any interpreter. God is His Own interpreter. That's what the trouble of it is, today, we got too many man-made interpreters. God can interpret, Himself. His Own vindication of His Word is the interpretation.

L-82 The Pharisees might have cried out, too, "We got the interpretation!" The Sadducee says, "We got it!" But Jesus was the interpretation. Amen.

L-83 The manifestation of God's revealed power, promised, is the vindication. Read the Scriptures and see what the church is supposed to be today. Yes, sir. God don't need any interpreter. [II Peter 1:20]

L-84 That's what they done to Jesus. They found out, back there, that they thought He didn't have the interpretation. He was the interpretation. God didn't have to interpret It. Jesus' life interpreted. He said, "Search the Scriptures, for in Them you think you have Eternal Life; They are They that testify of Me. And if I do not the works of My Father, then believe Me not. If the works that was spoke of this day, don't manifest Itself in Me," He said, "then don't believe it." [John 5:39], [John 10:37]

L-85 Did They do it? God said, "A virgin shall conceive," and she did! Do you believe it? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Certainly; but they didn't. "A virgin shall conceive," and she did. It said, "The lame shall walk, the blind shall see," and what would take place. It proved they would do it, and Jesus was the manifestation. [Isaiah 7:14]

L-86 Moses said, "The Lord your God shall raise up a Prophet, like unto me." The Word comes to the prophet. And, the prophet, the Word is a discerner of the thoughts of the heart. When they see Him doing that discernment, they said, 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min "This is Beelzebub, a fortuneteller." That's no more than a name they pin on Him. The same thing today, called a "holy-roller," or something like that. That's right. Though... [Deuteronomy 18:15]

L-87 He needs no interpretation. He was the interpretation. God proved it by Himself. Who is that sinful man today, or who was that sinful man then, that would deny that the Word wasn't interpreted?

L-88 Jesus asked them, said, "Search the Scriptures. They testify Who I am. They are the interpretation. If My life doesn't interpretate what I'm talking about, then don't believe Me." [John 10:37]

L-89 What sinful man could there be today, that could look in the face of the Bible and see if the Holy Spirit isn't the interpreter of the Word today, making Hisself known by manifestations of promises of the gifts, and the things that He promised to do in this day? Malachi 4 being fulfilled, all the rest of the Scriptures being fulfilled, and see it right here at the end of the time! You don't need any man to interpret It. No, sir. It interprets Itself. It proves It's the Message of the hour! Repent and turn to God, all the world! You churches, repent and turn to God! Don't try to wash Him from your hands, 'cause you can't do it. The issue is right on now, as it was then. [Malachi 4:2, 5-6]

L-90 He said, "Search the Scriptures; They testify of Me." Jesus said, "My works are My interpreter." [John 5:39], [John 10:37]

L-91 He told Moses, when He met him up there at the burning bush. He said, "I AM. I remember My promise. I remember that I'd take them people out, by a mighty hand. I made the promise, and I am going with you. I'm sending you. You just be My mouthpiece, and the signs will interpret whether I sent you or not." Amen. [Exodus 3:6-7, 12]

L-92 That's what men and women ought to look for today, a promise of another exodus, and an interpretation of God's Word being made manifest. [I Thessalonians 4:14-18]

L-93 Trouble of that, today, they say, "Well, my church don't believe This." What's the matter? You are living in a shadow of another age. Them churches was fine in their ages, but what about this age? This is another age.

L-94 You'd never make Wesley believe on Luther, there wasn't sanctification. No, sir.

L-95 You'd never make the Pentecostal believe on the Baptist, or like that, go back to that. They found something better. They lived in the light of their day.

L-96 And, today, Pentecost has organized and set right down like they did, it's exactly the same thing. And the Word is moving on, and It's moving right away from them. That's exactly right, 'cause we get so stiff and so starchy. We let our churches get in any kind of condition, go right on. "Long as we got members, that's all is necessary, 'cause we got more than we ever had." We blow about that.

L-97 Let me tell you something that's an old proverb, that, "The devil counts his crowd, but God weighs His."

L-98 That's true, too, yet today. God weighs you by His Word, see if you're found wanting or not. I don't care about crowds, how many, how unpopular It is. It's God's Word being made manifest for this hour. Exactly right. I don't care about crowds, and who comes and who doesn't. It's God's Word is at stake, like it was there in Pilate's judgment hall. Weigh It, and see what we have found, where we're found wanting. Yes, sir. We believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Hebrews 13:8], [Daniel 5:27], [Job 31:6]

L-99 We find out that He told Moses that, "I'll be with you, and I'll just use your mouth. You go speak the words as I tell you, and the signs will interpret themselves." [Exodus 3:12]

L-100 See, God don't need no interpreter. Oh, no, he mustn't be interpreter. God's interpret proves Himself. He said that He was the interpreter of His Own Word, and He is. He did it, by Moses, and He does it today. We know Him, in the Bible, as Elohim. Elohim is "the all-sufficient One." He needs nobody's advice. He stands alone. He is God, and He is the Word. And when the Word promises something, and makes It identified before you, what kind of an interpretation do you want outside of that? [II Peter 1:20]

L-101 Oh, sinful man or woman, who are you that could rise up and say that It's wrong? When God, with His Holy Spirit and promised Word, interprets It in the face of every one of us, who are we to say that it's wrong? Oh, sinful person, how could you do that? "'Sinful,' what do you mean by that, Brother Branham?" Unbelief! There is only one 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min sin, that's unbelief. Need not man's silly interpretation!

L-102 He interprets His Own. "I am the Lord," He said, "I planted It; I'll water It, day and night, less some should pluck It from My hand." He also said, in another Scripture, that, "He watched over His Word, to perform It." Perform It, "reveal" It to (what?) His Elected, to those that it's sent to see, that's sent to see It, rather. He performs It to those who are sent to see, to see It. [Isaiah 27:3]

L-103 He watches over It, keeps It away from all these foolish carnal interpretations, these things, that, "This is right, and that's right, and that's right." God is right, God's identified person!

L-104 All them Pharisees could have stood up, said, "We're of God! We have the laws. We have this." And there stood the Word, Itself. Said, "Away with It! Crucify It! It don't identify Itself with what we believe."

L-105 But It identified Itself with the Word. Amen. Those who had eyes to see, saw It. Those who were blind did not see It.

L-106 Neither will they do it today. That's all. They're going, done sealed themselves off, many of them, from away from It. Oh, yes, by fulfilling It, showing It to be true!

L-107 Some say, "I believe so much of It. Brother Branham, I can believe the Bible. I sympathize with the Bible. I'm a Bible sympathizer. I believe so-and-so. I believe Jesus Christ, the Son of God. But I just can't believe all of It, because my denomination says It's not so."

L-108 Then what kind of an interpreter do you got? The same kind that Eve had, the devil. He tried to interpret the Word to Eve, and he said, "Oh, this is right, and that's right, but surely..." Surely, is right! What God says, It's right! I don't care how much It seems to others. When God said it's going to happen, it's going to be that way. Would you use Eve's interpreter? Oh, sinful person, how could you do that? Yes, sir. They had got Eves interpreter. [Genesis 2:17]

L-109 The evidence, as I said the other day, we try to place evidence. Luther said, "Believe, and walk out." The devil believes, too. Wesley said, "Shout, and you got It," but he found out he didn't. Pentecost said, "Speak in tongues, and you got It." They didn't. Christian Science said, "Love, you got the fruit of the Spirit," but they haven't. They deny the Divinity of Jesus Christ. [James 2:19]

L-110 What is the evidence of It? When that spirit that's in you can punctuate every promise with an amen, and God will confirm it. That's exactly the way it was with Jesus Christ. Oh, yes. They had, they had more fruits of the spirit, they had all kinds of evidences. You can't pin any evidence down to anything but God Himself manifesting His Word. That's the only true evidence that there is that you're a Christian. How can you be a Christian when... [John 16:13]

L-111 "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us. The same yesterday, today, and forever!" He was the same God that was in David. He was the same One that was in Moses. He was the same One was in all the apostles. And He is the same One was in Jesus Christ, to manifest Himself there for that promised Word. And He is the same God today, the same Word, throwing Light upon the Word of the hour. God be merciful to us! Yes, sir. Believing God to interpret Himself, every Word to be vindicated! Yes, He is His Own interpreter. [John 1:1, 14], [I Peter 1:20-21]

L-112 Brother, I think of the hour! I could stay on this a long time, but you got a meeting coming. I believe, and I'm going to say, today; if we don't watch, He is on the hands of we Americans. Think of it. I say this not for anger; I say this for Light. I say that the Blood of Jesus Christ is on the hand of the American church today. The Blood of Jesus Christ is on America, whole. The Blood of Jesus Christ is against the Methodist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, Pentecostals. It's on the hands of all of us. Let's see if it is now. Think of it, the Blood of Jesus Christ! Oh, my!

L-113 And as Pilate that day, it reminds me of three ways that Pilate tried to get It off his hand. He tried all three ways to get It off his hand, but he failed. There is only one way you take It off your hand. Let's see what he did. Pilate tried these three ways, and they all failed. [Matthew 27:24], [John 19:4], [Luke 23:6-7]

L-114 We must face the issue. We know it's here, for His Word has been identified by the Scripture evidence. The Word 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min promised for the day is made flesh, even to the evil part of refusing Jesus Christ; and Him, in this Laodicean Age, on the outside of the church. We know that's the Truth. Think of it, the Blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, on our hands. You... That scares me, to think of it. To run through Him, it sends chills, to think, the Blood of Jesus Christ!

L-115 When, a man will watch his own fellow-man's blood. One time in Chicago, not long ago, a friend of mine was standing there when one of the--the Dillinger outfit, or whatever it was, shot down on the street. People had gathered up, by the hundreds, and they stood all around. But, they, what did they do? Where that blood was spread out on the street, and that bullet hole, everybody walked around that blood. They wouldn't step in their fellowman's blood. Oh, no, sir. They're very suspicious of that.

L-116 But they'll walk right through the Blood of Jesus Christ. This old saying is still true, "Fools will walk with hobnailed shoes where Angels fear to trod." That's right, they'll walk right over It, say, "The days of miracles is passed. That was all right for the apostles, but not for us." Oh, my, how can you say it? You are tramping under the foot the Blood of Jesus Christ wherewith you were sanctified with! Oh, my, think of the Blood on our hands!

L-117 What, a man's fellow's blood. I think about long ago, a few weeks ago, when we thought it couldn't happen in our nation. What about this fellow, Oswald? Setting there in that cell, sweating it out, if he's in his right mind.

L-118 And I think of a man that would listen to this tape, or sitting present here, anywhere, and listen to the Message, approving it; sweating it out, knowing that you got to come to judgment and answer to the Word of God, answer to the Blood of Jesus Christ, which you've been introduced to, on your hands, on our hands.

L-119 Notice Oswald setting there, what an awful thing it ought to been to him, or would have been, or I guess it was, when he thought that he would face an angry Supreme Court with the anger of murdering their President. There would be no mercy. Any evidence they could get against him, it would be crammed against him. Fingerprints, gun, place he was at, all would be brought before him.

L-120 That's a mild thing to what it's going to be to people who set in these meetings and watch Jesus Christ rise in the form of His Being, and identify Himself, and you walk out without accepting Him, holding to some little creed, or something that you call petty. That'll be a mild thing, when you set in the Presence of angry God, who has tramped the... you who have tramped the Blood of His Own Son, and crucified Him afresh in your mind, swapped your birthrights for a popularity. It's going to be a terrible thing on that day. It'll be a horrible thought. How can you set in that sweat cell?

L-121 You natives in Africa, you in Australia, Sweden, Switzerland, you'll listen to this tape, how you going to answer in the Day of Judgment, when I've been in your nations and you've seen the identification of Jesus Christ rising among the people, and proving Himself?

L-122 Sweat, my, he must have sweated out! Oh, how could he do it if he was in his right mind?

L-123 What kind of an angry God do you think it will be to those who have trod under foot the Son of God, and crucified Him afresh, again?

L-124 Notice, a pilot, when he gets ready to take a plane up. A pilot will take a plane out, he'll check everything before he leaves, every instrument. He'll go out on the runway, and stand out there and check those wing flaps, check his gas caps. Everything, every instrument he's got, he checks it over and over. Many of you has flown in planes, and you know that's the truth. He checks every instrument. Why? He has got the blood of his fellowman upon his hands. He wants to be sure that everything possible is running right.

L-125 How about a doctor in an operation, when he knows that he's going to operate, take a tumor or a heart, or something another, and operate on it? When he is going to operate on your body, he'll check your heart, he'll check your blood pressure, he'll check whether you got any cold, he'll check the anesthetics. He checks everything, over and over, and over again. Why? He don't want the blood of his fellowman upon his hand.

L-126 And if a doctor and a pilot, and so forth, will check, how ought the Church of Jesus Christ to do, when we see the things that we're living in today? We had better check. The Blood of Jesus Christ might be left upon our hands. 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min

L-127 Now let's take one thing, Pilate's first scheme, was, "I find no fault in Him." [Luke 23:4], [John 18:38], [John 19:4]

L-128 How that is amongst many of the fine groups today! "I find no fault in the Word. It's all right, but that was for the apostles." The Bible said He's the same yesterday, today, and forever! You say, "That Bible is all right. I believe they spoke in tongues; I believe they cast out devils; I believe they discerned the thoughts; I believe there were prophets; but not this day." Oh, mister, sinful man, what's the matter with you? What happens when Matthew the 28th... 24:24 lays right back? Hebrews 13:8 flies right back in your lap again. [Matthew 24:24], [Hebrews 13:8]

L-129 Pilate, he couldn't wash It from his hands like that. No, sir, It come right back in his lap again. So will it to every man, when you stood and seen God keep His promise. [Matthew 27:24]

L-130 Peter said, on the Day of Pentecost, "Repent, every one of you, and be baptized in the Name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." [Acts 2:38-39]

L-131 How far? "To all the world, to every nation." Said It was to every nation. "Go ye into all the world." It hasn't reached there yet. "Preach the Gospel to every creature. These signs shall follow them that believe." [Mark 16:15, 17]

L-132 How you going to wash That from your hands? You cannot do it. It's a vindicated, and throwed right back in your lap. It backfires, just like it did on Pilate. Oh, yes, sir, it comes right back to you again, when you see the Scripture identified right before you. [Matthew 27:24]

L-133 Secondly, as we're closing. Secondly, we find out, there was another way as Pilate tried to do, so does people today, pass it on to his Herod's and Caesar's. Many fine ministers today, Episcopalian, Presbyterian, Lutheran, Baptist, Pentecostals, and so forth, will pass It on, "My headquarters is the one won't let me do it." It backfired. It's backfiring again today. [Luke 23:6-7]

L-134 I'm not asking the Assemblies of God, the Oneness, the church of God, the Methodist, the Baptist, the Presbyterian. I'm asking you, as an individual, what do you do with the Blood of Jesus Christ? What will we do with this anointed Word of God that's right before us today, that we know is to be, is the Christ, the promise of the hour? What will you do with It? Not what your church does with It. Your Caesar and your Herod has nothing to do with it. That didn't excuse Pilate. No, sir. No, sir.

L-135 Them Pharisees from that day, said, "Let His Blood be upon us, and on our children." It is. That's exactly. [Matthew 27:25]

L-136 What did He, Jesus, tell them? "You can discern the face of the skies, but you can't discern the signs of the time." [Matthew 16:3]

L-137 And, oh, I don't say this for Phoenix, but I say it for anywhere it wants to go to. You blind Pharisees! How can you, spending millions of dollars, you can discern communism; but the Word of God, a vindicated for the hour, you cannot discern? You are crucifying It again. You know all about communism; if you knowed your Bible, you'd know the thing has got to happen. That's not interesting to me. I hate communism. I hate anything against God. But what my interest is is this, the Church being ready for this hour, for the going away of the Bride.

L-138 "Discern the face of the skies, but the signs of the time you cannot discern." [Matthew 16:3]

L-139 And on His trial today, is in the Federal courts to make this Council of Churches, and everything. You can discern communism and all these things that preachers are preaching about; and walking right over the signs of the time, and calling It a "fanaticism," calling It "mental telepathy," or something like that, and walking away, and forbidding their people to come even hear It. If history hasn't repeated itself, I, my name is not William Branham. Exactly right. What's going to happen? It throws the Blood of Jesus Christ right back on your hands, and you're calling It an "unclean spirit," like they did then.

L-140 All around the world! I guess you know what I meant then. Everywhere! Why did you turn me down, in Switzerland? Why did you do it, Finland? The Blood is going to be upon your own hands. That's upon you. Not me, you never turned me down; you turned Him down, not me, because you said, "I don't believe in such." The Word says 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min such! There you are. Blind Pharisees, they can discern communism, discern all these things, but, the hour they're living in, they can't discern it. That's exactly right.

L-141 Now it's about to reach its (my!) final goal again. The crucial hour is here again. What is it? "Crucify Him! We'll make... We can't all make them all Methodist; we can't make them all Baptist; we can't make them all Oneness; we can't make them all Trinity; we can't make them all this, that, or the other; but we can have a council." Where, you disagree as far as the East is from the West, and the whole thing is wrong. It's a satellite to Rome. That's exactly right.

L-142 Now, as an individual, I'm going to ask you. What will you do with this anointed Word which is the Christ, the Word that was promised for this day? You, as an individual?

L-143 Pilate never got It off his hands. You know that. He screamed, cried, and every scheme he could do. He failed to do it. There is a legend up in Switzerland there, where gre-... blue water washes up, where he committed suicide. You know the history of it. He finally run him crazy, and he committed suicide. Why didn't he repent? He couldn't repent, no more than Esau could repent. He had done it! Don't you let that happen to you.

L-144 He is on your hands. The works is done, the Bible is preached, the Holy Ghost has identified It. Any sinful man, dare you to say It isn't so, the Holy Ghost in this last days! And the Words that's been spoke, said It would come to pass, and here It is right before us.

L-145 Don't try to do it. Don't let your end be like Pilate. No. He should have accepted Him in his heart. That's the only way you can get Him off your hands, is take Him in your heart. Oh, don't make that same mistake.

L-146 Listen, Hebrews 10 says this, "If we sin willfully," disbelieve willfully, "after we received the knowledge of the Truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sin." If you sin willfully after It's has been identified to you, and then you turn It down, you are absolutely no chance of ever repenting. [Hebrews 10:26]

L-147 Just a minute, I got a note here I want to bring to you before closing.

L-148 Like the spies on the road to the promised land. They was in an exodus, coming out of Egypt, come out by a promised Word of God. God made His Word known by a prophet, Moses, sent him down there. He was identified that He was the God to bring him out under the conditions that He'd promised to, the "I AM."

L-149 When they come to the borderland, Kadesh-barnea, the great mistake they made, when they got to the land and looked over into the promised land, they said, "We can't take it." What was the other ten? They looked at the circumstances, the prestige they would lose. "We are grasshoppers, to the side of them."

L-150 But Joshua and Caleb checked up. They went back to the Word, and the Lord said, "I give you this land! It's a good land, flowing with milk and honey." They didn't count what it looked like, what this was, and what this evidence was. God's Word said, "I give it to you! Go get it!" And they were the only ones that went in. [Numbers 13:27, 31, 33]

L-151 Oh, let us check the promises of God for today. That's right. Remember, we're in another exodus, a time; an exodus, this time, not into a promised land of the earth, but into the promised Land of Glory, where there is no return no more. Glory to God, we're going to be there! [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Will you do it, while we bow our heads?

L-152 I'm going to ask this question while every man and woman is still. What will you do with this Jesus called Christ? Will you accept Him? Will you take Him as your Saviour? Will you be a... Or, will you wash Him off your hands? Will you try to pass on, "Well, my--my creed doesn't say This," or, "my denomination doesn't believe It just like that"? It's right on your hands. You can't get away from It. What will you do with Jesus called Christ? His Blood is on your hands, since this week in the meeting. Let us pray.

L-153 Lord Jesus, help us just now in this hour. Let Thy grace and mercy be with us. Let this congregation see, Lord, that Thou art God, and there is none except Thee. Let the Power of God now, the Word, identify Itself, in this people, that it might be known that You are God, and I have told the Truth, Lord. I done it, this, at Your command; as Elijah said long ago, "I did this all at Your command." Grant, Lord, that'll be so, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min Now with your heads bowed, every one of you.

L-154 The Holy Spirit just stopped me, a few minutes ago, when I started praying. He said, "There is some here that don't know that yet." May God of Heaven leave you without anything, may He throw It right back in your lap today, then.

L-155 You sick people that's here. I've never done this at a Business Men's meeting. You sick people here, that believe God, and believe you have faith to touch His garment. And, remember, the Bible said, in Hebrews 4, "The Word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts that's in the heart." We all know that. Do you believe It? Will you pray?

L-156 Let not one person move from now on. Let everyone be real reverent, real quiet, real quiet. Pray. And may the Holy Ghost now lead us to what to do and what to say, for this crucial hour is here now against us.

L-157 Lord Jesus, it's in Your hands. I am in Your hands. I commit myself to You. Throw It back in their laps, Lord, put It right back. Sure, Your great Holy Spirit tells me here what's right and wrong. And I know this tape is going to meet many out there, and I pray that You'll let it be known today that I've told them the Truth, and I've been sent for this, like You said on the river that time when that Angel of the Lord stood there in that Pillar of Fire. Let it be known today that I have told the Truth, through Jesus Christ's Name. Amen.

L-158 Raise your heads now. Look this a way, and don't you doubt. God Almighty be the judge of us.

L-159 When Jesus Christ stood here on earth! When He died, He healed the sick, He saved the lost. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] But when He was here, how they knowed He was, because He was the Word. How many knows that to be true? ["Amen."] He was the Word, and the Word discerns the thoughts that's in the heart. Is that right? ["Amen."]

L-160 I can't see a person in this building, at this time, I know, except these pastors, and so forth, back here.

L-161 Or, maybe Brother Roberts is here, I'll just have him start a prayer line. Is Brother Roberts back in there? [Someone says, "No."--Ed.] He's not here. All right.

L-162 My ministry will do for this time. I challenge you, in the Name of Jesus Christ, to believe me, that I have told the Truth about the Word, and believe that what I've said to be the Truth. Will you do that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Let it be, Lord, let it be.

L-163 There is a man sitting right here. I want you to turn your eyes; can't you see that Light hanging there? There is a man sitting there, looking at me, praying. He is suffering with a lung trouble, and weakness. Don't miss it, sir. Mr. Carr, raise up and accept your healing. Jesus Christ makes you well. I never seen the man, in my life.

L-164 There's a man behind there, very fine, he was praying too. But what's the matter with that man, that man there has eye trouble. He has got a growth in his left side. His name is Mr. Bartlett. You believe! Is that right, sir? Am I a stranger to you? Wave your hand; we're all strangers. That's right. God bless you. Believe, you'll be healed. You believe!

L-165 What did you tell him that for? Do you believe me to be His prophet, sir? Yes, sir. You're suffering with a spiritual upset, a little upset in business and things. That's right. That's right. Mr. Clawson, do you believe with all your heart that Jesus will straightened it out for you? Is that your name? That's your place? All right, you can have what you asked for. Amen.

L-166 Somebody over here believe It, amen, somebody with genuine Holy Ghost faith.

L-167 Mrs. Waldroff, I see that. I, I know you. No, it isn't for you. It's for that baby, and that baby is your great-grandson. I never seen him, in my life. That's the truth. The baby is suffering with an eye trouble caused from an allergy he had. That's THUS SAITH THE LORD. You believe!

L-168 Lady, you're very sick. You're nervous, got a stomach trouble, almost in a nervous breakdown. Do you believe that God will heal you? Mary, believe with all your heart, and Jesus Christ will give you your desire. 64-0126, What Shall We Do With This Jesus Called Christ?, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 59 min He is on your lap!

L-169 Here is a little lady sitting here, praying, looking right at me, head's down. Raise up and look at me. Good person. You're not from here. You come from away from here, New York. But if you'll believe that Jesus Christ makes it well, He'll give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Do you believe that? Mrs. Bryan from New York, believe with all your heart, and you can receive the Holy Ghost right now.

L-170 It's in your lap, friends! Do you believe It, the Word making Itself manifest? Do you believe Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? I don't know these people. God is my Judge, I don't know these people. Jesus Christ knows them. What will you do with this anointed Word, as He said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man"? If this part is true, the Message that I preach is true. It's the Holy Ghost, Itself, doing Its Own interpreting, that It's right. Amen. Believe It with all your heart! Will you do it?

L-171 Stand up on your feet then and accept It, in the Name of Jesus Christ.

L-172 While the Holy Ghost is here, I want to lay hands upon these handkerchiefs here. Let's raise our hands to Christ.

L-173 Lord Jesus, we believe You. We know You're the Truth, the Light, the Word. I put my hands upon these handkerchiefs. I pray, Lord Jesus, that Your power will circle through this building and through these handkerchiefs, over these little coats and cloaks. And may the Holy Ghost come upon them, Lord. Grant it. And may they be healed, every one of them, for Thy Word is Truth. Grant it, Lord.

L-174 Now to every one in the congregation, what will you do with this Jesus called Christ? It's on your hand. Don't you let the people tell you... I mean the people on this tape, the people out here in the audience, what will you do with it today? Why don't you accept Him, every sick man in here? Every doubting man in here, every doubting woman, why don't you accept Him as your Saviour? You will never wash Him off your hand. Your creed will never take Him off. There is not enough Fuller's soap in the country to move It. Only one thing you can do, get Him in your heart! Amen. Will you accept It? Raise your hands then. And say... Give Him praise and glory.

L-175 Heavenly Father, they are Yours. Your Word is identified. The people are Yours. I commit them to You, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen.

L-176 Raise up your hands now and praise Him. And I commit Him to you, in Jesus Christ's Name. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ God Is His Own Interpreter
