################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 2025-04-27 Bro Wendall Martin "An Atmosphere That Brings Results" - Wendall Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   2025-04-27 Bro Wendall Martin "An Atmosphere That Brings Results"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khgqhcgwhuw
========================================

[Music] new. How can I express? Oh my gratitude. I can sing songs as I often do. But every song [Music] must do. Oh, so I threw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a [Music] hol and I know it's not fit for a king except for This heart singing [Music] hallelujah. So come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Lo, come on my soul. Now don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you got a lion inside of your lungs. So get up and praise your Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a [Music] hallelu. Lord, I know it's not much, but I've fit for a king except for my heart singing hallelu. [Music] Don't come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you got a lion of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Now come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion slide of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a [Music] [Music] halleluj for a king except for my heart singing holly hal. Hallelujah. [Music] Why throw up my hands and praise you again and again? [Music] is all that I have is a [Music] halleluj single hal. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. How sweet the sound. I was lost, but now I found a hopeless case. An empty place for [Music] grace. Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. The hopeless case if not for grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the [Music] sound. I once was lost. Thank God I'm found. A hopeless case. An empty place. Can we go down? [Music] You only [Music] know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case and empty place. if not for [Music] grace. And I will praise the Lord. Oh, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will. Oh, now I will praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, now I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. I will serve the Lord. Oh, tonight I will serve the Lord. Yes, I will. Oh, I will serve the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will serve. Can we sing? I will praise the Lord once again. Oh, tonight I Yes, I will. Oh, I will [Music] praise no matter what. No matter what tomorrow brings. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I will praise. Can we do it without music? I will praise the Lord. Oh, now I will praise the Lord with all my heart. I will praise the Lord no matter yes Lord what it had in store. I will praise the Lord. Is that your attitude tonight? Hallelujah. No matter what I go through, I will have a praise on my lips. Amen. I like to go to prayer if I may. And before I go to prayer, I have a quote I' like to read. This is from the inside man. It says, "Let the faith, if I get this up here, just meet that condition and it will be for thou hast said, as thou hast believed in thy heart, so shall it be." And I pray that you'll grant that tonight and make the whole atmosphere here, Lord, a creative atmosphere of one soul and one mind and one purpose. How many's prayer is that tonight says, "Grant it, Lord. Hear my prayer. I pray this that you'll grant it to us in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, thy beloved son." Amen. He continues on and says, "My heart so hungers to see that atmosphere." See, the atmosphere is what brings it. the atmosphere would bring if every person would get into one perfect harmony. Oh my, it would be settled. See, like the natural way for an egg to hatch is to put it under the hen and it will hatch because it is the atmosphere. It's it's warm. But you just wrap it in a blanket and keep it warm, it'll hatch anyway. Put it in an incubator and it'll hatch anyway. See, it's the atmosphere that brings the results. And he says, "If we can just get all of the doubt away from us here tonight, push everything out of the way." How about it tonight? I know we may be few in number, but if that's your prayer, say, "Lord, help me create that atmosphere here tonight." I believe God can move as he did this morning. Amen. Like to go to prayer and ask, brother Steve, if he would mind coming, we have a request from Brother Donald. He has a heart calf being put in on the 20th, possibly sooner. So, let's remember brother Donald and that God would either heal him completely before or or keep his hand on him through the surgery. And also a request from Brother Luke. He says he has a friend that's in need of prayer. So, let's remember that here tonight. Also from Sister Carol. This is Sister Thelma who is watching tonight. So, let's remember her. uh Trenton needs to surrender to the Lord and I have a testimony of a miracle. So, thank you for that. And are you want to tell the testimony? All right. I don't know where to start. I just can't contain myself right now. But this goes back to the teaching of brother window. When I first came to the Lord, I listened intently to everything that he said about prayer and our faith and everything. And one thing that always stuck with me is that I won't give Satan the glory by telling my problems and and and things that are bothering me or things that are come against me or whatever that I just give it to the Lord and give it with all my faith and that's how I operate my life. I I keep a lot of things to myself and I just put them before the Lord and um Satan's been fighting my family and myself a lot lately and I just didn't want to put it out there. I just wanted to um I I just go to toeto toe with him all the time. I say, "Satan, you're just ugly and you just you're a loser and you have no teeth and you have no claws and you have nothing and I hate you and I'm going to nail you to the floor of hell by the the very nails that you nail my Lord to the cross with." And don't you ever come back and you and your little imps and just That's how I talk to him every day. He's nothing. He's nothing. And that's how I treat him. He's nothing. Don't give him the glory by saying, "I hurt here and I I you know, I hate these people or I talk about them or whatever." Don't give him the glory that way. Give it give God the glory, but whatever you have. So, about a week or so ago, you'll remember I I put a prayer request in for my nephew that we had just found out that he was in intensive care in Minnesota. Nobody knew it and the family didn't know it. He when my sister died, he just went off on his own and started drinking and just doing everything that he could to not live in this world anymore. And and so we just been praying for him and and uh my sister called and said um they call her auntie mom because she took the place of my sister Sandy and that's Nupa. And uh she said you got to pray for JJ. She said his um he's been drinking a lot and she said his liver is failing and she said he's hanging on by a thread. He's we didn't know he was in intensive care and and uh in Minnesota and and she said we don't the family is just all beside themselves. They don't know what to do. And I said okay. I put it on the prayer request at church and I'm believing for a miracle for him. So, Friday she calls me and I was in Tulsa with Ruth and we were getting ready to go into um Burger Street, have a burger and as soon as I answered the phone, she was sobbing so hard and I thought, "Uhoh, something's happened." And uh I said, "What, Nupa? What? Tell me." And and she wouldn't she couldn't say anything. And I said, "Who is it?" Cuz her husband's in kind of in poor hell. And she said, "JJ." And I thought, "Uh oh, you know, he's gone." And uh she said, "The doctor called me and said that his liver is shutting down, his kidneys are shutting down, and his heart is having is having problems. He's filling up with fluid and everything." And she said, "They're moving him to Mayo Clinic." And she said, "To see what they can do for him. They've given him the last medicine that they could give him and everything." And uh she said, pray for him. And I and I said, "Okay, we're going to stop right here and now. We're going to pray." And I just went after the devil. I said, "You're alive." Just everything every name that I could call him. I said, "I'm standing toe-to-toe with you right now." And I'm looking you in the eye and I'm saying, "You let my family go. There's nothing that you can do to my family. There's no doubt. There's no fear. There's nothing that you can ever do to my family because I come a family of praying people." And I said, "We're children of God." And I stand up and I declare that today between for all heaven and earth and and hell that we are children of God. And I claim it right now. And Satan, you get away from him. You get away from that liver. You get away from his body. And you get away from my family. That doubt's not going to take hold. And today, we had a tremendous service this morning. I don't know about anybody else, but I'm about raptured out of here this morning. And I knew something powerful just happened. And I get home this afternoon and Sister Karen and they were over there and I was telling her about JJ and and I said, "I believe and and miracles and I I believe that something's going to happen for him." She just left and went out the door and and my phone rang and it was Newport. And she said she said they found a liver for JJ and I didn't even know he was on a transplant list. He wasn't. He was on his deathbed hanging on by a thread. And she said they found a liver for him. And she said they've got they're preparing him now for a liver transplant. And I thought, oh my god, what what else could we ask for? and and and we pray sometimes. I do in my hurriedness. I say, "Lord, you know, watch over my family and take care of them, you know, and and that's not praying. I'm sorry, but that's not praying." And and I just and I said, "Lord, forgive me for treating you so like it's insecure insecurity on my part, but forgive me for not praying and thanking you for the things that you're capable of in this world." And I said, "We call them miracles, but to you that's just answering prayer." And I said, "I thank you for that, Lord. And I and I promise you that my prayers are going to be I'm going to stop everything and I'm going to pray before and not just run and pray as I go, but stop and pray like I should. And I used to do that, but because of me and my wanting to help people and get going and busy, you know, I I don't do it anymore. But I thank God and I praise him today for that miracle. And I pray I claim JJ. I claim Trenton. I claim Delma. I claim all the ones that I stood in the gap for that are here today. You know, Caleb and Gideon, nobody in this town likes Gideon, but I kept saying he's going to serve the Lord one day. And you know, I pray Patrick sitting back there, you know, I I prayed for those people and they're here. It matters to God. Our prayers matter to God. So, let's pray more than we should, especially in this day and age. and I thank you for listening to me and I give God all the praise in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Did you enjoy that? Amen. I got one more request here before we turn it to brother Steve. It's from mom says, "Pray for the Pope family. My sister's mother-in-law passed away this morning. So, let's remember all of these needs." And again, Sister Carol, thank you for sharing that testimony this morning. Just shows that God does care and he's still an on time God. Amen. So, if you have a need upon your heart here this morning, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you. Let us pray. Lord, we come before you tonight with humble hearts. Lord, we thank you for your love for us. Lord, we come here in one accord, Lord, one spirit. Lord, I give you praise and thank you, Lord. You've heard the request tonight, Lord. You know each one, Lord, of what's even spoken out of what's written down or anything, Lord. Before the foundation of the world, you knew what would take place. Thank you for the testimony tonight, Lord. Now, you always hear our prayers, Lord. Lord, you know what matters to us matters to you. Thank you for that, Lord. Thank you for your blessings upon us. All that you do for us, Lord. Sometimes we forget to say thank you. But Lord, we just want you to know how much we do love you, Lord. Lord, you're so great. And we're just nothing, Lord, without you. We bless your name. As you anoint this service tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Whenever I can, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a [Music] sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For that name, name name of Jesus lifted me. Oh, wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For the name once again now, wherever, wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can, I'll praise him for his love. It surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up that holy name of Jesus. For the name name of Jesus lifted me. Well, the devil don't like no praising around here. Oh, the devil don't like no praising around here. here. Oh, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my mind. The devil don't like no praising around here. How about clapping? Well, now the devil don't like no clapping around here. Oh, the devil don't like no clapping around here. You see, I don't care what the devil don't [Music] like. The devil don't like no clapping around here singing. Well, now the devil don't like no singing around here. Well, the devil don't like no singing around here. You see, I don't care what the devil don't like. Devil don't like no singing around here. How about shouting? Well, now the devil don't like. No, he don't. Oh, the devil don't like no shouting around here. You see, I don't care what the devil don't like. Well, the devil don't like no shouting around here dancing. Well, now the devil don't like no dancing. Oh, the devil don't like you. See devil, I don't care. Well, I'm going to dance with all my might. Can we do clapping again? Well, now the devil don't like no [Music] clapping. Oh, the devil don't like no clapping around here. You see, I don't care. Oh, I'm going to clap with all my might. The devil don't like no clapping around here. [Music] Well, I've got victory over the enemy and the world can't do me no harm. Oh, I've got victory over the enemy and the world. Yeah. If you got victory, tell your neighbor about it tonight. Well, I've got victory over the enemy and the world can do me no harm. Well, I've got victory over the enemy and the world can do me no harm. Do we know that? No harm. Well, I've got victory. Do you know that part? No harm. The enemy got the world can do me no harm. Well, I've got victory over the enemy and the world can't do me no harm. I came in this evening with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I came in this evening with my mind. Stay on his word. I came in this evening with my mind. Oh, stay on Jesus. Hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] Well, I'm walking and talking with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I'm walking and talking with my mind. Stay on his word. Well, I'm walking and talking with my mind. Oh, stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I'm seeing it and shout it with my mind. Oh, stay on Jesus. I'm singing and shout with my mind. Stay on his word. I'm singing it and shouting with my mind. Oh, stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, there ain't no hard with mind. Brother Michael, you have a song tonight. Mind stay on his word. There ain't no harm with my mind. Oh, stay on Jesus. Hallelu. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Well, now there ain't no fear with my mind is stayed on Jesus. There ain't no fear when my mind is stayed on his word. There ain't no fear when my mind is stay on Jesus. Hallelu. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you now. [Music] [Music] number one. That surely be [Music] me. And I thought I could be what I wanted to be. And I thought I could build online sink and sand, but I can't even walk without you. hold in my [Music] hand. And Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. You see the mountains are too high and the valleyies do wide. put down on my knees. It's where I learn to stand. And I can't even walk without you holding my hand. You see, I thought that I'd done a whole lot on my own. And I thought I I'm surely making it all alone. And I thought of thought of myself as a mighty big man. But I can't even walk without you holding my hand. I know I can't even walk without you holding my hand. You see those mountains? They're so high and all of my valleyies are too wide. But down on my knees is where I learn to stand. And I can't even walk without you holding my hand. [Music] See, I thought that number one that it surely be me. And I thought I could be all I wanted to be. He and I thought I could build on this life seeking sand. But I can't even walk without you holding my hand. And Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. You see my mountains are so high and all of my valleyies are too wide. But down on my knees, it's where I learn to stand. And I can't even walk without you holding my [Music] hand. Amen. So glad for his hand here tonight. Amen. Amen. Can't we sing this as the man of God comes? That G. Though my words fall short, I got nothing [Music] new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these [Music] souls as I often do, but every soul bust in and you never [Music] do. So I throw up my hands, praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. Have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. I've got one response. How about it tonight? I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. Oh, I will worship you. Oh, so I throw up my hands. Praise you again and again. Thank you, Lord. All that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelu. And I know it's not much. Have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. Come on my soul. Oh and come on my soul. Don't you get [Music] Yeah. I'm lost inside your voice. [Music] So I'll throw up my hand praise. [Music] I know it's not a except for my heart [Music] singing. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Isn't he so wonderful here this evening? Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful that we can come with a joyful heart. Amen. Of praise and worship to him for truly he has been good to us. Salvation is his doing. He didn't have to do it. Amen. Well, I Yeah, I guess he did have to do it. Amen. He was so in love with you that he had to come down and and redeem you. Aren't you glad for that today? Amen. He so loves his people. Amen. That it caused him to leave his throne. Amen. To purchase redemption for you. I don't ever get tired of telling the story or preaching about the story. The whole thing is is is wrapped up in redemption. And I'm so thankful for that today. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we'll turn to the book of Matthew, the 14th chapter and the 34th verse. We're so glad to uh see everyone. The food was uh just awesome. We we sure enjoyed the food. And um Saman, would you run in there and get my hanky off my desk? Amen. Thank you, buddy. Um, so the fellowship was wonderful and um we're we appreciate our our wonderful sisters uh putting that together and and uh uh it I loved it. Amen. Let's look here in Matthew 14 and34. And when they were going over, they came into the land of Guanesseret. And when the man the men of that place had knowledge of him, they sent out into all the country roundabout, and brought unto him all that were diseased, and besought him, that they might only touch the hem of his garment. And as many as touched were made perfectly whole. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we just want to thank you today for your blessings. Thank you for Lord that your presence that we feel Lord we we sense a charge. The atmosphere Lord is charged with expectation and we thank you for that. Now Lord we know that you are the promise giver, the need supplier. And we come tonight Lord because we are wanting to partake of that grace that you have so graciously extolled to us. and we thank you for it, Lord. Now, Lord, we ask that you would be with us as we minister here tonight. Lord, help the hearer and the speaker in the name of the Lord Jesus. Can the church say amen and amen? God bless you. You can be seated, Simeon. If that's not in there, I it might not be in there. Praise the Lord. But um uh but that's okay. But if it's if if you don't see it in there. Amen. So I want to minister this this evening just to sort of uh go along with with my thought again this morning. An atmosphere I want to uh minister on at Well, thank you. Amen. An atmosphere that brings results and um Amen. As we talked about grace being accessed by faith. So Amen. We know that grace provided the the atonement in the wilderness. Grace provided the uh pillar of fire. Grace provided the prophet. Grace provided the the brazen serpent. Grace provided those things. But not all were partakers of that grace. Amen. because the scripture says there in in Hebrews 3 and Hebrews 4 of an evil heart of unbelief. And so we we want to make sure that our hearts are pure before God always. Always we want a pure heart before God. Amen. Now the effects of the word can only uh the the the when I say the effects I'm talking about the results of the word can only come by faith. Amen. And and faith is not mental. Faith is the heart. And so we we we look at these at at at uh what I've just said. The results of the word can only be brought to pass or can only be fulfilled by faith because they are divine promises. And because they are divine promises, amen, they must be divinely fulfilled. Amen. They were divinely thought, they were divinely inspired, they were divinely spoken, and it must be divinely fulfilled. So if we want the promises to be fulfilled in us, amen, or to us or through us, then we must come in that supernatural faith that comes from the new birth. Now this is important now and this is why Amen. You cannot you cannot be a Christian with mental faith. You cannot make the rapture with mental faith. Everything about God is supernatural. Now I I know it's easy for us to just set in and and and it is you only only God knows his sheep. Amen. That's why that's why brother Brandham says in every church. Amen. There's three kinds of believers. Amen. The believer makebeliever and the unbeliever. He says in every congregation has that. And we all sat and we all Amen. or we all Amen. But only only one group has life. Only one group has life. And so I want us to make sure that we ain't the other two. Always make sure God let me access that grace. Amen. And and so um and and and you know and and and for your information, Amen. I I I believe that this church is the exempt from that rule. I believe we're all the elect of God in this church. God don't send me serpent seed to preach to. But the but the statement was made time and time and time again by brother Brandham what he is saying. Don't get comfortable with your works. Don't get comfortable. Amen. Just paying your dues and saying, "I'm fine, preacher. Why are you preaching at me, man? Why? Hey, what? Come on. Get off me." Or whatever. Amen. is because we we feel like we've arrived. But those with the life of God in them cannot become stagnant. When they become stagnant, their desire is screaming out, "God, give me the life again. Renew me, revive me, strengthen me, get me back where I belong." Now if that if their life is not there you will you will be satisfied with works and it does not matter. Amen. The the stagnant life and so what we want is life. Somebody shout yes life. Now amen. Grace has already put the seed into your heart. Amen. It holds that mystery of life. So, the seed is already there. Every one of you boys and girls, amen, whether you've received the Holy Ghost, uh even if there's adults that are seeking for the Holy Ghost, that seed of life is laying on the inside of you right now. Amen. Now, amen. It holds that mystery of life, but but it must have an atmosphere to live and thrive by. Amen. And so that's the reason why that this that the church as a whole we must create an atmosphere for transformation. Amen. Your homes should have an atmosphere for transformation. And only a son and daughter of God can create that atmosphere because you are miniature sons of God. You have faith that only comes from God. And you can create an atmosphere in your home. You create an atmosphere right here in the church. Amen. There is a there is a godscent atmosphere or godscent expectation and a cry for more of God. You cannot come and fit in with the lukewarm leosia. When God says, Amen, that there is a lukewarm group. It's going to be a lukewarm church lessa that that that has everything. And when God is on the outside knocking and they don't even want to open the door because they are satisfied with their works, they're satisfied singing their songs about him. Why do we need Why do we need God? Amen. We're singing songs about him. We've got everything down to the tea. We've got everything we need. Why do we need the supernatural? But friends, I say, I would rather not know how to sing. I'd rather not know how to preach. I'd rather not have any, amen, any goodness about me. and have Jesus Christ in my church, in my home, in my life. I want to be satisfied with him and him alone. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Now, in order to create that atmosphere for that new birth, especially those of us who have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Remember, we're preparing that soil. Amen. And we're tilling the ground and and and you're removing the rocks. If you if you're seeking the Holy Ghost here here that tonight, I I I say till up the old ground. Remove all the rocks out of your life. Amen. Let the light shine in and water the seed with praise. How How do I do that? Well, Amen. When the presence of God is in the building, you sure don't sit there with a with an I don't care attitude. You sure don't sit there, Amen. and act like you could care less whether God comes your way or not. Amen. The way that you're going to get God is by creating that atmosphere. Hallelujah. Amen. Jesus could do no great works in his in the city because Amen. there was no faith, but yet he would go to places where there was in charge of an atmosphere and there were miracles and there were healings and and there were things. But the Bible says Jesus could do no great works in his own city because a prophet is without honor in his own community. Jesus the great healer that was raising the dead, healing the sick, doing all of those things and his own community because he was common to them because they knew where he was born. They knew his family. They they heard all of the stories and he becomes so common that they did not create an atmosphere that would well praise the Lord. Oh dear God, don't let me hear this so much that God becomes so common that I just Amen. I I He's just another guy to me. Lord, let there be an anticipation. Let me create an atmosphere. Let there be a charge. If the grace has been extended to me, then God, let me reach out somehow and touch your garment. Can you say amen? Amen. Got to teal that ground up for that for that seed to grow. Y'all heard y'all heard the or read there where Jesus talked about it. Amen. that that the word was sown. Then some was on rocky ground, some was on wayside ground, some was on a thorny ground. But then there was then there was that fourth ground that was good ground, ground, tilled up ground. It was ground that was fertile and the word could grow in that ground. God, let your word grow in my ground. Let your word grow in me. Can you say amen? Now, David says, "We're trees planted. We're trees planted by the rivers of water." There in there in Psalms one and one. Blessed is the man that walks not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of the sinners, nor sitth in the seat of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord. Now, he's he's showing he's showing the atmosphere that this man has, but his delight is in the law of the Lord. And in his law does he meditate day and night. You can't do that when you're on the internet all the time. You can't do that. Well, glory to God. You can't do that with hands folded. When you come to church, you can't do that. Amen. When the preachers preaching and you're just sitting there, Amen. and your mind is a mile away. Amen. That is not a tree that God's talking about. You've got to be planted. Planted by the rivers of water. You've got to you're meditating. What is medit? You know that word meditate actually? Amen. It it it means to to maul over and over. And you know what? You want to know what the example they give? Amen. They give the example of a cow. Hallelujah. Chewing the cud. Amen. They eat and eat and eat and they just sit there all day long and they're chewing the cud. They are they are they they are chewing the cud. That's what they're doing. Amen. But we're meditating. What are we doing when we are when we are taking God's word and we're muttering them and we're and and and we're and we're confessing them and we're thinking about them. Amen. It is it is a digesting. It is something that is within us. Amen. Meditating upon the laws of life. Meditating upon the goodness of God. Meditating upon the grace that was extended to me. Meditating. And you know what that does? That creates an atmosphere of expectation. I'm not a a serpent seed. I'm not the devil's child. I'm not a wannabe. I've been given a promise. I've been given authority. I'm going to stand upon his word. And what you're doing, you're creating a power right there in your situation. His delight is in the law of the Lord. And in his law does he meditate day and night. And he shall be like a tree that is planted by the rivers of water. And I love the way brother Brandham says rivers plural water singular. Rivers many of the blessings many bountiful that all comes from Jesus Christ. rivers, many blessings, bountiful rivers, amen, a sufficient supply, abundantly above all that you could think or ask. Amen. That's where those rivers are. Amen. And it comes from that living fountain, Jesus Christ, by grace. Now watch this man. Amen will bring forth his fruit in a season. Amen. And his leaf also shall not wither. And whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. There's an charge of faith. There's an atmosphere that is created. Amen. It's a generator because he's a son of God. And just as God is a creator, you are you are a miniature creator. You are you are generating supernatural power. You are generating supernatural life. You are generating Well, praise the Lord. Amen. How many times as brother Brandham talked about, Amen. were were these men uh uh Joshua didn't have to go and pray through? He already had the promise. He had been meditating upon that promise. God had already given him the charge through his word from Moses. Moses had already told him. Amen. Joshua, God is with you. God will keep you. God will be there with you. And when the enemy stood there, he didn't have to go pray and ask. Amen. If he was sufficient enough, he knew the word and all. Well, praise the Lord. And I just want to say, God, let me meditate upon your promise. God, let me meditate. I want to be a powerful Christian. I want this church to be a powerful church. And the only way it's going to do is by that atmosphere of faith down deep in your heart, not an excited preacher, an excited believer. Can you say amen? The atmosphere of faith comes from that new birth. Amen. As regenerated sons, daughters, you become a creator. Amen. You create the atmosphere for God to flow through you. The reason God created Adam, he needed a body that he could live and flow through. God created man to be the do the the the have dominion, the dominator. God created him for that. Amen. Adam was to rely upon that supernatural power of God within him. Hallelujah. He was created with a soul for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's what your prophet said. The Holy Ghost was to rule through him. Are you hearing me? Amen. So friends, when you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you are receiving the same power, the same authority that Adam had at the beginning. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Amen. I I I I love what what what brother Brandham says here. He says it's strange thing that how that people the type of people and what we do in our association. He says, "Now we have to face these facts that there is people that you just love to be around and there's people that's fine people and you love them, but yet there is something about that person, you just can't hardly stay around them." Amen. Now, we want to talk a fact. Now, but now the the reason that is is because the atmosphere that that individual himself herself create because you are a miniature creator. You are sons and daughters of God. No matter how far stoop you stooped in sin, you're still sons and daughters of God because you're fallen, degenerated in your soul and mind. But God is your creator. You're in your fallen estate. You're a lost, undone creation of God, dominated by the devil. That's right. But you're still sons and daughters of God. He was not willing that any of you should perish, but all come to repentance. And he's done everything that lays possible. For only God himself could do this to give the opportunities to the creature of his to accept and to be what he wants you to be back in your right estate again. Now, here it is. It's pretty sharp, but no person is in their right mental status until they have accepted the Lord Jesus. That's a deep word, but that's the truth. No person is mentally right until they have accepted Christ Jesus as personal savior. Amen. That that is true that he is the one he he in your created being. Amen. You'll be crazy to the world when you do that because you have to come out of the atmosphere you're in into this other atmosphere. Now, brother Random is telling us now you cannot be a Christian and and and and rule and reign with Christ even though you are a son. Amen. As long as you're in that chicken pin, as long as you are in the flesh, you are not going to rule and reign. You've got to come out of that atmosphere into that heavenly atmosphere. That means you got to quit judging things according to this and start judging things according to what God says. That means you've got to quit putting your own opinions to things and your own exclamation points and your own periods and your own commas. And it's time to just start believing what God says and trust in God or get out. Quit claiming to be a Christian and bringing a reproach on the name of God. Either be a son of God and rule and reign over the devil or just shut up with your testimony. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. Why? Because God's called you to reign. The grace of God is upon you. Put your faith to work. God ain't got no hot bed plans. Amen. Where everything has got to go your way. You're going to have to stand up, put your big boy clothes on. Big girl clothes on and be a son and daughter of God. Amen. Now watch. He says, you've got to come out of the atmosphere you're in into this other atmosphere. And when you do that, God lifts you right up from the world and you live in a heavenly atmosphere. Why would I keep fighting for this atmosphere when I could be fighting for a heavenly atmosphere? Why would I want to be fighting for this, fighting for rights here when I can fight for my rights in this one? Well, glory to God. Can you say amen? Then to the world, you're just as contrary as that is. Amen. That is contrary to the word. Amen. Now, you want to do is be lifted up in Christ, an atmosphere to where you're happy, you're peaceful, and then in there, you create a situation. Amen. So, you're, brother, you you're you're never going to be you. And and and and let me just put it this way. You'll never be uh uh uh it'll never be the holy church or the holy person or the holy preacher or the holy deacon or the holy uh whatever it might be. There there is no such thing as as as as a holy church. Amen. And and and you're you're never going to be this great holy person. Amen. You're only the now now the Catholic Church refers itself to the holy church. Amen. A and there is none absolutely zilch, none holy but God. But when you when you get high and lifted up and think that your holiness, Amen. your approach and your way that you've got it sufficient and you don't need God, you're no longer holy because God is the only one holy. That's the reason we walk in humility. Okay. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. You you you want to you you you want to be subject to this world. Amen. Then just just remove God and start thinking that you that you've got it all put together. Well, Wendle Martin, you're a good singer. Wendle Martin, you're a good preacher. Wendle Martin, you're a you're you're the pastor of Pony uh church. Wendle Martin, you're this. And when and before you know it, well, I don't need to pray. I don't need to fast. I don't need to study. I don't need to do anything. Amen. Wendle Martin just got the the world by the tail. The moment the Wendle Martin begins to think that way. Well, first of all, it's a telltale sign that Wendle Martin's been backsliding for a long time. If he ever reaches that place, he's been backsliding a long time. Can you say amen? But I want to tell you, I want God in my walk. I want God in my talk. I want God in my preaching. I want God in my singing. I want God in my testimony. I want God in me. I want him flowing through me. I want him living through me. I need God. He makes me holy. Can you say amen? These biles, vile bodies will always be bodies of decay. No matter how spiritual you are, Amen. No matter how spiritual we get, Brother Steve, we're still living in vile bodies. Can you say amen? There's no such thing as a holy mountain. There's no such thing as a holy person. Well, it may be sacred because God came on the mountain. And that's where Peter and where they get that. The Catholic Church gets that from. Amen. From where Peter says we were on the holy mountain. Well, the mountain isn't holy. Amen. The mountain was holy because Christ was on the mountain. The anointing was on the mountain and it sanctified the whole Well, can you say amen? The ground that Moses was standing on was holy because the pillar of fire was on the ground. And I want to say if I am ever anything, it'll be because the pillar of fire has made me who I am. Oh, glory to God. That means I want to access it. I want to come in faith. I want to come with a pure heart. I need him. I want him. I need that holy God in me. Hallelujah. You children don't get satisfied just sitting on those pews without knowing the Holy Ghost, without the power of God flowing and fluctuating through your life. Amen. Don't sit still when you know he's here. reach out and say, "I need you. I need you." Can you say, "Man, hallelujah." Amen. Do you love him? Now, Brother Brandon would say, "It's not the Holy Church. It's the Holy Spirit in the church that makes it holy. It's not the holy man. It's the Holy Spirit in the man that does it. Not a holy man. There's no such a thing. It's a Holy Spirit." Peter was referring to this holy mountain because a holy God met them when the mountain had become sacred sand. Can you say amen? Sacred sand. Oh, glory. Do you have that place where God met you? Do you have a place where you can say, "God met me there. God, touch me there. Do you have the place? You've got to have a place. Every one of us, whether you're raised in a pew like me or whether you came off the streets, you've got to have a place to where you can say, "God met me. God met me." And then you've got to be able to say, "And God is greater to me today than he was the day that he met me." Because no matter where I go, I'm not even in the same church I was. I I I was a Pentecostal, amen, when God touched me. Oh, glory to God. But I could say the same holy God, amen, that touched me when I was a kid, baptized me with the Holy Ghost when I was 12 years old is the same God that is with me today. And he's sanctifying me and keeping me in his will. That is what we want. That new birth. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. that new birth. Amen. It's got to be a fellowship. Not a not a fellowship of some creed, but fellowship in Christ by the power of the resurrection. That's the thing that brings life. It brings birth before a birth can come. We realize it has to have death before birth. Birth is a mass. I don't care what kind of a birth it is. If it's in a pig pin or or wherever it is, it's it's a mass. And so is the new birth. It makes you do things you ordinarily wouldn't think you would do. It makes you it when when when you you're ready to die to yourself, then you are go going to be born again. You then you are born again a new creature in Christ Jesus. Then things open up and life becomes a new sight to you because you've accepted the person of Jesus Christ, not the not not the doctrine of Jesus Christ, the person of Jesus Christ, not some theory or some creed even to even the written word. It's got to be quickened by the Holy Spirit. No matter how much theology you've got, it's laying there dead. I I could have a handful of wheat until it gets into the process to where it can be quickened. The wheat will never live. And that's what you y'all understand what the prophet is saying. You can have the wheat here in your hand, but that's not what it takes. It it'll that that seed will never bring expectation. That seed will never want to grow. That seed will never want to to become a great plant. That seed will will know nothing about it. But you put it in the ground. Hallelujah. And you let it die and it begins to and you water it and the sunlight comes and you're keeping the atmosphere. And then when that seed comes up, its desire is to clothe be a grow to the sun. Its desire is to produce wheat. Its Can you say amen? Hallelujah. Oh, do you love him? Now he says, "Now you can have doctor's degrees, PH LL's. You what? whatever you wish to, but until the Holy Spirit comes upon that and quickens it to you, as a personal experience with God, then the wheat does no good. Your learning is in vain. As this Englishman was saying the other night, I was so astonished at that learning, all the learning he had as Paul. He had to forget all that he knowed in order to find Christ and do the things that he thought he wouldn't do. And that's the same way God does. He humiliates us in our educational system. Not that I'm trying to support ignorance, but I'm trying to tell you the difference. Education cannot bring life. It takes the spirit of God to bring life. And life must not come out of an intellectual revival. It's got to come out of the Bible. Word revival. And that word is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And when it falls today, and quickens, you get the same results as they did in Acts two. Someone shout hallelujah. Well, what what did they get in Acts two? They were speaking in tongues. Came out as drunk men. Amen. under the power and the influence of the Holy Ghost. They were speaking in tongues and other men could hear them and understand them in their own languages. Amen. The power of God was all over. It quickened their mortal bodies. They would never more be the same. These cowards were hiding in that upper room. But when they came out, Amen. every one of them died a martyr's death. It didn't matter anymore. Why? Their thoughts was that of God's. Oh, when life is dreary and life is empty and life, amen, is just going through, amen, there's just trial after trial, won't you come back in and say, "God, renew me. Let the life start flowing again. Let the power of God come. I want joy unspeakable and full of glory. I want this." Well, praise the Lord. I said you can still rejoice in your trial. Amen. You can be like Stephen. Amen. as he's being stoned to death and he falls to the ground and he looks up. He sees the heavens opened up. He sees Christ standing there. Welcome. What can you say? Amen. I say it don't matter what the trial is. It don't matter what the circumstance is. Greater is he in that sea than he that is in that ground. Can you say amen? The ground can do whatever it wants to do. But all it can do is create an atmosphere. He says now exactly it's always been it. It always will because it's the spirit of God that conditions the atmosphere. It takes atmosphere to do things friends. That's the reason you men are always taught bring your children here. Well certainly that's right. I was glad to see my daughter Rebecca come in and sat down just a few minutes ago. Some of you seen me wink at a woman was my daughter. So she come in and sat down and I I want her to receive the baptism of the spirit and that's why she's here in here in the meeting and that's the purpose of it. It takes an atmosphere. Oh, can you say amen? He said people that profess to come areuh are too starchy. They they seem to just say, "Well, yes, I believe." That is intellectual conception. It won't work. You've got to be born again. And when you're born, there is an enthusiasm that rises with that new birth and sets the soul of fire and takes all the indifferences away and isms and comes straight to Calvary, recognizes Christ with a burning love and a zeal for the lost and the fallen world. Can you say amen? Amen. When we see ourselves in that. Well, glory to God. Remember the story I told y'all of my my little uncle Nathan, man. And and how that he would be forever more changed? Drugs and alcohol taking him at a young age. Amen. But that night when he called, there was desperation. Well, praise the Lord. And I like to think that it was because he had two nephews. I was older than him, so I can't say little nephews. Amen. But me and Sean, we were Amen. We were always Hallelujah. trying to light his fire. Amen. And telling him about the Lord and telling him, "Well, glory to God." Amen. He had he had a mom and dad now. He had he had oh had had the atmosphere around him. Even when he was out in the world, we just kept on telling him that you're a son of God. Amen. And that night when God filled him with the Holy Ghost. Y'all remember the story I was telling you? Amen. How he kept trying to get it and couldn't get it. He just so awkward. But that night, that night or that Sunday morning when he got it, he about scared the rest of us to death. But when he jumped up and said, "I got it, Wendle. I got it." Hallelujah. Oh yes. Amen. It wasn't but a week or two later, the Lord took him home at the age of 19. But he went with an expectation. He went Amen. with a with a joy in his heart and and and and and witnessing and winning souls to Calvary. Can you say amen? Amen. Oh yes. The baptism of the Holy Ghost set me on fire. Amen. When I received the Holy Ghost, it set me a fire. I couldn't be happy anymore. I had to tell somebody. I had to be out. Amen. Sharing the good news, praying for somebody. Amen. What was up there was there was something in my soul that was burning. And I and brothers, I just got to tell you, I might be getting a little older. And I don't jump as as high as I used to jump. And I can't preach like I used to preach, but I'll tell you one thing. I've still got something on the inside of me that is screaming out, I love you. I love you. Can you say amen? It's the life of God. It's not education. It's not that I've got my name on a book. It's not that I'm just a pastor. I have met God. It's because of that that it's created an expectation. That expectation is like the expectation of blind Barnameus. Life had been cruel to him. Life was so cruel. His mama would tell him Bible stories and she created that atmosphere. Brother Brandham says the key to his victory was that he had a mama. That little blind boy had a mama that would take the time and put the boy on his lap on her lap. Says, "Let me tell you about Jehovah and what God used to do and what we we've known God to do." And he would talk about Elijah and the widow woman and the little boy was going was going to die. how that the little boy how God sent a prophet and because mama was praying crying out and God heard her expectation and God sent her a prophet and how that God had already already told before the prophet even got to the woman before the woman even knew what was going on the prayer was already answered because God had already told him he dried the brook up and he says now the brook is dried up here Elijah I've got a woman in Zerapath that is going to feed you the rest of them of the famine. She didn't know anything, but because of the atmosphere, because of the expectation, because of the cry her she was still praying and asking, but it was already answered. Well, glory be to God. How many in this building here tonight could have the answer already answered? Amen. You're still praying. You don't know it. But the answer because you've kept the attitude of faith. You've kept an atmosphere around you. You have rebuked that evil dark spirit from your mind and your heart and your family. And you are dedicated. You're dedicated to one thing and that's the life of God staying in your heart. The life of God staying in your heart. The life of God staying in your church. You are dedicated to that in the name of the Lord. And I want to say, let this church be dedicated to the life, the life of God, the power of God. I will not I refuse to pet any devils. God's given me authority to stand my ground against the enemy. Do you believe it? He she'd also tell him the story about the woman that was given that was good to the man of God. And because of her kindness, God gave the boy, gave her a child. She'd never been able to have a child, but gave her a child in her old age. Amen. child grew he grew sick, got a headache and he come home and he's in my head and my head and dad sent him back to the house with his mom and he died in her arms. And she said, "But you know what, little Barnameus, you know what? That mama had already knew Jehovah was still alive. and she knew that God's prophet was just right up there at Mount Carmel. She said she went and talked to her husband and her husband gave her permission. He's got the servants and they saddled up the donkeys. They went to go with and and that mama had so much expectation. She said, "Don't you salute any man or woman. Don't you go anywhere else. You go straight to that prophet of God." And little And the man says, "Well, what what what did she do with the baby? Did she take him with him?" No. No. She laid that baby on the prophet's bed. Hallelujah. She was going to go get that prophet. And that prophet was going to raise her miracle, her miracle boy up. And so here she went up and the the prophet sends his staff and or he he says sends this servant and as he sees her coming up making a making a beline up that mountain. And so he sends a servant. Is all well with you? Yes. Yes. Yes. Is all well with your husband? Yes. Is all well with your child? And she says, all is well. Now get me to the man of God. All is well. Just as long as I can get to the life of God. Well, the Holy Ghost wasn't poured out then. The Amen. The the the but the power of God was represented in that prophet. Aren't you glad that today, Amen, our prophet may be gone, but the life of God is with every one of you through the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Get me to God. So he sends Elisha or he sends he sends the the the the servant with with a staff and say, "Go lay my staff on it." She goes, "Nope. Ain't going to work." "No, no." She grabbed that man of God's legs and she says, "I'm not leaving until you leave. You're going with me. I've got that baby down there in that bed." Oh, can you imagine little B Barnameus just just picturing this in his little mind? Amen. He says, "What happened, mama?" Oh, the prophet went down there. She had such expectation, had such a faith that she wasn't going to be turned down. Oh my. What happened next, mama? Amen. And here, man, she he comes over there and he lays on the child and nothing happens. And he gets back up. Amen. And he lays down on the child again and nothing happens. He goes, "What? What's happening?" Amen. Mama, did did he did he did he live? Oh, there was an atmosphere of faith that was charging that prophet. He wasn't going to give up because there was a mama who had faith outside that door that was believing God for a miracle. He laid on that child the seventh time and the child started started uh uh sneezing and amen he and he and and he woke up and he come back to life. Oh my. Now, Brother Brandham says that night, Amen. was going over and over and he was meditating and meditated and meditated. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Amen. And there he was that morning. There he was that morning on that Jericho road and he was thinking, "I wonder if that prophet Elijah ever came down this very road. I wonder if one of those Oh, if we could just have if we could just have if there was a prophet that could help me. I know that I could see." Ram said that night before was just really strange as he dreamed so many dreams about seeing again and these things and he it got him so that he showed up there late got got late to his begging spot on the side of the road. He says a nice little girl seen him there staggering. someone had got his spot. And so a little girl came over and led him to a little rock in the sun. Amen. And he says, "What's the noise, little girl?" She goes, "Oh, that's that's that's Jesus. He's coming." And oh, you begin to hear. He goes, "I don't guess I know Jesus." He says, "He's the Messiah." Says, "The Messiah?" And he's sitting there and he's thinking, "Mama told me of a Messiah. Mama's been a long time gone now. She's been gone for a long time. But mama told me that if the Messiah were to ever come, he would have the power to heal my eyes. And there were people laughing at Jesus, making fun of him. And they were going and the multitude was pressing. He goes, "What's happening?" He says, "Oh, there's many trying to get to Jesus and his disciples trying to keep him away." He says, "Is is this the Messiah?" The little girl says, "Yes." Mama says, "This is the Messiah." And all of a sudden, he raises up. Now, he didn't have they didn't have blind glasses back then. They they didn't have they they they had a blind a blind garment. He took that that that garment and threw it off. And he screamed at Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me. Jesus, thou son of David. and so much that the that the multitudes, Amen. Amen. the hundreds and hundreds and hundreds that were all around him, Amen. they they his scream came out above all of it and Jesus stopped. And if we put it this way, Brother Brandon says when Jesus stopped, it wasn't because he heard blind Barnameus's voice. It was because his faith was screaming out so loud that it touched that supernatural God on the inside of Jesus. And he stopped and he looked around. Well, give you to God. Amen. Jesus, this disciples, come on. Don't stop. You'll start. Oh, no. That wasn't going to happen. And he began to scream. And you know what? Y'all know what happened? Well, you know what happened? Jesus healed blind Barameus. He healed blind Barnameus. Yes, sir. Well, glory be to God. The atmosphere of expectation, the atmosphere. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. If you've heard Amen. I when you hear of stories about how God touched me. Amen. And and and how that the Holy Ghost used to fall and and and and people used to speak in tongues and and the presence of God was around and there was a supernatural God. You can know, you can have an assurance that God still does it today. And we still believe in that. We just don't believe it the way the Pentecostals believe it. We believe God is able to take any one of your vessels and it'll be the holy God in your being and that can use you and anoint you for his glory. Hallelujah. Now, there's one thing about it. God doesn't want us to be church members. That's just not the way it is. Go read the whole Bible and you will not find one place where God wanted us to be church members. Hallelujah. But you will find that where the spirit of God came into people, crazy things happened. Supernatural things happened. The glory of the Lord was upon the well. Praise the name of the Lord, brother. That's the kind of expect expectation that I have. Amen. Brother brother brother Brandham would say, "Amen." They're in blind Barnameus. He said, "And when we think when we think of God, when we begin to dream the dreams of being well, when we begin to dream dreams of being saved, when we get to thinking about our sins and how cruel it is before God, that's when he draws near. That's when these disciples brokenhearted going down the road to Emmas that Jesus stepped out of the bush and begin to talk with him. Why? While they were thinking on him. Now unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we would ask or think according to the power that workketh in us. God is a God of promises and his promises are yes and amen. There's no variableness to God. He doesn't change his mind. Numbers 23 and 19. God is not a man that he should lie. Somebody say, "God is not a man that he should lie. Neither is he the son of man that he should repent." God don't have to lie. God don't have to repent because he never makes mistakes. When God says, "I'm your healer." When God says that uh that that you that as many as received him received eternal life with God says, Amen. that the that the baptism of the Holy Ghost is for your children and your children's children and to as many as the Lord our God shall call or give grace to. Amen. These creates expectations within our hearts. We are in the last age. This is the rapturing time. We don't have too much time. And I want to tell no matter what you've got in your mind, what you desire, if you will have an attitude, an atmosphere, create an atmosphere of faith and will stand there before God and believe God, there is nothing that is impossible. Nothing is impossible. Can you say amen? You know what I want? I'm praying that God fills every one of our kids with a greater dose of the Holy Ghost than any of us have ever had. I'm praying that this last generation will be serpent bruisers. I'm praying that this last generation will be a generation full of power and anointing and authority. I pray this generation will pick up the battle and take us into the rapture. Hallelujah. That's the decree of God. God's done spoke it concerning you young people that there will be young men that'll sweep this message of the coming of the Lord. There's waves going on up here. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I'm just wanting to tell you that anointing that I've got on me is right there if you'll access it by faith. if you'll access it by faith. Grace is accessed by faith. Open the door of faith and let God come walking into your heart. Open the door of faith and let God show you who you are. Open your door. Oh, come on now. You are the bride. You are what God has ordained. You are the adopted son. You've been given the message role of the Holy Ghost. James 1:17, "Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom there is no variableness, neither of shallow, of turning, of his own will." Of his own will. Someone punch him and said, "That's so good." Just punch your neighbor and say, "That's so good." of his own will begat he us or birthed us with the word of truth. Wouldn't you begging? Wouldn't you pleading? Wouldn't you saying God of his own will he begat you with the word of truth that you should be we should be the first fruits of his creatures. Isaiah 55 and8 not going to hold you too much longer. Amen. Have I have I made my 40 minutes there Luke? Amen. For my I said 40 minutes and I'm out. I'm coming in and I'm going out. Amen. My thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways. My thoughts than your thoughts. For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returnneeth not thither, but waterth the earth, and make and maketh it, bring forth bud and and and give seed to the sewer, and bread to the heater, so shall my word that be that goeth forth out of my mouth, it shall not return unto me void. It shall accomplish what I please, and it shall prosper in the thing wherein to I have sent it. You shall go out with joy. This is your time to be shouting. You shall go out with joy and be led forth with peace, and the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and the trees of the field shall clap their hands. That's what God is declaring to his bride. My word's not coming to you void. I'm not sending it to you void. I'm not extending my grace void. My seed I've placed in your heart. I'm extending my grace. You have something in you that no one else can do. You can believe. You kids have something in you that other kids you can believe. You have you can receive the Holy Ghost. Others receiving the Holy Ghost, then it falls on their spirit, man. But you can receive the Holy Ghost all the way down to the soul, and it creates, oh yeah, it'll still make you act. It'll still make you speak in tongues like they speak in tonesues. It'll still make you prophesy like it makes them prophesy. It'll still It'll do all of those things. Hallelujah. But it's more than just a a few little gifts. It's the eternal life coming down and igniting the soul and making you a God man. Making you a God woman. Can you say amen? Amen. As I get ready to close now, without the promise there is no expectation. Somebody say, without the promise, there is no expectation. Without expectation, there is no preparation. Without the promise there is no expectation. Without expectation there is no preparation. Prayer doesn't mean much. Church doesn't mean much. But when you know that there's a promise of the Holy Ghost and when you know that God's prophets done told us that he has got a five-fold ministry that that is God's generals. Amen. And they are here with the anointing to preach the word unto you. Then you can come under a promise with an expectation and you can prepare. I don't care if it's a Wednesday night. I don't care if it's a Sunday night. I don't care. I don't care what what night it is. I don't care if it's a youth night. You can come to that meeting with an expectation and you can prepare. I I I I I told I you know I told the youth uh camp the uh you know of of Hannah, Amen, my my niece Hannah when she was a girl, Amen. want the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It just got so so much in her heart. She had to receive it. Amen. And she started fasting and praying the week before. Amen. She got there to camp. Amen. And she would come to those services and she would stay in that building all day long. Amen. And she was just in there praying. Amen. She would be the last one to leave at night, way at night. And it's because they were trying to get shut down the lights. Amen. She was there the first day, the second service, had six services. She's still not received it yet. Amen. And there she was. She's getting more desperate. more desperate, wanting the baptism of the Holy Ghost every time. Amen. We'd walk in. There she was. Shut peek in. There she was. There just calling out to God. I I'm preparing for it. Friends, you've got to prepare for it. You You But you got to expect. You're never going to prepare if you don't expect it. And you're not going to expect it. Amen. If you don't think the word is right, if God says your sons and daughters shall prophesy, and your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions. If you don't believe it, you're not going to prepare. But if you start expecting, if you start preparing, then God will give you an access into his grace. Can you say amen? She waited finally that last service, very last service, the glory of the Lord. All the other kids were all Sunday mornings a little hard for especially especially when you're at that sunrise service. You have to be there at church at 7 o'clock in the morning and you had you were in church you in that prayer line until 12:30 or 1. Amen. Those kids they were just ready to go home. Hallelujah. But she was anticipating. God, this is my last. I want to hear. I want to receive it. You know what happened? God filled her with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now, my sweet little Hannah is married to Amen. married to brother Zachary Wallace. Amen. the missionary evangelist. What was it? Oh, it was somebody holding God to his word. Somebody making preparation. Oh, come on now. If you want it, I don't remember what I done. I told you kids how I done it. I drove my mama so crazy. She'd come down and pray with me. I serious about it. She'd come down to the church and pray with me. She'd call up the women, some of the women at some of the prayer warriors. She'd get those faithful old ladies and they'd come around all praying with me. Amen. And I I I'd pray and pray. Amen. Oh, it took me oh my before I could just surrender and accept it. It was it it went it went for it went for two years, buddy. Amen. Before I could and and and and a lot of it was because there I still had my my Pentecostal ways. I I I I I I was expecting a certain feeling or I was expecting a certain thing. But I tell you what, God gave me that honor. God came down and honored my faith. He found he gave me something that I can look back on and say, "God touched me right there. God touched me right there. I have that experience." Aren't you glad that you kids can have that experience? God touched me. I remember when you were test when you came back and said, "God gave it." That's something that you can go back and say, "That was holy ground right there. That's when God come and touch me." Are y'all are y'all understanding? Amen. When that little something happens, why? It's a It's a It's the word that creates the expectation. It's the expectation that is creating preparation. Grace is there. The Lord let me want it more than I want anything of this world. Then the word becomes vision to you. Expectation. Well, bless the name of the Lord. Do you love him here tonight? An atmosphere. You know, an atmosphere brings results. We accept God's word right now. right now where you are where right now where you are. Accept God's word and release that faith. Swing that door wide open. Hallelujah. That door in heaven. This is a rapturing generation. Why can't we just go right on up into the heavenlies here today? Amen. God bless you. As the musicians would come. Hallelujah. We accept that word. We release all skepticism that's kicked out. All doubt squatchched. All sin put under the blood. Everything that needs to be repented of, we have repented of. We are sons of God. We are daughters of God. And you should have already made up in your mind that I am not those other two believers. I am the believer because there is something in me that is screaming for life. You're standing pure. You're standing virtuous. You're standing clean. You're standing faultless. [Music] because grace has provided the garments. Grace has provided the garments. Now again, I'm not talking I don't I don't believe in sleazy grace. I don't believe in this sleazy grace. Well, you turn grace into disgrace. Well, it don't matter what I do. Then that's a good sign that you ain't got it. I'm talking about a son of God who's had to receive the new birth. When you fall, it hurts. And when you're not pleasing to God, it hurts. I'm not talking about because everyone knows about you. I'm talking about when no one else knows about it. It's just you and God and your heart is standing there weeping before God. Say, "God, I'm sorry. I ask that you help me. Give me that grace to rise again." And you try me one more time. All right. Brother Brandham would say talked about the man that walked in applying for a job and he had his pencil with him and he was doing the interview there and the he filled out the work and boss the employer was looking over his paper and asked him to come in sitting there with his pencil [Music] I notice you got a pencil without an [Music] eraser. He said, "Yes, sir. That's right." Why would you have a pencil without any eraser? He said, "Well, I don't make mistakes. I'm that thorough. You can hire me. I I get the job right the first time. God pushes his chair away from the table and says, "Well, that ends this interview. I don't want a guy that thinks that he's right all the time. I want a guy with an eraser. I want a guy that is able to admit, I missed the mark." And then God refers to us. You know what God's eraser is? He's got blood. It doesn't take away our expectation. It doesn't take away It doesn't take away who we are. It's just It just shows that we're mortal and that we're not the holy one. But as long as I can keep the Holy One with me. Someone asked him, "So, Brother Brandon, what what does that mean? Do you do you believe that I can lose the Holy Ghost?" He says, "I don't I don't believe that you can lose your salvation, but he says, but I will tell you, let me put it like this. The Holy Spirit is like a dove that rests upon your shoulder. As long as you've got a meekness about you and a sweetness about you, that Holy Spirit is right there with you. But whenever you get flustered or you get he said that that little dove will fly off into the tree over yonder. Now I wasn't there. This is tabletop stories on this that I'm fixing to tell you. Brother Ken might have heard it too. They said, "Well, Brother Brandham was telling the story, a dove come and landed on Brother Brandham's shoulder. And as he was telling the story, telling it went up there and landed upon a tree limb." And Brother Brandham said, "Now that's I've not found that in the in the in the tape." So now, I'm not saying that that's true. I'm just saying that that's what someone who was there said something about. Amen. I wasn't there. Amen. But brother Brandham was saying it's not that you [Music] lose, it's that he's not there. He's not welcome. That's why That's why we repent. That's why we must repent. That's why we walk so softly. I don't care if I think that I'm the head honcho of the house. If I've said something that's wrong to my wife and I do it and I don't like doing it and I have to go tell her I'm wrong and I'm sorry for doing it. Why is that so important? Well, first of all, I love her. But most importantly, I don't want my attitudes or my words to displease him. That's the number one thing. But if I'm tearing down my wife, how How do you think that's going to be in her prayer time? If I'm telling her, "Well, how can you be a Christian and do this?" What What do you think she's going to have to fight when she's coming before the Lord? She's going to have to fight that cuz the devil's using my words, I'm her head. And in my fit of anger and I'm saying stuff to her that might be belittling to [Music] her that's causing a trial in her life. Well, God don't want me adding to her trial and God don't want me adding to your trial or you adding to mine. But we do fail. We do fail. [Music] But we're quick. I don't want the dove leaving. I don't want that. I don't want that glory leaving me. Abide with me. But you know what he said? When you repent, he says, "The little dove comes right back down, settles upon you, and he brings peace with him. He brings that right down. Can you say amen? Do you love him? Grace has provided it all. Grace thought about it all. Mary, it thought about it all. Grace provided it all to that journey. That that journey from Egypt through the wilderness to the It thought Grace thought about it all. provided the lamp, provided the pillar of fire, provided the prophet, provided provided the the the brazen altar, provided the the the the rock. The rock followed him around for crying out loud. That was a supernatural rock. It was provided by God. And then to know, sister Karen, that brother Brandham says everything you need in this journey is laying within you. He said from from from this journey from here to glory to rapture is laying within you right now. Well, glory to God. What an [Music] expectation. What a faith. Amen. What a faith. What what a love divine. What a what a what a blessing from God that he's given you [Music] tonight. I choose to accept [Music] it. If you ain't got that zeal in your heart, and I didn't get to I I sort of got sidetracked from all my message here tonight, but I think God preached what he wanted to preach. Hallelujah. But if that atmosphere is not in you and you don't have the ability to create that atmosphere, come to Jesus and let the Holy Spirit come upon you and ignite that seed within you. It'll override genetics. It'll override passions. It'll override everything else. It'll override it. You love it tonight. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. What are you What are you singing? Where would I be? I'm glad to see through eyes of love. A hopeless place. If not full, if not I be. How sweet the sound. [Music] I once was lost, but now I [Music] found the hopeless case. An empty place. If not, if not for grace, where would I be? You only know. I'm glad to see some [Music] of a hopeless kiss, an empty place if not for grace. Bless the Lord. [Music] Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Oh, great. When we honor you. Oh, we love you. Oh, we thank you for the divine promises. Thank you for the unmmerited favor. Thank you for the atmosphere of faith that was birthed within us. Thank you for it, Lord. Oh, thank you for it. We love you, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord Jesus. [Music] An empty place and hopeless gra. One more time. Amazing grace. Hallelujah. How sweet the sound. I once was lost but now I'm found. A whole case an empty place if not for grace. A hopeless [Music] case. an empty [Music] place if not for grace. I am expecting anticipating a move of God. A move of God. I am expecting and anticipating the move of God. [Music] Move. Power of God. [Music] Oh, tear down the walls that surround us as we give you [Music] praise Jesus. Oh power of God, my doors wide open, Lord. Oh, move it this way. All through the grace that surround us we give you praise. Oh yeah I am expecting anticipating the move of God. The move of God. Lord Jesus. I'm expecting I'm anticipating anticipating God. Oh, I'm movable. Powerful. Power of God. Yeah. Move in this place. [Music] tear down the walls that come out. So we give you praise. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh power of God. Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh, move in this place. I'm breaking down those chains right now to my praise. the chase that would bind us as we give you praise. Now, are you going to let these sermons on grace and praise and power and faith hold you back today? If there is somebody that needs to be breaking through those chains, I just beg of you in the name of the Lord, don't carry those chains out this building. I'm not here preaching good sermons. I'm not trying to find nice things to say. I come with a burden on my heart and I'm saying God is here to give grace if you're willing to step into it tonight. Ah, I don't believe it. We have to do voodoo or we have to we have to do anything. All we have to do is believe the words of God and say, "I am going to rise in that heavenly realm in the name of Jesus. I'm going to rise. I'm going to break past those clouds of unbelief and doom and Amen. A and and everything else unbelief that is trying to keep me down. I'm going to rise above it. Do you believe that here right now? I want us to say whoa. Power of God. I don't know how to do the wo wo wo thing. Move in this place. Oh yeah. Break down the walls that surround. Oh, we give you praise. Hallelujah. Oh, power of God. Power of God in this place. Move, move, move, move. Tear down the walls that surround us. We give you praise one more time. [Music] Yes. I'm expecting anticipating a move of God. Yes, Lord. Move of God. I'm expecting, anticipating move, a move of God. [Music] Oh, power of God. Oh, move in this place. I'm opening the door. Break all the chains that would bind us. We give you praise. [Music] Oh, power of God. Oh, move in this place. Move in this place. Move in this place. Break all the chains that surround us. We give you [Music] praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You love him. Oh, how wonderful he is today. How great are his promises to usward who believe. H just believe. Just believe. The power of God is within us. Everything we have need of in this journey from here to the rapture lays within you by divine grace. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Well, we are thankful to the Lord for his blessings and we're going to be I I'm going to be ministering in in Brother Sean's meeting and this week they're in they're in Pennsylvania, Virginia. Thank you. He's been out of he's been out of Pennsylvania for many years now. And uh [Music] So, um we coveret your prayers and u that the Lord would would be there in the meeting and I know there's a lot of work that goes in there and and uh so we're just we're just asking that you would help us pray. Help help me pray. My desire is to see the supernatural God. the line of preachers that they have there. I I I don't really fit in those c that that caliber. And but they keep asking me back and uh but if God would come and I I just I'm really seriously asking for y'all really help me pray. Amen. That God will just come really in a special way and and minister to hearts. If that happens, then the Lord will be pleased. I can be pleased as well. And so, um, uh, going to be here in good hands and got a wonderful lineup of preachers and and song leaders and and the Lord's the Lord's going to it's it's going to be wonderful, man. And uh and so uh I I I know I know the Lord's going to be right here. I have felt the presence of the Lord throughout the day today. Amen. And I felt I I even felt it in your praise this morning before even before I came out of both services. I could just feel the pulsation of faith, the people pulling and and you know, God just always comes in those kinds of atmospheres. And so we know that results are going to come from the meeting. Well, I would encourage you. I hate it. I'm not going to be here for the fundraiser. I just don't know how that all came about. I guess just the way the calendar worked this year. Um, man, it just bugged me that I'm not going to be here to help support because I just love being a part of whatever's happening around here. And I So, Brother Joe, I'm just apologizing right now. Amen. And uh but uh those who who uh can help, man, I know you'll be a blessing. And u and we want to pray for that, too. That the Lord would be uh would give us an increase and and that the Lord would bless. You know, Brother Joe's wanting he's been his his desire is to uh start selling uh smoking meat and selling and and I just you know, Brother Joe has has has smoked meat now for us for for our youth camp, for our fall meetings, for for for fundraisers for several years. I just I'm just my my desire is I'm just praying that God will bless him and give him the desire of his. Amen. And as as we know that he would give God the glory and the honor for that. And I'd like to see get his little his his little shack his rib shack or whatever you call that thing. RIP rib trailer and u I'd like to see the Lord just really bless that. So I just I just would you pray that let's just let's just pray that God's will be done in that and uh I know I would like to see that. We appreciate appreciate brother Joe. Um, is there anything else that we need to we need to say, brother Michael? Are we going to uh I mean I there's there's there's obviously going to be some more [Music] setup. Okay. [Music] Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And we'll have we'll have those the signs to put up around. Yeah. There'll be plenty of things to do. [Music] Yes. Yeah. Yeah. They're banners. So, but do you uh I mean we we then then that could happen as early as Thursday even. If that's starting on Friday, then we could do that on [Music] Thursday. Okay. [Music] Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay. All right. Yeah. I think that's I think that's a good idea. And and we do have the flags and things. I think brother Joe was was You were needing coolers, weren't you? Okay. Don't Yeah. Well, we we still have the big one. Just need some small ones. Yeah. Okay. And I'm from what I'm thinking, everything. Now, there's there's a lot of junk in there right now. Hopefully, you'll be able to get to that stuff. But uh junk good stuff in there. But there there's uh but everything that we used last year, I am pretty certain that we put that all back in there. Okay. Yes. Yes, that should all be there. Yeah. And then I think we've already got the the the Tposts. Um I think we've all I think we we've got stakes. Everything we need for flags and all of that should all be out there. Sister Carol Yeah, we we'd probably take it. We could probably take some, you know, even if we don't use it, it'd be nice to have it on standby just in case, you [Music] know. Okay. All right. Well, I think that that's that should be a really um I just pray God's blessings and give us good weather. I haven't looked at the weather, but it' be nice to have good weather and Okay. Uh I I can't think of anything else. Any anyone else have anything that we seemed like there was something else I needed to announce. [Music] All right. Praise the Lord. Well, God is good. Why don't we just Are you Are you just playing a tune or do you have a song? This world may press down and change my glad. I love these verses. God didn't say my life would be easy way. [Music] So when you knock me down, I am never going to wear a frown. [Music] I'll keep my head in the master's hand cuz one day it will all come to an end. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. I'm going to rise, rise, rise above it all. Going to spread my wings and fly away to heaven. Going to rise above it all. This world is so full of evil and the enemy is all around. [Music] Satan has tried so very very hard. He's tried to hold he's tried to hold me down. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I've got something within me. Yeah. That will help me make it through the rain. And when it gets tough, and when it gets slow, oh, I don't have to worry anymore. Oh, I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to rise. I'm going to rise. I'm going to rise above it all. I'm going to spread my wings. I'm going to fly my way. God bless you. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. Love you. I'm going to rise. Oh yeah. Rise again. Dismiss yourselves tonight. We love you. Press the battle. Pray with expectation. Listen to the message with expectation. Come to church with expectation. Amen. Oh, good to see you, Bella. I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise above it all. I'm going to rise. Rise. Rise above it all. Going to spread my wings. lie way
