################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-03 - Brother Jeffery Johnson "The Church" - Jeffery Johnson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-03
Title:   Brother Jeffery Johnson "The Church"
Speaker: Jeffery Johnson
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRaSx27kaWA
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Doing [Music] [Music] well. [Music] Yeah, [Music] doo. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] When God sees my hands raise, Oh, he comes down and inhabits my praise. God had done in my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. When everything has gone wrong. I've got my back to the wall. Oh, Satan's coming on strong. He really wants me to fall. He sends troubles my way. Oh, even sickness is part of his plan. By myself, I can't win. Oh, I'll just throw up my hands. Can we stand and sing it now? I'll just throw up my hands. hands and start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raised, oh, he comes down and inhabits my praise. God had done my plans. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Now when I'm faced with a trial, there's only two ways I can go. Wo! I can face it with a smile or let it bring me down low. Satan whispers, "You're through." [Music] Oh, but I hear Jesus. Just tell me to stand. What am I going to do? Oh, I'll just throw up my hands. Can you lift your hands? I'll just throw up my hands [Music] and start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raise, oh, he comes down and inhabits my praise. God of thine and my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hand. Sing it again now. I'll just throw up my hands and start praising the Lord. Oh, I won't give up cuz I stand [Applause] on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raised, oh, he comes down and inhabits our praise. Got a dynamite plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. Did you come to praise the Lord? Amen. Brother Amos, if you would invite the Lord's presence. Thank you for the opportunity to be here God tonight with us Lord. We thank you for the strength, grace, mercy, Lord, everything blessed with service tonight. We ask your blessing over the service. May you meet us in this time of worship. Amen. The battle's not mine. Say, "Little David, Lord, it is thine. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you, Lord. I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see. There sure really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Oh, the guns are mine. Saith little David, Lord, it's thine. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you, Lord, cuz I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see. Oh, that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Oh, little David, oh, so small. Oh, the giant stood so tall. Oh, the odds were just too high for little David. Oh, so he shook off all his foes. Oh, with the power of God, he was clothed. Oh, the battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord, it's thine. Oh, the battle's not mine. saith little David, Lord, it's done. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you, Lord, cuz I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see. Oh, that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Now, little David, unafraid. Oh, before the giant he stood that day. Oh, it seemed to be the end for Oh, but like the lion and the bear he slew. Lord, that giant would come down to. Oh, the battle's not mine. I give it to you. Lord, it's thine. Sing it with all your heart. Oh, the battle's not mine. Saith David. [Music] Lord, I knew not what. And I'm so glad you let me see that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Now, little David, he stood tall. Oh, that giant he stood so small. Sweet victory had reigned for little David for he gave the battle to one. Oh that believed in getting things done. Oh the battle's not mine. I give it to you. Lord, it's thine. And how many Davids do we have? Oh, the battle's not mine. Oh, saith little David. Lord, it's thine. I'm in your favor. I give it all to you. Oh, I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see. Oh, that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Sing it again as they come for the offering. The battle's not mine. Saith little David, I'm in your favor. I give it all to you. Oh, I knew not what to do. And I'm so glad you let me see. Oh, that you're really all that I need. The battle's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. It's thine. Amen. Brother Joe, [Music] you are not a God created by human hands. You are not a god dependent on any mortal man. You are not a god in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Sing it again now. Oh, you are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God dependent on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Oh, for you are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, for you are God alone. And you're the only God whose power none can contend. And you're the only God whose name and praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. For you are God. That's just the way it is. And you are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, and you are God alone. And right now, in the good times and bad, Lord, you are around your throne. Oh, and you are God alone. You're unshakeable. You're unshakable. You're unstoppable, Lord. That's what you are. [Music] You're unchangeable, [Music] Lord. You're unshakable. You're unstoppable, Lord. That's what you are. And you are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. Oh, and right now in the good times and bad, Lord, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. For you are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, and you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. He's still on the throne tonight. Amen. As we go into a word of prayer. Amen. We've got a couple written prayer requests we want to make known. Amen. First of all, we want to remember the uh brother Mark's cousin. Uh their son there. Uh we prayed for him last Sunday, but he had that four-wheeler accident and uh he's still in the hospital. He still hasn't uh woken up yet. So, let's just keep him in our prayers. Also, uh, Brother Branson put in a couple requests. Uh, says, "Please pray for Emily. She is 24, uh, years old and has been diagnosed with a paralyzed stomach. Uh, can only digest liquids and baby food. And also a 20-year-old, uh, 21-year-old girl from Christiansburg here had a FedEx truck head on uh, there in pilot and is an ICU with swelling on the brain." Amen. So, let's just keep uh these two young ladies in our prayers tonight. Amen. We serve a God that's that's bigger than all these problems. Amen. Amen. Maybe we could u ask uh Brother Judah if he would come and lead us tonight. We want to uh remember the man of God as he comes and brings forth the word that the Lord would just speak to our hearts. Amen. And give him strength. How many has an unspoken request? But lift your hands. Amen. The Lord sees every need tonight. Amen. Let's bow our heads tonight. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we come to you, Lord. Just thankful that we can come again, Lord, and gather under your house, Lord, to worship you, Father. Lord, you see the needs that were brought before us tonight, Lord. We ask that you just come down and move on mighty scene, Lord, and just touch each life, Lord. If the si uh ladies that was hit, Lord, and uh that's in the hospital, Father, if they don't know you, Lord, just make yourself known to them, Father. Each hand that was raised tonight, Lord, you know the need, Father, and we ask that you just come down and meet tonight. We love you. We thank you, Father, for all your blessings. Amen. You are on your throne, Lord, and you are God alone. You're unchangeable. You're unshakable. You're unstoppable. Lord, that's what you are. You're unchangeable. You're unshakable. You're unstoppable. Lord, that's what you are. For you are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. Sister Mindy, do you have a song for us? God alone and right now in the good times and bad. Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, and you are God. Sing it again. You can be seated. For you are God alone from before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, Lord, you are on your throne. You are God alone. You're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name and praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God. That's just the way it is. For you are God alone. From before time began. Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, Lord, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. Amen. Do you believe he's God alone tonight? Amen. Seek ye first the kingom of God and his rightuousness [Music] and all these things shall be added unto you. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Ask and it shall be given unto you. Seek and he shall find. Knock and it shall be open unto you. Amen. Hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Holy. [Music] Holy, [Music] holy, [Music] hallelujah. [Music] He first the king come of God [Music] and his rightuousness [Music] and all these things shall be added unto you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word [Music] and all these things shall be added unto you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Holy. [Music] Holy, [Music] hallelu, hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Did you enjoy that tonight? Amen. [Music] Princes and poppers, sons and daughters, kneel at the throne of grace. losers and winners, the saints and sinners. One day we'll see his face and we all bow down. [Applause] Kings will surrender their crowns [Music] and worship [Applause] [Music] Jesus. For he is the love, the unfailing love. He is the laugh of God. All mass and winner, the mountains and the rivers whisper the same pure name. Oh, [Applause] he wasome and he's holy. He's a friend to the lonely forever. His love will rain and we all bow down. Oh, kings will surrender their crowns and worship [Music] Jesus. For he is that love, unfailing love. [Music] Oh, he is the love of God. Second verse. As we stand to our feet, oh summer and winter, the mountains and the rivers they whisper the same pure name. Oh yes, he's awesome and he's holy. He's a friend to the lonely forever. His love will rain and we all bow down. Oh, kings will surrender their crowns [Music] and worship [Music] Jesus. Oh, we'll worship [Music] Jesus. Yes, we'll worship Jesus for he is the love, the unfailing love. He is the love of God. Amen. Well, aren't you glad that you have an opportunity to worship the Lord? Amen. We could be somewhere else and and uh not knowing God in the way that we know him and um but God by his grace has um made it himself known to us and I'm so glad for that. I tell you what, it's good to serve the Lord. I uh wouldn't want it any other way. And I'm glad that um I'm He chose me for this age. Amen. And to be able to believe the the greatest message that's come up on the earth. Amen. It's a message that's going to get us in a rapture, getting us ready for rapture, that's called us together, and we're so glad for that. Amen. Well, how many loves the Lord? Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, glad glad you love him. Amen. And um we um have a uh guest minister here this evening, um Brother Jeffrey Johnson. Um I'm going to say he's from Ghana, uh Africa, uh but he'll correct me on that if I'm wrong. And um uh I've got to met Brother Jeffrey. Um it's been a few years back and um just really appreciated his uh spirit and love for the Lord and for this message. And he is um he travels or he pastors a church, but he also establishes churches and uh just all around the uh the the I guess different parts in Africa. And uh he has faced many many um things uh dangers and uh you know it's telling me today you know that uh he had he had gotten sick and and deathly sick and um the uh he went from doctor to doctor to doctor and they couldn't find out what was wrong with him and and he he realized he says I know what's wrong with me and u The Lord had showed him that that witch doctors from a a village that he had witnessed to had cast something on him. And um uh they him and his wife both just started praying and and just trying to get a hold of God. And um you know he he actually he started coughing and he he said he fell back in his bed and his wife said there was no pulse. there was nothing there. And she just began to weep and just began to get a hold of God and and um he said he come to and wondering why his wife, you know, was over him or or crying and and anyway, he said from that day on the sickness left and God just uh spared his life and and so he has he has weathered many things, faced many challenges and bringing the message uh to the people there in Africa. And uh but we're we're glad to have him tonight. And and so um uh we just pray that God will break the the language barrier to where we can understand clearly and uh God just give him the liberty uh to preach what's on his heart. Amen. And so we invite uh Brother Jeffrey to come and um let's just sing this song. Um, maybe a little faster song. I'll fly away. Amen. Oh, some some glad morning. When this life is over, I'll fly away [Music] to a home on God's celestial shore. I fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. I fly away. Oh, I cannot die. Halleluah. By and by, I'm going to fly away. Well, when the shadows of this life have grown, I fly away [Music] like a bird from prison. Bars have flown. I fly away. Sing it now. Yes. I fly away. Oh, glory. I fly away in the morning. I cannot die. Hallelujah. By and by, I [Music] Oh, sing that third verse now. Just a few more weary days. And then church, we are going to fly away to a land where joy shall never end. How fly away. Sing it loud. Yes, I fly away. Oh, glory. We appreciate you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Shall we ben our heads as we close our eyes for a word of prayer. How our most holy father, how we love you with all our heart. And what a joy to know that we are yours and to be privileged to be counted among the redeemed. Yes. Purchase possession by the blood of the lamb. We are so grateful. We say blessed be thy holy name. Thou is rich in mercy and have paid us all and have wrought this great work of salvation upon our life. And once again by your grace you have brought us for a fellowship with you under your shed blood to feasting in those things that are revealed to us in these last days. For you said in your word, the secret things belongs unto the Lord, but those things that are revealed belongs unto the children. We are yours. And we come with our heart humbly bow with earless expectation to hear from you. May you come take control for I cannot do without you. I'm trusting on your unmmeritable grace to come, oh God, mount this pulpit and minister to your people that tonight once again we will all be blessed and your people will hear from their Let it be for I'm going out of the way decreasing for we must decrease for you to increase. Have mercy upon our unbelief and once again, oh God, increase our faith by the power of the Holy Ghost as we stand upon your word of promises unfailing. Father, we take authority over every spirit of hell that doesn't work for your good, doesn't work for your purpose of our gathering tonight. We bring their manipulation and forces to captivity under our control. Father, we push out every presence of hell in the name of Jesus Christ that the Holy Ghost take control fill every soul, body and spirit just like it was in the house of Colinius. So let it be Lord while your word will be coming out. Let the Holy Ghost fill this place. Bless us like never before. We wait on you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You love the Lord. Let's give a clap offering to the Lord Jesus Christ. God bless you or richly. You may be seated. It's nice to be in the house of God. Amen. and a great privilege to be in the midst of the bride in this part of the world. Hallelujah. The prophet said the greatest thing privilege that God will give to his servant his servant is to speak to the bride. Amen. So I count it a privilege to be here this night and I want to appreciate brother Shan who have given me this great privilege to speak to the bride of the lord me I'm not good in expressing and explaining myself but I just want to say God bless you brother Sean and I bring greetings from my church back at home and my little family. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. And without wasting our time because time is always our enemy, let's quickly go to the scripture reading. Hallelujah. You love the Lord. Let's give a clap offering to the Lord Jesus Christ. The Lord is good. The Lord is good. All the time is good. We bless the holy name of our savior. So we are going to read from kind of a lengthy scripture. Ephesians chapter 2 1-13. Ephesians 2 1-13. Let's be on our feet as we respect in honor of the reason of the word of God. The word of God is our national anthem. We pledge allegiance to it. Yes. And when you are singing the national anthem, you must have respect and regard for your country and you be on your feet. And that's why we always be on our feet in respect. So Ephesians chapter 2 from verse 1 to13 I'm not a English good English speakaking man because I'm not though I'm born in English country I'm not born in English man so we all learn English so I want you to be patient with me and uh pray with me uh I'm not going to say something different. We are going to speak the same language even if my English expression is not good but because of the revelation of where we come from I think we understand. So be in the spirit and I think God will help us tonight. Hallelujah. In the book of Ephesians chapter one I will need tissue. We need a tissue. Okay. Sorry. Thank you. God bless you, sir. We need it. Ephesians chapter one. Ephesians chapter 2 rather from verse 1 to3. And you had he quickened who were dead in trespass and sin. wherein in time past ye walk according to the curse of this world, according to the prince of the power of the head, the spirit that now workth in the children of disobedience, among whom also we all had our conversation in time us in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desire of the flesh and of the mind. And we by nature the children of wrath, even as others, but God who is rich in mercy, for his great love where he love. Amen. Amen. I love that. Even when we were dead in sin, had he quickened us together with Christ, by grace ye are safe. Can you say amen to that? And had raising us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. What a place. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. What a privileged position. Amen. What a position full of authority. Amen. Sure. What a a position that cannot be questioned. That's right. Thank you, Jesus. May God help us. Hallelujah. Amen. and had raisen us up together. Verse six, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, that in the age to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in the kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. Amen. Amen. For by grace are ye saved through faith, and that not of yourself. It is the gift of God. Hallelujah. Not of work, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship. Yes. Hallelujah. Created in Christ Jesus unto good works. Yes. a different species that the Bible called a peculiar people. Hallelujah. A holy priesthood. Yeah. A special species. Amen. We are different kinds. We are a specially made built for a special purpose. All right. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's continue to read on. Where are we? It's like a jump a little bit. Verse 10. Okay. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God had before ordained that we should work in them. Wherefore remember that ye were I'm sorry I come again. Wherefore remember that ye being in temperass Gentiles in the flesh. You see that? Who are called uncircumcised by that that which is called the circumcision in the flesh made by hands. That's right. that at the time at that time we were without Christ. Amen. Being alien from the commonwealth of Israel and stranger from the covenant of the promise has no hope having no hope and without God in this world. What a place horrible. But now in Christ Jesus, ye who sometime were far off, that's right, are made near by the blood of Christ. Amen. May God have mercy and bless the reading of his word in Jesus name. You may be seated for a while. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I love that. I want to talk about something simple, something that we are used to and common among Christian and believers. Amen. I want to talk about church. The church. Amen. Now the church in the Greek word it means ecclesia. Amen. Ecclesia. Yes. Okay. and Ecclesia we spell E K L E S I A right I'm not good in writing in the B so I don't want to so you follow me and God will help us to understand Hallelujah and in the spelling we have we have e that ek means in the Greek word art of or out from and the rest of the spelling which come by the word calio it means to call or to summon. Hallelujah. So the invisible church means the called out once. Hallelujah. And we when we go into the dictionary to express it better, the word Ecclesiast, the dictionary said is often translated as church in English. Is that right? primarily means assembly or a gathering. Now that is in the natural. So he's going to he's also going to explain it deep in the spiritual. Hallelujah. All right. In classical Greek, it referred to a political assembly of citizens called out for a public deliberation. Amen. Amen. A political assemblies of citizen of a nation of a kingdom. Hallelujah. Yes. Called out, selected, chosen for public deliberation. A public assembly. Hallelujah. A public example. Rather I said assembly. Sorry to say that. A public example. In the natural part, we are made called to be a public example because the scripture said we are strangers and prim. We are not of this world. We are from God going back to God. Yes. So our journey in life is returning. Yeah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So we are made called to be a public example because Jesus said we are strangers and pilgrim. Yes. And he was praying for the bride. He said, "Father, I would not that you take them from this world because I call them, I choose them and ordain them for a certain purpose in this world." So don't take them out because they have to declare and fulfill and manifest the purpose why I have ordained them for it. [Music] And it's going to be a public showdown. Therefore, he said you are a light that is placed on the mountain. Right? The light placed on the mountain is not for it's not a secret issues. It is a public. Hallelujah. You are a light placed on the mountain to give light to the world. So looking at this definition he said a political assembly of citizen called out for a public deliberation. Yes. Hallelujah. So the life of the cordat the the bride is a public showdown. Therefore Jesus said you are the light of the world. Let your life so shine. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. Praise the Lord. That men will see. Is that public? Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. That they will glorify your father. So, the message of the hour is not a is not a a a a a a believer's affair. No, it's not a member of the church. Hallelujah. The message of the hour. The prophet said, "We doesn't come together to talk about the message." Right. But we come together to live the message. Amen. Right. It's a light that must shine forth. And it must not be only when we are in church. That's right. Amen. And we can dress well, appear well, talk like a Christian. Oh, pastor. Oh, this. Oh, God bless your soul. No. It is something that must be in the public declaration. [Music] Come on now. Hallelujah. It is something because Jesus said a light is not made to be kept under the bush. That's right. It is made to give light to the public. So you are the light. That's right. As the Bible said, we are the perfect work of God made manifest. manifest to give light to this world. Therefore, the prophet said the bride is the solution to this world. Amen. We had the solution. Sure. Amen. We have the answer because the capstone intelligent has come. Amen. The capstone ministry have come to cap our mind, our intelligence. That's right. With the great intelligent of the omnipotent one. Amen. Amen. So we have what it takes to determine what is good for this world and what is not good. When science produce and manufacture, we can look at it and we can determine we can tell it whether it will be good or it won't be good. Amen. So we are not people who are carried about the fashions and the things that is made in the world. Right? We are the people who are ordained to examine hallelujah. Amen. what is right and what is supposed to be accepted and what is not. That is what it takes to be a bride. And that is what the definition is expressing a public deliberation in the septuagent. The Greek translation of the Hebrew Bible, it translated the Hebrew word meaning assembly or congregation. Yeah. Now in the New Testament, Ecclesiast is used to describe both a local and a universal gathering. Yeah. both the local church and the universal body of the Lord. All right. Hallelujah. A uni a local and universal believers in Christ. Now that signifies a body of people. Amen. Amen. Called out by God. Amen. To be in relationship. That's right. With him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes. And only him and one another. Yes. Because your proof to be in him. Amen. have to be your love for one another. So even the English dictionary express it up to that to prove that you are in Christ. You have to be your attitude towards one another. You have to be your love towards one another. May God help us. Amen. May God help us. And that bring us to 2 Corinthians chapter 5:E1 17. Praise the Lord. Amen. 2 Corinthians 5:17 says, "Therefore is therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creation." Yes. Old things have passed away. Behold, all things are become new. Yes. Hallelujah. our old nature, our old life, our old thinking and our old tradition. Yes. Come on now. Preach. When you are a church of the living God, it means you are called out of that. Amen. To a new creation. That's right. to become a new creation. Therefore, Paul said in the book of Romans chapter 6, can we continue in sin in an unbelieving attitude that the grace of our rebirth will remain. Amen. And fulfill it cost in our life is a question he throws to the believer. Say, can we continue in it? Because there is a grace given to us to fulfill the purpose of our calling. Therefore, Paul said, "Walk out your salvation." But it's not by your might or by your power or by man's ability or human ability as the prophet said, "But by my spirit, says the Lord." Amen. That's the grace. That's the anointing. That's the power. Amen. And Paul is asking us, can we go otherwise in sin and that grace will back us and accomplish God purpose? Say no sir. Say no. Because there is a evidence of your call that you are called. You must prove that you are saved. Yes. To be saved is not a secret thing. It is not what you tell people. That's why the prophet said, "Don't leave me the gospel. Don't don't speak preach me the gospel. Leave me the gospel." Amen. And Paul went further. He said, "How can we that are baptized into Christ and live any longer there in in the past?" You was once dead in sin and trespasses. The scripture say, "Had he quickened, praise the Lord. From the dead works, that's right, dead of this world." Filthiness of this world. Yeah. corruptions, defiling, of this world. Paul said, "How can you live any longer therein?" He said, "We are supposed to know better." Therefore, he went further to say, "Know you not that in as much of those that are baptized in Jesus name, have baptized into his death. Yes. Meaning we are dead to our old conscience. We are dead. That's right. To our old man. We are dead to this body. Therefore, brother Brown said, "My biggest problem is brother." Yeah. He said how can we don't you know that in as much of us that are baptized into Jesus name not those we are not talking about father God the father god the son go the holy ghost no those people they are not in this category I'm talking about I'm talking about the category that Paul is declaring here in as much of us are baptized in Jesus name we are bapt We are we are we are buried with him by baptism. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Death to the old works and we are raising up with him. Amen. Like as if he like as is he was raising up by the glory the power of the father. So also we we are coming in his likeness. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Raise it up to walk in newness of life. Praise the Lord. That's what is ordained to our part. Amen. Call out to declare Christ. Amen. Call out to show that Jesus is alive. That's right. Cut out. Amen. to declare that Christ is the only solution. Call out. Amen. To wave the name of Jesus as a banner over the sick. Amen. Over the afflicted. That's right. Can you say amen? Amen. to wave the name of Jesus as a banner over the situation of the people. Yes. Over the sickness, over the situation, declaring that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's right. For he was bruised for our iniquity. Yes, sir. His chastisement of our beast was upon him and with his stripe we are healed. Take the name of Jesus shine of sorrow and of war. Wave it over your situation. Glory as a banner of grace as a banner of victory as a banner of solution as a banner of result to every situation you find yourself. Thank you Jesus. Amen. May God help us. Amen. May God help us. Give us this courage to this course we are ordained to. Amen. In this last day, he light. Yes. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And therefore again the book of Romans chapter 1 verse 8 verse1 said there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ. Amen. Yes sir. Can you say amen to that? Amen. Who what you see I always love the expression of the scripture. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead. tells you that's God talking. Amen. And that shows that God knows every heart of every man. So he place it in a sentence that you will read between the line and know what he's talking about. Yes sir. Yes sir. There is therefore no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. He didn't end up there. He say who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. So there are those that are in Christ Jesus that are still working after the flesh. That's right. That will be working after the flesh. Praise. And there will be a particular species specially built, ordained for his purpose that we walk in the spirit. Amen. And the brother said, "Did you see and read that scripture very well? Open your eyes." Yeah. He said those that are in Christ. That's right. Not those that believe Christ. When you believe, you must go further. Right? Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? Not before you believe. That's right. No, you have to go further. To believe is not sufficient. You must go further. Can you say amen? Amen. Praise the Lord, brother. We have arrived. We have been called out. And how did we know? Because we have the revelation of the messenger to the bride. Yes. To call them out. So we knew that this is a calling out in the message the invisible union of the bride of the Lord Jesus. Yeah. The prophet said with confidence and boldness paragraph 336, yes sir, preach 1965 in the 11th month in the 26th day. He said, "And in the invisible union of the church by the the bride to Christ." Amen. Amen. Are you catching it now? Yes. The revelation. Yes. We caught the revelation. That messenger is here now. Can you say amen? Amen. We got the revelation of the last prophet message and we know who we are. Hallelujah. Amen. Your original life has come back to his original position. That's right. It's time. Yes, sir. We call the revelation. He said, "The messenger to that bride is here." Amen. Hallelujah. I love that. Then we know who we are. Amen. We believe it. Yes. Amen. And we know it's true. Amen. Not only because he said it, but our life. Hallelujah. Amen. Prove that it is true. Amen. Jesus said, if you cannot believe me what I'm saying, believe the works thereof. The faith without works is fight. If they cannot believe the message, let your life testify. Praise the Lord. Let your life prove them to be wrong. Don't let your words, your profession prove them wrong. Let your life prove them wrong. Hallelujah. So the messenger is here to the bride which is Jesus Christ. The same yesterday, today, and forever more. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. Now is now he only speak through his prophet the Bible says. So he never does anything but first he make it known to his prophets. That's right. Amos 3:7. He always has done it. He never change his pattern. See, and the prophet can only speak if he true what God tell him. Amen. Is that right? That's true. Yes. We had a revelation and we know we have been cut out. Amen. From our tradition, from our unbelief. Yes. Amen. from our own thinking that we may live a life not to lean on our own understanding. We have been corrected from our own understanding. Cried from our own thought to the thought and understanding of God that we walk in the power of this glory. May God help us. Yes. Hallelujah. We have been cut out from life unto death. Right? That's what Roman 8 told us. Now is therefore no condemnation to them that are in what? Christ being out from death into life. Amen. Now secondly, we have been called out from darkness into light. Praise the Lord. Yeah. So you can see and know how powerful you are. You have been called from darkness into light. That's right. Amen. Did you see that? The Bible said in the beginning was the word, right? And the word was with God and the word was God. Right? The same was in the beginning. This is that light that light upon a man and giveth light. Amen. Amen. Yeah. He is the light of the world. That's right. And this is that light, that light upon man that give him life. Amen. Now the whole show and conclusion is here. Where we don't have to take any we don't have to conceive any defeat. There is no cause to conceive defeat in life. We are made and bound for victory because we are born to overcome. He said this is that light and he is the light. And he being the light is that light that light upon men and give them life. And he follow up by saying this light shine upon the darkness and the darkness cannot comprehend it, cannot hold it back. So you are the light. Can you say amen? The call out is the light. Shines upon the darkness. Praise the Lord. So we don't wonder why the world is going deep in this darkness. We know it's a it's a ground. It's a space. It's an atmosphere that is creating for us to shine. Hallelujah. Because if there is no situation of the world today in this condition, there is no way your light can shine. That's right. Light is not recognized where there is light. May God help us. May God help us. The first Peter 2 9 and 11 made it clear for us a better understanding. 1 Peter chapter 2 verse 9. But yeah are a chosen generation. Can you say amen to that? Chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a unholy nation. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. An holy nation, a peculiar people. A special species. specially built for a special purpose. I like that. When you see yourself to be that is not to tell people this is what you are, you must walk like that. You must live like that. The prophet said if you praying trusting God to be a millionaire, you must from that minute when you rise up from your prayer, you start living as a millionaire. Talking like a millionaire. That's right. That's right. And you become a millionaire. That's good, brother. Don't fear. God is able to subdue your body, subdue your situation to obey your confession as you live by your confession. May God help us. The prophet said you neither you pray or you are prayed for being sick, rise up with faith. Oh, this place is still paining and it's swelling up. Forget about it. Continue to live as you are as that you are healed. Continue to talk like as if you are healed. Continue to declare your healing. I am healed. No hell can hold it back. Amen. Because the Bible said upon this rock. I build my church and the gates of hell can never prevail against cannot prevail. Can you say amen? Hold your procession. Keep it going. Declaring what you know is true. And hell cannot stop you in this life. Amen. Yes sir. Whether you are dying that has nothing to do with it. I used to tell my son sometime when I'm going on mission I things that I know that I've not made known to him. I start telling him everything because I know where I'm going. I don't know whether I'm coming back. But though that was ringing in my mind but it still doesn't stop me. There is something you have to do for your Lord. If it takes you are going to die, go through because David said, "Though I walk through the valley and the shadow of death." So David know that the ground is walking out. It's dangerous. No man goes and come back. It's not a surviving journey. But he said he feared no evil. Meaning he knew the evil on the way. But he have this confidence that is ordained for a special purpose to work a purpose for God. So he said I fear no evil because the God who saved my life the God who called me out he promised to be with me. Amen. He promised to be me. He promised to go with me. He promised to carry me. As the prophet said, Christ through every life situation and bring me safe to the shore. Yes. So David have that confidence and he took up a challenge against death, against evil against every enemy and he go come back victorious. And the prophet said David is the great warrior. The only man on earth that won lose no battle. Hallelujah. because he have so much confidence in whom he believe. Hallelujah to God. Paul said, "I know who I believe and I am persuaded." Amen. That he is able. That's right. Can you stand up and say that tonight? No matter the face of the enemy, the situation that is before you, can you rise up and take your stand and challenge the situation? I know who I believe. I challenge the sickness. I know you believe. I challenge the problem. I know where I believe. And I'm persuaded that is able to keep everything. I trust unto his hand. Man of courage, man of confidence, man of victory. David said, "I fear no evil." What is David telling you? David is telling you, I am too much anointed to be disappointed. Hallelujah. I am so much anointed. Too much anointed to be disappointed. And when you are born of the spirit of God, I tell you brother, you are too much anointed to be disappointed. Amen. You are too much anointed. The anointing in you is so much that conceive no defeat. So you are so much anointed to be disappointed in life. That was what David was telling us. I am too much anointed to be disappointed. And the prophet bring us to to that same picture. He said when you are born again and adopted sons of God said when you are born again filled with the Holy Ghost you are filled. You are equipped with everything amination you need. That's right. To make to succeed this life. Yes sir. Yes sir. What is it? Baptism of the Holy Ghost to be sons and daughter is too much anointing to be disappointed. We count every disappointment to be a blessing. Can you say amen? Amen. Because Paul when he was anointed, he was too much anointed to be disappointed in with tribulation. Therefore, Paul said, "I glory in tribulation." What is it? Too much anointed to be disappointed. We are too much anointed to be disappointed. We don't take no conceive. No matter what you said about us, it's not our business. You say, "Oh, brother Jeff is this and that." That's not my business because you are not my focus. Hallelujah. We are not an eagle that listen to the cry of the schooler. Are you with me now? What did the prophet said? The ego didn't mind. He doesn't even care whether there is a school because his focus is not the school. Amen. Just pay deaf ear to it and focus on his purpose because he know who he is. Kura cannot change his thought. He was ready and the prophet was seeing the boldness and the confidence. He don't even care about his career and he rise up his rifle and say you're looking I can shoot you. The eagle didn't even check himself. He said you are ready to attack. I'm going to tell you something. The prophet said he flop his wing said check out these two wings. Do you know what it is? Look at it very well. No matter what you want to do, I don't care about it. What I know, I have this tool before you cut. I'm out of the danger. Hallelujah. Why the ego knows so much who is and the prophet said there is something about position in life. Did you hear that very well? There is something about position in life. And the prophet said in the message of adoption, he said when we say positionally placed in the body of Christ, we are talking about adoption. Amen. And when we say adoption, then we are talking about redemption. Oh, hallelujah. You love the Lord. Give a clap offering to the Lord. I love I love that. Clap for Jesus. There is a honor, there is a blessing, there is joy in heaven in clapping for Jesus because Jesus want you to heal him. When he rose up and Mary came to him, what did he said? Oh, hail me. You see that? That's why we sing praises to heal him. Clap for him. You're singing. You are clapping your hands. I come here and do like as if you are some big shot and you are too mature to clap your hands. You are not ready to become a Christian. Cuz when you go back to the heaven, you'll be frustrated and you run and leave the heaven. You tell God, I'm tired of this place. Come on. Hallelujah. Cling downs jump the worldly people in their worldly music that make no sense. That is why the the musicians sing. He said he said he said he said he said I got he said I got I I got joy in what it runs off my mind now. He said uh crisis my firm foundation the rock that we must stand everything around me broke shaking or breaking. Hallelujah. And he went forth and saying, he said, I I I have got joy that made no sense. Yeah, I got it. He said, I got joy that makes no sense. Because the kind of joy they have in the world, jumping and running and dancing for foolishness, nakedness, is a joy that makes no sense. Even the musician sang such a song that the joy they have in the world makes no sense. Therefore, Jesus said, "My joy, my peace, a gift to you, everlasting." Not like the one men give to you that makes no sense, right? But the one that remain, no man can take it. In other words, no situation can rub it for you. Amen. You say what are you talking about? Let's go to book of Romans chapter 8. I never go there. Let's just see if time is not on our side. I was try quickly wrap up but I find a way. Let's go to Roman. Okay. Should I do that here or I should do it here. Okay, let me do it here. Roman chapter 8 from verse 30 something. They have joy that make no sense. Temporal after they jump and run and wind their buttons and all kind of things rock and roll and they come back frustrated. What can they do again? They are ready to commit suicides. Oh, if they cannot commit suicide, I need something to save me from su what I need something to save me from suicide. They look for drugs. Take joy, pleasure, comfort themsel with drugs and that comfort killing them. That's right. What is it? Joy that makes no sense. That's what he got in the world. And you believe will sit in your in your own house in your TV or in your screen and and you seeing the way they are they are displaying their joy and they are recognized. They clapping hands. Oh, I want to be a celebrity. You are a fool. You don't know what is wise. You don't know what is wisdom. You don't know what is good. You are just a believer but you are not in Christ. Yeah. When you take pleasure with the word, don't forget the Bible say, "Love not the word and the things that are there in. For if any man love the world and the things thereof, the love of the father is not in." That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. and they become your model. Where in this world that a believer take a worldly celebrity and holy champion to be his mother? No. Can we continue in saying that the grace of God may abide? No. Paul say it's not possible. Amen. Because two cannot work together except they agree. That's right. When you are a Christian, you must be a Christian. When you want to be in the world, gain the whole world. Don't just put one leg here and in the evening you put another leg here. When you put one leg here on Sunday, you put your leg in the church. No, you are fooling yourself. You can't fool God. Amen. You are making a big mockery of yourself. We must repent. Amen. come to the reality of our calling and stand there because there is something the prophet said about position in life. Amen. What things separate us for this love? We didn't read a Roman again. Let's read it. Romans chapter 8. My sight is becoming so so I have to go back before I see. That's why I prefer use using the the screen and make it big. So, but it will help me here. Romans chapter 8 verse 30 from verse 30. Is it okay? Let's start from the prison so that we know where from verse 30. Moreover, whom he did predestinated, them he also called. Is that right? So, we are now back to the picture. Is that right? And them and whom he called, them he also justified. And who and whom he justified, them he also what? Glorify. 30 31 What shall we say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? Exactly. They will never burn that devil. That will rise up and bring a believer to disappointment. No, because believer know every disappointment is a blessing. Can you say amen? That devil will never be born. I used to tell my church back at home, I said the devil that will bring me to my feet and make me regret of believing the message, he will never be born. I say he will never be born. So he's not even existing. So meaning I will never. You say are you trying to say you are a superman? I'm not a superman. The man who called me, he gave the promise. Yes. Hallelujah. He said I will never allow you or let you be tempted above that which you cannot bear. So the devil will rise up that temptation that I cannot bear to make me for will never exist because that word will never fail. He will surely stand his course behind them that are ready to walk with your faith. We read we are closing. We are closing. Time is not on our side. I know you Americans. Oh we pray for you people. You guys every day because all of our work bills and everything. So sometime we cry. We are there. We are just crying. Oh, our brothers in America, help them. Praise the Lord. Because me back, I told you in my church, every day we are in church service. Do you believe that? Every day we are in church service. As I'm not there, church service is also they just came from church. Tomorrow they back there. Next tomorrow, they're back there. Sunday, they're back there. So, we have plenty of time. We don't want to take chances with our time. We want to make good use of it for the Lord. Because the life situation there is is terrible. If you don't use your time properly for God, you regret. There is a saying that they used to say those that are praying for it's not easy for them to make it not to talk about those who are not praying. Did you understand that parable? I don't know whether you get it. There's a parable that used to say those that are praying and those that they are praying for it's not easy for them to make it not to talk about those that are not praying. Yes. So we don't make we try to make good use of our time. If God give it to us, it's not for us to be sleeping around. Unless we wake up, we will not have nothing to eat. Hallelujah. Must pray the heaven down because pray give us our daily bread. You must pray heaven to bring it because it's there in heaven for you. May God help us. Where where are we now? We'll be closing soon just from just give me 10 minutes and we round up. Hallelujah. So where are we reading verse what? Hallelujah. Verse. Okay. Verse 32. What shall we say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? For he that spare not his own son, but deliver him up for us all. How shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Praise the Lord. Who shall lay anything to the church of the elect of God, the color, the predestinated? Who on earth even in heaven who will do it? Is there is no way nowhere for such person? It's not existing. Hallelujah. It is God that justify us. Yes. Amen. So that settle the case because it's God that justify us. No man can lay charge against this. Amen. Praise the Lord. It is God that I'm mixing the thing. Is God that Okay. Justifiers have seen it again. Hallelujah. Who is he 34 that condemnth? It is Christ. That's the only man can do that. That Hallelujah. It is Christ that die for us. Yeah. Rather that is raising again who is even at the right hand of God. And the prophet said right hand authority. who also make intercession for me and you the bride and the call both local and universally. Amen. That's the man that make intercession for them because he know what is in the mind of the spirit. So therefore he make intercession for us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Amen. Shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or per as it is written for thy sake we are killed all day long. So in all this thing we fear nothing. Fear not that can kill your flesh. But fear him who can kill both your flesh and soul in hell. So we fear them not because the worst they can do is on our flesh. May God help us. Hallelujah. As it is written, for I said we are killed all day long, we are counted as sheep for slaughter. Nay in all these things we are what? more than conqueror through him that loveth. For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angel, nor principalities, nor powers, nor anything present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creation shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Amen. Praise God. So what can pull us? They never born it. You will never exist. If God allow anything to come to you, he knew what he kept in you before he allowed. He knew you have what it takes to overcome it. That is why he lied like Job. So we don't fear no evil. And no situation can take us from this great love. But God, we have anchored our soul. We have anchored our soul in the heaven of rest. That's right. And we say thou see no more. Have anchored my soul in the heaven of rest. I say th I see no more. The tempest may sweep over my the life's stomach gate. In Jesus, I'm anchored in Jesus. I'm save. Oh, hallelujah. In Jesus, we are safe. Nothing can move us. Nothing can shake us. We are ordained for it. It's not our making. It's not our willing. But it is our father own good pleasure to give us. Amen. And the Bible said we have received a kingdom that cannot be moved. You are unshakable. You are unstoppable. The church of the living God are made to accomplish God purpose. And the gates of hell cannot prevail against them because the purpose of God can never be defeated. So you can never be defeated. That's what the prophet said. We have received a kingdom because we are called out from the satanic kingdom unto the kingdom of God. And we close as we read as we come close to this place. We are called out from this satanic kingdom that Satan has dominated because when he took Jesus and he show up for the temptation. He told Jesus, he take him to the high mountain. He say look at the whole beauty. Look at the whole grammar. Look at all the whole blessings that you you you cannot even count. All is for me. If you bow down and worship me, I give you all. We have been saved. once dead in sin and trespasses. God in his great mercy by grace we are saved through faith in his promise. His word revealed to us and be quicken together with Christ who conceive no defeat. Heavenly places there we sit right at his feet. And the Bible say above every principalities empower. as we close above every principalities and power because we have received a kingdom that cannot be moved. We have received a kingdom that cannot be shaken. We have received a kingdom that cannot be defeated. They have received a kingdom that has no challenge, no contender. That's what we receive. So we are more than a mash for the devil to meet every devil's lies in these last days. God made it, not me. I'm so happy. Amen. He loves me. I'm so glad for his salvation. I'm so glad for the message of the hour. I'm so glad for he has always been there for me. I am so glad that Jesus loves me. Jesus loves me. Oh, he loves me. I am so glad that Jesus loves me. Jesus loves me. Even me. It's not my making. It's not your making. Not for you to proud or think you are better than somebody or you are better than yellow color. You are better than a white color. You are better than a green color. You are better than a black color. Nobody is nothing. We are all one color in the spirit. Because in the spirit we have one garment, white garment. And when we show up over there by the grace of God, everybody is not is showing up with a white color. You can't see a yellow man, you can't see a white man. You can't see a black man, you can't see a green man. Everybody's showing up in one color. Amen. Praise God. May God help us. As we read this scripture, let's close. The Bible said in the book of Hebrew, chapter 12 27-29. That's what we are. Our appearance shake every environment. So we become the talk of the town. We are the talk of the world. So people can't understand but we know who we are. We caught the revelation of the last me prophet message. So there is no prophet coming again. Amen. I don't care what you say you are. You are good to go with it. That's not my business. You are free. I don't have anything against you. And you can't be the talk of my the talk of my pulpit. No no no no no no. My puppet is so far away from talking about who you claim yourself to be. If it bothers me, I need and pray for you. That's all I can do. I pray for you, I forget you. Because don't let nobody become a challenges, stumbling block on your way to this heaven. God gave us love to disanol everything, defile everything and walk our way. Victory to heaven. Romans chapter Hebrews chapter 12 he said and this word now this word in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwell among us and the same word were revealed to us in this last day through the prophet to call her the bride. So the Bible say in this word revealed to us. So we put ourself in our day. Amen. In this word and I say revealed to us through the prophet in this last day. Can you say amen to that? Amen. Yes. You believe it. in this word yet once more sneak signify the things signify the removing of those things that are what shaking let's not let me not say anything now before we read further think about it what are those things that are shaking that this word reveal to us signify the remover of it. Yes, we must be thinking about that. Let's we read the Bible, read it like scripture. We read it out of the mind of the message. Amen. So if you say we are not Bible student, you are telling lies. Come and challenge me. I've stood with priests, different countries, challenge them with the Bible. deeper life uh uh uh what you call it seven days I've had this they think they know the Bible I stood with them challenged them Jehovah witness I took their own Bible and convinced them I said you you wrote Bible and you think that this Bible is strong I say I'm going we are going to use your Bible see there's nowhere Jesus is God because why is Jesus saying I came and my father and this and he that sent me is greater than me why did Jesus say that I said You see you lack revelation. No matter how we explain it for you, you will not see it. But let me show you something. Did you know in your Bible Jesus declare himself that is God of heaven and earth, the almighty? He said, "No." I took him to Isaiah chapter 9:6. He said, "Oh, he's a mighty God. Is not an a he's a mighty God is not the almighty God." I said, "Don't worry." I said, "Open your Bible again and see." And he opened to Revelation chapter one p. I am he the first and the last. He that liveth and was dead. And he said I said who is that? He said Jesus. And he was reading and he said the beginning and the ending the almighty. He closed the Bible said don't close it. You think we don't read Bible and you go about saying that we don't read Bible. We are reading prophet message. with this message we can tell you Bible from A to Z because right in the message is the Genesis to Revelation. He was shocked and he said, "Brother, you are conk." I still remember that word. He said about 10 years or 15 years ago, I still remember say you are conk. So, what is this? Then I put the message start bringing him the message. He's from Canada. He came to Africa as a mission missionary to evangelize. I said, "What you are having?" Zero. You are working your way to hell. So said, "What do you mean?" I said yes because you have seen it in your Bible and I will see whether if you will deny it. This is not my Bible. So if you deny what your Bible said, you're walking your way to hell. You are against your own Bible you are using. Yeah. And if your Bible is powerful than you, then you are dead. And you just pick his Bible and ref say yes. The theologians they set me up in Indian Republic where I used to go and eat after evangelism. They came there in group and they started bringing tricks and you know some people group of people in this world they always talk about a prophet they causing confusion in the message. I was listening I was eating my food. I said please let me have a enjoy my food because the journey I've gone walking under the sun. I don't want anybody to disturb my mind. I want to enjoy my food very well. So they were talking and they even said a messenger a prophet William false prophet I was eating when I finish I drink my water I said what are you people talking about this man I knew because why is it that it is when I came there they came and start that issue and how did they know that I'm preaching that gospel and he started I said ah it's a simple thing you says brother Brian who brought baptism in the name of Jesus I said, "Forget about that. It's not brother. It's the Bible." He said, "No, it's brother Abraham." I said, "Okay." I open to act. I said, "Read yourself." I said, "And Peter said, I said, and brother Brian said, they said, no, Peter said, I said, then you must be stupid. You must be stupid accusing somebody falsely." And brother Brian said, "No, it's Peter said, "Then you must be stupid." So you just make yourself what did I said? They commit themsel to misunderstanding. They just put themsel in a way not to understand nothing. So what is it? The people of this world as the Bible said they have see their life with death and in other words they have committed themselves to misunderstanding. No matter how you made it clear still they don't want to agree to understand it. So therefore the people of this world has committed themselves to misunderstanding and death is awaiting them. That's right. Unless they repent because there is still time. We don't give chance. So we don't give we don't speak. Sorry if somebody don't speak like you. I'm not against you. That is how I preach because I know the kind of people I'm dealing with and I don't know the kind of people you are that sitting here. So forgive me if I offend you by my speech. Forgive me. God bless you brother. Let's read. said this word signify the remover of those things that are shaking. Yeah. As of those things that are made. No. Do you have it there? Okay. Yes. This one is better. And this word yet once more signify the removal of those things that are shaking. That's why I said think about it. What are the things that are shaking and the word signify the pulling away of those things. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As of the things that are made that those things which cannot be shaken may remain. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Wherefore receiving we have we receiving wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be what? Let us hold have grace whereby we may serve God acceptable. Hallelujah. With reverence and godly fear. We are closing. What are the things that are shaking that the things that cannot be shaken will remain? Amen. What are those things? The word, the message of the hour is symbolize removing those things that are shaking. The things that are shaking are things that God didn't need. things those things that are not made by God. Hallelujah. Every tree that has not been raising of my father asks John say God is ask is there to remove them. So that is why the believer the born again the adopted sons and daughter they called out they becomes a judgment they become a talk of the town. When you come when you started leaving they started wondering what is happening in this kind of life. So they are panicking and when you start telling them about the message they they start what is you are you talking about? Are you crazy? Are you out of your mind? You're not out of they are shaking. They are panicking. So you become a judgment to them. So when you appear, when you are living straight in the word, you abide in me and my word abide in you, your life is no longer your life. Paul said the things I used to do, I want I I love doing, I can't do them again. But the things I I don't have desire. I was fighting against those are the same. Now I I I love doing. He said this one is not me. is Christ that lives in me. So the people were panic wondering what has happened to Paul. So like Paul life and his experience and it becomes a trouble to the people that when he started talking they are panicking till the king said Paul you will you also convert me to become part of you. He's afraid that Paul is going to to to convert him because he's shaking what he's holding is not made by God. So when those things that are that that that are made by God, the word of God comes to him. So he cannot stand the things that are made by God, the word promised to us, those are the only thing that can stand. And when they have been declared in the midst of the things God doesn't made, then the things that are not made started shaking. They carried panicking, looking for somewhere to hide themsel, looking for excuse to make their way, all kind of things. What is it? The word symbolizes the remover of the things that are shaking. That's right. The message of the hour, you remover symbolize the remover of the things that are shaking. God didn't make sickness. God didn't make affliction. God didn't make kidney failure. God didn't make heart attack. God didn't make BP blood pressure. God didn't make all this frustration. So the Oh, hallelujah. The word of God symbolize the removal of those things that God didn't make. Thank you, Jesus. You are the solution. You are the answer. Thank you, Jesus. Wow. Of the devil's lie. All that he made, you become the answer to it. So you the word representing the word as an ambassador symbolize the removal of everything. Therefore we come together put our hands together pray for those things that God didn't need. Hallelujah. Anoint them in the name of the Lord. Rebuke the devil because God didn't made it. He's just there to to the children of God. God didn't make it. Take the name of Jesus, wave it as a wave offering over every sickness and he will find his way because God didn't make it. And the reason is that the word, the name symbolize the removal of those things that God didn't make. When you recognize your position, may God help us. May God help us. Shall we be on our feet as we as we close? Shall we be on our feet? I want to read a quote. Let's be on our feet. The word of God symbolize the remover of those things that are shaking. So let's read a quote. The word of God. Amen. Reading from the message adoption. And the prophet said something else to read. Hallelujah. [Music] Let me get it here. Hallelujah. Let me get it here. Take courage and move forward. [Music] Just one minute. It's like a mix where I place it, but I think I can go to other messages and get it. [Music] The devil don't want me to read that quote. We will read the quote. How was it? Move forward. Supposed to be here. You going to help me. [Music] Go help me. Go help me. Go help me. Yes. Yes. I got it. Just one minute. Hallelujah. I got it. That's the message. Witness called out to be a witness of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Now from paragraph 35, every man today knows that he can take the name of Jesus Christ and meet any foes at any place any time. Yes. And he will defeat he will be defeated. Amen. Is that right? I have met witch doctors. I have met demons of all sorts and never seen a time. But what they did bow to the name of Jesus. Tell you friend, when the church the God, yes. Hallelujah. lost the name and the power of the name of Jesus Christ. They lost it when they went down. Praise the Lord. Talking about Moses, we come down. He said it we it was the stick that they had to the hair. It was the stick that hold over the water. It was the It was God judgment rod and what what the stick of Mos what the stick was in Moses' hand. The name of Jesus Christ is to the born again church. Praise God. Get it? away from there and he is gone. Yes. Oh, that name the name of Jesus with you. Take the name of Jesus with you. Child of sorrow and of woe, temptations around you, breathe the holy name in prayer. The name of Jesus. The stick on Moses hand represent the name of Jesus. And when you take that stick from Moses hand is done. Amen. You bring him down. Any man that takes the name of Jesus, meet the devil anywhere, any situation, any condition, he will surely defeat him. Brother, take the name of Jesus with you. child of sorrow, no situation, it will joy and comfort you no matter what evil be the name of Jesus is a joy. It's a consolation. It's a confidence. It's a courage that give us grace to stand our ground. May God help us. God bless you. Take the name of Jesus. We too shine of sorrow and of Oh yes it will. The church of God take it wherever. Oh yes precious. Yeah. Oh sweet. Oh perfect day. Oh joy. Oh precious name. Oh sweet. Oh perfect prophet. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise God. shall bow down our heads. Brother and sister, the prophet said, "Whatsoever the message of the hour has preached, the pillar of fire is here." And there is a song that said is here. Elijah, God is here to do and will whatever you say. Jesus, the God of the message of the hour, is here tonight. If you can believe, hold within your heart and lift your hands up and say, "God, remember me." No matter what it is, no matter what you have been going through, no matter what you are passing through, no matter what you are trusting, God, I'm telling you, the God of Will Abraham is here and is here to do and win. Whatever you say only believe all is possible as I'm going to pray. Father Lord is hard to believe and to conceive in the heart that you are still the same yesterday, today and forever more. That you are still God of the message of the hour. That you have never failed. You are always there to prove that you are still the God of the bride, the God of the message of the hour. That everywhere this message is proved, your presence is there. The God of Elijah, the God of Malachi 4, the God of William Brown, hallelujah, was there to do and will to prove himself that is still God over the universe. Therefore, we ask for mercy and we say forgive us for our unbelief. Lord, once again, let the power of the blood of Jesus move in a special way like never before. Sweep over every soul, nullify, dissolve every doubt and unbelief, every evil conscience of doubleminded or second thought. Lord, may the power of the blood never lose the strength in this congregation. May he move in a special way and dissolve and nullify every fierce and double-minded. And may the power of the Holy Ghost, the great serum of God, sweep over their soul from their bloodstream down to the head, wipe off, wash away every trace and spot, sickness, diseases, whatsoever kind of situation. Let the Holy Ghost, the great ser of God move in the name of Jesus. Dissolve, break down every fetter, frustrate, nullify every sickness, set them free from the power of darkness, unbelief, and whatsoever is behind the back of their heart as a desire. What are they trusting for? For their sons, for their daughter, for their children, for their work, for their body, we stand upon your word by the authority of the Holy Ghost. Father, we rebuke every demon behind their situation and they will receive that which is in the deepest of their heart desire. Let it be. We ask it in the name of Jesus as we stand upon your word. We take up the name of Jesus and Lord this hour. I wave it as a wave offering over this church. I wave it as a wave offering over your people. Lord, we wave your name. The name of Jesus, the name that is above other name, the name that all name is must bowar, we rise up with it by the evidence of the Holy Ghost. We wave it over the church. We wave it over the congregation. We wave it over their life. We wave it over their desire, Lord, that you set them free, [Music] that they will go and come back with testimony that you are God. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever more. Grant it Lord we ask in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Invite the pastor. Sorry for taking your time. I was not able to check the time but I knew I took your time. So you forgive me before I leave. God bless you. Amen. Joy of heaven. Sing it again. Oh, this name. [Music] Oh, how sweet. [Music] Hope of earth and joy of heaven, precious name. Oh, how sweet. [Music] hope of earth and joy of heaven. Oh, take the name of Jesus with you as a shield from every snare. Lift temptations round you gather. Breathe that holy name in prayer. Oh precious name. Aren't you glad for the name of Jesus? Glad that we have that position that we can display that token the life of Christ. Oh precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Well, did you enjoy that tonight? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glad that we have a position. And it's not a position that man gives us, but God gave us from the foundation of the world. And it's being declared to us in in this age, in this time. And it is the time of the manifestation of sons of God, the revealing of the sons of God. And I'm I'm certainly glad for that. And no matter what we go through, what we face, Amen. And we can look, amen, at that obstacle, amen, and and speak to that and command it to go. Amen. And I'm I'm I'm thankful for that. There is no weapon formed against us that's going to prosper. No weapon whatsoever. And I like what the brother said, it has to be dark. Amen. For us to shine, there has to be a contrast. And if we are lights, then God would put us in in the darkest age ever. Not for us to blend in with the darkness, but to shine our light. Amen. For it is the light that is 10 million times stronger than darkness. Amen. Maybe we could just sing that song. I love him. I love him. Oh, I love him. Yes, I love him because he first loved me and pray just my salvation. ation on Cal. Aren't you glad that you can love him? He made a way of redemption that we could express our love. Oh, I love him. I love him because he first loved me and purchased my salvation. [Music] on Calary's tree as they just play softly. We want to keep uh brother Jeffrey in our prayer and he's um been just pouring himself out and traveling and um uh he's just kind of worn down in body. He was telling me that uh he was in urgent he's had been in New Jersey for about two weeks and a pastor friend of his I think is a doctor and um but uh took him to the doctor to check his blood pressure. It was 234 and uh that's very very high. the doctor said, "I I don't understand why you're even standing, how you even walked in here." And um so he's been very very not feeling good. And so we want to keep Brother Jeffrey in our prayer uh that the Lord will just touch his body. Amen. And make him whole. And um well, we need men that'll proclaim the gospel, that's not ashamed of the message, that will just declare it how it is to the people. And and we want to just continue praying for him, his family, his church, his ministry that uh God will just bless him and keep him. Amen. and um had a little accident just now and uh Heidi's broke her nose and so uh they have taken her to the ER and uh so we want to pray for that situation. doctors. Lord will just help her and uh be with Josiah Mindy there and um but you know the devil's just always trying to work in some way somehow and uh but we are victors. I I just believe that. And um so if maybe we could just bow our heads and we've just heard the message. We've heard just what we are as sons and daughters of God. I just believe that. Believe that with all of my heart. Let's just ask sons and daughters. Let's just go to our father in prayer. Pray for brother Jeffrey Heidi. Lord Jesus, we don't come to you as beggars. We don't approach you as strangers, as one that is estranged from you. But you had made a way of redemption, that the gap would be closed and there would be no gap that we could come into your presence before your throne of grace and find help in time of need. And the way we would come is boldly for that's the way you've told us to approach it. Come boldly before the throne of grace. And father I'm just asking that you would touch Lord Brother Jeffrey and Lord as he has poured himself out to us and we can see that this message is dear to him as it is to us and how true it is. You're calling your bride from all around the world. It's it's it's not American bride. It's it's an international bride. And Father, I pray that you would bless him and Lord, that you would touch his body, Father, cause that blood pressure to come down and and to start working right, Lord. And I pray that you would give strength to him. Lord, that you would just bless his family and church, his ministry back home, Father, the efforts that he's putting in to establish souls into this message. I pray, Lord, that you would just bless him doubly, Father. And Lord, I pray that you would touch Heidi. and as we had prayer for in in outside and Lord, but we're we're asking again, Lord, just believing that you you'll just make everything okay, Father. Just uh uh just calm uh Josiah and Mindy, Father, and may your peace be with them, Father. I pray Lord, I just pray that you would bless the congregation, Father, and just grant their heart's desire. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name and amen. We uh before I just let you go, just some announcements. uh this Saturday uh for those that are going to be here and want to meet uh we'll be meeting down at the uh the church uh where brother Mark's family goes to church at. We'd met there 4th of July 2 years ago. But if you'd like to come and I cannot re what what time did I give you? 5:30. Okay. I had it written down. I thought that was it. So, if you want to meet Saturday evening at 5:30 uh for food and and fellowship, we'd love to have you. And then um the 13th of July, Brother Andrew Schuler uh from Arizona will be passing through and um so we we want to remember that. and two meetings coming up and that's brother Diego's um y'all know brother Diego um that he interprets for us in our meeting is there in Kentucky he's about 7hour drive away but he is having a meeting um I think uh the 27th 28th and 29th or 26th 27th 28th one somewhere's around there Friday and Sunday and so uh if you'd want to go to that, I know you'd be blessed. And uh we certainly love brother Diego. And then brother Jim Shoemake on Labor Day. Um the Labor Day weekend. It'll be Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Uh he is having a family camp. and um um uh brother Andrew Glover, brother Ronnie Long, Brother Daryl Ward, Brother Jonathan Martin, myself uh will be ministering over there and they would really love to have you. They feed you and take care of you and um it'll be on a camp. So, if you want to stay there on the camp, u I've got the number and things that that um if you'd like to go and they've also got Airbnbs around the area and so I'm sure you would be blessed by that. And uh so I just wanted to give you them announcements. God bless you. Love you. Good to have Sister Jane with us. Amen. And and uh you're doing okay. Everything's all right. Amen. And so um um anyway, we just thank the Lord for keeping Sister Jane. Amen. And she told me she was taking a shower Sunday and must have passed out and laying in the floor there for for a while. And u when she come through water everywhere and but um um uh she was I think maybe passing part of that stone or something and just in immense pain but God kept her. Didn't break any bones and doing good. So thank the Lord for that. Amen. So God bless you all. Love you and may you have a good week. Amen. I love him. I love him because he first love me [Music] and purchase my salvation. Oh, can [Music] dream [Music] [Music]
