################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-12 - Brother Terry Horn "The Silent Voice of Revelation" - Terry Horn - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-12
Title:   Brother Terry Horn "The Silent Voice of Revelation"
Speaker: Terry Horn
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqINcgZoE84
========================================

[Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Down. [Music] Loo. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Christ is Lord [Music] for he's my Lord. He's my Lord. [Music] He has sent from the dead and he is Lord. [Music] Every knee shall bow. Every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord once more. [Music] For he is Lord. Is he Lord? You're my Lord. [Music] You have risen from the dead. And you are my Lord. Every knee shall bow. Every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. [Music] Truly he is Lord. Amen. How many believes that this morning? Brother John, would you ask God's blessing over our service this morning? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many's had a good week in the Lord? Things sometimes don't go our way, but they always go God's way. So, it's good to get on board with him. What do you say, brother Will? God bless you this morning, all of you that are gathered here this morning. Amen. And let's sing a song here of uh reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Amen. I trust that you've been reaching out to him. I have every every day this week, I have reached out to him and he's reached out to me. You know, there's one thing about it. God's always reaching out. We're the ones that kind of hold back. This morning, let's reach out to him. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment. Your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. I'm reaching out to touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's never too busy to hear your heart's cry his pass and by this moment your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes. Let's lift up those tired hands. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. Well, he's passing by this moment. Your need to supply. reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. [Music] Amen. I'm going to go ahead and we're going to take the prayer request before the Lord. Let's remember, you know, sometimes people in our church are overlooked and they have a routine responsibility, a very important responsibility. And that is Sister Kim Broomfield. I know she's put there's a request here for her and she's got a special request, but let's remember her. She has faithfully for many years taking the Sunday school class for the children downstairs. And this morning while we were all meeting down there, I could hear some of the children. You know what? That was music to my ears. You know, I'm so glad that we've got young people, children, and families and so forth like that. And we've got somebody that's so dedicated like she is for many, many years taking that Sunday school class. So, let's especially remember her. God will just anoint her, bless her, and just give her everything that she attempts to do and lead our children in the direction they should go. Amen. That's a very important part of our church. So, let's remember her. And then there's others, you know, that we take for granted. Our brother uh Josiah here and brother Tim and others standing out here direct traffic in. That's a big responsibility. It's a dangerous intersection out here and we appreciate them. Too many times we did you ever thank them when you you know they waved you in you come in. Did have you ever thanked them for directing you in and standing out there in the weather sometimes and we we appreciate everybody. This is a body. If there's, you know, if in your physical body, if one part of your body is not getting right blood flow or you got a pinched nerve, you know about it, don't you? If it's in your little toe or if it's in your ear or wherever, you know about it. The whole body feels it. And if we're connected and we're compacted together, then we should be feeling these things and saying, "Woe unto us." We ever get numb where we don't feel the rest of the body's pain and woe unto us. So, let's be connected with one another. Um, also uh have uh let's remember brother Terry this morning, brother Shawn take care of these local folks first before I mention others. Uh also there was a uh mother Menanite mother and father whose child we had prayed for the doctors had kind of given a grim prognosis. a Menanite couple, I understand. And unfortunately, God saw fit to take their little baby. So, they're having the funeral today, the mother and daddy. And un just the way things go sometimes in life, but she's got a double whammy. She lost her father, the mother did. Uh so, let's let's remember her. And that was just recently, too. So, let's remember that family and those relatives. And you know, hey, that's what it's all about. And that's a co-orker of somebody here at the church, Sister Faith or Sister Ann, I'm not sure who, but anyway, let's remember them in prayer. Also, one of our local folks here, Brother Bob. He wasn't feeling well today. So, we want to remember him. I'm going to ask brother Josiah here in a minute if he don't mind to come and pray over these requests. Um, also let's remember, I did mention brother Terry this morning as he comes to minister. Now, um, let's see. Let's also remember brother Shawn. They're traveling and then we have brother Kevin and Sister Ray Lee. I understand they're out at uh the tent meetings out west somewhere. So, let's remember them as they'll be traveling. And then outside of our assembly, uh, I got a prayer request early this morning. There's a brother in Pennsylvania that I've come to know. His wife was taken the emergency room. Sister Irene Leart, uh, she had a blood clot. So, I haven't heard any updates on that. And then also in in the local area here, a brother that we all know, Brother Steve Alvis, some of you may know and some of you may not know, but he had a bad fall uh here a few weeks ago and it really messed up his lower arm. Uh broke some bones in it, required a plate, screws. Uh this week has been really trying for him. you know, he's had to keep that thing dry. Don't mess with it and watch what he does, you know, uh, and, uh, he's got to watch out for infection. Um, he's had to hold hold his arm up in the air. So, and he's going to work, so he's been a real trooper, but he had to have his understand sister Elizabeth had to drive him to work cuz he he couldn't do it, of course. So, let's remember him that God will give him a speedy recovery. And then we have uh Sister Pamela. Uh she uh texted me the other night and was requesting prayer, something going on in her body. Um, also I want to remember um my brother tried to reach me this morning and I'm not sure little unusual cuz he knows I go to church but my oldest brother Larry and uh if you would remember him in prayer too. Amen. So it's it's quite a list of prayer requests here. We've mentioned them by name and I'm going to ask brother Josiah if he would just take us to the Lord in prayer. Let's just stand at this time if you would. And if you would just go ahead and ask God's blessing over the offering too while you're here. My gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you and Lord how we thank you father for all the many wonderful things you've given us Lord. Father God, we thank you for your presence here this morning, Lord. And we thank you, Father, for the never- ending promise, Lord, that what whatsoever we have need of, Lord, you're here to fulfill it. Lord, you see these prayer requests we have now, Father, we ask you, Lord, just to come down and touch them, each and every one this morning, Lord, we ask you, Lord Jesus, just to just to move on their behalf, Father. Lord, we ask you, Father, just just to bless the minister, Lord, as he comes to to bring forth the word. Father, we ask you, Lord, just to give him a real special anointing anointing this morning, Lord. Ask you bless the tithes and the offerings and the giver and receive both. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brothers. How many appreciates, Brother Josiah? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. and thank God for what the Lord's done in his life and in all of your lives. Brother John, good to have him with us and going to Virginia Tech. I know he would coveret your prayers and your interests in his life. Good to see all of our folks with us this morning. I was thinking Sister Kimberly was here, but let's go ahead and going to ask the ushers if they would come at this time and we'll receive our morning tithes and offerings. Amen. And let's sing a song here as they do that. Amen. Um, oh, I want to see him as I journey through this land. Amen. You can go ahead and receive the offering. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of gloryy. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last. Ever to rejoice as I journey through this land. Singing as I go. pointing souls to Calary, to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must wait. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. dare to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Oh my at last, ever to rejoice. When in service for my Lord, dark may be the night. Yes, it might be. But I'll cling more close to him. He will keep and he has. Satan stares me vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. But my Lord goes ahead, leads whatever be. [Music] Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Oh my at last. Ever to rejoice. And in the valley slow I looked toward that mountain high. And behold my savior there leading in the flight. With a tender hand outstretched toward that valley low guiding me I can see as I onward go. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares are passed. Home at last. Ever to rejoice. When before me billows rise from the mighty deep, Lord directs my bar. He does safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all passed. whom at last ever to rejoice. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a praise offering. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you love the Lord this morning? Do you love one another? &gt;&gt; All right, turn around. Start shaking hands with people and tell them you love them. &gt;&gt; Love you all. Yeah. It's like, "Do you love your enemy?" All right, turn around and say, "No, we're brothers and sisters this morning." Now, hopefully we're not enemies. If we do, we got to make it right. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, you're coming up here. All right. Lord have mercy. Oh my. Well, church, the house of God's a place of reconciliations. Amen. Amen. Let's sing another song here. You can be seated now if you would. Amen. Um what a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting horns. Old song but never never loses its meaning. You know, there's a lot of them old songs that sometimes we don't sing them as much anymore. We don't sing them at all. But I, you know, I I remember songs that when I was out in denominations, I mean, everything I heard wasn't all bad. Don't get me wrong on that. And I'm not looking backwards. But I mean, I thank God for that because I remember that song they sang at the camp meetings, whiter than snow, whiter than snow. Lord Jesus, I long to be whiter than snow. And that stuck with me for years and years. And I have not heard that probably 40, 50, 50ome years or more. But you know, these old songs, they just don't lose their meaning. Amen. They're they're good for today. They still apply. Let's sing that song this morning. What a fellowship. What a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting arm. of blessedness. What a peace is my leaning on the everlasting arms. I'm bleeding leaning safe and secure from all along. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how sweet to walk in his pilgrim waying on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path goes from day to day. feeding on the everlasting arm. Ling, leaning, safe and secure from [Music] leaning, leaning. I'm leaning on the everlasting arms. What have I to tread? What have I to fear? Feeding on the everlasting arms. [Music] And blessed peace with my Lord so nearing on the everlasting arm. Leading safe and secure from all alarm. Leading feeding, leaning on the everlasting arms. Praise the Lord. Are you leaning on his arms? Amen. It's a friend that sticketh closer than her brother. Sister Hope, would you happen to have a song for us this morning? I'm going to ask after she sings sister horn Alice to come and prepare to sing for us. I was alone in my darkness. I could not find my way. Jesus shined his light on me and turn all my nights today. Save by grace. I've been saved by grace. My name is in the book of life and my sins are washed away. [Music] Saved by grace. I've been saved by grace. It's not what I deserve, but I'm saved by grace. When I reach thy city and those gates swing open wide, I'm going to sing redemption story of how he brought me to the other side. I'm saved by grace. I've been saved by grace. My name is in the book of life and my sins are washed away. Saved by grace, Lord. I'm so saved by grace. It's not what I deserve, but I'm saved by grace. [Music] When we reach that city and those gates swing open wide, we're going to sing redemption story of how he brought us to the other side. Well, saved by grace. We've been saved by grace. Our name is in the book of life and our sins are washed away. Saved by grace. We've been saved by grace. It's not what we deserve. It's not what we deserve. But we're saved by grace. Peace. [Music] [Applause] I love Jesus. Yes, I do. He loves me. I know it's true. And one day I'll look upon his face. I know. But I'll wait until that day when my Lord calls me away. For it's just a little while and we'll be home. Almost home. We're almost home. [Music] All the time it's drawing near. [Music] And a heavenly light it shall come down. Change my body and I'll not be found. or it's just a little while and we'll be home. [Music] Sometimes it seems so hard to wait, but his promise won't be late, for he always keeps his word. This I know. So I'll just keep pressing on. I believe it won't be long for it's just a little while and we'll be home. [Music] Almost home. We're almost home. All the time it's drawing near and a heavenly light it shall come down. Change my body and I'll not be found for it's just a little while and we'll be home. Oh, a heavenly light, it shall come down. Change my body and I'll not be found. For it's just a little while and we'll be home. [Music] Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good be Christian. Thank you. Musicians love the Lord with all of our heart. &gt;&gt; Thank God he sent us a prophet. Thank God we have a message. Message of deliverance. &gt;&gt; Message to make us free. You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. &gt;&gt; It doesn't say set you free. You know, set free and make you free is almost like two different things. You know, you can I used to use a kind of example. Uh you can put cattle in a crowd and they're all crowded in. But if you open a gate, you have set them free. But if some way ma miraculously you can just lift the whole crowd fence above their head, you've made them free. They're made free. So you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. Amen. While you're turning, while you're standing and turning to the book of John, Romans, I'm sorry. We're going to read out of John a little later. Uh we're actually going to read one verse out of John. Romans chapter 10 verse 13-18. Then John 10:27. Well, we got a something a little bit different this morning. I trust it's going to be enjoyable. I have enjoyed studying it, thinking about it for a good long time while now. But um actually, I was thinking about some things. You know, there's something mystic about the heart and I wrote down some things here and I'm going to half of my sermon is going to be asking you people questions. So, I want you to thank class. You got to thank this morning. put on you spiritual spiritual thinking chaos this morning. Uh B, you know, I'm going to read you some phrases of of scripture just quickly as before we read our scripture. Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh. Satan chose the heart. Satan chose the head. God chose the heart. As a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he. Brother Bram said, "Your heart is the control tower." Now remember Ra Rahab after 40 years you know we have heard all these things and our hearts did melt obviously you know where we're going with this with the heart and you think about there's something about the heart David was a man after God's own heart just scriptures God judges judges a man according to the desires of his heart your heart is controlled by one of two things faith or doubt Elijah was uh was to turn the heart of the children back to the fathers. The angel told brother Vanam, "It'll come to pass that you know the very secrets of their hearts." The prophet told David, "Do all that's in your heart." &gt;&gt; Your heart. Your heart. So I know we we we know this and but I want to rather really reinforce how important it is to believe what the prophet said. Nothing new, but and we know that how important it is. But just want to kind of reinforce that this morning. All right. We want to read in the book of Romans chapter 10 verse 13. Romans 10:13. It says, "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. Then how shall they call on him who they have not believed? And how shall they believe in him who they have not heard? And how sh how shall they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach except they be sent? Now these these questions Paul is getting to a point and a principle here. How shall they preach except they be sent? as it is written, how beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel and bring glad of good things. Excuse me. Verse 16, but they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Isaiah said, Lord, who hath relie believed our report? So then, faith cometh by hearing. &gt;&gt; Say, faith come by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Now, keep that because we're going to expound on that. But I say, "Have they not heard?" Yes, they heard. The sound went out. Have they not heard? Yes, barely the sound went out into all the earth, and the words unto the ends of the world. But you know, they didn't believe. But they did hear, but they didn't believe. Wonder why they didn't believe. Now read also in John 10:27, one verse. My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me. Brother, well, the Bible says except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom. So, there's a certain there's a certain voice in seeing because see don't mean just to look. See means to understand. And brother man said, if you don't see Christ in every verse, he said, go back and read it again because you've missed something. So, there's some voice behind seeing and understanding. You know, I thought about even the we're going to let you pray in just pray and be seen just a minute. When the mama eagle screamed, she had a certain voice. Now, the the other chickens in the in the barnyard, they heard the same voice, but it didn't move them at all, but it moved that little eagle. &gt;&gt; Yes, it did. &gt;&gt; It was something different about that eagle's voice that the chickens couldn't pick up. They had no receiver to pick it up. I want to ask some other questions here. What caused all the apostles, except for John, to die a martyr's death? all the devotion that they had for the Lord Jesus. What caused all of them to give their life in cruel death as a martyr? What spoke to them? What changed them? &gt;&gt; What quickened them? What anchored them? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; What voice can change an entire nature of a human being? &gt;&gt; Actually, I'm going to tell you what we're going to speak about. We're going about the silent voice of revelation. &gt;&gt; What voice can change the nature of a whole human being? In other words, sh change, if you want to say it this way, a hog to a lamb. What voice can do that? How can how can you change a person's nature, what you're born with? What voice can bring understanding to the secrets of the Bible? What voice can take away fear of all the jungles of Satan's paradise? What voice caused you to the truth? What voice? Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we think about these scriptures that we've read, these little questions that I've asked. But there's a great great truth in here and a great understanding that we know much about it, Lord, and much we don't know because there's some what something mystic when we talk about the supernatural and the unseen and those things that are not related to see, taste, feel, smell, hear or the five senses on the spirit, Lord. But we know that the the heart is actually controlled by one thing, one of two things, faith or doubt. So I pray you'll help us get hide me behind the cross. Bless the the service, the congregation, all the words that are said. We ask Lord that you just take control in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you as you're seated. Silent voice of Revelation. kind of a maybe a little interesting title but I think uh we'll all understand a little bit better as we go and I'm sure we already understand but just in some things that we want to cover now there was a man that uh came to brother Ram one time and he said now brother Ram I want to straighten you I'm going to read a lot of quotes so we all in the message we love quotes a man came to brother man said I want to straighten you out on the trinity he said if you got time he said I got time right now because I want to be straight we'll lay aside everything else So he come up, brother Ram, I want to teach you uh that you know and he come up and said, "Brother Ram, you teach that there's just one God." And I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "Well," he said, "I believe there's one God, but one God and three persons." And Brother Ben said, "Sir, repeat that again." And he said, "I believe there's one God and three persons." And he, Brother said, uh, "What school did you go at?" He told me the name of that Bible college. Brother said, "I can believe that." So you cannot be a person without personality. And if you're a personality, then you're one personality to yourself. You're a separate individual being. And he said, 'Well, this is what the other guy said. He said, 'Well, the theologians can't even explain that. And brother said, it's by revelation. And he said, I can't accept revelation. Of course, we know later that was a church cry preacher. And he said, "There's no way for God to ever get to you because it's hid from the eyes of the wise and prudent prudent and revealed to babes. Revealed revelation revealed to babes as will accept it, learn." And he said, "There's no way for God to get to you. You just close yourself off from him." The whole Bible, the whole Bible is a revelation of God. The whole church is built upon revelation of God. There's no other way to know God, only by revelation. to whom the son of God reveal himself. Revelation is revelation. Revelation is everything is revelation. So not to accept revelation then you just a cold theologian and there's no hope for you. So we know it's all by revelation. And brother B said in pass Patton's vision said you can only be the Bible can only be known by revelation and you can only be saved by revelation. For by grace are you saved through faith and that not of yourself. It's a gift of God and faith is a revelation. Faith is a revelation. Amen. Brother man said when you're born again, you've heard from your theophony. Now, what was your theophony speak? If you've heard from your theophony, what is that? Now, if I'm too loud, you turn me down. I don't want to be too loud. You turn me down before you can just barely hear me. Okay. All right. I don't like to be too loud anyway. Now, when the seals were open, you saw your name there. I want to ask you, when you saw those seals open, you saw your name. What voice spoke to you and said, "There's my name." Well, we didn't see John Doe or or William or Terry or Alice or Amos. We didn't see that. It didn't say William Brandon, but you identified with that. There's something there. You saw your name. There's something that spoke to you and said, "That's me." &gt;&gt; There's something when that little eagle heard that mother eagle's crink. That's me. That's the voice that I can identify. &gt;&gt; Amen. Even though it was something audible, but it wasn't uh it was audible to the chickens, too. &gt;&gt; But it was different. &gt;&gt; Amen. And this is kind of interesting. I know we probably all have heard that in 1933 when brother was baptizing on the Ohio River and that voice said, "As John the Baptist was sent to forrun the first coming, you'll have a message that will forrun the second coming." And brother Bam said, I think he told Billy Paul this something. He said, "And the hope was standing there and she heard that voice." said, "Bill, that's your voice. That was your voice." &gt;&gt; Was it me? That was your voice. Now, what? Why is that? And we'll get to that a little bit later. I don't have all the answers to this, but it's just something to think about. &gt;&gt; And brother Ma'am also said the bride will be the final voice to the final age. So, there's something about that voice that he wants us to get a revelation of. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He He's And the Bible says, "I'll be with you, even in you." It's Christ in you. The hope of glory is actually your tabernacle and deity. &gt;&gt; Now speaking about this silent voice of revelation, revelation is nothing new to the believers and we know that the whole church is built on revelation. But we want to look at some of these different aspects. If we ask you what really is revelation Jesus said my sheep hear my voice. So we we know his voice after 8033 his voice was silent but we are still still hearing his voice. &gt;&gt; Yes. Even though his voice literal voice is not recorded on tape and we haven't heard that for 2,000 years but we are still hearing his voice. So who gives a revelation or who can only can you get only who gives only true revelation? Can you receive a false revelation? Uh can you receive a revelation based on somebody else's revelation? &gt;&gt; Oh my lot of questions here. So let's start with a couple of quotes here. Brother Ram said, he said, "If a person ever has a revelation of God move on their heart," now he's talking about not just any revelation, but he's talking about redemption, you know, being a word birth, being born again. If you ever have a revelation of God move into your heart, it changes your whole motives. &gt;&gt; It changes your life. It changes your appetite from everything that from everything that you once was to what you are now. Everything has been changed. That's when you know you got something from God. That's the word birth. And first of all, we know it's not the flesh and we know it's not the spirit, but it's on the soul. &gt;&gt; Not see, taste, feel, smell here. Not conscience, rages, memory, affectionation, imagination. Those those five on the spirit realm, but it's in the heart. That's where the word birth takes place. Not the flesh, not the spirit, in the soul. Now that's why Malachi 4 is to her turn the heart the heart the heart not the mind not the intellect but the heart back to the faith of the fathers but the heart is where you revelation your head is information your heart is revelation we get information in our head we get revelation in our heart &gt;&gt; amen &gt;&gt; so that's why it's something about the heart not this vessel not this pump in your body but that's the that's the if you want to call it the container of the soul somewhere that brother talks about that little spot in there they couldn't even find a blood cell but in your soul that's your heart. That's what he's talking about. Now when when when we talk about what voice is speaking let's say when two people of the same church and or even the same family and they receive a different revelation or a different understanding or no revelation at all but you're in the same place, same preacher hear the same words, one heard this, one heard that like the little eagle and the buzzard. He called me an eagle. He called me a buzzard. Why? What's the difference? What happened? Brother Ben says in this message, he says, "The Bible wasn't written then back in the days and of Cain." So Cain, his brother who sat under the Listen, this is really, really interesting this quote. So Cain, his brother who sat under the same teaching of father and mother. Now that's really important. Hea, we're assuming that Cain and Abel was taught the same thing from mom and dad. his brother who sat under the same teaching of father and mother came down and brought fruit to make an offering. But Abel by revelation he saw that it wasn't fruits that brought us out of the garden of Eden as some people still think it was but it wasn't fruits it was the blood of his father. &gt;&gt; So he came and offered the blood of a lamb by divine revelation. Listen what he says next. He said, "No one had to tell him anything about it, but he by faith, and this is really interesting what he says here, he by faith seen the son of God seen the son of God coming and offered a lamb and figurative type, seeing that Jesus was the lamb slain before the foundation world. And God testified that's the truth. God will always testify of the truth." Now, I ask you, what voice did Abel hear? What kind of a voice did Abel hear? Amen. &gt;&gt; Uh he he said under the same teaching as as Cain did. &gt;&gt; Cain didn't hear that voice. &gt;&gt; So it must have been a silent voice. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Ram said no one had to tell him anything. That's really interesting. Now let's look at the next quote. This next quote it deals with a person making deci make a decision based on somebody else's revelation. You might find this really interesting. Brother said, "Recently, I was some six, eight months ago, I was sitting home one day. I just fixed to go to Denver, Colorado to a convention, and this little fell," he's talking about, Brother Argright. "This little fell moved into the house." He said, "Brother Brandom, I have a great revelation from the Lord." &gt;&gt; I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "The Lord's putting Zurich, Switzerland on my heart to go over there." And said, "Would you want to go with me?" And I said, 'Well, I got one night over here at Denver and then I got go to another meeting. I said, not to board it. Why? Then brother B said, the more I thought of it, why it seemed to me that if I knowed that brother Arurbrite had a revelation for something, it was good and it come from God. Wow. &gt;&gt; Now, and then I'll come in a minute and then and we went to Switzerland and the Lord gave us 50,000 souls and went from there to Darua Germany and he gave us 50,000 more souls. That made about a 100,000 souls in that little campaign. How blessed we are. Now, I say this, that might be good if you're a word prophet, but I wouldn't want to trust another person revelation. Now I could the reason I say this is this. I would almost guarantee you that when brother Brandham said when brother Argent was saying I've got a revelation from God, brother Brandham I'm sure went and prayed about that before he went over there and God said go ahead on. Okay. &gt;&gt; Now uh if you you know but I I believe I'd be real careful. Well listen what did brother when the when the seals was broke? What did brother say? And that angel came to him every day in that little room. He said, "The angel gave me the revelation of those each one of the seals." Then I spent the rest of the afternoon uh going in the Bible going back and checking out what the angel told me to make sure it lined up with the scripture. So it's always got to be the scripture based on the word of God. &gt;&gt; So faith cometh by hearing and that by the word of God. And faith is a revelation is something that's been revealed to you. And we talk about the silent voice of revelation. something that's been revealed to you. Now, I want to stop right here and I got I may have told this some years back when I was preaching, but I want to bring it in because there's a principle in here that I want to talk about. When I came into the message, and I'll try to make it real short. uh about 45 years ago, there was a girl that worked and uh and her husband, we worked together at the post office and they gave uh she gave Alice a church age book because it's kind of she asked her uh did you really know what happened to Garden of Eden? He said, "Yeah, well, I I think I do." Said, "Well, I've got a book I want you to read and tells all about what happened." So, she read the book and of course, she couldn't put it down. And that's I mean, she just believed it automatically, the original sin. Read the church age book. And so for about four or five, six months, uh, I wouldn't listen to tapes. She was starting to listen to tapes and I I I just, you know, I was deacon in Pentecostal Holiness Church and I thought, well, you know, this is this is okay. I I can see the worldliness creeping in, but whatever. So finally after about four or five months and I said, well, you know what? I'm going to listen to a tape. I'm gonna sit down with her and listen to a tape and I'll listen to what Brother Ram had to say and I'll see where he's wrong and I'll prove he's wrong and, you know, everything will be okay, you know. So, uh, we um sit down one Sunday afternoon and listen to a tape and of all tapes that she got to me to listen to first. First tape I ever listened to was Life Story. So, I we sit down together and listen story. Nothing was ever said and and I weeped and cried and boohooed a little bit and she did too. You know how touching Life Story is. You know, Los Angeles 1959 and uh 49 I think it is. 49. Anyway, &gt;&gt; 59. Yeah. Anyway, so you know, at we got down to the end, we turned the tape recorder off, nothing was said. We just waited maybe a minute and I made this statement. I wouldn't even listen to tapes before. And I I didn't say anything against the message, but you know, I just didn't want to really want to I was satisfied, I guess. But after I got down to the tape, end of the tape, I asked her one question. I said, "Have you got any more?" &gt;&gt; Wow. And I can say this my hand my hand on the Bible before God from that very moment from that very minute. Now there there's there there is no doctrine in life story. There's nothing that you need to there's nothing life story about uh doctrine or straightening things out or whatever. It's all about his hardships in his life. But from that moment forward I never question one thing the prophet said from that day to this day. Now I want to ask you what on that Sunday afternoon what changed me? I mean totally changed me. I mean totally. There had to be something changed my way of thinking my focus. Was it was it just the Was it just the literal voice of William Brandom or was there maybe a voice behind that voice? I guess &gt;&gt; we might want to look. Remember I was raised in church of Christ. They refuse I was raised in church of Christ. They refuse all revelation. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; I spent about 5 years in Pentecostal holiness church. They don't believe in predestination. They don't believe uh New Testament prophets. They don't believe Elijah had come. But that voice instantly changed my life just in life story. And I believe what the man had to say, &gt;&gt; right, brother? &gt;&gt; Now, there's got to be a scriptural answer for what happened on that day. We're going to try to look at and I like I say I don't have all the answers but I'm a little bit more focused than I used to be. Uh what we're going to read in John 6:26 we'll read in just a minute is is it's really profound and it's very very simple but it's uh it's the very essence and focus on brother Ram's theme of only believe. All things are possible if you can only believe. And then I want to ask this question to you. Why did the angel tell brother in 1946 when he got his commission? He said if you can get the people to believe you, &gt;&gt; he didn't just say only believe. He said if you can get the people to believe you be sincere you pray not nothing will stand your way not even cancer. So I got I began to thinking about that if you can get the people to believe you. So in looking all this up you know we know the purpose of the first and second pull was to get the people to believe to help their faith. All things are possible if you can only believe. But now in this scripture, John chapter 6, uh we'll start at verse 26 if you want to pull it up. John 6:26, starting there. Uh Christ is feeding the 5000 and Christ walks on water. And then he said there's a great multitude followed him because they saw the miracles which he did. And then he says in verse 26, he says John 6:26 said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, you seek me not because you saw the miracles." They did see the miracles, but you don't see me because of the miracles, but because you did eat the loaves and were filled. Now, many followed him because of the miracles. Many fallen because they the they particularly the loaves and the fishes, you know, just carnal things. He said, uh, labor not for the meat which perisheth, but for the meat which is endureth ever everlasting life, which we know that of course is the word. It's the only thing that can endure. Labor not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give unto you, for him God the Father has sealed. &gt;&gt; Then he said unto them, then they said unto him, this is so interesting. Okay, they wanted, they got a question, what can we do? It's like on the day of Pentecost, what can we do to be saved? They asked Jesus and they said to him, what shall we do that we might work the works of God? I mean, that's a that's a good question. What can we do that we can work the works of God? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, is his answer astounding or not? And here it is. Don't miss this. This is God in simplicity. Jesus answered and said unto them, "This is the work of God. That you believe on him who he hath sent." &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Believe on him who he hath sent. &gt;&gt; That's right. Well, some people think, well, sure, you got to believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. But that's not all that God sent. Did God send John the Baptist? Did he require them to believe his message? Sure they did. Of course, we know God sent Christ. Hear ye him. Did God send brother Random? Did God send Malachi 4? The B, it plainly says, "Behold, I send unto you." Behold, I send unto you, Elijah the prophet. and he'll turn the heart of the children back to the father. Believe on whom I have said. That is so simple. God in simplicity, but it's so profound and is so much overlooked. &gt;&gt; True, brother. &gt;&gt; Yes, we believe we got to believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. But what about Paul, Arinius, Martin, Columbus, Luther, Wesley? But what about those messengers? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Everybody can't believe on them. &gt;&gt; That is true. that Elijah, that prophet, he was sent that he might turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers. Faith of the fathers. Turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers. Now, why was the major theme of this message only believe we can already see believe on whom he hath sent? Why did the angel at Greens Mill tell brother Ram if you can get the people to believe you? And so I just, as I said a minute ago, there's no doctrine in life story. There's no uh anything in life story that would question about doctrine in the Bible. But there's an answer there. There's got to be an answer there. We going to find out a little bit a little bit more. Then what voice did I hear on that Sunday afternoon? As I just said, the only voice I heard was William Brandon's voice. Perhaps maybe I heard another voice, a silent voice. Now, let's look at the scripture of Romans 10, our text a little bit and we'll kind of break it down a little bit. Now, I want you to know now and in that day we of course we all know the scripture is for many generations and and we're today there's a church on every corner and I would say probably everybody in America has heard of the name Jesus Christ, you know, and he's a savior and he's come to redeem the world and so forth like that. But now Paul's a different when Paul is is speaking these to the Romans. Paul is actually introducing the Lord Jesus Christ to to Gentiles and they're heathens and they they know nothing about salvation. They know nothing about Jesus Christ. They know nothing about I mean they didn't even know the law as far as the Jews had know. So they they were trying to bring them out of Judaism into grace. And they never heard about the grace of God. They never heard about Jesus. They didn't know anything about the Holy Ghost. They didn't know what to believe on, how to believe, where to believe or anything. They didn't know. So that's why Paul needs scripture, he's kind of given a a protocol of of what is the what is the interest to be able to believe. And because in Acts 19:5 he said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost? H you believe?" Said, "Well, we hadn't even heard whether there be any Holy Ghost." They never heard about any Holy Ghost. So you see, they were they were they were brand new in this. So they didn't they didn't know. They didn't understand. So let's look at this for a minute. So then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Now say in our text for whosoever shall for whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord verse 13 shall be saved. So we have call name Lord saved. All these things are new to them. So then he's asking them how and he it says it four times. How how how then shall they call on him whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe on him that they have not heard? &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; And how shall they hear without a preacher? And then how shall they preach except they be sent? &gt;&gt; There's a lot of question. That's valid questions for people that are brand new. They didn't know know anything of these things. So Paul is setting a protocol for faith cometh by hearing. Now to save time I'm going to give you and he said now how how how so I'm going to give you and we don't have time to go into it. This this is how that uh this protocol that Paul has given this is how that you'll know how to call upon the name of the Lord. Now first of all and you don't have to write these down but this is this is another sermon in itself but I just going to read you you it's got to be a proper messenger. It's got to be the proper message. The message must be preached and properly delivered. The message must be properly heard and considered. And the message they heard must be sincerely believed. And then the message you believe then you must act upon it. Then the result of acting upon the message is a new birth. So that's just that's the way that you hear how can you do these things. So we know that. So we and then brother man makes this interest interesting statement in birth pains and we're when you even think about a new birth pains birth pains you know he's talking about the the wars and so forth birth pain veins but really subliminally he's talk birth pains new birth new birth and he makes this statement he said we are promised a new birth according to Malachi 4. Wow, what an interesting statement. There's nothing in Malachi 4 about a new birth. That's just I'll send you Elijah the prophet. But he said, quote unquote, we are promised a new birth according to Malachi 4. &gt;&gt; And I have thought about that for years and years and year and years and years and years. And you say, "Well, there's nothing in Malachi 4 about a new birth." Oh, yes there is. But it's a silent voice. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a silent voice. Oh yes, there is a silent voice because it's to your heart. It's to your heart. &gt;&gt; Oh, a silent voice because it was a proper message, brother Bram. It was a proper messenger. It was properly delivered. It was properly considered and it was properly acted upon and which resulted in a new birth. Remember, he he Elijah shall turn the heart, not the head, the heart of the children back to the fathers. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Not the head. Why? Why why didn't why didn't brother M say we are promised a new birth according to Acts 238. Why didn't he say that? He noted Acts 238. He said we are promised a new birth according to Malachi 4. So there's something about that messenger him send God sent that messenger. There's something about that tied into a word birth. A real word birth. When the full word has come, when the seals are open, when the full word is coming to manifestation, there's something about that voice, brothers and sisters. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's something about that voice I heard on that Sunday afternoon. I can't explain it all. There's something about hearing that voice. &gt;&gt; You can you can be uh going through a a trial, having a hard day, get up in a bad mood, whatever, and turn on a tape. And what is that tape? Ju just turn on a tape. Something about that voice. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Can't tell me otherwise. I know it to be true. You know it to be true also. &gt;&gt; There's something comforting about that voice. But Paul goes on to say in Romans 10:16, but he said, "But part of our text, but they have not obeyed the gospel for is well not part of our text, but for Isaiah said, Lord, who hath believed our report?" That's an interesting word. Who hath believed our report? So then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Who hath believed our report? Very interesting. Now let's look at this quote just a minute. Very striking. We talk about revelation. What is revelation? How where do you get revelation? If I could put it this this way, what means or what vehicle brings revelation to you? &gt;&gt; So when faith cometh by hearing, faith also comes by reading. What if you can't hear? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Ever think about that? What if you can't hear? What if you're deaf? There's no hope for you to be saved because faith cometh by hearing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So whether hearing or reading, brother says in this message, revelation of Jesus Christ. Now the first three verses we uh we have here now lay in the background. First the revelation of Jesus Christ. Second it was given to John by an angel. And the third blessed the blessing to them that read. And if you can't read blessed him that hears. If you can't read just hear it. That's all. Blessed he that readeth. And if you can't read blessed he that hears for the time is at hand. Now imagine what the canon of this meaning of John the writer here in writing this out. This is John saying blessings and so forth. Now what I think it was in the Old Testament, the priest stood up in the morning and read the scriptures, the congregation listened. Many could not read. So he said, "Blessed is he that readeth and he that heareth." So whether or not you heed it, read it or hear it, you're blessed. So he's saying the same thing. Whether or not you read it or you hear it, you're still have access to that revelation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The reader and the hearer, the one who reads and hears is blessed. So if you just sit and listen at all, you're blessed. Bless he that readeth and he that hears. So we we've we've got that settled. Now watch this. Faith cometh by hearing. Now this is I want to go real slow on this quotation. Faith cometh by hearing and that by the word of God. You got on your spiritual bonnets. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Rem said and power of God. He said, "What is it? What is a revelation? What is faith? We know faith is a revelation is God by the spirit revealing you something that he is going to do or that he's promised. Okay, pretty simple. Reveal to you something he's going to do or something he's promised. Now, if you only hear faith cometh by hearing, but hearing is not faith. Read again. Now, if you if you only hear, in other words, you just hear it. Remember we read you the in the in in our part of our text. Yes, the words went out. They heard the words, but they really didn't hear. &gt;&gt; That's why in each one of the church ages said, "He that hath the ear to hear, let him hear what the spirit saith to the churches." &gt;&gt; Amen. Faith come by hearing, but hearing is not faith. &gt;&gt; So you got to you've got to be able to discern it. Hearing is not faith. Brother man says, "A loaf of bread is purchased for 25 cents." was back in the 60s. But 25 cents is not the loaf of bread. So here, hearing, hearing, here it is. Hearing only brings the word that produces faith. Faith cometh by hearing and that by the word of God. Hearing only brings the word or reading only brings the word which produces faith. &gt;&gt; But you've got to have that faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You can only be saved by faith. And faith is revelation. You can only be saved by revelation. You can only believe by revelation. The whole church is built on divine revelation. But faith cometh by hearing that by the word of God. So hearing it is not hearing only brings the word which produces faith. But faith is a substance. Now here we go. Faith is a substance. Something actually you often moments can say is tangible. It's a real substance. Something that you can anchor to of things hoped for. the evidence of things that you don't see, taste, feel, smell, or hear. &gt;&gt; That's what faith is all about. But it is real. It's a substance. It's a real genuine substance. You You can ask any of those uh as we talked about any of the apostles, disciples, they all died as a martyr. You don't think they had faith or revelation? It was substance to them. They're willing to give their life for it. &gt;&gt; They know it was real. You could, you know, you couldn't talk them out of it. Even Peter being crucified upside down. Oh, beautiful. Amen. See then faith is the substant hope for evidence not thing seen. See then you see you hear the word God reveals it to you that it is the truth and by the spirit revealed truth confirms your faith to God. &gt;&gt; Boy, I just I love that quote. Read that part again. Faith is the substance things of things hoped for the evidence of things not seen. Then you see you hear the word God reveals it to you that's the truth by the spirit is revealed. God reveals it to you that it is the truth and by the spirit revealed truth confirms your faith to God. Do you get it? And everybody says &gt;&gt; amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Now it's interesting if you read out of the infantic dialogue which it's actually just the it's not a translation. It's actually word by word what the original Greek was. It it reads this way. So faith come by the report and report through the word of God. Same thing but just using a different word but it's interesting how he uses the word. Faith comes from a report. So okay we know faith is a revelation. Therefore revelation comes by hearing or revelation comes from reading. But we know revelations comes from a report and all true revelations come from God. We establish that all true revelation comes from God. Now there's false revelation. Okay. Faith come by hearing but hearing is not faith. Revelation comes by hearing but hearing is not revelation. Hearing only brings the word that produces faith or revelation. Now you know there's a lot of negative information on the internet you know about the message so forth. But when people hear that or when you just happen to see something on there what voice are you actually hearing or seeing? You run across something negative on what what what there there's a subliminal voice under what you're hearing or reading. Negative or positive. That's right. &gt;&gt; Actually, it's it's a silent voice trying to speak to you. It was Satan is what I say what it is, right? It's Satan right now. He's trying to say, you know, here's here's some of the air. Here's some things. Here's the part you don't really believe. You know, you believe this part, but here's the here's the backside of Israel, if you will. &gt;&gt; Is there's a lot to this actually anointing or this silent voice, if you will. uh about these things. Remember it's a voice behind the voice. I want to look at an example here. We know that Satan can Satan can mimic or impersonate only anything God has or and he can pervert it. He can't create. So Satan copies everything God does in a perverted way. So faith revelations come by hearing and that by the word of God or hearing the truth. So then obviously Satan has a perverted way to look at that. So doubt cometh by hearing and that by reasoning. Fameth faith cometh by hearing and that by the word of God. Doubt cometh by hearing and that by reasoning. What did what did Eve do? She heard she God already gave her the truth. She already told her the truth. Then Satan come with his little subliminal voice said, "Surely now you know he's a loving God. You want to be able to know all things and be as uh no good from evil. Surely you won't die." What voice was that? What was that under that? She did. She She listened to that subliminal voice that she You know what? That sounds mighty good. You know, I mean, I was the man said she wanted some new light if she just stayed fortified behind the word. But she reasoned. That's the whole thing. She reasoned it. We're not supposed to reason nothing. We just believe it. That's why the whole thing is based on revelation. Faith is a revelation. Amen. You got to believe it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. You can apply that from Eve all the way down to where we are today. &gt;&gt; Faith cometh by hearing the word, a true report. Faith comes by from a report, a true report. And I want to give I want to touch on a little bit on this uh Israel. And I have I preached on this before, but I want to bring it in because this is really striking here. How when the children of Israel left Egypt and they made it to Kadesh Barnea and then of course they sent the spies over and the Eve report. So, just take a few minutes. I'll try to be just as brief as I can on, but it's so it's so uh uh astounding what what happened when they came back with that evil report. And so, we pick it up right here in Numbers 13:30. And Caleb still the people before Moses and said, "Now, the the bottom line is they really didn't believe the prophet Moses somewhat, but they really didn't have a revelation that whatever that prophet said, he's going to take us through. He's going to take us through. He's going to take us through." They really didn't have that. And this proves it. And Caleb stealed the people before Moses and said, "Let us go up now. They've they've they've come all the way to Kadesh Barnea." They left Egypt, two years journey to Kadesh Barnea. Kadesh Barnea actually was a little oasis. They had some springs there. And God was going to give them a little rest before they entered into the promised land. It was only three about three days journey from Kades to go into the land of Canaan because you know the spies went there and spied for 40 days. So they were real close only three days journey. So they had come to Kades and Caleb still the people said let us go up at once and possess it for we're well able to overcome it. Remember Joshua and Caleb they saw the very same thing that the other 10 saw brought back the Eve report. So they've come back with the Eve report and said but the men that went up with now let me just slow down a minute. Joshua and Caleb they come back with a positive report said we're let's go take the land. We're well able to take it. Then the 10 the 10 spies that came back with negort, they got up and spoke to the people after Joshua and Caleb spoke. But the men that went up with him said, "We be not able to go up against the people, for they are stronger than we." &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Remember, doubt cometh by hearing. &gt;&gt; Doubt cometh by doubt cometh by reasoning. You can hear what they got to say, but doubt cometh by reasoning. the land to which we have gone to search it is the land that eatth up the inhabitants that now really that was somewhat of a lie. I mean it was halfway true because it it means it's too dangerous to conquer. Uh it's too strong and the people are too tall and they live in four to five cities and their their fear their their faith or lack of faith was based on human strength. But God never told them to go over there and take the land by human strength. He said I'll be with you. I'll fight your battles. That's why he told him, you know, you've got to listen to the prophet of God, what he told you. In other words, he's saying it's a death trap. It eats up the people. It's a death trap if you go over there. And he said, "The land eatth up the inhabitants thereof. And all the people we saw there are men of great stature." They did see the uh the the the um the achans and all these long necked and these giants and so forth, but that wasn't all the people they saw. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It wasn't all the people saw. and some reading some of the history. I think Caleb while they was over there 40 days, he he I'd like to preach on Caleb sometime, but he I think he went up and he probably searched out Horeb because Mount Horeb because that's when he said, "Give me my mountain because that was three 3,000 feet above sea level and that was like a the the prize of the land over there and that's why Caleb and God gave him that land. Gave him that mountain." &gt;&gt; Oh, baby. Okay. Oh, but and and then verse 33 says, "And there we saw giants, the sons of Anoch, which come of the giants, and we uh which come of the giants, and we were in their own sight as grasshoppers. And so we were so and so we were in their sight." Who told them that? Who told them that? They said, you know, we look at you, you know, just grasshoppers. We're giants. You're Who told them that? That was their reasoning. There is. Yeah. &gt;&gt; God God had already promised the land. Yes, he knew who was over there. God had already done the reconnaissance. He said, "I'm going to give you the land. It flows with milk and honey. You don't you don't need a spy mission. You don't need that." &gt;&gt; It was actually the people that requested the spy mission. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; So what validates the report? They gave Joshua and Caleb gave a positive report. The 10 spies gave a negative report. Joshua and Caleb had a voice. The 10 spies had a voice. &gt;&gt; Now the whole congregation, they heard all 12 of these voices. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So Isaiah is saying as we read then he asked a question in verse one or we read that in Isaiah 53:1. Who hath believed our report? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And to whom of the arm of the Lord &gt;&gt; and and to whom is the arm of the Lord? And what's that last verse? Last word revealed. &gt;&gt; Yes. Who has believed who have believed our report? Who who that two and a half million people heard the report of the 10 spies and they believed that report by reasoning but the sound went out. Caleb Joshua and Caleb the sound went out. Why didn't they believe Joshua and Caleb? &gt;&gt; Who hath believed our report and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? Revealed revelation. So what was the result of believing the Eve report? Here's the result. Think about just that one evening, that one day, that one return, that one giving out a report, reading the report or speaking the report. Here's the result of that report. And all the congregation lifted that voice and cried. And the people wept that night. So the evil report from 10 spies caused the whole congregation to believe a false revelation which actually ended up in death. Yes. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; And God cannot give a false revelation. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But they believed a false revelation because they believe what those 10 spies came back with a negative influence, a negative report. &gt;&gt; And all the children of Israel murmured against Moses, against Aaron. And the whole congregation said unto them, "Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt, or would God we had died in the wilderness? And wherefore hath God, listen, listen, listen to their speech. Wherefore hath God brought us into this land to fall by the sword that our wives and our children should be pray their children's don't want to made it through. Should be pray not better for us to return to Egypt. And they said one to another, "Let us make a captive and return back to Egypt." Can you believe Can you believe that? I mean they of listen the the 10 plagues that they saw leaving Egypt, the dividing of the Red Sea, the smiling of the firstborn, all the plagues, that was the that was the greatest display of miracles at any one time in the whole New Testament. at one at one time, at one seas, at one uh one happening, the greatest display of miracles and they saw all of that and oh then they when they went to the Red Sea and part of that and oh they rejoiced when all the uh the the Pharaoh's army was drowned and they were all killed and they're on the other side and we're safe and oh we're just a few days we're going to be in the promised land and everything's just going to be wonderful. God brought us through two years journey come to Kades Barnea and they said you know what we Joshua came said here's the land let's go take it and they said you know what uh maybe we better send out some spies and see which way we ought to go and what we ought to see and just just to make just to make sure &gt;&gt; that's paraphrasing but that's basically what they were saying &gt;&gt; this is this is one of the greatest paradoxes to me in the Bible &gt;&gt; true &gt;&gt; all that they saw for the coming out of Egypt and everything and then the people request listen the people requested the spy mission. &gt;&gt; Now you go read the Bible it does it sounds like and God uh uh or orchestrated it and Moses orchestrated it. But here's what really happened. You go read Deuteronomy 126. I wonder if we can bring that up. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can we bring up Deuteronomy 126? with that they requested the spy mission let's see let's say notwithstanding let's see verse 27 maybe let's let's go go back to verse 24 I don't have it my notes anyway it's I'm not sure what it is. But anyway, you can read it in the first chapter of Deuteronomy where it said, "We we we uh came to Moses and we we they requested that the spy mission and so forth." We'll find it in a minute. But you see the they they requested the spy mission and they asked Moses. It sounded good to Moses. Moses said, "Okay, I give you permission." Okay. Then Moses qu asked God about it and God said, "Okay, okay. If that's what they want, give it to them." It's just exactly what happened with Balam the second time and you know God his first decision was don't go don't go but he said no maybe I'll go back and ask God again you know and then the third time I'll ask God again and finally God said well go ahead on if you're going to be stubborn go ahead on &gt;&gt; same thing say it's exactly the same thing that's why God permitted the spy mission but he but what a what a paradox &gt;&gt; the whole the whole spy mission was the result of their unbelief They really didn't believe Moses' word. They really didn't believe it. &gt;&gt; Amen. It led it made it led immediately to their complaining and rebellion and finally death. And even after right after this happened, the the 10 leaders, those 10 spies, which were the leaders, the princes of all the 10 tribes, they were struck with a plague and died. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, God would know why. Listen, when you think about why would God need to send out a spy mission and and say, "Now what? Now here's the land." He done told him what he he told them there's seven nations that that own the land. They've already uh uh cultivated the fields. They've built cities. You know, they've got growing corn. All you got to go in there is just defeat them and take the land. He's already done all the reconnaissance. Why does he need to Why do the people need to go out and say, "You know what? We better go over and spy out the land just to see what's over there. We We're not sure what this prophet said." They listen to the wrong voice. &gt;&gt; 122. Let's bring that up. Deuteronomy 122. Thank you, brother Amos. If you read the first three chapters of Deuteronomy, Moses, right before he wasn't permitted to go into the promised land, but right before Moses died, all the those at 20 years old and and older were the ones that went in. So he's given a a discourse, a review of from Egypt to the promised land through the 40 years. I mean, if you want to get a a review of the whole &gt;&gt; journey, read Deuteronomy 1, 2, and 3. It's a review of of everything. Moses is given a complete detailed review of the 40 years. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So here's what they say in verse 22. And ye came near me. He's talking about the congregation. And you came near unto me, every one of you, and said, we will send men before us. and they shall search out the land and bring us word again about what way we must go up into what cities we should go up into. The people came to Moses and requested spy mission and it actually was ultimately their demise, their death or resulted in their wandering. They want you know what they God's punishment was. Okay, they you went over there. You spied out the land for 40 days. Okay, I'm going to punish you. Actually, they first two years they could in three days journey they could have been in Canaan. That is true. &gt;&gt; But God said, "Okay, because you were disbelieve my word. I'm going to punish you. You're going to wander in the wilderness for 40 years." Because despite out the land for 40 days, &gt;&gt; one day for one year. &gt;&gt; They could have made it in three days. So five days from the time live in Egypt, they could have been in Canaan because of their unbelief. They wandered for 40 years. &gt;&gt; Yes. Wow. &gt;&gt; In the wilderness. &gt;&gt; Think about it. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; But God was going God gave them a little oasis. Uh Kades Barnea. The word Kades Barnea actually means a holy place in the desert of wandering. He gave them and they had springs there. He gave them just a little bit of a rest before they're going to cross over. But they didn't want to believe what God said. Wow. &gt;&gt; Oh mercy. They listened to the wrong leaders and got the wrong revelation. Let me say this. When we think about revelation, you know, we think about, you know, some deep mysterious doctrine and Bible teaching and truth and so forth, but revelation just means something re is revealed to you as far as just revelation. And like I said, look what Eve was deceived. She got a false revelation. Satan. She actually she actually believed what Satan told her. She actually believed it because the Bible says, "For Adam was not deceived, but Eve being deceived was in the transgression." She actually thought that that was true. And that's why she did what she did. She was actually deceived because of a false revelation. The same thing about the 10 10 spies actually it ultimately produced death. Don't the Bible say that they'll be given over to a repbate mind to believe a lie and be damned by it? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; You know, and it just it just has intrigued me and it won't be too much long, but it intrigued me. Uh when brother Ram was explaining the scripture said, "Your fathers did eat mana in the wilderness and they're everyone dead." &gt;&gt; Oh, we thought, "Well, sure, they're dead. They've been dead 2,000 years." Uh dead. That's eternally separated. He said, "Not a one of them, Joshua and Caleb, was the only two out of those original that went over. The rest of them died, eternally separated. And he said, "Everyone of them lost." &gt;&gt; Oh, that's serious. &gt;&gt; I mean, that's like like it's like they're they're they're Hebrews. They're God's chosen. He brought them out of Egypt. &gt;&gt; He showed them all these miracles and everything. How important it is to stay with what the prophet said. &gt;&gt; We believe that. We hear that. Nothing new to us. Not nothing new to you. But I'm telling you, we don't know what we don't know how much of the squeeze is what it's going to try. It's I know it's going to try our faith. We don't know how much. I hope we just just like any day like today. Boom. We're gone out of here. I hope it happens that way. But, you know, perhaps if it don't, but I'm telling you, brothers and sisters, you're going to have to know where you stand. &gt;&gt; I don't want to scare you, but hey, God gives supreme grace in the supreme hour. &gt;&gt; You don't have to worry. &gt;&gt; You don't have to worry. &gt;&gt; Oh, amen. You don't have to worry. So, Revelation really it means something revealed. But uh as we said, he was deceived by false revelation. So what voice are we really listening to? Uh what voice were they listening to? What voice did I hear when I heard last story? I heard the audible voice, but there was a voice behind their voice. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They heard the voice of the 10 spies. We can't do it. But what why did they why God done said you got the land? Why didn't they just take what Joshua and Caleb? What voice told them, you know what? these 10, they make more sense than these two. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; But, you know, it's just it's just I I know it's it's hard for us to really put oursel back into that time and believe that, but we still have the same thing today. We still have the same thing today. &gt;&gt; The devil comes to you, he comes to me, he comes to everybody. Oh, yeah. There was going to be rapture, but you're not one of them. There's only going to be a few, brother Man. to be just a few, but you know, there'll be several, but you won't be one. Just all of these things the devil comes to you. Comes to all of us. We know that, you know, &gt;&gt; but greater is he that's within us than he that's in the world. Satan, get behind me. Resist the devil, he'll flee from you. Turn on a tape. Believe what the prophet has said, you know, just, you know, I mean, we just uh it's it's it's going to be sticky till we get out of here. But that's why we got to stay in those tapes, stay in the word, &gt;&gt; you know, read your Bible, go to church, pray, stay in a spiritual atmosphere as much as possible because the devil's a slicker. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Remember, Satan has a voice. He can speak. He can whisper. He can anoint. He can deceive. He can twist the truth. Because they doubted God's prophet, Moses said that they despised. This is Moses said they despised the promised land. They despise the promised land. You want to read that? Pull up Psalms 106 verse 24. This is I mean then we're going to move on and close. This is how how could it be in the eyes of God? Psalms 106:4 says, "Yay, they despised the pleasant land. They believed not his word, but murmured in their tents and hearkened not to the voice of the Lord." really it was the voice of the prophet which was the voice of the Lord. Therefore, because of they disbelieved, because they doubted, therefore he God lifted up his hand against them to overthrow them in the wilderness. How striking. They they sealed their they sealed their destiny by the fa in the first two years of the wilderness journey. They sealed their destiny in the first two years by listening to 10 false witness witnesses. That's how important true revelation is to us. Amen. It's just it's just it's it it &gt;&gt; Amen, brother. &gt;&gt; I I thought about it for years and years, but it's still just &gt;&gt; Amen. True. &gt;&gt; It just blows my mind, so to speak. &gt;&gt; The ill fate of two million Israelites at Kades Barnea was solely the result of a negative influence and recommendation from 10 leaders. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Amen. God gave them the land. God gave them the land and those 10 leaders talked him out of it. &gt;&gt; That's a sad picture. That's a sad picture. God gave them the land and man talked him out of it. That's like brother Bren said or somebody said we we know it's the truth. If God if somebody somebody gives you a revelation then somebody else can talk you out of it. God has to give the revelation. And when he gives you the revelation it's anchored. Ain't nobody gonna talk about it. That's why it's so absolutely imperative that we believe and follow what the prophet taught and said and Paul said if we are angels of heaven believe preach any other gospel what I preach let him be accursed &gt;&gt; in 1946 brother when he got his commission I'm going to bring this last thought we close he said if you can get the people to believe you be sincere when you pray nothing will stand in your way not even cancer why did he say you very interesting In this one uh in the church age book he says in the days of the voice of the seventh angel master when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God shall be finished as he is declared to his servants of prophets. See when you think about the mystery and finished really a mystery is a truth unknowable except to be given by divine revelation and finished means to be brought to a pop proper understanding to be finished to be to be brought to a proper proper understanding of the timelines something on that order there there it is he God is sending a vindicated prophet he speaking of God is sending a prophet after almost 2,000 years, he is sending someone who is so far from organization, education, and the world of religion that as John the Baptist and Elijah Bolt, he will only and now he's talking about the prophet, he will only hear from God. He will have thus sayith the Lord and he will speak for God and he will be God's mouthpiece and he as it is declared in Malachi 4:6 will turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers he the seventh angel messenger will bring back the elected in the last days and they speaking of us they will hear a vindicated prophet and give the exact give they will hear a vindicated prophet give the exact truth as is as is with Paul he will restore the truth as they had it. And those elect with him in that day will be the ones who truly manifest the Lord and be his body and be his voice &gt;&gt; and perform his works. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah, they will. &gt;&gt; That's what you are. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what you've been ordained to be, designated to be, predestinated to be. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You're the final voice to the final age under your messenger. That's good, brother. &gt;&gt; Under your messenger. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't get away from that. Under your messenger. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Didn't he say one day he said uh uh when he was translated they said all these brands? No, these not all brands. You're converts. So I want to see Jesus. He's a little bit higher. But one day he'll come to you and you will present all them to the Lord Jesus. Each messenger will present his group to the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; The Lordise. &gt;&gt; What what a time a glorious time that'll be. Amen. So he will only hear from God. He will have thus sayith the Lord. He'll speak for God. He's God's mouthpiece. He'll restore the truth. Those that believe what the prophet said, they will one that will actually be the final voice in the final days. Now that's good enough for me. Now here's why brother M said if you can get the people to believe you. Very interesting. God knows this that the angel Lord who met me said if you can get the people to believe you be sincere when you pray there'll be nothing stand before your prayer there'll be nothing just think of that no matter what disease you have excuse me it won't stand before prayer if you will believe now what must you believe now he's asked question what must you believe letting that soak What must you believe? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Believe in God first. Now, we know brother, I'm not a trinitarian. Believe in God first. Believe in the son of God, Jesus Christ. Believe in the Holy Spirit. Believe in angels. And then you've got to believe me. You got to believe God, the Holy Spirit, Lord Jesus, which is God in another form, the angels. He said, "You've got to believe. You got to, in other words, you got to believe the word. You got to believe the authority. And then you've got to believe me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And then you've got to believe me that I'm telling you the truth. Do you believe that? Now that's wonderful. Another another quote he says. He said uh he's rehearsing what the angel told him. Said, "Do not fear." When that voice spoke, I know was the same one. He looked at me. His eyes looked at me kindly uh not to look sympathizing with it angel, but said, "Do not fear." said,"I am sent from the presence of God to tell you that your peculiar birth, peculiar birth and peculiar life has been to indicate that you'll take a gift of divine healing to the people of the world." I said, "Sir, I'm un I'm uneducated. I couldn't go." He said, "If you'll get them to believe you, and if you'll be sincere when you pray, nothing shall stand before your prayer if you can get them to believe you." I said, "I bet they won't believe me, sir." He said, "You'll be given two signs." The prophet Moses was given two signs to get the people to believe you is really the issue. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's really the issue. Now, how can you explain all that? I don't have to explain all that. All I know is what he said. We've got to believe what what do we read in our text? What how can we do the works of God? Musicians come on. How can we do the works of God? Believe on him who he hath sent. Brother Bram said one place, one of the hardest things in the world is paraphrase and one of the hardest things in the world is to get one human to believe another human. &gt;&gt; Get one human being to believe another human being. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But God uses human beings to preach the gospel. God used Moses. God used all the different prophets he had. God used each one of them to to bring his word. Surely God would do nothing except to reveal the secrets to his servants, the prophets. Oh, to get you &gt;&gt; get you people to believe is really the issue. &gt;&gt; And then he he goes on to say he said then one of them was detecting diseases just by holding the person's right hand. He said then if you'll be sincere it'll come to pass. You can tell the very secrets there of the hearts and the things that they're doing wrong to build faith in the people to be in faith and to vindicate that God will send it to you. Amen. In closing here, another quote. A momentary late in church age. A momentary cons consideration of church history will prove how accurate this thought is. In the dark ages, the word was almost entirely lost to the people. But God sent Luther with the word. The Lutheran spoke for God at that time. This religion. Look how it comes down. The Lutheran spoke for God at that time. Luther's message was correct. That's right. for that day. But they organized and again the pure word was lost for organization tends to toward dogmas and creeds and not simple word. They could no longer speak for God. They could and then they couldn't. Then God sent Wesley and he was the voice with the word for that day. The people who took his revelation from God became the living epistles read known of all men for that generation. Now this is this we know this. &gt;&gt; Yes. But it's so profound. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When the methods failed, God raised up others. And so has gone down through the years until in the last days, there is again another people in the land who under their messenger will be the final voice to the final age. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He didn't say they might be some maybe a few of them might might overcome. They will be they will be they will be the final voice to the final age. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's stand. &gt;&gt; He said, "But then if you really if your faith has been built on if your faith has been built on somebody, some divine healer or somebody professing that's got something when they have it, then you're gone. But your if your faith is built on the word of God, all devils out of hell couldn't ever deny make you deny it. All devils out of hell could not make you deny it." &gt;&gt; Praise God. That's why those uh 12 apostles outside of John &gt;&gt; died a martyr's death. I don't care what death it doesn't matter. Put the sword through me. I'm not going to deny the Lord Jesus. I'm not going to I'm not going to deny my revelation. No. No. He said it's not up here mental theology. It's down here in your heart. It isn't the intellectual faith up here. Remember he said, you know, the first second pool. What? Why? One place he said the first second pool wasn't really the perfect will of God. Why? because it caused carnal impersonation. He said the third pull will not be a public show. It's a secret. It's a secret. It won't be a public show at all. &gt;&gt; But you'll know. We'll know. We'll know. Amen. He said it's a faith that's sunk in your heart. That's why it's the heart. The heart. The heart. The heart. The heart. It's your faith that sunk in your heart. No matter how dark the road looks, you still shout the praises of God because you know God's revealed it to you. And that settles it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God's revealed to you. That settles it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm going to say it again. God's revealed to you. It's the word of God. We know it's the truth. That settles it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's why that's why people sometime needs instructions. Having knowing where your faith lays, not upon man, not on somebody's ritual, not some curious feeling or something other like that. Your faith is built on the word of God. That's where your That's where faith takes its resting place. You love him, brother. God bless you, saints. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. How many appreciates that word this morning? Amen. Amen. I uh I was thinking there a song we could sing. Amen. Whose report? Y'all going to have to help me with that, but I think it's very fitting. &gt;&gt; Whose report you're going to believe? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. There's another song I wish we could learn it sometime. And for the Episcopals Church. Well, it's not Brother Episcopals anymore, but they sing it up there. Uh uh I I believe the true report. And that's a good one, too. I hope we can learn to sing that sometime. But whose report will you believe? I can truly say I believe the report. Amen. This is a time of restitution of all things under Malachi 4. He said about you know the new birth and uh Jesus said he'll restore all things a l it was under revelation 10:7 the mystery of God should be finished. So all these things that's been mysterious, you know, and I was thinking just as brother Terry was reading those last comments, we actually understand Wesley's message more better than actually he did. &gt;&gt; Luther's message the same way all the messengers even in Paul's day. This ain't discredit, but it's the the prophet messenger was to really open up the the book is open. from cover to cover. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank God for it. Let's sing that song. You'll have to help me. Brother Branson, help me out singing and see if you can sing over top of the drums. Amen. Whose report will you believe? Whose report will you believe? He shall believe the report of the Lord. His report says I am healed. His report says I am sealed. His report says I am free. His report says victory. Whose report will you believe? [Music] Whose report will you believe? His [Music] report says I am healed. His report says I am sealed. His report says I am free. His report says victory. [Music] Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. His report says I am healed. Glory. His reort says I am sealed. His reort says I am free. His report says victory. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. You believe the report this morning. and you believe the report to you directly this morning that no matter what you've been struggling with. Amen. And something that's been bothering you, do you believe the report of the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. Give God the opportunity, you know. Amen. You know, I don't want to preach after our brother. And it was good. Amen. And they were the ones that came up with the idea of sending. You see, God had already done all the leg work. He had already did it. But they come up with this thing and you know, even Moses went along with it. Amen. You see, even Moses was a man just like you and I. But you know, but thank God Joshua and Caleb, we're the type of Joshua and Caleb today. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Amen. Let's remember those who are traveling and um Amen. And I I you know, you start to thank people for certain things here in the church, doing things, and you always overlook, let's remember those the sisters that are cleaning the church and the restrooms and all that. Everybody that plays a part, these plants, you know, somebody takes care of them. And everybody that has a part, musicians, big or small, even the one, you know, you put in the offering plate, you know, that's all God sees it. And God knows whether our heart's in it. We got a stingy heart, you know, or or we've got a liberal heart towards the Lord to support, keep the lights on, keep the heat in here, keep the air conditioner going, what have you, the upkeep of the building. Amen. Everyone plays a part. So, may God bless you. Remember our pastor as he travels. They're finishing up the services out there or brother down at brother Fred Mullins. I believe they was that's where he was. So, anyway, let's remember everyone in prayer. And in closing, Amen. Let's just bow our heads. So, I'm going to ask brother Will if he would dismiss with prayer this morning.
