################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Pastor Shawn Martin "Watching As Prophesy Is Fulfilled" Pt. 2 - Shawn Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   Pastor Shawn Martin "Watching As Prophesy Is Fulfilled" Pt. 2
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ydX3oHSEn4
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] This is the day. This is the day the Lord hath made. Oh, this is the day. This is the day that the Lord hath made. That the Lord hath made. We will rejoice. We will rejoice and be glad in it. and be glad. For this is the day that the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. Can we stand? Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise and I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for heath made me glad. Oh, and he hath made me glad. He hath made me glad. I will rejoice for heath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. He hath made me glad. I will rejoice. He hath made me glad. Oh, this is the day. For this is the day that the Lord hath made that the Lord hath made. We will rejoice. We will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in it. This is the day that the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. For this is the day. This is the day that the Lord have made. And I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his parks with praise and I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for he hath made me glad. Oh yes, he hath made me glad. He hath made me glad. I will rejoice for heath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. He hath made me glad. I will rejoice for heath made me glad. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. Maybe we could ask brother uh Terry to dedicate the Lord's presence. resurrection. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Let all of God's people just praise the Lord. Oh, shake off those heavy bands. Lift up your holy hands. Let all of God's people praise the Lord. I've come to praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let all of God's people just praise the [Applause] Lord. Oh, shake off those heavy bands. Lift up your holy hands. Let all of God's people just praise the Lord. Well, praise the [Music] Lord. Praise the Lord. Let all of God's people just praise the Lord. Oh, shake off those heavy things. Lift up your holy hands. Let all of God's people. Can we sing it again now with all your hearts? Well, I've come to praise the Lord. I've come to praise you, Lord. Let all of God's people just praise the Lord. Oh, just shake off those heavy bands. Lift up your holy hands. Let all of God's people praise the Lord. Sing it again. I've come to praise the Lord. Yes. Just praise the Lord. Let all of God's people just praise the Lord. Oh, just shake off those heavy bands. Lift up those holy hands. Let all of God's people praise the Lord. One more time as they come for the offering. Oh, praise the Lord. I've come to praise the Lord. Let all of God's people just praise the Lord. Oh, shake off those heavy hands. Oh, lift up your holy hands. Let all of God's people praise the Lord. Can you give the Lord a hand? Clap of praise this morning. Amen. We've got so much to thank him for. Amen. Brother Josiah. Let's just praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Letious lift our hands toward heaven. Go and praise the Lord. Let's just praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. Sing it again. Let's just praise the Lord. I've come to praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven for praise the Lord. Let's just praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. As you lift your hands toward heaven, praise the Lord. Sing it as a prayer. Oh, let's just praise. I've come to praise you, Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Let us lift our hands toward heaven. Oh, and praise the Lord. Let's just [Applause] praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Music] our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. As they were just placed softly, we've got a few written prayer requests we want to make known this morning. Uh we want to uh pray for uh Sister Zion, um my cousin, brother Caleb Hoffman's wife. Um she's uh needing a touch in her body there. So, let's just keep her in our prayers. Um also um grandpa um he fell was it yesterday day before um so he's been pretty sore so let's just keep him in our prayers this morning um also brother Andrew is uh ministering there in North Carolina so let's just keep him in our prayers uh sister Rhonda has a special request that she wants to make known this morning so let's just remember that request this morning Just keep her in our prayers. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. How many has an unspoken request, but lift your hands? Amen. The Lord sees every need. Maybe we could ask brother Will if he would come and lead us this morning. Amen. We want to uh remember our pastor that the Lord would just move in a special way. [Music] Amen. Heavenly Father, we bow our heads this morning. Lord, we so grateful to be here this morning once again. Father, thank for uh ask that you'll have your hand upon the service this morning, Lord. As always, we come expecting, Lord, Father, from you. Deliver uh your heart, Lord, your mind, the word to God, Lord, deliver it to us this morning, God, that we could just feast upon it, Lord. And all these requests, Lord, that sick and afflicted, Father, with the saints, Lord, that's been uh suffering, Lord. We're just so grateful that they've recovered, Lord, from the past, Lord, here that uh just been suffering with sickness. Father, we ask that you'll uh request answer the request of Sister Rhonda, Lord, that you'll deliver her, Lord, or bless her in any way, Father. And as I find the words to say this morning, Father, I just pray, God, that you'll just have your way in this service, Lord, as you've had in previous times, Father, that you'll bless our pastor, Lord, as he brings forth the word, Lord. We know he labors and study hard, Lord, and trying to seek the mind of you and say just what he needs to say, Lord. What you'd have him to say, Father. We just ask that he'll deliver it just how you'd have it fit, Father. We just thankful for what's going to take place this morning, Lord. You got us a beautiful morning, Lord. Just great day to be a Christian, Father. And we're just so thankful for it, Lord. Looking forward to what's going to take place this morning. Once again, you bless the musicians, Lord. Bless our worship, Lord. And just accept it. We ask it, Lord. and all these things. Lord, we want to give it in your heart and your mind, Lord. Just be upfront, Lord. We want to entertain you, Father. We just want to wash your feet, Lord. We don't want to leave you in the back, Lord. Unattended, Lord. Uh just so grateful for what you're going to do for us, Lord. As we always have, Lord, this service is yours, Father. We just have your way in it, Lord. We give these things to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Let's just praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Let us lift our hands toward heaven. Praise the Lord. Sing it again. Let's just praise the Lord. Come to praise the Lord. Let us lift our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. Let's just praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Keep our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. You can be seated as Sister Jane comes. Oh, let's just praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Let us send our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. Let's just [Applause] praise the [Music] Lord. Lord, let us lift our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. [Music] Sometimes I try to tell what Jesus means to me. And I find myself searching for words to say just what I mean. Well, I never can quite describe how good he's been to me. But I know whatever I need, that's just what he is. He is my rock and my deliverer. He's my savior, my God, and my king. He is my refuge in the time of trouble. Yes, I look to him for everything. He can be a father, a mother or a friend. depend upon him. I can always depend for I know whatever I need, that's just what he is. [Music] For many years now, the Lord has supplied my every need. In times of trouble, he's my strong tower of refuge. You see, this world has nothing to offer me. I'm clinging to him. him for I know whatever I need. That's just what he is. He is my rock and my deliverer. He's my savior, my God, and my king. He is my shelter in the time of trouble. Yes, I look to him for everything. He can be a father, a mother or friend. And upon him I can always depend. For I know whatever I need. That's just what he is. He can be a father, a mother or friend. And upon him I always depend. For I know whatever I need, that's just what he is. [Music] ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, the children had their backs to that Red Sea. And old Pharaoh looked like he had the victory. But the waters rolled on back with the breath he blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. Oh, I may worry and pull my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. And Joshua took a walk around Jericho. And you told him, you told him that the wall would go. Oh, it crumbled at the shout when the trumpets blew. And it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Now Elijah, all them prophets said that he was wrong. Oh, send the fire down to their gods. They prayed all day long. more than heavy lif and down came the fire and ain't nothing it ain't nothing for you. Oh it ain't nothing it ain't nothing for you. Oh I may falter stumble in everything I do. Oh, and I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I was lonely. Sin had broken my heart into. Oh, all the pieces I couldn't mend with the strongest glue. But Lord Jesus, you took the pieces and made me new. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you now. This body is slowly dying without. But I ain't worried. Oh, the skin worms eat my skin. Oh, cuz you'll open heaven's door and I'll walk right in. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. And I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. Any brother Terry got a song for us? Oh, it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for you. Oh, I may falter, stumble in everything I do. And I may worry, hold my breath till my face turns blue. But it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing for [Music] you. Amen. Are you thankful for that this morning? Amen. I'm thankful we got a change coming around the corner very soon. Let's try this key of F. If the Lord could speak this world into existence and could hang the moon and stars up in the sky, then I'll know that he can change this mortal body. I'll be changed in the twinkling of an eye. I shall be changed. Oh, hallelujah. I shall be changed. Sweet by and by the dead in Christ shall rise to meet Jesus in the skies. I'll be changed in the twinkling of an eye. When the trump shall sound on that great morning and the Savior shall descend from heaven's fair. When we see the sleeping saints in that dimension. Oh, I'll be changed. Shall meet them in the air. I shall be changed. Oh, hallelujah. I shall be changed sweet by and by. When the dead in Christ shall rise to meet Jesus in the skies. I'll be changed in the twinkling of an eye. I shall be changed. Oh hallelujah. I shall be changed. Sweet by and by. When the dead in Christ shall rise to be Jesus in the sky. I'll be changed in the twinkling of an eye. [Music] [Applause] And do you believe that this morning? We shall be changed. Oh, we shall be changed. Oh, changed from this mortal immortality. Oh, in the twinkling of an eye. Oh, yes, we shall be changed. Oh, we shall be changed. Oh, changed from this mortal to immortality. Oh, in the twinkling of an eye. Oh yes, we shall be changed. Yes, we shall be changed. Oh, changed from this morning to immortality in the twinkling of an eye. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. It won't be too much longer. Amen. Are we going to be changed? Amen. Can we just stand to our feet as we invite our pastor to come? Amen. How many is ready for the word? Amen. Amen. Can we sing that song? Can you turn the floor down, Judah? Amen. The signs of the time are everywhere. Some signs of the time are everywhere. Oh, there's a brand new feeling in the air. Just keep your eyes upon the eastern [Applause] sky. Lift up your head. Your redemption. Sing it again. Oh, signs of the times are [Music] everywhere. For there's a brand new feeling in the air. Oh, keep your eyes upon the eastern sky. Lift up your head. Your redemption with mine. Oh yes son. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Your redemption draw. Do we have the verse to that? All years of time have come and gone. since I first heard it told. How that Jesus would come again someday. [Laughter] If back then it seems so real that I can't just help but feel how much closer he is coming is. Oh, do you believe that church? Oh, signs of the time are everywhere. There's a brand new feeling in the air. there. Keep your eyes upon the eastern sky. Lift up your head. Your redemption. Is there a second verse to it? Now wars and strife are on every hand. Oh, and violence it fills the land. Still some people doubt that he'll ever come again. My my [Music] my. Oh, but the word of God is true. He's going to redeem his chosen few. So don't lose hope for soon Christ Jesus will descend. Sing it now. Oh signs of the time are [Applause] everywhere. There's a brand new feeling in the air. Keep your eyes, keep your eyes, church, upon him. Hallelujah. Lift up your head. Your redemption draws now. What a time that we're living in. Amen. And I'm so glad to be living in this age. Amen. We may be having the battles and the things that we go through, but brothers and sisters, just any moment now, we're going to see our Lord face to face. And as that song says, it will be worth it all then. Amen. And I love the Lord. Amen. And a beautiful day today. Um and you know I I could say well we needed the rain and uh but I am so glad that the sun is shining today and uh we take every day that the Lord gives us and and rejoice in it. But um uh makes me a little bit more excited to see the sun. Amen. And uh we love the Lord. Um, we've got a dedication. You can be seated. We got a dedication this morning. Uh, little uh Felicity Grace mast. Amen. Going to be dedicated today. And um uh the Lord has blessed brother Junior and and uh Sister Brooke uh with the gift of life and added to their family and we're rejoicing with them and um you know they realize the Lord has blessed them with this baby girl and they want to give her back to the Lord. And I think that is the best thing that we could ever do living in a world of trouble, an evil world. And I guess all of us that have been parents, our parents still you sometimes it just you know situations just leave you perplexed and you as a parent you wish that you know parenting came with a manual and um and everything was just so easy. But there's sometimes that we face challenges that we just ain't got answers for. We don't know what to do. We understand that the Lord is our help, of course, but it's in them times that we just have to wholly rely upon him and let him guide us. And I think it's the greatest honor that we could do for our children. Not only just raising them in the fear of the Lord, but giving them to God. It's not just a ritual that we do. It's it's something that we truly truly ask God to do is bless our children. Keep them when it's beyond me. Just help them. when they're out of my control and when they're somewhere's a way away and Satan is fighting them and it seems like he's got them in his grip, God just just deliver them, help them. And as Job would pray for his children, just in case they had sinned, God had honored him for that. And what a parent. And that's what we do today. Amen. So, um, we're going to sing that song, uh, Bring Them In as, um, Brother Junior and Sister Brooke would make their way. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of sin. Bring them in. will bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Aren't you glad that we can do that today? Not just bringing them to church, but bringing them to the shepherd of our lives, our souls. and he has protected us in so many ways that we have confidence that he'll take care of our children. And um this little baby is just a cutie. [Music] [Music] [Music] This is beautiful. [Music] Super close. [Music] [Music] All right. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of sin. Just bring them in. Oh, bring them in. Bring bring the little ones to Jesus. [Music] Amen. Thank you, musicians. We um also we have a graduation party that we or ceremony that we have been invited to uh the church and brother Cole uh Connor is um to be graduating. Amen. Congratulations, brother Cole. Amen. I know it hadn't been easy. uh or at least it wasn't for me. Um I made it to the 11th grade. So you you doing good. Uh 12th grade there graduating. And um uh so he's going to be graduating uh this s coming Saturday morning, May 24th. And um it's going to be at uh the Christiansburg High School. Where? Where? Blackber. Oh, in Blackburg. Okay. The Castle Coliseum, you said? Uh, so we're going to have this uh in the back here. And so um uh if you'd like to go, it's going to be at 8:30 uh in the morning at uh uh this Saturday. So, we'll have that in the back if you want the information um of where where it is and address. But um uh we just congratulate uh brother Cole and I just really pray that the Lord will just bless him in his journey of life. And I thought school was a challenge. Amen. I realize that was a playground so to speak. um uh uh we find life is really a challenge and uh so uh we just pray that the Lord will direct him and and keep him and may you always just look to the Lord for your help uh Cole. Amen. And uh we love the Lord. Um also a praise report uh last Sunday we had mentioned you know that um brother Schma the family wasn't doing good feeling well and he was just telling me uh this morning that the um uh he was feeling really bad and u he said but the Lord intervened and as we prayed for him Sunday that the Lord uh just took all that away from him And uh so he uh uh wanted to give the praise to God and um he said he'd come back on him Wednesday and uh Wednesday night and um and you know he he can't afford to be off you know he's got to work and and things he can't afford to be sick and so uh uh you know we had been just praying and he said by the end of the service God just totally touched him and he's been feeling well ever since. And so we thank the Lord for that. And uh Sister Bethany and Sister Tony are still recovering from the sickness and shoe. And so uh we want to keep them in our prayer. And uh I don't know something about the this sickness that's going around it just leaves you pretty weak. and and uh uh but um uh we just know that God uh will touch them. Good to um have brother Jerry here with us. Amen. And uh you're feeling better. Praise the Lord. Amen. And um so we we do thank the Lord for that. And the Lord is certainly good to us. Amen. And um we want to keep uh remembering brother Amos in our prayer and that he have a speedy recovery on his fingers there and let the Lord will just um help him uh there and um and then it says here um see I want to thank you brother Sean and uh for having a vision and for bringing true word of God's calling ing to me in your tent meeting three years ago. Praise God for that, Sister Rebecca. And um say, I stand on this verse, Isaiah 43:1. But now, thus sayith the Lord that created thee, oh Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, fear not, for I have redeemed thee. I have called thee by thy name, thou art mine. Amen. I I think we all stand on that one, don't we? Amen. We thank the Lord and we certainly appreciate what God is continuing to do in Sister Rebecca's life and the zeal that she has for the message of the hour and for God's people to help. Amen. In any way that she can and uh we certainly appreciate that. Amen. and just pray God just continues uh to bless her and grant her heart's desire. Amen. And if you would stand with me, I uh going to the word uh Revelations the 13th chapter, a familiar scripture to us. Before we go into the word, may we just talk to the author of the word? Uh for we certainly need him. Lord Jesus, with our heads bowed, our hearts humbled before your presence. Father, we realize every day that we live that we need you and we need your leadership, your guidance. Father, and just asking that you would now take uh the what words that we would have to say and that it would be anointed and that would come from you that you would plant the word into our hearts that we would be better Christians and more prepared for the soon event that is coming. I pray that you would bless the reading of your word, Father, and anoint both speaker and hearer. And may you have the preeminence in this part of the service and any spirit that would try to hinder us, Lord, and maybe get our minds to wander or whatever, Lord. I pray that you would just drive that away. And may we focus upon your word today. We ask it father in Jesus name. Amen. So going to read the the whole chapter um Revelations 13:1. And I stood upon the sand of the sea. And I saw a beast rise up out of the sea having seven heads and 10 horns and having and upon his horns 10 crowns. and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard and his feet uh were as the feet of a bear and his mouth as the mouth of a lion and the dragon gave him his power and his seat and great authority. We know that's Rome. That's Babylon. It's mystery Babylon. Uh, and I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death. Um, and and his deadly wound was healed and all the world wandered after the beast. We know brother Brandham taught that that was pagan Rome becoming papo Rome. And they worshiped the dragon which gave power unto the beast. And they worshiped the beast saying, "Who is like unto the beast? who is able to make war with him. And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies and power was given unto him to continue 40 and two months. And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God to blasphem his name and his tabernacle and them that dwell in heaven. And it was given unto him to make war with the saints and to overcome them. And power was given him over all kindreds, tongues, and nations. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world. And if any man have an ear, let him hear. He that leadth into captivity shall go into captivity. And he that kleth with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the faith of the saints. And I beheld another beast coming out up out of the earth. And he had two horns like a lamb. And he spake as a dragon. And he exercisth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth, and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. And he doeth great wonders. So that he maketh the uh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast, saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast that the image of the beast should both speak and cause uh that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. He uh and he causes all both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond uh to receive a mark in their right hand uh or in their forehead. uh and that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark or the name of the beast or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast for it is the number of a of a uh a man and his number is 66 score and six. Amen. You can have your seats this morning. I am uh not going to get to the main part of this scripture um today, but the Lord willing I plan to do that um in in the near future. But um I guess I want to continue with the subject that we spoke on uh last Sunday. watching as prophecy is fulfilled would be the title. And uh what what we just read is a prophecy. And um uh prophecy uh the word is uh means a foretelling, a forecasting of future events. Webster says uh prophecy is a prediction of something to come. It is an inspired utterance of a prophet. And so, uh, prophecy, it foretells of future events. Uh, in the book of Revelations, John wrote about what he saw and and so this is u uh something that was revealed to John. And he saw things in symbol forms. uh as as we read, he sees this beast rise up and and he's he's talking. He talks about how he saw this uh woman uh sitting on a beast, a scarlet colored beast and and so so any of you that um uh have read Revelations, uh it's a it's a book of symbols. Uh but it was God foretelling of things to come. So this wasn't just John um uh describing something, but it was God. He was he was he was only writing down uh what God uh had revealed to him. And we now see it. It was foretelling a prophecy of something to come. You see, God can foretell of things to come because he has an infinite mind. He knows what will be. How many believes that he knows what will be in your life, your future? He knows what will be in the church. He knows what will be in the world. Um and and so therefore, God knows all things. He knows all things. He knows the past, the present, and and the future. And so, we wouldn't know what the past was if God hadn't showed us. uh um and and um you know I know we have historians uh that that you know that they're there to tell us about the past and what what happened in life and things like that but historians don't have an infinite mind and therefore it is impossible for them to give an accurate account especially if if they weren't there uh and even if they were there they still couldn't give an accurate account with God's help. Uh it took God to tell us uh what Adam and Eve look like um uh that that uh uh Eve had blonde hair and and described what how uh their their what they were and uh it took God to tell us what really happened in the Garden of Eden in the beginning. It took God to tell us even what caused uh the World War I to uh stop abruptly. Uh um and so no historian could tell us these things but but God knew. And so it it also uh takes God to reveal what the present is. uh uh no no genius mind can uh tell us exactly what is going on in the present world. Looking at the wars and looking at the nations and looking at nature itself in an upheaval and and all of the things that are going on around the world all these events and yet not one knows it would take God to reveal it as to what is happening. It took God to reveal what the future is. See, so he's the only one that has the the the an infinite mind. And the Bible would would say, you know, uh known unto God are all of his works from the beginning. And so the prophet said, God by his fornowledge foresaw it, and therefore from the beginning he could tell the end. So So this is uh uh prophecy. there's uh uh God foretelling of things that that are to come and and so according to scripture God forneew what would be and not only forneew it but he for ordained it uh what would be uh just like Ephesians 1 and5 having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. So, so God from the beginning uh before time had already predestinated us to the adoption of of children by Jesus Christ. Romans 8:29, for whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them he also called. Whom he called, he also justified. whom he justified them he also glorified. So, so there's a future for the saints of God. And and and we can read our future already. And and that's because it came from the mind of God. See, it was God calling those things or we could say prophesying of those things that are not as though they already were. He was foretelling of things that were to come. He called them just as Abraham called those things that are not as though they were. How could Abraham do that? Because it was a prophecy concerning him and Sarah that they would have a son. And and so he caught the mind of God. And therefore he acted upon it because it was just as sure to him as it was to God. God says, "You'll have a son." And he says, "I will have a son." And so therefore, he began to call those things as though, uh, they already were. Ain't that right? And so, uh, uh, prophecy is the predestinated plan of God. The, it's the will of God for the future. Amen. So, uh, now think of that. Prophecy is the predestinated plan of God. It's the will of God for the future. Amen. So therefore, all prophecy that is of God must come to pass. For prophecy is the word of God. Do you believe that? Uh uh when God declares what will be, it will be uh because it's from his word and it's his will that it be. And and and to to understand, Amen. Uh these things, we have to just say that God is all wise and he knows. He knows how to place it. He knows what to do. He knows what he's doing. And and and the Bible says, "Who hath known the mind of Christ?" Well, no one can figure God's mind out. But once he reveals his mind to us, Amen. As Paul said, we have the mind of God. We have the mind of Christ. Amen. It's it's a mind that has been revealed. Ain't that right? So Jesus says, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." So when when looking at prophecy then we know that there there is nothing out of cater everything has to line up according to prophecy. Amen. The world events have to line up according to prophecy. Uh uh nature has to line up according to prophecy. Amen. Nations have to line up. Kings and princes and presidents and and and uh all the way down to the puper. Amen. uh everything has to line up according to the prophecy because it is the word of God. And we know that the prophet says that God set his word his we we'll say set prophecy his prophecy his word to be fulfilled in time segments or church ages. uh to Israel. They had 70 70 weeks I believe uh uh there uh seven 70 weeks and God would allow them and within that 70 weeks things would transpire uh uh and we know that that Christ was to be cut off in the middle of that 70th week and he was he was crucified and grace God turned the turned toward the Gentiles and so the Jews have been blinded all this time. uh uh nothing really happening until this last day. But we know that they've got 3 and 1/2 weeks left uh that God is going to deal with them and and in that time he's going to seal 144,000 Jews. Ain't that right? But God has allotted a time for us and that is seven church ages uh uh for the Gentiles. Uh but but but it it's a word. See uh uh his prophecy to be uh fulfilled in segments of time. In other words, it didn't happen all at once. Amen. Just like God would give a prophecy to Noah. It's going to rain. 120 years later, that prophecy was fulfilled. Amen. So, we understand that. Yet, yes, prophecy is going to be fulfilled. But then we understand that there's a timing for it to be fulfilled. Ain't that right? Amen. Last week we read where Solomon wrote in Ecclesiastes 3 and1 uh to everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under heaven. Ain't that right? So we as believers don't get discouraged. Amen. when when uh uh things uh uh go go uh maybe seem upheaval and things are going wrong and you know the saying when it rains it pours and and how many believes that to be true. Amen. I I mean anything you know the dog can bite somebody and at the same time your car breaks down and at that same time something else happens and then something else. Well, it happened to Job. I I read or I heard that that in Job, everything that happened to Job happened in a year's time. So, it really rained. It poured on him. And and so in a year's time, uh uh but but we find that there is a timing, a time to plant, a time to pluck up that which is planted, as Solomon would say, a time to kill, a time to heal. Ain't that right? Amen. Aren't you glad for them times? He ain't want to kill everybody at one time, you know, always, you know, uh a time to kill, a time to heal, a time to break down, a time to build up. So, so we understand that there there's not just it happens in the world. It happens in our lives. It happens that we go through drought seasons. It happens that we we go through times where we feel like God has left us and and we're wondering what what what where are we at? What's happening? And where are you, God? And where am I at? and and how am I fitting in all this plan of yours and and all these things we go through them times. I I I think everyone from from the most seasoned Christian to the very uh uh immature Christian, we go through time, but we understand by prophecy that these things happen. These are seasons in our life. Time to plant, time to pluck up that which was planted, right? Amen. and and and the time to build a time to break down and so so God but but remember when God builds it, it's everlasting. What God truly plants, it's it's an eternal planting. Ain't that right? Amen. See, but there's things in our life. There's always changes that that that that go in our life. God puts people in our lives and God takes people out of our lives and and and and and it it it's just a constant a constant thing. So therefore, but we look at at prophecy and we rest in prophecy. Amen. Ain't that right? Amen. See, and so so we we find that I if if if there's a time, then it pays to know what season we are in. Amen. It pays to know what season we are in. If if it is planting season, then don't look for fruit. Amen. Because that's not the season for it. But remember, there is a time for the fruit to come. It's just in another season. But according to the prophecy, we just wait. If you're in the time of uh where there ain't no fruit and everything's barren and and and you you planted and and yet uh uh you're not seeing anything right now, Amen. Just remember according to prophecy, the fruit has to come. Amen. See? Amen. And so springtime is the season to plant corn. Fall is the season to harvest it. Amen. But there's seasons in in everything. So So what if there was no such thing as prophecy? Well, we wouldn't be able to understand modern events uh without prophecy. We wouldn't know what to expect. Amen. If we didn't have prophecy to forewarn us or foretell us of of what to happen now, now as a Christian, you know, in your trials is that's when the devil really beats you up. And and he tries to he'll tell you he'll he'll almost convince you that you're lost. You're not going in a rapture. You're too you're too bad. You're too far gone. You just, you know, you ain't going to make it. look at this fault and that fault and this fault and this fault and duh. Well, if we didn't have prophecy to rest our soul upon. Well, then what would we do? But we rest in prophecy. We rest in the fact that there is coming a time. Amen. Where Satan is going to be defeated. He'll be thrown in hell. Amen. And there's nothing that he can do about it. Amen. There's a prophecy that was is being laying there all this time. No weapon formed against you is going to prosper. See, so so we have prophecy to to rest our life upon. Amen. See, uh uh if we didn't have prophecy, we we would just live our life without any hope of a future because we wouldn't know that there was a future. Ain't that right? See, so so uh again, without prophecy, well, you know, we wouldn't have any hope when when we're going through our night seasoning in our life. H how does a man have hope if he doesn't know the future? Cuz Satan will get us to thinking that this is all there is for us. We're we're going down, you know. But then there there there's a prophecy like like uh uh uh Psalms 30 and5. Amen. It says, "Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning." Well, see, that's a prophecy for us. God knows, amen, that yes, he under He knows you're going to go through night seasons, but he also knows that the sun's coming up. He also knows the sun's going to shine. And he also knows that you may be weeping now, but there's a time of joy that is coming. These are prophecies for us in our times, amen, that we can look to and it's God fortelling of our life that Satan ain't writing the end of your story. Satan ain't he ain't writing your story. It's God and prophecy is what's holding you. Amen. Seasons of your life. Amen. And so we thank God for prophecy. Ain't that right? See, it's foretelling of what it's going to be. If we didn't have that prophecy, well, we wouldn't expect for our situation to change, right? Sure. So, we we would think that the nighttime was forever and that our weeping would continue for a lifetime. So, so believers as believers we and we draw comfort by prophecy. Amen. 1 Peter 1 and3 uh uh is another prophecy here uh uh blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ which according to his abundant mercy abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead. Notice to an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled that fadeth not away reserved in heaven for you. That's a prophecy. God didn't just save you to sit on a pew. He didn't save you so you just go to hell. He saved you because there's an eternal inheritance that cannot fade away. It's incorruptible and it's waiting in heaven for you. See, that's a prophecy. see uh uh who are kept by the power of God through faith under salvation ready to be revealed in the last time wherein you greatly rejoice though now for a season if need be you are in heaviness through manifold temptations that the trial of your faith being much more precious than of gold that perisheth though it be tried with fire might be found unto the praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ. Another prophecy. Can you say amen? See, it's foretelling of what's going to happen after the trying of our faith. Yes, your faith is going to be tried. That's true. But notice the prophecy behind that. See, that you might be found under praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ. So what Satan means for bad and means to destroy you, there's a prophecy saying it can't destroy you. You're going to be found unto the praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ. Ain't that right? See, if we didn't have such prophecy, well, we wouldn't know that the trying of our faith, see uh uh what had any value in it. We would just think that the trials was there. But then we understand according to prophecy that hold it. This is the trying of my faith. Come on. Can you say amen? So, we take comfort in prophecy that comes from God, knowing that it has to come to pass. It's the word of God. I believe the woman at the well was comforted by the prophecy that foretold of the coming Messiah. Although she was a prostitute, she was an outcast. She was just a no good individual. uh running around with men and totally contradicting you know Moses' law that's for sure and you know she's just a harlot but she held to the prophecy in in what she was going through there she knew that there had been a prophecy and she watched for it to be fulfilled the Lord think about it she believed in it regardless of her condition you see where we're at. No matter what your condition is this morning, you still look for the rapture. You still look for the changing of your body. You still look. We're looking because prophecy, right? And and and so she recognized the Messiah when he came to her and done the works of Messiah. And the reason she did this and recognized it is because she knew what the prophecy said he would do. Amen. and she looked for it. Remember she said, "We know that when the Messiah cometh, he will do these things." And all he had to say is, "I am he." And quickly she was redeemed. Amen. Quickly her sins were forgiven her. Ain't that right? So, thank God for prophecy. How could we believe in a millennium if it were not told beforehand? Amen. How how how could we preach about a rapture if there wasn't a prophecy spoken or written of it? How could we look forward to the changing of our body uh uh if it wasn't foretold of us uh foretold us of of such an event? How could we be excited in a time when when the great tribulation is setting in all around us and and and and and the people are uh in the spirit of the last days. they they they're preparing or they're already prepared for such an event and all these things. But but how could we be excited when when it's all around us if there hadn't been a prophecy, a man, that was saying that we would not go through that? Praise the Lord. How could we talk about meeting our loved ones who have gone to the grave if there wasn't a prophecy telling us beforehand that this is what's going to happen? Amen. Amen. See, so prophecy gives us a hope. Praise the Lord. All believers believe in prophecy. Do you believe in prophecy? Amen. All believers believe in it. And because we are, we believe in it, we're not caught off guard, when it happens. Amen. When it is fulfilled. Now, the world gets caught off guard. The church gets caught off guard. Everybody was caught off guard about this pope. Yeah. American pope. But a believer wasn't. We've been watching for this way before it come. I mean, you know, when I first heard about it and come into the message and read that, I've been looking for American Pope coming. That's right. I just been looking for it. But even the Catholic church, even the Catholics were surprised. But not not not not the believers because there's been a prophecy laying. Can you say amen? So So because we believe in prophecy, we expect it to happen. How many expects it to happen? Now, now I I know there's going to be a rapture. I'm expecting it. Prophecy says so. I'm expecting for this old body to change and and my hair, what have I have fallen out, it's coming back. and all this grave that's trying to set in is going to be reversed. And and the aches and the pains that I've been feeling, it it ain't going to be there no more because there's a prophecy. And I can tell you ahead of time before it happens, it's coming. It's going to happen because there's a prophecy that is laying there. Ain't that right? Well, that is the same way when we go through our trials and we go through things and we're looking and we don't you let the devil just beat you up. Sure. If we ever let the devil get us to a place, we would all quit. We would sat down. I would just quit. I'd quit preaching. I'd quit singing. I'd quit I' I'd quit it all. But there's a prophecy. I don't go by my feelings. I'm going by a prophecy that there's a joy coming in the morning. Something's going to happen. This the situation's changing, brother Tim. It's got to change. Lord was a prophecy. Amen. That's right. Can you say amen? See, so we expect it to happen. And and David says in Psalms uh 62 and5, he said, "My expectation is from the Lord." Can you say that? My expectation is from him. From the Lord. Ain't that right? So our our expectation doesn't come from a politician or uh uh that that uh that the promises that he makes. It it doesn't come from a doctor's report. Well, you're getting better. one of these days you're you you know uh uh all these things. Our expectation doesn't come from the word of some man. Our expectation comes from the Lord because what he says comes from an infinite mind. He knows what will happen. He is sure that it's going to happen. There ain't no devil going to stop what's happening. Amen. He has tried and he has tried and he's tried to keep this bride from coming forth. Amen. But a prophecy said there's going to be a bride without spot, wrinkle, or blemish. And I don't care what he puts on her. I don't care what he does to her. She's going to be there because God said it. He saw her from the foundation of the world. And there ain't nothing Satan can do. See, so we're our hopes are built upon prophecy. You see, believers throughout time have have gone to their grave looking for certain things to happen and not only look but believing that they will happen. Amen. See, God foretold of the Messiah uh uh coming 4,000 years before he actually came. He actually foretold of it years before then. Amen. For a lamb was slain before the foundation of the world. But when when when God told Eve, Amen. Uh uh uh Satan's going to bruise uh uh the or the serpent shall bruise thy seed the the the heel, but but thy seed's going to bruise his head. He was promising a Messiah. Ain't that right? See, so from the time of that prophecy to the time that it was fulfilled, the people through all of that segment of time lived their entire life. Now, no, not not everybody, but that elect. Amen. When they heard the promise of Messiah, they were passing it down to their children and their children's children and their they kept that prophecy alive. And the people lived for that day. They were looking for that day. The elect. Ain't that right? Amen. See, they were looking, believing. They they they lived their entire life looking for this Messiah, this prophecy to be fulfilled. Hebrews 11:13, these all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them aar off, and were persuaded of them, embraced them, and confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on this earth. Can you say amen? See, God had let them see what he was talking about and they saw Messiah. They saw the revelation of him. Amen. As I've said before, Amen. They might have looked at that natural lamb, but they can look up and see a true lamb coming. Amen. And they never looked at that natural lamb anymore. They kept their eyes upon that lamb. Yes, I'd kill this lamb. And yes, it's an atonement, but I'm really redeemed by that lamb. Amen. and they died in faith based upon the prophecy. So it's not just believing in prophecy, but it's understanding prophecy when it is being fulfilled. Ain't that right? Now we look in as a whole, as a nation, the Jews expected prophecy. They knew the prophecy spoken of Messiah and they believed in it. They expected Messiah to come, but they didn't understand the prophecy. Is that right? So like when Jesus rode into Jerusalem on a donkey. Amen. There there were those that were throwing pomegranates and they were crying hosana, hosana. Amen. And and then but then there was that religious sect that was saying who is this? What's happening? Guy riding on a donkey and everybody's throwing palm, you know, palm branches and all this. Something wrong. See, they knew prophecy. They knew the Messiah was coming, but they didn't understand prophecy being fulfilled, right? See, and so Paul would say, "Had they known, they wouldn't have crucified the Lord of glory." See, so brother Bram said it's so easy for people to misunderstand what God is doing. See, the Bible is a book of prophecy, but it's also a book of mystery. Amen. Uh, Brother Brown would say, "Yet to the world, it is a mysterious book." Ain't that right? Because the human mind is not capable of interpreting the mind of God. As the prophet said, we can't even cannot even interpret each other's mind, let alone God's mind. Ain't that right? So, so people believe that the Bible is just a mysterious book, a book of mystery. See, but it is a book of mystery until God reveals it. That's why Brother Brandham says, "Pray for revelation above all things." Pray for revelation because this book is is a book of prophecy, but it's a mysterious book to those that don't understand God's mind. That's right. Amen. The Jews proved it to us that if a man doesn't understand prophecy, he'll miss the prophecy when it is fulfilled. Brother Brandham said the way Jesus came the first time was different from their understanding of that prophecy. Yeah. They read the prophecy, the virgin shall conceive, but it it was it was different to their understanding of their of the prophecy. Ain't that right? So, so they didn't understand the prophecy the way it was given by the prophet. So, the the prophecy was fulfilled, but not the way they thought it would be. Brother Bram said, "See, but they should have understandtood it being that they were Hebrews." He says, "Hebrews, you know, watch after signs and prophets because that was to be their messenger." And that's the reason that they should have never failed to have known him because he was coming, the son of man. They accused him one time of being with sinners, hanging out with the sinners and eating with the the sinners and publicans and all that. and and and uh uh but they should have understood. They should have understood it because Jesus said the son of man comes to seek and save that which was lost. See, but they didn't understand. Brother Brown said they had their own theology. They had their theology of good living and being fine people and so forth, but they didn't understand what really their Messiah was to be. Oh, they they had the codes and the ethics and the way to live and they had it all down to the tea, but their understanding of prophecy was very little. Amen. And brother Brown said that same thing could so easily happen again that we could misunderstand it in some way. Right. So he says there's only one way to make sure that we don't misunderstand it. And he said find out what he was back then. And the scripture tells us that he's still the same, right? And then find out by scriptures how he's going to manifest himself when he comes. Right? See, because the prophecy of his coming and how he would come and and what he would do has already been written in the book of prophecy. So this Bible is his prophet. It's full of prophecy. It's a book of prophecy. It's the complete revelation of Jesus Christ all the way through. So he says we ought to search it and see what day we're living in because we might be caught in the same trap. Prophecy being fulfilled and miss it. Amen. Now we know that prophecy is being fulfilled today. We are assured of that. No question. Amen. But not the way in the way that people think it should be. So we're already seeing that people have a misunderstanding of what prophecy is. Yeah. But it tells us that people haven't searched the scriptures. I believe had the church world today understood what who the prophet of Malachi 4 was, they wouldn't have rejected his message. Right? Had they understood as to what form the son of man was to reveal himself, they would have not kicked him out of the age of the church. Had they understood how the rapture was to unfold, they would not be left behind and going into tribulation. Ain't that right? Prophecy of rapture is being unfolded right now being fulfilled. Ain't that right? Yeah. So, so we see that men are rising up as the 400 prophets did in the days of Ahab and Makaya and they're rising up and they're prophesying of things to come that is not for the season of this time. Right. Yeah. So if a prophecy uh uh someone gives a prophecy and it takes away from the word or adds to the word then they stand in in danger cuz their name will be taken their part will be taken out of the book of of life. Ain't that right? See so so their their prophecy has to be false. If if if it's contrary to the prophecy here, then the prophecy has to be false. Amen. Now, first Kings 22 and1, I'm I'm just going to read lengthy here, but it gives us the count of the 400 prophets and what happened. It says, "And they continue three years," talking about Israel. I don't know what's going on with that speaker, but uh they continued three years without war between uh Syria and Israel. Turn that off. And it came to pass in the third year, turn these mains on. If if they're not on, turn them on. Turn these off. Uh it come to pass in the third year that Jehoshaphat the king of Judah came down to the king of Israel. And the king of Israel said to his servants, "Know ye that Ramothth in Gilead is ours and we be still and take it not out of the hand of the king of Syria." And he said unto Jehoshaphat, "Wil thou go with me to battle to Ramoth Gilead?" And Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, I am as thou art. My people as thy people, my horses, as thy horses, as thy horses. Uh, and Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, inquire, I pray thee at the word of the Lord today. Then the king gathered uh the prophets together about 400 men, and said unto them, Shall I go to against Ramothgilead to for to battle, or should I or shall I forebear? And they said, "Go up." See, prophecy go up for the Lord shall deliver it into the hand of the king. Now, that was a good prophecy. How many believes that? That that was a good prophecy. Any any Bible believer knows that that was a pretty good prophecy. See, but and and and they were all saying the same thing. So, it it it sounded good, right? Yeah. And Jehoshaphat though being a righteous man said, "But is there not a prophet of the Lord besides?" Amen. That we might inquire of him. So So he wasn't a a righteous man. Wasn't just willing to accept all prophecy. Oh my, how the people of today are just willing to accept anything that sounds good. See, but but Jehoshaphat wasn't willing just to accept any prophecy that came forth. And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, "Oh yeah, there is one man uh Maya, the son of Imla, uh by whom we may inquire of the Lord, but I hate him, for he does not prophesy good concerning me, but evil." And and Jehoshaphat said, "Let not the king say so." and and and and the king of Israel called an officer and said, "Hasten hither Micaiah uh Makaya uh the son of Imla." And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah sat each on his throne having on put on their robes in a void place in the entrance of the gate of Samaria. and all the prophets prophesied before them and and and uh Zedekiah the son of um uh well his father I don't know Jana something like that made him horns of iron and he said thus sayeth the Lord with these thou shalt push the Syrians until thou hast consumed them and all the prophets prophesied so saying go up to Ramad Gilead and prosper for the Lord shall deliver it into the king's hand and the messenger that was gone to Micaaya said uh spake unto him, saying, "Now, behold now, the words of the prophets declare good unto the king with one mouth. Let thy word I pray thee be like the word of one of them, and speak that which is good." And Micaiah says, "As the Lord liveth, what the Lord saith unto me, that will I speak." So he came to the king, and the king said unto him, Mckaya, shall we go against Rama's Gilead to battle, or shall we forbear? And he answered and said, "Go and prosper, for the Lord shall deliver it into the hand of the king." Now notice, I I just think this is, you know, uh uh funny. And the king said unto him, "How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the Lord?" Hey, that's funny. You know, he's got all these guys telling going up, going on up. It's thus sayith the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord, go on up. And here comes a true prophet standing there and he tells him saying, "Go on up. The Lord's with it." Now, how many times I told you, you tell me the truth. So he says, "All right." He said, "I saw all Israel scattered upon the heels as a sheep that have not a shepherd, and the Lord said, these have no master. Let them return every man to his house in peace." And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, "Did not I tell thee that he would prophesy no good concern of me but evil?" And he said, "Hear thou therefore the word of the Lord. I saw the Lord sitting on his throne, and all the host of heaven standing by him on his right hand and on his left." And the Lord said, "Who shall persuade Ahab that he may go up and fall at Ramth of Gilead?" And one said on this manner, another said on this manner, and there came forth a spirit, and stood before the Lord, and said, I will persuade him. And the Lord said unto him, wherewith he says, well, I will go forth and I will be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. See, and he said, thou shalt persuade him. Th what a prophecy. Thou shalt pro persuade him and prevail also. Go forth and do so. Now therefore, behold, the Lord hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of all these thy prophets, and the Lord hath spoken evil concerning thee. So this lying spirit, Brother Brown said, come from the pits of hell. Amen. Can you say amen? This ought to tell us that Satan cannot do what he wants to anytime he thinks he can. That's right. He is doing what God has bid him to do. Ain't that right? Now it is true that they were the seed of Abraham. It is true that God had given them the land for possession. It it is true that the prophecy says that that God told Abraham, "Thy seed shall possess the gates of their enemy." All of these things were true. But there had been a prophecy. Amen. Also spoken against Ahab, right? Yeah. And so in First Kings 21:19, the Lord tells the prophet Elijah what to say to Ahab. And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, thus sayith the Lord, hast thou killed and also taken possession. See? And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus sayith the Lord, in the place where the dogs lick the blood of Nabth, shall dogs lick thy blood, even thine. Amen. So now there's a prophecy, right? Yes. So, this prophecy had been laying there all that time. I don't know how many years it was laying there, but it had been laying there. Amen. And now it was the season for it to be fulfilled. So, all of these other prophets that were prophesied going up, going up, it sounded good. It was a good prophecy and it seemed to be right according to scripture, but it wasn't the season. That's right. Right. See, so prophecy is not just randomly fulfilled. That's right. I don't think it was just random that we've got a pope from America. I don't think it's just random that we've got a whole cabinet of of the president's cabinets that are Catholics. I don't think it's just random that our new pope is having a mass today, inaugurational mass, and and and most of the top or all the top associates of of of Trump's cabinet are there. I don't think it's just random that that that we're having issues in the world. There's a timing for things prophecy that had been laying there and laying there for years and years and years. Christians have have gone to the grave believing it. We're sitting here watching these things. Prophecy. Amen. Brother Brown said, "Isn't it strange that that king after that prophecy and putting it on the word of God that he still didn't understand that he went right on anyhow because the word of God had to be fulfilled?" Amen. Can you say amen? So even prophecy doesn't convince people. Now closely he says put on your shock proof jackets. Isn't it a strange thing that God will send a truth to a people and in spite of all the preaching till you could get horse and die people will plunge right on down the road after some kind of fantastic fanaticism instead of stay with the word of God. Why? The Bible says they were ordained of old to this condemnation. They went out from us because they wasn't of us. Paul says after my departing uh grievious woos will uh come uh men of your own groups will raise up perverse things. He said if an angel from heaven would preach any other thing than what I've taught, let him be accursed. God can vindicate it. God can send a man and vindicate it so supernaturally and people still plunge into death. It has to be because it was ordained to be prophecy has to be fulfilled, right? No doubt these 400 prophets were sincere in what they were saying. Brother Ram said, "These men weren't just overnight men. They were selected handpicked group, but it was man's hands that picked them. God had picked one little old holy roller. Yeah, that right. Good men, sincere men. But notice what happened. A lying spirit entered them. Think about it. I wonder what they would have done if it wasn't just a lying spirit. If it was just them. And Ahab says, "What shall we do?" Well, I don't know about that. I don't know. But God says, "Who will I persuade? Who will I send to persuade Ahab?" See, the time of prophecy must be fulfilled. And I got to persuade him to go. So this lying spirit says, "I'll go. I'll get into them mouths." Man, think about it. So that that lying spirit was able to cause every one of those so-called prophets to prophesy a lie. Brother Brian said because they didn't know the word. I want you to understand that. See a a a lying spirit or any spirit of Satan cannot come to that elect. Cannot get into the mouth of of the elect. Those that know the word to be true. Hello. But these men did not know the word. They didn't know that there was a prophecy there. They hadn't studied the prophecies. They didn't know the season, the timing that they were in. So therefore, because they didn't know the word, a lying spirit was able to get into them and prophesy a lie. Oh yeah. Now, Brother Brandham tells it like this. He said that line spirit said, "I can get in that seminary easy cuz they don't have no more much prayer meeting and no agonizing. There's nothing around there. No blood. So I can just walk in anytime I want to. I can take possession of that thing, that whole denomination. I can get the I can get the whole thing. They they don't even believe in the blood. I can take the whole thing." God said, "That's right. You can do that." Yeah. And that spirit says, "Well, I can go down and get in them fellas and cause them to prophesy lie. All them preachers, every one of them, all the great theology, I'll just blind their eyes from the word. That's all I have to do is keep that word so they that they can't see it." You know, God does that a lot of times. He says they got eyes and can't see, ears and can't hear. Said, "I'll blind their eyes and they can't see it." I'm just go down and cause them to be inspired and they'll prophesy a lie. So, not all inspiration is of God. Amen. And no, not all prophecy is of God. That's right. Can you say amen? Now, notice what he says, brother, if there's anything that a bornagain Christian ought to know and study, that's the word of God. You should be in these tapes on a daily basis. You should be praying. You should be reading on a daily basis the Bible. That's right. Hello. Cuz I'm telling you, we're living in the greatest deception. You think that was something? Amen. Them them them 400 prophets to be deceived. It wasn't even written that they would be deceived uh a forehand on that certain thing. Micaiah the prophet just saw the meeting in heaven. That's right. But it has been written in this last day that this would be the most deceptive age ever. Amen. That it would deceive the very elect if it was possible. But it's not possible. God sent a prophet with thus sayith the Lord. The lamb has opened the word. We ought to know the word. Can you say amen? I don't want to know what your thoughts are. I don't want to know your lifestyle and what your little convictions are and what you think. I want to know what the word says. Give me the word. Right. We got to know the word. See, so listen, brother Brandon says another place. Listen, you old saint. Shame on you. That's been saved for 20 and 30 years and still known still know no more about the word of God than to fall for some little sensation. Are we not seeing these things happen? Amen. People fall for prophecy. They fall for some little gift that a man has or whatever and he can say something and they'll just leave a church. They'll leave this. They'll go this and they just follow right on checking that word. Got to know the word. Amen. So he said, "See, you've been living on excitement." Now he's talking to the Pentecostals. You've been living on excitement upon your church. Oh, we have this church. It's the biggest. Well, he's probably talking to everybody, all the denominations and all that. It's the biggest in the city one of these days. We'll build a bigger church uh than them over there. See, you got your head in the television at night. You're reading that old True Story magazine and all kinds of Tommy Rot like that when you ought to have your head daily in the word of God. People's got Satan's got it to where people just don't get into the word no more. Movies have become such a thing. Television to where people can't even conquer that stupid old devil. Amen. Then on top of that, we've got we we've got our phones and people are getting away from the real sincerity of the word. When's the last time you really listened to a tape? When's the last time you just sat there and listened to what a prophet of God said and prayed over it and said, "God, reveal that to me." Well, church, you better do it. We got to know the word. We got to get into that word. Can you say amen? Now, remember the prophet talked or Jesus talked about four grounds and the seed was sowed on all them grounds. But Satan was able to take over. The word was sowed on one ground and Satan was able to take over. A word was fall on another ground and Satan was able to take over to where the word did not have an effect. It was only on good ground. And I'm not here trying to scare anybody, but I am trying to say we ought to live sober in this age. That's right. Amen. That's true, brother. when you ought to have your head daily in the word of God. He said, "Now to you preachers," I was talking to the leoty. Now to you preachers, if you didn't have your mind on whether you was going to be a big shot or not, whether you was going to go to the next conference, they're going to put a feather in your hat or your little denomination's going to do this or that or the other. You got your head in other things besides the word of God. When that enemy comes to the city, you'd be standing on the wall warning the people about it. Can you say amen? See why? Because you know the word. Not preaching your opinion, not preaching your idea, not preaching your own little convictions, but you're preaching from thus sayith the Lord. Why? Because you know the word for the hour. Ain't that right? Satan's got the children caught up in movies and and he's starting them off because parents let them got our phone these days and play the cartoons and of anything. We we don't care. It's all kids stuff. How ignorant people can get. You let some old backsliding gay guy come up with some cartoon and we all think it's funny and cute and sit there and let our children watch it. That's right. And we know good and well they're half gay anyways and homosexuals and communists and everything else out of that hell hole. That's exactly right. Amen. Satan's got them caught up in video games and all kinds of entertainment to where they don't know the word. Can you say amen? Parents get caught up in church fights and church arguments and caught up in this and that and this and you know following this gift, that gift, some personality, traditions and all these things and they're ignorant of Satan's agenda. They just fall right in the trap of it because they don't know the word. They don't know prophecy being fulfilled. Yeah. You remember there's a prophecy. Brother Brand warned that church said, "You better watch it. You're living close right now. You're close together right now." But remember my warning. Satan ain't going to let it stay that way. He'll send someone in under the skies of everything and then all of a sudden shoot a poison dart. People don't know that prophecy. They don't care about such prophecies as that. Amen. It's prophecies, right? Amen. And so they're wrapped up in everything and they don't know the word. So what does that mean? It makes it so easy as it was for that lying spirit to get in them preachers. It became so easy for Satan to make havoc in the church. Makes havoc in the home. Make havoc in our minds. Make havoc everywhere to where we're just following him. Lead. He's just leading enticing spirits. Oh, I'm just so discouraged. I'm just so this. Hey, what about down the road? What about this? What about that? Okay. Okay. Okay. You You understand what I'm saying? Because we don't know the word. The Bible says he's the god of this age. Brother Bram said people worshiping Satan thinking and they're ignorantly worshiping Satan because they don't know the word and they're thinking they're worshiping God. It's prophecy. prophecy being fulfilled. Right? So, we find that they're ignorant of the fact that this is the season for Satan to become incarnate in a man. You realize that it's already prophesied that Satan's going to become incarnate in a man. Right? And the people don't know the word. They're putting him there. They're in the season of the age. Yes. deceived, following these things, blessing things that that God has cursed, and cursing things that God has blessed because they're ignorant of the season that they're living in about prophecy. That's right. So, they're ignorant of the fact that they're worshiping Satan and thinking they're worshiping God. They're ignorant of the word, the prophecy of this last day. Ain't that right? And sa Satan is able to speak through them, use them as he did those 400 prophets. But that true prophet knew the word. Aren't you glad we had a prophet that knew the word? Yes, sir. Satan, that lying spirit couldn't get in that prophet. I don't care what these critics say. Amen. Brother Brandon wasn't a liar. He wasn't preaching his opinion. He was preaching, "Thus said the Lord, to get a bride ready for this day so that we could lean upon them prophecies and not be deceived." Amen. That's right. That's the truth. That lying spirit couldn't get in that prophet's mouth. Did you know he can't get in the mouth of this bride either? Prophet said the bride, the word is already in the bride. She has thus sayith the Lord or she keeps still. Can you say amen? There's a line of spirits going all around. People prophesying good things for America, good things for the world. Revival's coming. Revival's coming. Revival's coming. It ain't coming. A prophet's already prophesied. Don't even pray for America. That's right. Amen. That's right. You realize that this is the season that the wheat and tears are maturing, sir. Fulfilling prophecy. Brother Brandham says, "Watch. The tears are already maturing fast, very fast, under corrupt teachers who turn the people from the word. But the weed also must mature. And to her, God is sending the prophet messenger with a vindicated ministry that he might be accepted by the elect. I'll accept him. I accept his message. They will hear him as the first church heard Paul. And she will mature in the word until becoming a word bride. The mighty works will be found in her that are always attended upon the pure word and faith. Can you say amen? So you see that God didn't send a true prophet to deceive the people. I'm not deceived by following a vindicated message. God promised to send the spirit of truth in this day. How many believes that he promised it? See, and it came to a prophet and anointed him to tell us the truth. Amen. As that lion spirit coming to them 400 p uh uh uh uh uh 400 prophets, I could imagine God waiting for this time in the time of deception. God would see a spirit of truth to anoint a prophet to speak thus sayith the Lord and reveal the mysteries to us. Hallelujah. That we could be ready for a rapture. Amen. Bless the name of the Lord. Lord, it revealed the day we're living in. It revealed what is to take place in this day. revealed the believer's future and the unbeliever's future. Can you say amen? And yet at the same time, there's a lying spirit that has anointed false prophets to lie, prophesy a lie. It's already prophesied that it would come. Right? Matthew 7:15, Jesus said, "Beware of false prophets which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves." Matthew 24:11, breaking in, "Many false prophets shall arise and shall deceive many." Matthew 24:24, for there shall arise false Christs and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. 1 John 4:1, beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits, whether they are of God. For many false prophets, because many false prophets are gone out into the world. Can you say amen? And brother Brown said they have to go out there in order to bring the word of God to pass. This is the season. And this is the time of prophecy being fulfilled. Prophesying a lie. That same lying spirit is running rampant. Brother Bram said, "So many people are listening to enticing spirits instead of taking the word of God. Spirits are in the world. They're demons. And they go out in places. They get amongst men, ministers. They get amongst church members. They get amongst good people. And they cause them to come into an illusion. and they say things and do things and teach things and practice things that's contrary to the word of God. Can you say amen? See, so there's only one prophet that God promised to send to us. He didn't say, "I'm going to send unto you prophets." He said, "I'll send unto you the prophet of Elijah." Praise the Lord. And that's the prophet of Malachi 4. Can you say amen? That's where the spirit of truth is. That spirit of truth lays on them tapes. Them spirit of truth is in this bride that's attended upon the word of God. You believe that? So he that the prophet the spirit of truth that is upon that prophet that came upon that prophet has showed us the prophecy for this season. The only group of people that will not be deceived by these false prophets and false teachers and false prophesiers is the elect of God. Amen. And notice the people that are deceived are those who did not have a love for the truth. They heard the truth but didn't have a love for it. 2 Thessalonians 2:7, the mystery of iniquity doth already work. Only he who now letth will let until he be taken out of the way. And then shall that wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth. See, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming, even him whose coming is after the working of Satan, with all power, signs, and lying wonders, with all deceivleness of unrighteousness in them that perish, because they receive not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. For this cause God shall send them strong delusion, a lying spirit, right? That they shall believe a should believe a lie. that they all might be damned who believed not the truth but had pleasure in unrighteousness. Ain't that right? See, Ahab didn't love the truth. God sent a prophet of Elijah in his day. He didn't love it. There was that prophet Micaiah. He said, "Well, I hate him as all of the time prophesying. Why Why don't you Why didn't he just turn around?" He couldn't. He had to fulfill his day. There was nothing in him to repent. Yeah. Amen. Can you say amen? See, so so listen now. Prophecy for this day has been set and there's nothing that can change that. The 400 prophets, even though they were prophesying good things, couldn't change the prophecy that Elijah had said, right? Because it was the season. It was the time. See? So when God gets ready to fulfill prophecy, nothing's going to stop it. Things will start happening when the time comes for prophecy to be fulfilled. See, it may seem like things are out of cater today. It may seem like things are just so chaotic, but if you'll stop and think about it, it's prophecy. Amen. Ain't that right? Amen. If you'll look for just a moment and I'll get ready to close, but if you look what's been prophesied to happen for the age you're living in, you see, nations will come to the forefront to fulfill prophecy and nations will decease or fall back. Kingdoms will rise and fall. Look at Russia in 1964. Brother Brham said Russia only received her place in the world in science no more than 40 years ago. And you know when the first world war come, he said they ignored Russia. It was just a bunch of ignoramis' big old Siberians the beard all over their face. They didn't know right and left hand. That's right. But Russia Russia but she recognized her place. She had to do it to fulfill scripture. You know my prophecies of what I said would happen. How all of them would gather in communism. Now she leads the world in science. We're way back way back behind her. All the rest of the world is behind her. She leads her place. She just recognized she had some brains too. Another place Russia reason Russia come to herself. She had to just like Israel had to get in the homeland. God had to drive Israel back to the homeland for the trumpets. And so did God have to drive Russia up there in communism to do exactly what's been prophesied she would do. Another one when the whole thing begins to leak out and the righteous seed begins setting on the on the side getting thinner and thinner and the wicked just keeps on very religious just keeps getting wicer and wicider. See well there's nothing to do but destroy the whole thing like he did back there in the ant and to deluvian destruction. Every thought a man is continually full of sin. Every man thinks about today see is a bottle of whiskey or a woman or running around. So he can't live true to their wives. Boys can't live true to the girls. Girls can't live true to the boys. And see why they're in such a place till the devil's got them so bound and possessed with evil spirits. The whole thing's become a conglomeration of sin. That's the reason we're in the day. That's the reason Russia is playing exactly in the hands of God to rock this thing out here. The Bible says so. Certainly God's using communism. He'll use it and communism will destroy the entire thing according to the scripture and we're in that day. Can you say amen? Amen. So we we we can say more and more about these things of how that men become, you know, they were born for a purpose in their day to fulfill the word just like Moses. Moses was born to fulfill prophecy to lead the people out of children out. But Pharaoh was born too. Amen. He just didn't happen to be there sticking the mud. He was born to fulfill scripture. Amen. That's right. Can you say amen? Amen. See, he was born to uh take his place. Romans 9:17, for this for the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, even for this same purpose have I raised thee up that I might show my power in thee, that my name might be declared through all throughout all the earth. Ain't that right? Judas came on the scene to fulfill prophecy. And at that same time, as Jesus came on the scene, Judas came on the scene to fulfill prophecy. And Judas was just as ordained to fulfill his role as Jesus was to for ordained to fulfill his role. Esau was just as ordained to fulfill his part as Jacob was ordained to take his position. Can you say amen? See, and so one was ordained to see what was happening and the other one wasn't. Moses could see what God was doing. Pharaoh couldn't. Hello. Brother Bram says Pharaoh saw the hand of God come down and perform miracles in there, but it only hardened his heart. See why? He couldn't see that God was fulfilling prophecy. Abraham could see what God was doing, but Lot couldn't. Jesus knew that prophecy was being fulfilled. Ain't that right? He knew what time and season he was living in, but Judas didn't. Abraham said he was one of Jesus' disciples walking with him, performing miracles with him and yet he couldn't see that prophecy was being fulfilled. Balam was a prophet and yet he couldn't see what God was doing. Couldn't see the pillar of fire, the brazen serpent, couldn't see the angel of the covenant. Dayan, brother Bram said, Dayan being a Jew himself couldn't see that prophecy being fulfilled. He had come through the Dead Sea and eat mana every night that fell fresh and yet still couldn't see it. Hey, Ephesus was was head of the religious man, you know, head religious man of the world at that time. Yet, he couldn't see prophecy being fulfilled. Brother says, "Why couldn't these men see it?" The word had to be fulfilled. The Bible says they was raised up to take that place. They were raised for that purpose. Can you say amen? But oh my, we're raised up for this purpose. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. And Judas may have, you know, I got to thinking about that for just a moment, but Judas might have been a good guy. He must have been a good guy. Because when Jesus told him says, "Uh, one of you going to betray me." All he all 12 of them are sitting right there. And he says, "One of y'all going to be betraying me." And not one of them says, "Ah, Judas, I knew that little scumbag. He's been a jerk all along. Smart elk and this and that. I I don't know. I bet you it's him." No. They were all looking at themselves and wondering, "Is it me?" Amen. Right. But the Bible says that when Judas said, "Is it I?" Jesus says, "He that dipth his hand with me in the dish, the same shall betray me." The son of man goeth as it is written of him. But woe unto that man by whom the son of man is betrayed. It had been good for that man if he had not been born. Then Judas which betrayed him answered and said, "Master, is it I?" And he said unto him, "Thou hast said." And notice in John 13:27, speaking of that same event, Yeah. said, "And after the soop," think about it. Satan entered into him. That's it right there. Think of that. I, you know, Judas definitely wasn't a believer. I believe brother Brown said he was jealous of Jesus's ministry and all that, but think of it. At the right time, Satan entered into him and took over and become incarnate. And even when G Judas accepted the money and betrayed Jesus, remember what Judas done? He went to the money changers and he threw that money. And he said, "I have betrayed innocent blood." Think of that. I thought, "Oh, God, how this world don't even know what they're doing. How they're yielding over to spirits that they don't even know what they're doing." Remember, Brother Brandham gave the warning about children and and comics. He said, "You let your children read them comics." He said it's preparing their little minds for a blast that Satan's going to give them. He gave the warning and parents never heard it. Never gave heed to it. Right now we got them in the White House. We got them children sitting making laws. All these things, God have mercy if the musicians will come. But look, we're living in the season of rapture. Prophecy, see, had to be fulfilled in order to bring on the rapture. Right? See, the prophet of Malachi 4 had to come restore the word and to restore the faith. According to Malachi 4, the son of man had to be revealed according to Luke 17:30. The voice of the bridegroom had to sound. And brother Brandham said the the bride the the bridegroom call comes from this the message, right? According to Matthew 25, the Lord had to descend with a shout voice and trump. According to 1 Thessalonians 4:16, before we could be caught up, the mighty angel had to descend with the book in his hand and declare that time shall be no more. According to Revelations 10:1, the seventh angel had to sound and revealed the mysteries according to Revelations 10:7. The heavenly voice had to cry out. Come out of her, my people. According to Revelations 18, the stone cut without hands had to strike the image. According to Daniel 2:34, the head stone that that Zechariah talked about, that's the stone Daniel is talking about. And he had to come with the message of grace. Amen. The evening light had to shine according to Zechariah 14:7. So many scriptures had to be fulfilled and they they've been just one right after another. one right after another being fulfilled right before the world's eyes. Why? It's rapture time. Prophecy that been laying there for years. We've been talking about rapture, singing about rapture, preaching about rapture, inspired about the rapture coming. But scripture had we had to wait until scripture was fulfilled. But oh my, have they been [Music] fulfilled. We're also living in the season of the great tribulation, which means that prophecy must be filled that'll bring on the tribulation. Darkness has covered the earth and gross darkness the people according to Isaiah 60. The things that were committed in Noah's day had to be repeated and is being repeated according to Luke 17:26. The things that were committed, amen, uh, by mankind in in in lots time was prophesied to be repeated. And it is being repeated. Men of corrupt minds reprobate concerning the faith have risen and are resisting the truth as Janice and Chambers had done according to 2 Timothy 3:8. It had to do it. It had to come. The world council of churches have been established and is fulfilling. Revelations 13. See, prophecy not only for the church has been fulfilled, but prophecies, if you look and you know the season, you know the timing according to a message that God sent us in this age, prophecy, according to the world that had to be fulfilled by the world in order for tribulation to come have been fulfilled. And it's only getting worse and worse and worse. Can you say amen? Every prophecy concerning the last days had to be fulfilled in order to bring on this tribulation. And I say every scripture concerning the bride has been fulfilled and is made ready for the rapture to take place any time. The bride's already received her last sign, the sign of the Messiah. Abraham was showed that same Messiah sign by Melzdc. Jesus which was MelkiseDC showed that same sign to to the Jew and Samaritan and the Gentiles as the prophet has taught us was the last people to receive the sign in this day and we have received it. How many believe that? No question about it. We've received it. Brother Bram said that's that's the last sign. The seven thunders have awakened the bride. These events that are happening isn't wakening the bride. The seven thunders have awakened the bride. The fourth message has come which is the message of life. And the bride is living again. She has that token life. The elect is now setting in the presence of the sun ripening to full maturity. The shock has already pulled away. Rapturing faith has come to the bride by the message of the hour. It's a faith that is pure. a faith that is resting only on the word of God. There is a bride today on earth that is virgin to the word of God. She hasn't been manhandled by these denominations. Brother Brandham said, "I see only one thing left, the coming of the Lord Jesus at any time for the the rapture for the church." Another place he said, "Brother and sister, I don't know in my Bible of any other thing God promised to do before the rapture of the church. I don't know. You're thinking of the mark of the beast coming. He says, I've told you that they've already got it. The next thing left is for the rapture of the church. It could come at any time and not disrupt scripture. Any scripture in the Bible as far as I know it. Can you say amen? See why? Because all these things that are coming upon the earth does not, as far as I know, it does not pertain to the bride getting ready. This bride's ready to go. This bride is standing alone on the word of God and that's it. Oh yes, she's going through hell. She's going through the fire. Her faith has truly been dried, but she's standing upon the word of God. Letting the world know, letting the devil know you got E, but you can't get me. Oh, God showing her off. I just believe it with all my heart. It's rapture time. We're in the season of rapture. Yes sir. You love him. Hallelujah. What [Music] song is the lamb? Let's sing it now. We bow down. We lay our crown at the feet of [Music] Jesus. the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy. Oh, bless the name. Is that what you want to do? I want to cry, holy, holy. Do you know that's fulfilling the scriptures? King lamb worship. Bless the name of the Lord. Sing it again. We bow down. We lay our prayer at the feet of Jesus. The greatness of his mercy and love. [Music] Oh, we lay it at the feet of Jesus and we cry holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. All some morning between 6 and 9. There's going to be a change go through my bone. My hair that's gray will be black again. When this change goes through my body, it's a prophecy. We just cry holy to him. We cry holy hol. Holy, holy, holy is the [Music] lamb. Someday soon he's coming back again. And I'll go with him forever. No more pain, no suffering, no trials. I'll be with him forever. Hallelujah. Holy holy. That's what we're looking forward to. That's what we're waiting for. It's the season. Just any day now is the [Music] lamb. Oh, when the doctor says there's just no way, you'll never be any better. But then Jesus comes and he makes me well. I'll be with you child forever. And we cry holy, holy. Oh, we cry holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy is the lamb. Let's go up a key. I worship you, Almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. I was born to do [Music] it. I give you praise. For you are my rightousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Sing it again. I worship you. Almighty God, there is none. Is that the God you serve? There's none like him. There's not even cancer can stand in his way. Parkinson's can't stand in his way. Heart condition can't stand in his way. Arthritis can't stand in his way. depression, fear, there's no one like him. Hallelujah. As the prophet said, we are worshiping a mighty conqueror. Amen. I worship you, Almighty [Music] God. There is none. Let's sing it one more time. Oh, I we're in no hurry. We got one service here and so we're in no hurry just to take time to worship your God. You say, "Oh, I'm I'm I just ain't wanting that." Well, what are you going to do in heaven? That's an eternal place. That is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my rightuous name. Bless his holy name. Worship you almighty God. There is none like [Music] you. Isn't he wonderful? There's that song that we sing. I'll uh see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I see you at that meeting in the [Laughter] [Music] air with our blessed savior. We're going to live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. Now if we never meet again on this earth my precious friend. If to God you have been true and you lived above all sin, then for us there will be a meeting, a hallelu greeting for there's going to be a rapture some sweet day. Oh, I'll see you. You're looking forward to [Music] it. Hallelujah. Oh, I'll see you in that meeting in the air. And with our blessed savior, we're going to live and reign [Music] forever. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. [Music] Now to my loved ones, let me say there will surely come a day when the Lord will come again and catch his waiting bride away. So get ready now to meet him and with a hallelu greet him and I'll see you in the rapture song sweet. Can we stand to our feet and sing it now? Oh, I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you at the meeting. Glory, glory, glory. Oh, and with our blessed Savior, we'll live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. as they just play softly. Now, just to let you know, the family and myself, we're going to be going to Ohio in the morning and uh we'll be there for a week and uh see Seth and Becca and the grandbabies and uh they just Becca just had an another baby and So looking forward to seeing him. And I'll be ministering, Lord willing, for brother Wayne Thursday night. And and uh then we'll be going to Brother Mike Severs to minister on Sunday. And so really covet your prayers. God will just uh give us the words to say and uh we could be a blessing. And uh then next Tuesday uh afternoon, Faith and I will be flying out to Alaska uh for a few days. I'd met a minister, pastor, uh, there at Brother Doug Bakers, uh, when we was in Tucson, and he, uh, pastoring there in Alaska. And when I got home, he had asked if I would be consider preaching his meeting. And so, uh, uh, Lord willing, I I don't know if I'm the only one that's going to be preaching the meeting or or what, but, um, uh, just covet your prayers that God will, uh, be with us and give us the words to say to the saints, uh, over there in Alaska. I I don't even know where I'm going. Where am I going? Anchorage. So, we'll be going to Anchorage, Alaska. And um so be there for a week or so. And so just really covet your prayers. Uh that God will just uh be with us. Keep us safe in the air anymore. I get scared of flying. I don't know why. Satan tries to put a fear on me. But uh anyway, we're going to go do it anyway. So uh but just uh cover your prayers. to be praying for you all here the church and uh the Lord will just be with you in the services and uh got different ministers lined up uh to uh take the service and so uh anyways I know you're in good hands and uh be again be praying for you all ask your prayers for me and the family as we would be traveling and u um God bless you and always know that you're always in our prayers. Amen. And love you and uh just be in prayer for one another. Uh I think uh the baby Josiah's baby sick and so we want to keep them in prayer uh there the baby and um Lord just help her keep sister Bethany and the baby sister uh Tony in our prayer as well and Lord just uh be with him and give them full recovery. I know it was prayed for for Zion, Jonathan Martin's daughter. [Music] Um, but if you could really get a hold of God for her, uh, Satan's really trying to take her life. And she's in the hospital right now. And, uh, several times, uh, come very close to leaving this earth. And doctors really don't know what's going on. They're they're really trying to figure things out. But I know for Jonathan and for Laura's parents and then Caleb, her husband, I know they really appreciate your prayers. And so just just remember her. God will somehow somehow change that situation around. Uh whatever is going on, uh that God will take care of it. I know he's able to do that. How many believe that? Amen. He's able. So, God bless you and um uh brother Schmia, would you want to dismiss in prayer? [Music] [Music]
