################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - Pastor Shawn Martin "Loving One Another As Christ Loved Us" - Shawn Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   Pastor Shawn Martin "Loving One Another As Christ Loved Us"
Speaker: Shawn Martin
Church:  Faith Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0D5OyFWm9E
========================================

[Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Power in the blood. Power in the blood. Would you worry full of victory when there's wonderful power in the blood. Can we stand? Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. of the lamb. There is power, power, wonderwork, and power in the precious blood of the lamb. Now, would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. So much power in the blood. Just come for a cleansing to Calvary's high. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power power wonderwork and power in the precious blood of the lamb. Now would you be wider? Much wider than snow. There's power in the blood. So much power in the blood. All sin stains are lost in its lifegiving flow. There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Now would you do service for Jesus, your king? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Now would you live daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, one's working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power. Are you witness this morning? In the blood, oh, of the lamb. There is power, power, wonderwork, and power in the flesh. Can we sing that one more time? Oh, there is power, power, one working, power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, one working, power in the precious blood of the lamb. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Amen. So much power in his blood. Amen. Man, it's good to have everyone in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Um, just one announcement this morning. Um, the dessert signup sheet for our tent meetings that's coming up is there pinned to the back. So, if anyone would like to sign up for that, that would uh that would be good. Amen. Uh maybe we could ask brother Matthew to invite the Lord's presence. Another time you come together, what you're doing right [Music] now, blessing of the [Music] Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. Oh, I know it was the blood. Yes, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was the blood. I know he's coming back. Oh yes, I know he's coming back. Yes, I know he's coming back. Oh, I know he's coming back for me. Oh, one day when I was gone, Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, I know he's coming back for me. Oh, there's power in the blood. So much power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, for me. One day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, there's power in the blood for me. I know it was. Yes, I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was the blood. He's coming back as they come for the offering. Oh, I know he's coming back. Yes, I know he's coming back. Oh, I know he's coming back for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross. Oh, I know he's coming back for me. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. Brother [Music] Josiah for the blood. Oh, thank God for the blood. Oh, thank God for the blood. Oh, it washed me white as snow. Oh, thank God. Oh, for the blood. Are you thankful? Oh, thank God for the blood. Yes, thank God for the blood. Oh, it washed me white assho one more time. Thank God for the blood. Thank God for the blood. Oh, thank God for the blood. Oh, it washed me white as snow. [Music] I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, and all my life you have been faith. Yes, you have, Lord. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life, oh, and all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in my darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as my friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God with all your heart. Oh. And all my life you have been faith. You never failed me. And all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness. Oh, your goodness is running out. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after it's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrendered now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am making. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. As they would just play softly, uh we want to um remember uh Ruth this morning. Uh she's not been feeling good. that she's been throwing up and things. So, let's just remember her. Uh we also want to keep Sister Kim Weeks in our prayers uh with her knees that the Lord would just go and and touch her. Also, we want to keep Brother Tim in our prayers. He's been out of town. So, let's remember him this morning. And um Amen. How many has an unspoken request by lift your hands? Amen. Maybe we could ask brother Amos if he would come and lead us this morning. Let's remember our pastor that the Lord would just use him in a special way. Amen. There's many needs among us that sometimes go unmentioned. Let's pray for one another as well. Heavenly Father God, we want to thank you God for this morning, Father God. And we thank you that it is morning as your prophet said, "Good morning, friends." Oh God, truly it is the morning, the dawning of a new day for the bride of Jesus Christ. Lord, it's a constant going forward and rising of the sun, dear God. Oh dear Lord, while the rest of the world is groping in darkness all around them, Father God, Lord, and they don't have no light, there's more than just a light and go. There is the full light of the hour, Father God, to lead us and guide us, Lord. We're not working with working under the light of a candle. We're not working under the light of an artificial light, but we're working by the light of the pillar of fire. God, thank you, Father God, for being within us, oh God, Lord, in this hour, Lord. We know, Lord, God, we thank you for so much that you've done for us, Lord, and hearing and answering prayers, dear God. Though Satan has fought us on the left and on the right, yet we've come out victorious, dear Lord. Many have overcome illness. They've overcome this. They've overcome sin of various types of unbelief. Oh God, come into the fullness of the word of the hour, Lord. And no doubt there's some here this morning, Lord, as was mentioned, dear God, some requests, oh God, you know all about each and every upraised hand. Lord, we pray for one another, dear God. We we're not standing alone, but we stand united as a body of Christ. We're pleading the blood over our hearts and lives, our bodies, our spirits. Oh God, we ask it God that you would have your way. Each and every one of these requests, Lord, some are in dire straits. Lord, in their bodies, oh God, they're fighting in battle and pain and suffering, dear God, and much discomfort, Lord, you understand all that, Lord. Father God, though that be going on, faith is not diminished. God, we've cast all of our care upon you this morning. May you bless the word as it comes forth. We pray in Jesus' name. Amen. I've known you as my friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, and all my life you can you just worship him this morning. Yeah. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. One more time as brother Doug comes. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful, Lord. All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. For I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. You can be seated. [Music] [Music] Oh my brother, take this warning. Don't let all Satan hold your hand. You'll be lost in sin forever. You'll never reach a promised land. The old crossroads now was waiting. Which one are you going to take? One leads down to destruction, the other to the pearly gate. One road leads up to heaven, the other lay down below. Jesus our savior will be waiting. He'll lead you by the old [Music] crossroad. The old crossroads now is waiting. Which one are you going to [Music] take? One leads down to destruction, the other to the pearly [Music] gate. Soon your life will be over. You'll have to face an old crossroad. Will you be ready then my brother to sh one goes down below the old crossroads now which way. Which one are you going to take? One less down to destruction, the other to the pearly [Music] [Applause] g. Amen. Did you enjoy that this morning? Amen. Oh, you're my brother. You're my sister. Oh, take me by the hand. Together we will work until he comes. There's no fo that can defeat us when we're walking side by side. Oh, as long as there is love, we will stand. Can we stand and sing it now? Oh, you're my brother, you're my sister. Just take me by the hand. Together, we will work until he comes. There's no foe that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, oh, as long as there is love, we will stand. Can you turn around and shake your neighbor by the hand? Oh, you're my brother, you're my sister. Oh, just take me by the hand. Together we will work until he comes. Oh, there's no foe that can defeat us when we're walking side by side. As long as there is love, we will stand. Oh, you're my brother, you're my sister. Just take me by the hand. For together we will work until he comes. There's no foe that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, as long as there is love, we will stand. Amen. And as we invite our pastor to come, can we just sing um make us one, Lord, make us one. Amen. How many's ready for the word? Amen. Make us one, Lord. Make us one. Holy Spirit, make us one. Let your love flow. So the world will know we are one in you. Make us one, Lord. Make us one. [Music] Holy Spirit, make us one. Let your love flow so the whole will know we are one in you with all your heart. Lord, make us one. Make us one. Holy Spirit, make us one. Let your love flow so the world will know we are one in you. Sing it again. Lord, make us one. [Music] spirit. Let your love flow so the world will know. Oh, can we sing that again as a prayer? Make us one, [Music] Lord. Make us one, Holy Spirit. Make us [Music] one. Let your love flow so the world will know. We are one in you. Oh, let your love flow so the world will know we are one in you. Sing them last lines. Oh, we are one in [Music] you. Amen. Is that your desire this morning? Amen. is to make us one. God make us one. One with him, one with his word. And that's what the message is about. Amen. Is to bring us to a oneness with God. Amen. In agreement with his word, his word having an effect upon upon our lives. Amen. And God being able to flow through us. Amen. And uh certainly good to see everyone back that's been gone due to sickness or work or uh being out of town or whatever it would be. Amen. Just always good to be with the people of God. And um the musicians can be dismissed and and um if you would like to turn with me to the book of Ephesians, the fifth chapter. And um praise the Lord. It's um good to have brother Shine, sister Bethany back. Amen. With us together and a little guy. He's uh he just dressed cute there. And u um uh but also the Lord willing uh we will be setting up the tent next Sunday afternoon after the morning service and um um so any of you brothers and sisters whoever would want to help um more than welcome to and um looking forward to what God's got in store for us uh this meeting. It's uh the year's gone by so fast and as it always does and but uh just looking for great things in the Lord. And but may we just bow our heads in a word of prayer and just talk to our father. Precious Lord, it's what an honor it is to be able to call you our father, Lord, and to know you in that way. Not only just savior and redeemer, but to know you as kin, Lord, that we're part of you. We're all your offsprings. We have your life within us, your blood flowing in our veins. And Lord, the what you are is what we are. And we're so thankful, Lord, for that. And it's just a paradox, Lord. Then the world don't understand. And sometimes maybe we have a hard time understanding just really who we are. But Father, that's your desire is for you, for us to know what we are in you. We just ask that you would minister to us now. Lord, help me to get myself out of the way to yield to you. And Father, bless your people today. Father, speak to them, Lord. And may we just be drawn closer to you, Father. That's our prayer. I believe that's the desire of everyone here this morning is just to have a closer walk with you to reflect you even more than we ever have. And I know Lord that you will grant it to us. We ask in Jesus Christ's name. And the church says amen and amen. the um the book of Ephesians, the fifth chapter. And we're going to read the the first two verses here, but it says, "Be ye therefore followers of God as dear children, and walk in love as Christ also hath loved us, and hath given himself for us, an offering, and a sacrifice to God for a sweet smelling Savior." Amen. You can have your seats this morning. And um I guess if I would use a title, it would be loving one another as Christ loved us. And um of course we've spoken on love. Maybe same topic, different title uh there, but um um we were reading there. We read from the book of Ephesians and the the book of Ephesians means a lot to us uh those who are believers in the message. Um because uh brother Brham um uh put the book as a personal um book for the believer and uh enlightened us that um uh it the the book of Ephesians is actually for our day and our time. And u of course when you look in the the the first part of the the book it Paul writes it to the not only to the saints in Ephesus but he says but also to the faithful in Christ Jesus. So then this isn't written to sinners or make believers. Um uh it it it's it's written to those who are in Christ. Brother Brandham tells us that the book of Ephesians parallels the book of Joshua and it deals with uh uh the second part of redemption uh which that's where we're at today. Uh is is the second part and that's uh the first part of redemption was coming out of Egypt. Second part of redemption was going into the promised land. And and so uh uh but why why would God take uh Israel out of Egypt? Why? Just to wander around uh and and you know uh those that did not, you know, out of out of the two and a half million that that left the the the Egypt, only two, the prophet said, knew what it was all about. the others just they didn't have a purpose. They they thought, well, maybe we're just to live out here, you know, and and they really couldn't see what God was trying to do, but Joshua and Caleb did. So, so God takes Israel out of Egypt to positionally place them in the promised land. They had to journey uh through the the the wilderness and they had to pass uh through uh the land of the Moabites and u uh you know Esau's land and and different things, you know, but that wasn't their inheritance. God had to bring them into the place of their inheritance, a place that rightfully belonged to them. and it was given to them by promise. Can you say amen? Now, so this is what the book of Joshua deals with them going into the promised land and Joshua positionally placing them. And so u uh we find that God took us out of the world. He took us out of denominations. He He's all done this. But but why would he do that? just for us to be religious and church members and all these things. No, but it's to positionally place us in our inheritance. Do you believe that? And so uh uh to bring us what uh into the place of what rightfully belongs to us by promise. And so um so the book of Ephesians deals with the church being positionally placed in the the land of inheritance and it's setting the church in her place. Amen. And this is what is taking place today is we're being positionally placed in the land. No wandering, not not not going through somebody else's land and and and not conquering. that this is the time to conquer because we are in our land. And and if we could understand that that we are not victims, we are overcomers. Amen. When they got into that promised land, Amen. they they changed from wandering to overcoming. Amen. And so uh we we see that the message has positionally placed uh each each each age in the word for their day. And by the message then we also see that we are in the capstone age. We are in the finishing age. We are in the age of completion. It's the finale of it all. There's no more other ages. There's no more other uh time except the eternal age, brother Bram talked about. And so uh uh we're we're positionally placed in the word in the word for our day. How many believes that? Amen. And so uh through the ages, the church has developed from the feet and and and has been developing God developing the church all the way to the head. And and we're we're in the head age. It's the head age that we're living in. Not the feet age, not the leg age. Uh uh all these things. And Christ, everybody say Christ. Christ Christ is the head. Amen. And remember, brother Bram talked about how that you can actually mix u uh and I can't remember the deer or the the type of deers and or sheep or but he says there's two animals that if you look at their hindsight uh behinds or whatever uh you get them mixed up. But he says to to get them what they are, uh he said you let them turn around and you see the difference by their head, uh their characteristics and things like that. Well, that's the deception has been great and and all of these things, but the the the bride is actually being identified by her headship. Amen. Her head. Do you believe that? And so, uh, Brother Brham said, "The little church that's come along also, Christ word bride down through the age is coming to a head cuz she's going to be united back to its mate." Amen. See, always, just like the church and everything else, it's got to unite. How many believes that? Got to unite. Christ and his brides got to unite. And Christ is the word. See, so always just like the church and everything else, it's got to unite. The wheat, everything else comes right back to its head where it started from like Cain and Abel, word bride, heading up in the person of the word of God made manifest in this evil age that we're living in. So, the promise that had been laying there in the book of Psalms thousands of years ago, uh, but a promise was laying there, and we've read it before, but Psalms 102:16, it says, "When the Lord shall build up Zion, the bride, the church, his bride." Amen. He shall appear in his glory. And and so brother Brandham says now as we grow from the Lutheran age and Baptist age, Methodist age, Pentecostal age, we're right up to the capping stone now, waiting and longing for that capping stone to set down. The buildings complete. Can you say amen? See, so we're in that capstone age. Amen. And not having to go back and redo Luther's work and Wesley's and and all that. That's that has nothing to do with us. That was part of the the body, but we're in a in a capstone age where it's Christ himself. Luther didn't have what it took to bring a rapture and to perfect the church. And Wesley in the Pentecostal age didn't have what it took, amen, to uh uh to to bring on a rapture and to perfect the church. Do you believe that? So, brother Brandham in another place says, "Now down through the age, we started off from the foundation from the first church age. When the seed went in the ground, the complete seed, then it come out through the feet, Luther out uh come back out then through Wesley and then into Pentecostals, tongues and the lips, and now it's in the eyes prophetic of Malachi 4 and so forth. And now there's nothing else left for it to come but him himself to step into that cuz that's the last thing there is. Well, that's the token that brother Brand tells us that we must have. Can you say amen? Not an emotion, not an excitement, not not a feeling, but the life Christ himself, the person of Jesus Christ. And and and so in the latter part of brother Bram's ministry, you know, he's hitting that token, the token, the life. Amen. And and these things. I'm coming to something here in a minute. But we we find that there are more scriptures that talk about this second coming of Christ than it does the first coming of Christ. Amen. Brother Brandham says that. See? And so uh uh if if you notice that Israel, as Israel had to have a vindicated leader, prophet, amen, to take them over into the promised land, so does the church of this day have to have a vindicated prophet to lead us into our spiritual land of promise. And brother Brandham said Joshua in Hebrews means savior and represents the promised endtime leader to take the church over. Can you say amen? So there should be no question what this message means to us. You cannot get into that promised land without the message. You cannot be positionally placed in the word without the message. Can you say amen? Amen. That's right. See, it's the message that God has given us and it's grace. It's a sign of grace to us that God would place us in in in in in a uh in strategically to be able to hear a prophet. Amen. And and to believe the prophet's words and and and let it affect us. Can you say amen? So, Brother Brandham's ministry is likened to that Joshua ministry for today. And and brother Brandham talked about the three pools, first, second, and third. And the third pool is where all the promises of God lay. The third pool is where all the promises lay. Now, uh uh in 1961, Brother Brandon told of the vision that he had. He said it was about 3:00 in the morning. He said, "I suppose." And I'd gotten up and I looked where in front of me I was coming down to the Jordan. looked like I was um standing on the map of Palestine and I was coming down to the Jordan. It seemed like I could hear the song. I'm going down to the Jordan. Someone was singing it. And as I drew near the river, I looked back and seen which way I had come. And I was 2third of the way there to this Jordan. So, he's already come first, second pull. He's up now to the River Jordan. Amen. Just just like Joshua when they come up to that river Jordan and over there, Amen. was the promised land was the promises. Amen. So they had to cross over. Ain't that right? Which Jordan means death, dying out to self. Ain't that right? And he says, I looked across Jordan. I said, oh, praise God. Just on the other side is where all the promises lay. Every promise lays in the promised land. Can you say amen? Not in the first pool. Not in the second pool. Amen. Brother Bram tells us the first and second pool was only just to catch the people's attention trying to catch the and it only was catching the little fish only drawing the little fish was chasing at. Amen. It was the the if I would say it this way, it was the rainbow trout, you know, or whatever that was after that third pull. Amen. That's what was catching the brides. Got the the bride hooked. Ain't that right? So, he he had already come twothirds of the way. And and and uh uh but it's in that third pool is where all the promises lay. And notice brother Brandham identified that third pool as being the opening of the word. Amen. Not not a creed being taught us, not a doctrine just being taught us, not traditions being taught us, and not the old old ways of life being taught us. A new way of life, the promises. Can you say amen? When they got into the promised land, remember the old mana ceased and they ate off the new corn of the land. They all ate off of a new diet. Can you say amen? Well, that's what this message is. It's a new diet for us. We we can't live off Pentecostal food and and and Baptist message and and Lutheran message. This is a totally new diet for those that come into the promised land. This is why we love the message of the hour. We don't want nothing else but this message. Can you say amen? It's and and it's revelation to us. Amen. Brother Brham said it become a new book and and it's be it's a this is a new book to every one of us that has come into the opening of the word. But see so so uh uh we know by the message of the hour that the third pool is only for the elect. Amen. It's it's only for the elect. And and and the the first and second pool that wasn't for us. That was the prophet's ministry. Jesus had the first and second pull not the disciples. It it was it was it was Jesus. But it it's and we're we weren't part of that. And if and that's just my understanding of it. But it's that third pool that we're part of. It's that third pool that identifies us as the bride of Jesus Christ. See? So, so um not emotions, not gifts, not sensation, but the revealed word of God. That's where the promises lay in the revealed word of God. And Christ is the word. Do you believe that? And the Bible says that every promise in him is yay and amen. Not in the church, in him. Not even in a prophet. In him, Christ. Can you say amen? Amen. The message. Amen. And they cannot fail. So, how do we get into him? Amen. By one spirit are we all baptized into one body. We're baptized into Christ. It's not a water baptism. It's a spiritual baptism. Ain't that right? Spirit baptism. And this baptism isn't the spirit just falling on your flesh. Amen. To where you have a religious thought every now and again. Amen. This this isn't this spirit baptism isn't the spirit just anointing your spirit to where you have some sensation or feeling or to where you have a nice dream or you speak in tongues and you prophesy and and and you you're in that realm and and that anything in that realm has to be tested. It has to be proven. Amen. Because Satan can get on your spirit and Satan can get on your flesh and he he well you you know what brother Bram taught about these things. See and and so but this spirit baptism isn't just resting on your flesh or anointing your spirit but this baptism is the spirit coming into your soul and quickening the word and giving you a word birth. Can you say amen? It quickens that word gene seed inside of you. Now, that's the real you. Amen. If if the if the spirit comes and anoints your flesh, amen, you're still dead. You're you're still in in trespasses and sins and you're still in that way. And if the if the if the spirit comes and anoints your spirit to where you prophesy and you speak in tongues and all that. Well, there I've seen it in in in the Pentecostal times where where people do that and still go out and drink and smoke and I mean that that's uh that's so much in the Pentecostals and all that uh uh because that doesn't give you a word birth. It has to come down into your soul to change you. Can you say amen? And that's the real you. That's the real you is when that the the spirit can come in and quicken that word seed. Can you say amen? You see, uh uh the real you, you know, you you may have been born a sinner and shaped in sin and all these things and we all were, but that wasn't the real us. Amen. See? Amen. That's right. See, the real you, the real you never did it in the first place. The real you. Amen. All sin is never attributed to you. Amen. That's what even the psalmist says. Blessed is the man to whom the Lord does not impute iniquity. Why? Because he's looking at the real you, a predestinated seed that God put in before the foundation of the world inside of you. Amen. So, yes, by your first birth, you were a sinner by nature, but the prophet said you were trapped into it. You you were trapped into sin. You were trapped. Amen. by your first birth, but the real you comes to life not by sexual birth. Amen. By but by a word birth, the second birth. Can you say amen? That's why Jesus said a man must be born again. And that's why Satan fights the new birth. Amen. He fights it with all that he's got. He's got people. He anoints them in their spirit and they and and they get to thinking that they've got something and and but yet the word has never come alive to them. Amen. But the the when you get that word birth, that second birth. Amen. See, and so it's by your second birth that Christ is able to have preeminence in your life. Amen. The word is now being able to have preeminence over you. Do you believe that? Amen. Faith becomes alive. Joy, peace, happiness. Something takes place in you that could not come to you by your natural birth. Oh yes, natural birth. You get excited. But what makes you excited? Sure. It ain't coming to church to hear the word of God. Amen. Maybe if they have a Christmas pageant or professional musicians and a professional preacher or movies movie night or or there there's so many out, you know, get the million dollars and and all that. You get excited over that. People cry and boo and and who and jump up and down over over natural things. But but that that doesn't mean nothing. But when you get a word birth, when that second birth comes, you get excited about the things of God. You get excited about the promises of God. Amen. When the promises are read from the book, you say, "That's mine. That's that's me." Amen. Why? Something has come alive in you. Amen. that that couldn't do that by your natural birth. Amen. The prophet even proh preached on it in the personation of Christianity. You can pretend to be a Christian. You can pretend to be right and all of these things, but there will be something that that that will never get you to that place. Amen. Until you get a real that second birth quickens that that real you inside of you. Amen. So by your second birth, Christ is able to have the preeminence. What is it? The word is now born inside of you, quickened in you, and now it's gaining control over you. You believe it? Watch. It's controlling your emotions. I know you know, you know, there's some that that just think, you know, that most message people are dead. Their churches are dead. That that ain't it. We get excited. I and I know there's that former side that they don't believe in nothing. And that's fine. I mean, that's between them and the Lord, but I I just know what brother Brown said. If you're, you know, if your religion isn't alive and kicking, then it's dead, you know. And we do get excited. But the word controls our emotions. The word controls your habits. The word is the word controls your lifestyle. Amen. Amen. The word controls your desires. Amen. There may be things in your life, but let the word of God hit it. It may hurt, but you say, "Man, that's right. I Oh, God, help me." Oh, it makes you desperate to to to get rid of them things because you want the word to have the preeminence in you. Now, what is it? That's the real you crying out for heavenly things. Can you say amen? Amen. the the the by your second birth, you wouldn't be interested in the promises of God. You wouldn't be interested in the things of God. Amen. But you get a second birth and you get that word birth in you. That's all you live for is to manifest Christ. Amen. That's your passion. Can you say amen? Now, we we find it's controlling. Now, the eagllet, brother Bram talks about that eagllet for a reason, you know, but but the eagllet was born in the chicken yard, right? He he wasn't born hatched where he originally came from. He was born in the chicken yard. He yet he didn't fit with the chickens. He he he didn't know who he was, but he didn't fit with the chickens, you know, and and you know, he might have tried to do it, but he didn't come from there. He didn't know he didn't come from there. He just thought something was different. He didn't understand why. He thought he was born. He thought he come from the from from the same the yard, a chicken pin and all that. He didn't have no idea that he came from another place. And and all he knew was just where he was. Ain't that right? See, so he could not tell you where he came from because he didn't know. All he could remember is being born in the chicken yard. All he was told is you were born in the chicken yard. Now straighten up and act like a chicken, you know. Well, he didn't know any other life than than chicken life. pecking and and and and eating chicken food and and all that. See, he didn't know the potentials that really laid in him. There was potentials in him that the chicken didn't have. He had real potentials. It wasn't impersonation. It wasn't in and trying to make up these potentials. They laid in him because of the place he came from. Amen. And yet he didn't fly out of the barnyard. He could have, but he didn't cuz he didn't know he could. That's right. He didn't know the potentials that was within him. Can you say amen? And and and yet the the the chickens couldn't help uh identify who he was. Amen. They were trying to make him fit, but he just didn't fit in with them. Amen. And yet he himself couldn't even find his own identity. He tried and and we've all done the same thing trying to fit in with this crowd and that crowd and this crowd and yet we couldn't find our own identity. But it took Mama Eagle, amen, to soar over and she began to cry. She began to scream. She began to proclaim the word. Can you say amen? Amen. She knew she was the one. She knew that that chicken or that that eagle Amen. wasn't uh uh uh uh uh uh uh didn't belong in the chicken yard. See, she knew him. She knew that eagllet way before he become into that chicken yard. Can you say amen? So she knew and she came searching for what she knew belonged to her. Do you believe that? Amen. See, and and so her voice was calling him, "Come up higher. come up higher. Amen. See, it wasn't an earthly voice, if you could say it that way. It was coming from the heavens. And and it's just like Revelations 4:1. Amen. John says, "After this, I looked and and brother Brown said, "After this meant after the church ages were done, after this the church ages were finished." He said, John representing us now, he says, I looked and behold a door was open in heaven and and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me, saying, "Come up hither." Can you say amen? What was it? We didn't know who we belonged to. We didn't know where we came from. But it took God took that voice to began to speak to us. You don't belong here. Come out of her, my people. Come out of the world. Can you say amen? It was the deep calling unto the deep. So it was the voice, her voice that revealed to him, Amen. what he was and revealed to him the potentials that laid within him. It was her voice that began to awaken the potentials to where he began to realize, I can fly. I don't have to be here anymore. And he began to stretch them wings and he began to flap and and maybe got to the fence post and and then he got up to a little higher and higher until finally he was there soaring. Amen. With mama. Can you say amen? Today the word has been opened to us and we are being positionally placed not in the world, not in politics, not in religion, not in some cult, not in some uh uh uh denominational church or even undenominational church. Will Abraham said some of them are worse than the denominations and and all of these things. See, but we are being positionally placed in the word of God. Do you believe that? Amen. And brother Brandham said, "Every word here is the thoughts of God." Amen. In word form. This is the thoughts of God in word form. Amen. See, and so now we're looking by the opening of the word, the third pool, opening up and revealing the word, a promise to us. Amen. The the eternal thoughts of God are no longer a mystery to us. Oh my. I hope it's not a mystery to you. guessing. We don't have to guess who we are. We don't have to guess where we're going. We don't have to guess who our papa is. We don't have to guess what our ancestry is. We don't have to guess our lineage. We can tell you from the book. Amen. It's all written right here of who I am. Amen. See, and so God's uh uh the Bible is God's thoughts and seed form. Now we are becoming we are becoming the manifestation of God's thoughts. Do you believe that? God thought of his church and what he wanted it to be. Well, we are the manifestation of that. In God's thoughts, he had sons and daughters. So to have fellowship with him them. Amen. Well, we are the manifestation of that. God thought of himself having a family that would bear his nature and have his very own attributes. And we are the manifestation of that. Why? We've come into the promised land where every promise, every thought of God that he thought of us before the foundation of the world is now becoming a reality. Amen. We're eating off of a new the new land. Amen. Not what man thought of us, not what the world thought of us, but what God thought of us. That's right. That's right. By the opening of the book, we have discovered we've been saved all along. That's right. We weren't saved just on any given day. We were always saved. What? That come from an open book. We have been sons and daughters of God all along. Not going to be. We are now sons of God. Always been sons. God never saw us as sinners. He saw us as sons. We didn't know it. But when we come into that promised land, we begin to see what we really are. It's our inheritance. It's our possession. This word is our inheritance. You believe it? The woman at the well, although she was a prostitute, yet she was a daughter of God all along. Oh, miserable, wretched, outcast individual. Yet, she was a daughter of God because in her late gene seed, which showed that she was part of God's thinking in the beginning, she didn't know it. She didn't know who she was, but God knew. She was under the load of sin, of guilt and shame, and living under that weight of condemnation, all that. But Jesus came to her and performed the Messa sign. only done it one time to her. Amen. And brother Brandham says, "And when that light flashed across that predestinated seed, quickly." Amen. Uh uh not like them educated scholars standing over there criticizing. They thought they were in that group, but they wasn't. See, they called him the ely bub. And but as soon as he hit that predestinated seat, that light flashed across it. She said, "Sir." See, it come to life. It quickened the seed. Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet. We know Messiah when he comes, he will do this kind of a work. And he said, I am speak I am he that speaks with you. Oh my, that settled it. Can you say amen? He said, see it in another place. He says when you become subject to that spirit, it throws your whole being subject to that spirit. And the only way you can become subject to that spirit is down in the soul. It quickens that word and now he takes control of your desires, of your emotions, of your feelings, of your He takes control of your spirit, of your flesh. He takes control, amen, to where Satan now can't lie to you and you believe it. Satan can Oh, yeah. He can come to that old flesh and bother that flesh and even bother your spirit and and all these things. But now there's something that says, "No, no, no, no, no. I ain't sick. I'm well. I ain't defeated. I've got the victory. I'm not a sinner. I'm a saint." Can you say amen? And it's throwing your body under subjection to your confession. Amen. Yes, sir. So the predestinated will of God is becoming more clearer to us who are in the land of promise in Christ. Amen. Now, brother Brandham says, and like I say, I'm just laying something here, but brother Brandham said, "From a little group of the true seed of the word, God will present Christ a lovely bride, a virgin, a virgin of his word." Do you believe that? And through them, everybody say through them. them and by them will be fulfilled all. Everybody say all. All. So let's say that again. Through them through them and by them will be fulfilled all that has been promised for his word in the virgin who knows no man knows no man-made creeds or dogmas. They will love him. They love his and will have his potentials. Amen. For he is their head and they are his subjects subject to his head. The members of the bride virgin bride will love him and they will have his potentials for he is their head and all power belongs to him. They are subject to him as the members of our bodies are subject to our heads. Can you say amen? Amen. Can you say it with me? I have his potentials. I have his I have his potentials. The voice has come in this day to let me know who I am. Where I came from, who I'm a part of. I have his potentials for I am his son. Can you say amen? Now that word potential means capable of development into actuality. So it's all been laying down inside of you. The potentials to be whatever God's promised you to be. It's all been lay side, ain't that right? And capable of developing into actuality, something that can develop or become actual. This isn't just a mirage or or some little word that we say we're sons and daughter. That's actual, Sister Martha. That's actual literally sons and daughters of God. Amen. Now notice potentials. Peter second Peter 1:4 says, "Whereby are given unto us great exceeding great and precious promises that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature." Right? You got his potentials. Having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. See, so we we we are not we are not like the other ages just reflecting an attribute of God, right? Remember, see in in 2 Peter 15-7, Peter tells the church, "Besides this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness." Can you say amen? Brother Brandon said, "See, seven virtues, seven ages, seven virtues, seven church ages." And he done that pyramid and every each age as it was building up up up had had one virtue started with faith and then virtue and then knowledge and then temperance. Each age reflecting. Can you say amen? Amen. See first age reflected faith and the second age virtues. The third church age uh reflected knowledge and and then temperance and then patience and godliness. Seventh church brotherly kindness on but but see the prophet said the church ages are finished. Amen. The church ages are finished. How many believes that denominational ages are finished? I know they want to argue and say, "Well, we're still in the Leoian age." But but God's done with it. God's done with the Leoysian age. He's finished with that Pentecostal age. Can you say amen? That's right. So then where are we living at? We're living in the capstone age. Charity. Amen. Which is God himself. Can you say amen? The fullness of God. Not that we're don't have faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance. No, that all comes with it. When he's himself comes down, it's him. It's the fullness of himself bodily in the church. Can you say amen? Amen. But God is love. Everybody say God is love. Love is the capstone. Charity is love. Ain't that right? So, brother Brandham, in speaking of the Messiah sign that was being shown to the people night after night, he said this. This is the Lord Jesus Christ in the form of the Holy Spirit moving among his people doing the same thing that he did when he was here on the earth identifying himself with his bride, not the church. another place now and and this I as I keep going here I want you to really listen to what I'm saying but he says when Christ is identified in you identifying himself now that's what the token is that's what this capstone age is is where Christ identifies himself in the individual identifying himself in the individual that make up the church part of the church that's part of the church can you say amen so he says identifying himself so when Christ is identified in you identifying himself then you are Christlike which the word Christian means to be Christlike there's your identification not well I go to church I believe in a prophet I I follow the message of the hour that's not your identification But when Christ identifies himself in you, you are Christlike. Amen. So see, it's positionally placing us in the word for our day. Do you believe that? So this is why Paul would say in in the opening scripture that we read, "Be ye therefore followers of God as dear children." Amen. Amen. All right. Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children. He's identifying us not as sinners, not as poppers, not as some vagabond rebellious brats, but as dear children, sons and daughters of God. Can you say amen? So then uh one translation says be imitators of God. Everybody say be imitators of God. Copy him. Follow his example. Amen. As wellbehaved children. Amen. Imitate their father. Be imitators of God. copy him and follow his example as well behaved children imitate their father. Is that not the son that gets adopted? Well behaved. Got the right character. Following after the tutor. Amen. Now in this we're talking of capstone the charity coming down upon the church God himself and telling us to to act as well behaved children. Paul tells us charity does not behave itself unseemly which means inappropriate unbecoming improper. Can you say amen? Amen. So now 1 John 2 and5 it says whoso who so keepeth his word in him verily is the love of God perfected hereby know that we are in him. He that saith he abideth in him in him right in the promise. He's the promised land. He's the word. Whosoever abideth in him ought himself also to walk even as he walked. I ain't gonna copy after this religion and this organization and somebody over here and somebody I've got my I'm I'm copying after him. Can you say amen? Why? I realized I'm bride. I realized I came out of him and what he is. I am the prophet. God gave us our own identifi our identification. She is him. Amen. Can you say amen? So now we've got a people that are able. Luther, he revealed the just that shall live by faith and yet smoking a pipe, drinking. Yes. All the imperfections down through the ages. But here now is a people. Hello. Amen. Amen. Amen. That is able. And I want to say able to walk even as he walked. Can you say amen? Amen. Now back to our opening scripture. Paul says, "And walk in love as Christ also hath loved us and hath given himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweet smelling savor." Ain't that right? See, God so loved John 3:16, God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. Ain't that right? God so loved. That's the reason why Christ came is because the love of God. That's the only reason why Christ came is the love of God. Ain't that right? And God wanted to make us wanted to make sure we understand that that it was because he so loved us that he sent his son. And the prophet says that Christ is God's love gift to us. He couldn't give you any other greater love or a greater gift. He could have given you money. Yes, he could have done that. He could have even made you live a million years, a billion years if he wanted to. It still wouldn't have helped you, right? That's right. Cuz what if you're what if this is your last day to live your billion years out? And you lived your billion years without fellowship with God and without knowing God and without reflecting God, what good would it have done? He could have given you anything you wanted and and all these things, but he gave you the best because he loved you. And out of his love came Jesus Christ. His love produced. Grace was projected. Can you say amen? And then notice God God was in the sun. God sent his son, but God went with his son by being in his son. Ain't that right? Brother Brown said, "See, the great Jehovah came down and was made tangible by living in the body of his own son, declaring and re reconciling the world to himself." See, so Jesus was the tabernacle that God lived in. God, as as Paul says, God was manifested in the flesh. Great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifested in the flesh. What a great is that mystery, huh? Yes sir. So the prophet said Christ was nothing short of God and God was nothing short of Christ and the two together made the godhead bodily. Ain't that right? Another place Brother Bram says when Christ and I want you to get it now when Christ the son of God was put to the test it showed what he was. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? It showed that he was God. It showed that he was a love gift from God. Amen. Ain't that right? When he was sped upon, he didn't revile back. When he was hit and, you know, smoked and all these things, he didn't fight back. That's right. That's right. See, so, so Christ when he was put to the test, it showed what he was. And then brother Bram says, "Your behavior of life tells what you are." That's right. Not that you go to church, you know, 365 days a year and you pray 10 hours a day and and and you you give you feed the poor and you go visit everybody under the sun and and all these things. That ain't it. When you're put to the test, that shows what you are. He says your behavior of life tells you what you are. When you're put to the test, it'll prove what you are. Your life always reflects what's on the inside of you. By and by, be sure your sins don't find you out. Can you say amen? So here, God sent Amen. God sent his only son, begotten son, because of his love. See, God had to come up with some way. Man couldn't die for us. No other man could die for us. No other being, no angel, no animal, no nothing could die for us. See, yet God so loved that he had to have a remedy. He He sought for something that that he he only he could take our place. The prophet said God never died as God because he couldn't. He became man. He became a man. He became Jesus Christ. That's right. Can you say amen? He took on flesh. And notice Paul says he made himself a little lower than the angels. Why? Because angels couldn't die for us. So he had to go even lower than them. Amen. Can you say amen? So the prophet said, "God, Emmanuel, came down from glory and formed himself in a body of flesh called the son of God. God uh walked on earth among men. He lived like a man, but he made himself a little lower than the angels in order to take death upon himself that he might die the death of a sinner for all men. That all men who would believe would come to him and be saved. So let's say that again. Why did he die? So that those who believed upon him could be saved. He so loved that he wanted amen mankind to come back to him. Amen. He come God in Christ reconciling the world unto himself. He had lost attributes, fallen attributes, and he so loved them that he had to die. He had to make a way that man could come back to what he thought of them for fellowship. So see God in the sun, God in the sun projected the same love that was projected in the beginning before the foundation of the world. The love that caused the lamb to be slain before the foundation of the world now was being projected in a body of flesh. Hello. Amen. It wasn't man that took Christ's life from him. It was love. He didn't die of his bruises. He didn't die of loss of blood. He didn't die from all these things. Brother Brown said he died of a broken heart. Can you say amen? See, so the love that was manifested in the heavens that wrote our names in the lamb's book of life and produced the lamb for us and atonement for reconciliation. Ain't that right? That love was now in a human being projected and it was so great that Christ gave himself for us as an offering. Thank you Lord. love caused him to give himself as a sacrifice. The prophet said he had to become a man so that the stinger of death could penetrate him. Can you say amen? He said, see, if he had been an immortal person, if he had been in the theophony like Melzdc or been in the spirit like he was, Amen. all all this time, God is spirit. See, death has no control of that. Death couldn't kill that theophony in Melzdc. When when Melzdc God appeared in a theophony to Melzdc, death couldn't touch him. Amen. God being a spirit, death couldn't touch him. Amen. God had to become something in order for death to be able to touch him. See, it had to become flesh that he could take the stinger of death. When a bee or an instinct or an instinct insect uh who stings once stings deep, he'll never sting again. He leaves his stinger in the flesh. That's what God became. Christ dwelt in the flesh that he might anchor his own flesh, the stinger of death. See, or anchor in his own flesh, the stinger of death. And when death pulled away from him at the cross, it left its stinger. It could not sting a believer anymore. It can make a humming noise. It can make a buzz and a threat, but it can not sting. It has no stinger. And God's going to prove that by a people on the earth, I believe, that's living now, that'll never taste death. And those that have went by the way of the grave are going to rise up again any moment now because the stinger of death is no longer death has lost its stinger. Lord, I love it. So this is what love done. The love, God dwelt bodily. God is love. He dwelt bodily in Christ. And that love was projected. And Christ's whole goal was to bring and to reconcile man to make an atonement for man to break the walls of Satan that has been built up around man. Praise the Lord. Hello. Amen. Now notice what John says in 1 John 3:18. My little children, let us love. Everybody say, "Let us love in uh let us not love in word, neither in tongue, but in deed and in truth." Don't just love in theory and speech. God didn't. God didn't just say, "I love them. Oh, I love them." But he proved that love by action. Amen. Love indeed, love in practice, action, sincerity. Ain't that right? Now, 1 John 3:16, hereby perceive we the love of God because he laid down his life for us, and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. Can we do it? Yes, sir, we can. It's capstone age. The same God that dwelt in that body of Christ is now in the church. Amen. Praise the Lord. In another place, the Bible tells us, Paul writes that Jesus thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made but took upon himself the form of a servant. Again, because he was God's love gift to us, he come to show us what God is. And he did just that. How many believes that? Amen. Amen. The unbeliever saw a devil. The unbeliever saw a witch. The unbeliever saw whatever. But the believer saw God in that man. Amen. That's right. And and even those that didn't even understand his life. Amen. Like Philillip that says, "Oh, it it it sufficeth us that you show us the father." And Jesus turned around said, "Have I not been so long with you and you still don't know who I am? He that seeth me hath seen the father. I'm the one. It's not me that's doing the works. It's the father that dwelleth in me that's doing the works." Amen. Even his critic says, "No, we understand you came from God because no man can do the things that you do." What was it? He showed what God is. Not just in miracles, not just in his preaching, but as he walked to that Calvary, bearing that cross and the times that he fell and he got back up, he was showing the heart of God. Praise the Lord. John 1:18 says, "No man hath seen God at any time. The only begotten son which is in the bosom of the father, he hath declared him." God is power and he declared that to us by dis de demonstrating it. God is holy and he declared it to us by demonstrating it to us. Can you say amen? God is supernatural and he declared it. Christ declared it by demonstrating it to us. God is love and he declared it by demonstrating it to us. Romans 5:6 says, "For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly. For scarcely a righteous man for for scarcely for a righteous man will one die. Yet per adventure, for a good man, some would dare even dare to die. But God commendeth or demonstrated his love. His own love. His love. Can you say amen? See, demonstrated his own love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Oh, aren't you glad for that? Much more than now being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from the wrath through from wrath through him. For if when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his son, much more being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life. So because he loved us, he sought to save us. Amen. His whole desire was to bring us to reconciliation to save us. Can you say amen? Amen. Now, notice what a prophet says. His church is supposed to manifest God to show what God is. Amen. Christ was sent to earth to show to man what God is. Now, the church that has been reconciled, that has been redeemed, that has come into and being positionally placed in the word to find her position. Amen. Now we're understanding we're not sinners. We're not helpless people. We're not in the chicken yard just Amen. We're eagles. That's right. Amen. We're sons and daughters. Amen. And we are now to reflect to the world what God is. That's right. To show. Ain't that right? Now, the only way that we can do that is all that God was, he poured into Christ. Or the prophet says in one place, all that God is, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ is, he poured into the church. That's the only way we could show what God is, is that he would pour himself into us. And so has he done it in this day. So then walk walk in love as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it. You see when a person walks in love as Christ loved he or she wants people to be saved. That's the goal. That's the desire. Yeah. We want to go in a rapture, but we don't want to go alone. Hello. Amen. When a person walks in love, you see, we we don't want people to miss the rapture, do we? We certainly don't want to miss the rapture, but we we don't want people to miss it. We we don't want people to have to go through the tribulation. We don't want people to go to hell. We don't want people to be tormented of the devil. Jesus didn't. Amen. Jesus didn't want the Pharisees to be what they were. He didn't want them to be lost. That's right. He preached among them. He knew they wouldn't listen to him, but he preached anyways. He gave them a chance. Anyway, God gave Cain a chance. You see, it's it's it's because of divine love. That's right. Can you say amen? Amen. So, he's so loved that he sanctified himself for our sake. You know, I I honestly believe that that he was careful as to what he listened to. He was careful as to the places he went. He was careful as to what he looked at. He kept himself in a way so that people would not mistake him to be something other than the Messiah. because he's so loved. Hello. He He couldn't help the people if they doubted him of who he was. Can you say amen? If someone doubts him and they doubted him, then then how could he help them? We find that he went to his own town, his own city I believe it was, and did not one miracle because of their unbelief. Yes. So he come to help. He come to show the way of life. He come to redeem. He didn't come to fight with people. That's right. He get didn't come to show off. Amen. He took upon himself the form of a servant. Amen. That people could be helped in some way. Amen. That's right. Ain't that right? So, see, he he didn't come he didn't come to give the people new clothes. He didn't come to give the people a new car, a new house. He He He didn't come to to deliver the Jews from the Roman government. He didn't come for any of that. Ain't that right? So, what did he come for? to give them eternal life. That's right. He wasn't there just to be friends with people and shake hands with them, rub shoulders with them. He come to give people eternal life. That's right. Amen. He's the only one that could have done it. The preachers couldn't give the people eternal life. Ain't that right? Mom and dad couldn't give it to them. The deacons could. No one could. He was the one to give them eternal life. Amen. Notice John 6:39. And this is the Father's will which hath sent me, that of all which he hath given me, I should lose nothing, but should raise it up again at the last day. But notice the catch. They had to believe. Can you say that with me? They had to believe him. They had to believe on him. They had to believe him. So they had to trust him. They had to be sure that he was God. They had to be sure that he was sent to be the Messiah. They had to be sure that he was that prophet that Moses spoke of. He They had to be sure. So therefore, he had to live in a way that they could believe him. You believe it? Amen. See, John 3:16, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." Ain't that right? Who was going to get the everlasting life? Those that believed in him. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. He that believeth on him is not condemned. You see how it was important that the people believed? Amen. Amen. But he that believeth not is condemned already because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. Jesus said in John 8:24, "If you believe not that I am he, you shall die in your sins." John 6:40, "And this is the will of him that sent me, that everyone that seeth the son and believeth on him may have everlasting life, and I will raise him up at the last day. John 1:12, "As many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name." 2 Corinthians 8:9, "For you know the grace of God, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that through his poverty you might be rich." And we're talking about rich in eternal things. Can you say amen? He became something that we could recognize. Amen. He became common to us that we could be easily recognize him. Lord, he didn't become so superior that we didn't know and understand him. He come to the lowest speaking a common language, not trying to show his intellectuals and not trying to show himself. He so loved people that he wanted them to believe. Amen. That's good. Praise the Lord. He did it all for our sakes. Now, I ain't got much longer, but I'm going to finish 2 Corinthians 5:20. Now then, we are ambassadors for Christ. As though God did beseech you by us, we pray you in who's dead. Christ. Oh, who's dead? We pray you in thestead of the one that made himself a servant. We're taking his place. All right. The one that became poor that through his poverty we could be rich. We're taking his place. Praise the Lord. We're ambassadors. Can you say amen? Amen. We are ambassadors as though God did beseech you by us. We pray you in Christstead be reconciled to God. We pray you in Christstead that you join a church. No, that don't sound right, does it? We pray, Amen, in Christstead that you make me rich. Bring in all your tithing and your offerings and sow your seeds. We pray you in Christstead be reconciled to God. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. What is it? The same passion, the same love, the same love that was exhibited up in the heavens that wrote the names on the lamb's book of life. The same love that was exhibited in a man called Christ in that body of flesh that went to Calvary. Now that same love is within a redeemed. Amen. Why? Because it's God in you. That's right. All that God is, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ is, he poured into us. For he hath made him to be sin for us. Notice our message. He hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin, that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. You don't have to be a sinner. You don't have to live defeated. Amen. Amen. You don't have to go to hell. You see, that word ambassador means to act as a representative for. So, we're acting in his place. Amen. In thestead of Christ, we're acting in his place. Now, think of it. God sends us out to the world because there's still an undying love that's still beaten for souls. It ain't about talent. It ain't about how good we can preach and how good we can sing and play music and it's not about what we make it to be sometimes. Amen. Prophet said he's at the right hand of God acting in your place this morning. Aren't you glad for that? He's acting in your place this morning as you're acting in his place down here as a witness. A witness is to act instead of somebody stand for you as a witness. So as your life reflects here what your testimony is in Christ, it reflects there and it reflects here. And he is up there and what he is for you reflects both there and here. Oh, isn't that wonderful? Now, 2 Corinthians 5:18, it says, "All things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ." Amen. And hath given to us, everybody say to us, he's given to us because his love is undying. Yeah. The ministry of reconciliation to it that God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. I hope this is all right. Today prophet said he was made flesh and dwelt among us in order that he could come back again to man and live in man and restore a man to a state of communion with him again and give him back his god-given right. And that's what he did. That's the purpose of the Holy Ghost. It's the father again. God the father dwelling in you, working out his plans. see to finish his plan of redemption. Working through you, making you a coworker with him, giving you a place, giving you a part for your fallen, lost brother and sister, giving you his spirit and his love to go hunt the lost. And he as he did in the Garden of Eden when he cried, "Adam, Adam, where art thou?" That's what the Holy Spirit does to a man or woman. when it strikes into their heart, it takes its abode and there's a thirst and a hungering for lost souls. That's what's the matter with the meetings today. There's not enough spirit touch in it to go for the souls of the lost and the dying. Can you say amen? So, you see, God given us talents. God's given us ministry. God's given us things in our lives. And every one of us, if you're part of this body of Christ, you have it within you. Don't let the devil tell you you're just a nobody and you're just nothing. That is a that's just such a a lie of the devil. Prophet said you're so important that nobody can take your place. That means you're important in this body. And whatever God has given you to do, let love control it. Let love control the gifts. Let love control the talents. Let love control the ministry. Let love control. Can you say amen? You see, ministry has been given to us for the sake of others that they might believe on the Lord Jesus Christ too and be saved. Jesus says, "If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me." Ain't that right? I will draw the black man. I will draw the red man, the yellow man, the white man, the brown man. I will draw the Germans. I will draw, you know, men that that are Russian. And and you know, I I will draw those from China. I will draw I'll draw all men of all places unto me if I just be lifted up. If I could just be lifted up, I'll do the drawing. Ain't that right? This why Paul would say in 2 Corinthians 4:4, "We preach not ourselves, but Christ the Lord Jesus, and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake." Can you say amen? So we we become servants to the people for Jesus' sake. We can't lift him up if we're trying to be somebody. We can't we we can't lift him up if we're so bound by our complexes. If if we're so looking for approval from men, we can't lift him up. Hello. Yeah. Can't lift him up to the people if we're trying to build our own kingdom. And we become servants to the people when we sanctify ourselves. Ain't that right? We become servants to the people when we do the will of God. Not when we do the people's bidding, but when we do the will of God. We become servants to the people when we become yielded to the father. Can you say amen? That's when we love as Christ loved us because we're becoming so one with the father that he now has the preeminence in our lives that he can show what he is through us and that people don't see a personality. They're not drawn to some personality or some individual per se. They're not drawn to some fleshly idea. They're drawn to the spirit of God that is reflecting and radiating from an individual to say, "I know that man is a real Christian." He's got the goods. That woman's got the goods. That boy, that girl, I want what they've got. That's right. Can you say amen? Amen. You would think that everybody would want it, but that's not the case. Jesus was God himself, the fullness of God made flesh, and yet the people despised him. But he there was an elect. You believe it? Amen. Now notice as we wind it down now, but it was the Apostle Paul that said, "All things are for your sakes." Think of that. All things are for your sakes. He's talking to a people, right? So here, 2 Corinthians 4:8, it it it tells us what he means by all things are for your sakes. We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair. Right? Persecuted but not forsaken. Amen. Cast down but not destroyed. always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. Amen. For we which live are always delivered unto death for Jesus' sake. Think of that. For Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh. So then death workketh in us, but life in you. Amen. Yeah. See, so Paul knew that his ministry was for the people. He was cast down, but it didn't shake him. That's right. He He He was in despair or uh uh shipwrecked. He was all of these things, persecuted and cast down and in distressed and perplexed and trouble on every side. But he knew it had to be. He wasn't trying to prophesy himself out of the trouble. He wasn't whining and complaining about everybody his actions against him cuz he knew that if just Christ could be reflected. Amen. If Christ could be reflected, then it'd be worth dying in my body, bearing the suffering in my body, death working in me that life could work in them. Amen. So then as love caused Christ to live a sacrificial life, love caused Paul to live a sacrificial life for the sake of others. Can you say amen? And I want to say this, a sacrificial life is it isn't meaning that you got to become a monk. Doesn't mean that you ladies have to live as a nun. all these things. You see, Satan has so perverted the the meaning of sacrificial living and he's taken it to such [Music] extremes. But the life of a nun isn't a display of God's love. The sacrificial life of a monk that he lives isn't a display of God's love. Can you say amen? Most people who live a sacrificial life live in misery. That's it. That Paul wasn't living in misery. Jesus wasn't living in misery. When he said, "I sanctify myself for their sakes, Father." He wasn't living in misery. Amen. But most people that live sacrificial lives, it's it's it's it's a misery thing. And and most sacrificial lives is is for to get God's attention and and somehow that they win and merit their way into life. That's what sacrificial life is to a lot of folks. But that's not to a Christian. Sacrificial life is not that I merit my way to heaven. Sacrificial life is for the sake of others that are watching me. Amen. Help us God. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Jesus said, "I do always that which pleases the father." Another place said, "My meat is to do the will of him that sent me." So then doing the will of the father is a sacrificial life. Can you say amen? We don't live the Christian life grumbling and complaining and wishing we could do something different. If if if you're in that place, then you're not you ain't got the love of God. It's truth. But notice in in in Ephesians 4:1, Paul put it in a nutshell when he said, "I therefore the prisoner of the Lord." Can you say amen? And the prophet said, "See, God had a man that was subject to him, harnessed to him, and could not move until the word of God moved him. He was yolked up in the bond of love to God." And he said, "And that's what every true believer is, is a prisoner of Christ." Amen. A prisoner of love. What pre pleased Christ pleased Paul. What Christ wanted, Paul wanted. What Christ was after, Paul was after. Can you say amen? And as Christ sanctified himself for the sake of others that would believe on him, so did Paul sanctify himself for the same reason. Why? Christ wanted the people to believe on him. Paul wanted the people to believe on Christ. But listen, he was the ambassador. He was standing in Christstead. Amen. Amen. So the prophet said Christians that that that say we're Christians and then they live so far from a Christian life, they're the biggest stumbling block. Can you say amen? Most people are turned off from Christ the way people act and live. Very true. No wonder the prophet said that's why he he said we're lacking love. Lacking love. Amen. You can't live a sacrifice without the love of God. Amen. God left heaven. God left his throne to become man because of love. Amen. Yes, sir. Praise his name. What it do to us, right? Jesus said this in John 6:35. I am the bread of life. He that cometh to me shall never hunger, and he that believeth on me shall never thirst. So this is what Christ was to the people. if they could get to him and believe on him, they would never hunger. They would never thirst again. See, and Paul understood that as the ambassador for Christ, then it was his his his goal, his desire, his purpose for whole ministry, for his whole life after his conversion was to get people to Christ. Get people to Christ. Amen. You believe it? Amen. And he knew that he was standing in his day as an ambassador in thestead of Christ. His ministry was given to him so that the people could be reconciled to God. Therefore, therefore, he behaved himself in a way that people could believe. True. Amen. He wanted the people to have that opportunity to believe. If they didn't believe that was not Paul's fault, it it was the people's fault. But when it come to Paul, he lived in such a way. He behaved himself in such a way that when he got behind the pulpit, people didn't say, "Well, that old hypocrite right there, buddy, he's a thief. He's a liar. He's a no scum." The guy, he talks it, but he can't walk it. No, no, no, no, no. Paul's purpose, his goal, his vision, his drive. I got to get him to Christ. Can you say amen? Hallelujah. So we find here in 1 Thessalonians 1:5, "For our gospel came not unto you in word only." Now notice this is Paul talking to the group of people. Our gospel came not unto you in word only. This wasn't just me speaking to you, a little flowery sermon, but it came also in power and in the Holy Ghost and in much assurance. And notice as you know what manner of men we were among you for your sake. Amen. That's good. Ain't that right? 2 Thessalonians 3:6, we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tradition which he received of us. For yourselves know how you ought to follow us. Notice now he's putting himself, he knows he's the ambassador, and he's not a Jim Jones, he's not a David Caresh, he's not some other that's leading him out to a death trap. Amen. There's too many of them that's out there leading people into slaughter. But he had to stand there and say, "Follow me." Yourselves know how you ought to follow us. For we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you. That's right. That's the truth. Neither did we eat any man's bread for not, but wrought with labor and travail night and day that we might not be chargeable to any of you. Not because we have not power, but to make ourselves an example unto you to follow us. So, was Paul trying to build himself up before the people? Absolutely not. Hello. But but see, he knew that someone someone was going to follow him whether he wanted them to or not. You know, Brother Brown said someone's going to follow your life whether you want them or not. Every one of you are going to influence somebody. I don't care what you do, where you go, how whether you like it or not, somebody is going to be influenced by your life. And Paul knew that. You sit and grumble and you gripe and you and you're in and out of church and you just live in lukewarm. Remember, somebody's following that. They're going to follow you into that. Yeah. Whether it be your children pick up your spirit and and act like you and and and just live uh half lukewarm and and don't really care about God and just as long as I'm a Christian, just as long as I'm a message believer, somebody's got to get love within them. See, he wanted someone to follow. Brother Brham said, "Somebody's going to follow your footsteps." People are going to follow something. So Paul puts himself out as the follower of Christ and says, "Follow me." Notice 1 Corinthians 11:1, "Be ye followers of me, even as I also am Christ." In other words, the prophet said, "Just as I follow Christ, you follow me." Right? Just as I follow Christ, you follow me. But I promise you, Paul would tell him if if you could read between the lines, I'm not going to mislead you. I'm too worried about your soul. I love you too much. Amen. Amen. God has put us in this world to influence people. It could be your spouse that you influence. It could be your children. It could be your boss, employee. It could be somebody sitting in the pew. True. Could be someone in the church. Could be one of these boys. Whether you realize it or not, maybe they're watching you, watching how you conduct yourself outside of church. Watch how you conduct yourself in the trials. I was raised in church. I sat on the front pew. But I knew I knew when one man was going through the trials. I just knew it cuz he was mad at everybody when he was going through the trials. Yeah. mean. Then we got done with the trial. He was so kind, so nice. Oh yeah. And as a little boy, I said, "Father, God, please don't let me be like that man. I don't want what he got." And I'm a little boy. I remember another family. Every time they went to the draw, they left over Oklahoma and went to Missouri. I just figured that's where it was misery, the state of misery. They just all go to Missouri. And then when the trial was over, give it a couple years, they're back prophesying, dancing, shouting as a boy sitting on the front row, I saw them things. I said, "Oh, God, if I ever give my heart to you, I don't want to be that." Amen. I want something real. You understand what I'm saying? And there were people that I could idolize. said when I say idolized that I could follow because they had the goods in the trials they were still faithful in the ups and downs they still remained they never got in the clicks never got involved in the in the things that were going in on in the church and never got involved in worldly you never knew when they were going through a trial they were just so sweet they were so kind oh God if there's Anyway, you just allow me to be that. Amen. And them people are still idols to me. And when I say idols, I know some of you say, "Well, idol." What I mean is I still follow them. I want to follow them. Lord, they're still before me to say, "Oh, God, let me be that." Because I see that they follow you. Can you say amen? You see, Brother Brandham said, "Many people won't go to church." Well, they've got a wrong impression of church and that's getting more and more right. They think it's the women down there are witches and men are black robed demons and they just got the wrong idea about it. But I tell you what they do do. They will watch your life to see what you do. I believe it was Paul that said, "We are written epistles of God read of all men." Amen. And when you're on the street, when you're at work, wherever you are, somebody is watching you. And especially after you have said and made your confession that you are a Christian, they'll watch you that much closer then. And that gives you an influence to the people that's around about you. Well, why? Because they want real. They want reality. They want something that's true. They've seen so much fake out there. Yeah. And he says, "And we should watch what we do because if we produce the wrong influence, then we bring reproach not upon ourselves or not so much upon ourselves but upon what we claim to be Christians. We bring it upon Christ. And no one see if we would think you you would never want to bring a reproach upon Christ. But the wrong act will certainly cause a wrong reflection towards the person that's watching you." And everybody is watched when you profess to be a Christian. That's right. So then we realize that as Christians, we're not living for ourselves. We're living for those that are watching us. Can you say amen? You don't even have to say you're a Christian. There's people that watch you anyways. Yes. I um at a restaurant and we we go there quite a bit. Uh, I mean, when we do, we'd go there and never even talked to the waitress about the Lord or nothing. But I remember, you know, and and they looked that both of them looked really hard in life, just had they really had a hard time through life. And but I remember one time one of the waitresses come and she just cried and she says, "Would you please pray for me?" Amen. Well, sure. She said, "Me and my husband's going through divorce and it's just so hard." And I said, "Yes, ma'am." I said, "We'll pray." But who would have ever thought that she would come to us for prayer? We never talked about the Lord. We never talked about anything. I hope you understand. If the musicians will come, I know we got a lot, but it's okay because you've only got one service today. That's right. But 1 Corinthians 8:6 says, "But to us there is but one God, the Father of whom are all things, and we in him, and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him." How be there is not in every man that knowledge. Now notice this is Paul talking. How be it there is not in every man that knowledge. For some with conscience of the idol unto this hour, eat it eat things eat it as a thing offered unto an idol. And their conscience being weak is defiled. But meat commendeth us not to God. For neither if we eat are we the better, neither if we eat not are are we the worse. But take heed lest by any man means this liberty of yours. See it. So so let's say you're eating some kind of uh food. But but it's it's a food that others have offered it to their idols. And so maybe this young Christian or whatever, you know, but maybe someone's sitting there watching you do this and they all of a sudden get defend offended by this because they used to use it for bad things. [Music] And yet, you know, it ain't going to hurt you. You know, I mean, you understand? And so, but Paul is saying, "But now take take heed, lest by any means this liberty of yours become a stumbling block to them that are weak. For if any man see the which hath knowledge sit at meat in the idol's temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols? And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish for whom Christ died. I'll say that again. Through thy knowledge, everybody say through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish for whom Christ died. But when you sin so against the brethren and wound their weak conscience, you sin against Christ. Wherefore if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh, while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend. So the whole point of this that I wanted to bring out is Paul was careful and and was teaching us to be careful not to use our liberties or to be careful how we use our liberties, right? Because if if our liberties is going to be a stumbling block to somebody, then we can't we we've got to be careful to say, "Well, that brother needs to grow up." But maybe maybe he's not as matured as you. Maybe he's not come to that knowledge that you have. And so, as the the Bible says, bear with those that are weak, right? [Music] So then we find that Paul because he had such a love for the people, he had a real respect. Everybody say respect. He had a respect for the people. Now brother Brown says what we need is a love and respect for God and for his people. See, your ministry, if I just, you know, to you young ministers or whatever, your ministry will not be effective if there isn't a respect for the person you're trying to influence. And that goes for all of us. If if if we're trying to win souls, there has to be a respect for that individual. And you cannot have respect until you have fear. Can you say amen? So, as a solid Christian, it may not hurt for you to miss church. But what about those that are watching you? What about the weak ones that don't understand that really need church? I think everybody needs church. But see, and and and so what what are we putting before them? Then if we're not careful, we're using our liberties to be a stumbling block. You with [Music] me? It may not hurt you to walk into a bar and say hi to an individual or whatever, but what would the sinner think when they're sitting there watching you go into it? It may not hurt you to do certain things or whatever. It may not hurt. You know, someone might say, "Well, I I you know, I can get out on the beach. I'm a matured Christian. I can get out on the beach and with all these half- naked women. It ain't going to hurt me." But what about that individual that's watching you? How's that affecting? So, see, we need the love of God to constrain [Music] us. Hope you understand. This is what brother Brandham said. He quotes Ecclesiastes. He said, "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter. Fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the full duty of man." The conclusion of the whole matter is to fear God. And when you cannot have respects, he said, "And you cannot have respects until you have fear." You've got to have fear of God. Solomon said also in Proverbs that the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. The fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. He said, "Now, that doesn't mean that you're afraid of him, but that means that you're given respects and reverence. And when you respect God, you fear God. You fear that you might displease him in some way. You fear lest you would do something wrong." See, he said, "I fear my mother. I fear my wife. I fear my church. I fear all of God's servants unless I should put some a stumbling block somewhere in their way. I fear the people. I fear the people of this city unless I should do something wrong that would cause them to think that I wasn't a Christian. See you. He said before you could have respects, you got to have fear. God demands it. He demands respects. God does. He demands it and fear brings it. And we know that fear brings respects. I'm going to go one more quote [Music] tonight. He said, "Many times I'd go to houses and there are women standing out there." He says, "And I go to the house, knock on the door, and a sister would come to the door and say, "Come in, Brother Brandham." Well, if her husband is not there, unless it's a case of sickness or somebody with me, I don't go. I don't go in. And then they call me to a hospital or to a room and say, "Brother Brandon, come over here. I'm Sister so and so from so and so. I'm here at the hotel. I brought my mother along. She's sick. I Well, I take my wife. If I don't, I take some other brother. He said, "Now, see, I I think it would be all right for me to go in there." So, now he's saying, "I've got a liberty to do this. I think it'd be okay for me to to go in there, but what if some somebody seen me go in there? Well, what if what if somebody seen me do it? Then the first thing, you know, they would say, "He went in there where that woman was. He's chasing after women." Well, see, then what happens? He runs his his effect upon that individual, and he's saying, "I I don't want to use my liberty in that way. I want to win people to Christ." Right? [Music] So he says, you know, uh uh he went in there where that womb was. He's chasing after women. That would be a thing I shouldn't do. You should never do anything like that because you put a stumbling block or a stumbling in somebody else's way. I don't believe that I would do anything wrong in there. I would I I I I would and trust God to go in there. No matter what the thing was, I would trust God. But yet, see, I love the Lord well enough till I wouldn't do it. It's a love you have. You'll not do it because it's it's you you'll not do it because it's a duty to do it. You do it because you love the Lord. You don't have to do it, but you do it anyhow. Can you say amen? You love him. I pray that somehow this was a help to you, a blessing, how we need the love of God more richly in our lives. Amen. What's all you for the price you paid? Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious high and lifted up Jesus son of [Music] God. Halleluah. Crucified. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Oh, thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. Bearing all my sin and shame. in love. You came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for your love, [Music] Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hand. Wash me in your cleansing flow. And all I know is your forgiveness and embrace word. Bless the name of the Lord seated on your throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious, high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, treasure of heaven, [Music] crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Sing the last lines. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Once again, oh worthy is the lamb. He looked beyond my faults. I shall forever lift my nights to Calary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How marvelous the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond all my faults and sorrow. [Music] Sing that verse. Amazing grace. It shall always [Music] be my song of grace. For it was grace that bought my liberty. [Music] I do not [Music] know just why he came to love me so. But he loved beyond my fault. Aren't you glad he did that? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing it now. I shall forever lift my knives to count. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] My liberty. [Music] I do not know just why he came to love me so. believer beyond all my faults and so might need. I shall forever lift my eyes to [Music] Calary. To you the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous the grace that call my falling soul. He looked beyond all my faults my need. Amazing grace with joyful heart I sing of him. For by your [Music] grace you set this heart free. [Music] In all my days, I'll never cease to sing your praise. For all the [Music] gloryy, glory belongs to [Music] thee. And I shall [Music] forever lift my eyes to Calary to view the cross which Jesus died for me. How [Applause] [Music] marvelous the grace that come my love beyond all my fault and all my needs. And I shall forever lift my knees to [Music] Calvary. To view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] foundless. The grace that my father stood beyond all my faults and show my needs. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that bought my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me. So he loved beyond all my faults and saw my need. And I shall forever live my life to [Music] Calvary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Thank you. [Music] [Music] This place is the Lord. my falling soul. He looked beyond my fall and saw my need. Well, dear you loving church, he is so wonderful. Appreciate your patience. Amen. And um let's sing one more song as we get ready to dismiss now. Turn. Turn. Uh turn it over to Jesus. Oh no. What key is that? Turn. Let's go up. Turn it over to Jesus. Turn it over to Jesus. Turn it over to Jesus. Everything's going to be all right. Oh, just turn it over to Jesus. Oh, turn it over to Jesus. Oh, turn it over to Jesus. Everything going to be all right. Oh, all right. All right. [Music] All right. Oh, everything's going to be all right. Just turn it over to Jesus. Turn it over to Jesus. Oh, turn it over to Jesus. Everything. Sing it once again. Turn it over. [Music] Oh, turn it over. Turn it over. Everything's going to be all right. Everything's going to be all right. Oh, everything's going to be all right. Well, God bless you. Love you. Bless the name of the Lord. I encourage you to pray for our meeting coming up and uh we're just really asking God to do great things and um I know Satan been attacking uh different ones in the church with sickness and and things but I'm just believing for a real miracle and uh God just drive that demon away from this place and and um but we're just looking for a wonderful time and keep one another in our prayer as we're um you know going to be I guess the start of sun next Sunday is putting that tent up till the meeting we're going to be busy and um so we coveret the prayers and um um so just remember next Sunday around 4:00 or so we'll be setting up the tent and um so if you available we'd love to have you And um brother Andrew Glover will be ministering for us Sunday as well. He wanted to help set the tent up. So well if you're going to be here, will you preach for us too? So we just love working people. And so uh we enjoy his ministry though. And so believe in the Lord to be with us. Amen. So God bless you is our prayer. And um brother Will, do you want to dismiss us in prayer? Amen.
