################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-08-10 - 16 0810 Perfect Faith pt 2 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-08-10
Title:   16 0810 Perfect Faith pt 2
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z28qRsulb68
========================================

the Lord with um saints of like precious faith. It's a um it's a real privilege and it's not something that you'll just find everywhere in every country. It's a real privilege to to have to have to be to have friends that are believers. It's a real gift from God. So, a lot of people don't have that. Some people don't have that. You know, they might have one or two believer friends within 100 kilometers of them, but we have a lot here. It's really nice. It's really good. So, um, it's good to take these opportunities to meet together when it's only, you know, half an hour away by car. We've got it pretty easy these days, eh? Our life is pretty straightforward. Quite, it's not straightforward, but things have been arranged for us to make life reasonably easy and meeting up quite easy. Imagine if it was maybe a you know if they wanted to have meetings in the 1800s it would have been more of an a um there would have been a lot more challenges to meet together. Let's say if there all of us lived here in Wellington and it was 100 years ago. Yeah. It would have been a lot more challenging to meet together on a Wednesday night. You know if you lived on the carpety coast you're not coming here. Or if you if you live where we we live we wouldn't make it here. You know how would we get here? horse leave it, you know, 3:00, you know, it's it's the the opportunities that we have of uh I sometimes it's good to think about these things so that we don't get lazy, you know, not saying we are I'm not saying that it's just for my own mind, you know, I like to think about these things. Praise the Lord. Let's just um open in prayer this evening. Heavenly Father, we thank you that we can come here this evening, Lord, and we just come to worship you to praise you, to thank you for all that you've done for us. Um Lord, you've been so good to us throughout our our life, Lord. And we thank you for your calling to us, Lord. We thank you for the great revelation that you've granted us. Um Lord, as brother Brandham said, you know, we should pray for revelation above all else. And Lord, it's only by your grace that you've revealed yourself to us. And we um really appreciate that and we just want to come here this evening just in recognition of our thankfulness to you to Lord just to hear what you would have, what you would speak to us. I pray you bless brother Ben as he brings a a word tonight and that um we each one of us will be blessed and we know that you you can work in ways Lord that we can't work and you can just orchestrate things and just do things that we can't do Lord. So we want to commit the service over to you. We pray you bless those that are streaming in and bless those that couldn't make it um this evening that different folks that are away and things and bless the carpety prison. I think they're having a a prayer meeting up there. So I pray you'd bless them and um yeah just we just humbly invite you into our midst um this evening in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh let's um stand and sing. Um he will fill your heart today to overflowing. Number 268. Are you looking for the fullness of the blessing of the Lord this morning? Are you looking for the fullness of the blessing of the Lord in your heart and life today? Claim the promise of your father. Come according to his word in the blessed all time way. He will fill your heart today to overflow as the Lord commands you. Bring your vessels again. He will fill your heart today to overflow with the Holy Ghost and power. Bring your empty vessels through Jesus through his blood. Coming one and all. And in human consecration, wait before the throne of God till the Holy Ghost shall rule. He will fill your heart today to overflow as the Lord command that you bring your vessels not you will fill your heart today to overflow with the heaven like the oil unfailing is his grace forever and his unchanging and according to his promise with the Holy Ghost that come he will lift every place. He will fill your heart today to overflow as the Lord commande bring your vessels out of you. He will fill your heart today to overflow with the Holy Ghost and cross. He will fill your heart today to overflow. As the Lord commanded you, bring your vessels non. He will fill your heart today to overflow with the Holy Ghost and power. Amen. Amen. Let's do number um 210. He is the Lord of glory. He is the great I am. C uh verse. Yeah. Behold, what manner of man is this goose? You see, he heals the slain, the lame, the hope, and he makes the blind to see. He opens all the prisons and sets the captives free. Behold, what manner of man is this? What manner of man is he? He's the Lord of glory. He is the great lion, the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful, the prince of peace is he. Amen. He's the everlasting father throughout eternity. Behold, what manner of man is this who stands between God and man? His eyes are as a flame of fire. Seven stars are in his hand. John saw him in the seven churches as the sun in brilliance. Behold, what manner of man is this? What manner of man is he? He's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am the alpha and only the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful. He's gone to our man is this who heals that thy [Music] siest heal now and he cries come unto me. Behold, what manner of man is this? What manner of man is he? He's the Lord of glory. He is the great high, the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful. The prince of peace is he. He's the everlasting father throughout eternity. Behold, what manner of man is this who sits on his heavenly throne? He rules and reigns from heaven above, his beloved and his own. He's the line of the tribe of Judah. The root of David is he. Behold, what manner of man is this? What manner of man is he? He's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am, the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful. The prince of peace is he. He's the everlasting father throughout eternity. He's the Lord of glory. He is the glory. He is the great lion, the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful. The prince of peace is he. He's the everlasting father throughout eternity. Amen. Amen. Amen. He's the lion of the tribe of Judah. Brother Andy asked me the other day, people were talking about lions, some lions, and Andy asked me, "Who are the lions? It's a team." I said, "I think they're an English team, you know, the Lions." That's what I said. They're the Lions. And then we found out a few days later they're a South African rugby team, the Lions. But we kind of concluded the only Lions we support is the lion of the tribe of Judah. No disrespect to all that stuff, but hey, that's what we kind of concluded. [Music] Amen. Um let's sing um Holy Words long preserved. Now number [Music] 96. Holy word long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God in. Words of life, words of hope. Give us strength. Help us in this world where we wrong. The word of God will guide us home. Word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith handed down to the saint came to us through sacrifice. Oh, he the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long reserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Word of God ever changing me, changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh, let the word of God involve. Word of [Music] God changing me, changing me. We have come with hope. Oh, let the word of God. [Music] Holy words of our faith handed down to this age came to us through sacrifice. Oh he the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God in part. Word of God ever changing me. Changing me. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. The word of God. Word of God. Ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open arms. Oh, let the word of God. [Music] number 271. This be the time that bind our hearts in Christian love. The [Music] fellowship of kindred mind is like to that above before our fatherless. [Music] We pour our heart in prayer. How fears is our hope? [Music] Our one, our comfort and our king. We share our mutual tr and Oh sh earth eyesing [Music] tear when we are underart. [Music] It gives us inward pain, but we shall still be joined in hope and hope to meet again. This glorious hope [Music] reinde by the way while each genation lives and to see the day from sorrow and pain and sin. We shall be free and perfect love and friendship reign through all eternity. Let's sing that last verse again. Oh from sorrow, toll and pain and sin we shall be free. [Music] That perfect love and friendship break through all. Hallelujah. Glory Lord. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads a word of prayer. Gracious Father, Lord, we're not just looking for perfect love and friendship reigning in eternity, but Lord, we're thankful, Lord, that that is reigning now in us, Lord Jesus, that which is eternal is manifested in flesh once again. And Father, we're here, Lord, just on a Wednesday that we could come drink from the fountain. Amen. Father, you would renew us, Lord. Renew the inner man as the Apostle Paul admonished us to do. Yes. And Father, we thank you we can come into your presence, Lord. And so glad when we're in your presence, Lord. All the trials of life seem very light and they seem distant and not even where really a problem, Lord, when we're in your presence. And Father, that's why we've come just to just get strength out of your word tonight, Father. May you feed us from your hand, Lord. We just want to lift um we want to lift Sister Lindley's grandchildren into your presence by prayer, Lord. these twins, Father, born at 33 weeks, Lord, and they're in intensive care or Skoo, whatever it's called there. Father, I pray you would go and touch those little ones. Lord, may they grow healthy and strong. May their time in hospital be very short. Father, may you anoint them, each one. Father, may you just be with them. And Lord, may you just be with Sister Lindley, Lord, and and Sarah and Kanan. Father, may there be a real strength to Anna and her husband and Father, may they see divine love projected and may you bring them in because of this, oh God. And we want to pray for Anna down here as well, Lord. How the hospital's pretty much given her up, Lord. But Father, cancer, nothing will stand. As your prophet was told, nothing will stand before your prayers, not even cancer. And we believe that same anointing that was upon him is upon the bride. And Lord, we lift her into your presence by prayer once again. Father, that you would not allow the enemy to take her life. Father, that she wouldn't go to a endless eternity of being lost, but Father, that you would touch her, Lord, that she wouldn't just be healed, but she would be saved, Lord. That it wouldn't matter if the cancer takes her or not, but she would go victorious, full of faith from this world to the next, Lord. But we pray you'd also raise up her body, Father. you drive this cancer devil from her in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, that her and her family would know that you're the true and living God. Father, may you grant it for your glory. And Lord, we just ask you would anoint speaker and hear it one more time. Lord, guide us in your word tonight. We pray please for your glory alone in Jesus Christ's name, Lord. And if there's any other any any other burdens or unspoken requests on any hearts, Lord, I pray you'd go to meet those needs, Lord, for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we ask, Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Isaac. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Good evening, everyone. God bless you. It's great to have uh Sister Margaret Prime with us. God bless you all the way from the far north. Amen. Amen. She drove she's staying with her family in Otaki. So, she drove all the way to be with us tonight. So, God bless you. Privilege of, you know, to have you here. And um Amen. We serve a living God. Amen. That's right. Amen. And let's go to uh couple of places I'd like to read. Let's go to Hebrews 11. Chapters 1 and 2. I mean Hebrews 11:es 1 and two and three says, "Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. For by it the elders obtained a good report. Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear." Amen. and we'll go to 2 Corinthians uh chapter 4. And I want to kind of continue on where we were on Sunday if I may. Now we'll go to I'll read from verse 8. He says this here, we are troubled on every side yet not distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair, persecuted but not forsaken, cast down but not destroyed, always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. For we which live are always delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh. So then death workketh in us, but life in you. We have the same spirit of faith according as is written, I believed and therefore I have spoken. We believe and therefore speak, knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise us up also by Jesus and shall present us with you. For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might through the thanks uh through the thanksgiving of many rebound to the glory of God. For for which cause we faint not, but though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day. For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, workketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which uh but the things which are not seen, for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal. Amen. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. I'd like to read just one more scripture in Psalms chapter 19. Now we've we've read that by faith the elders obtained a good report and they understood that the whole world is made by things that are not seen. And Paul speaking to the Corinthians, he basically picks up the same kind of line of thought and he says that the things which are seen are temporal, but the things that are not seen are eternal. And and he and he was understanding that there was more to life. You know, our lives are not to be governed by by temporal things. And we can see even this David here in the Psalms, he he begins to speak about the heavens. And we'll just read the first part of Psalms 19. says, "The heavens declare the glory of God, and the firminant showeth his handiwork. They unto day utterth speech, and night unto night showeth knowledge. There is no speech, nor language, which their voice is not heard. Their line is gone out through all the earth, and their words to the end of the world. In them hath he set a tabernacle for the son, which is as a bridegroom coming out of his chamber, and rejoices as a strong man to run a race." His going forth is as the end of the heaven, and his circuit unto the ends of it, and there is nothing hid from the heat thereof. So David, David would look up into the stars, and he would begin to see that, you know, the the very stars in heaven are are speaking and they are, you know, we understand, brother Bram told us there's three Bibles. There's the stars, there's the there's the pyramids, and then we have the written word here. But we see that David was very aware that when he looked up into the stars, he was looking at more than uh whatever he comprehended them naturally to be. But he could see the voice of God speaking. And he could see that God was, you know, he said it didn't matter what language, you know, the um you know, the people on the earth were speaking, they the stars were speaking their language and they were declaring the glory of God. Amen. And his whole life, David's whole life from when he was anointed as a shepherd boy, his whole life was guided by an unseen hand. And we understand that we are living the same kind of life. You know, we we do not live by these five senses. I know this may be very elementary, but you got to understand that if faith, if if God has revealed his word to you in this hour, that it your life is not governed by your senses. Your your life is not governed by your thinking, but your life is governed by your faith. Amen. Amen. Your whole outlook on life, the way you look at things, how you walk through life, how you react to things is by your faith alone. I trust it is because that's how it's meant to be. It is not meant to be by your natural mind or how you know your culture you're from or wherever you know you've been born in what era you're raised or whatever more. But your life must be governed by your faith. Amen. Because we see in the old, you know, we read there in Hebrews 11 that the elders by faith obtained a good report and and Paul would would would would tell the Hebrews these things because the the elders, they lived out their portion of the word. You understand that, you know, brother Bar makes a very simple statement. He said that what good would Moses do to build an ark and and and and say we need to build an ark like Noah did because Noah lived out his message and then and then Moses lived out his message and he said what good would John the Baptist do bringing Moses' message and and he brought it all the way down through and he brought it into this day saying what good is it if the Methodist brought the Lutheran message you there you know there's a new message God is opening his word for every age and the reason that that Paul would go through to the uh Hebrews 11 there as he was showing where God revealed himself to a people and they were they were they were the interpretation of the word given to them. We you know we see Noah Noah you know he received a word I'm going to flood this world because of the wickedness of man. You've got to build an ark. And then so Noah's whole life from that point on when when he met God because you read Genesis chapter 6 and and um and and and it said but Noah found grace in the sight of God. So it wasn't that Noah was necessarily a good man or he was different to anyone else but he found grace in the sight of God. So God revealed himself to Noah and then so from that time on his faith was governing his life. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. So his whole his faith was governing because he because the vision became so real to him. I'm going to flood the world. And we don't know what language Noah spoke. We don't know what language God spoke to him. But his but but the but his faith was interpreted by the life he lived after that moment. Amen. Amen. You say, "How do you know it's going to flood? I'm building a boat." Amen. Amen. How do I, you know, how do you know this this boat's going to work? Because God gave me the dimensions. And so he was the his life was the interpretation of the word given to him. It's the same thing with Moses. You know, we could go all the way down. The same thing with Moses. God told God promised Abraham that his seed was going to be in a strange land in 400 years. And I'm going to deliver them out with a mighty hand and bring them back to this place. 400 odd years later, Moses was there. Amen. And he became the interpretation of the prophecy given to Abraham. Amen. because you know he was a you know he was 80 years old and no doubt he probably thought that his life had come to an end. You know he probably felt like he was a failure because we understand that um his parents his parents received a visitation and they knew that their son was going to be the deliverer. It was quickened to them and God arranged it in such a way that his mom raised him. Amen. And no doubt no doubt she would just been pouring into him as much as she could. You're a special child. Amen. Amen. We're inspired to put you into a little, you know, basket there and put you down the crocodileinfested Nile and, you know, but but God promised our father Abraham. Amen. And you're the man that's going to do it, Moses. And he and she would have been pouring that into him and it would never have left them. Amen. That's why it's always important, you know, bring raise your children up and I believe it will not depart from them. Doesn't matter where they go in life. I remember Bible. This is all I had was Bible, you know, bedtime Bible stories from my dad. I went through I I went through all kinds of things in the world, but that never left me. Amen. Amen. And so now Moses, so so Moses, you know, that's why when he was, you know, 80 odd years old, he probably thought his life was over, but then he was he was leading sheep down a path he would have led sheep down many times. And he looked aside, he saw a burning bush there. And he and he and but it wasn't just burning. It wasn't consumed. And it wasn't just a fire in a non-consuming bush, but a voice spoke out of it. Says, "I'm the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob." And he, you know, begins to speak to him. And then, Brother Bram says that after that, Moses now his whole life. Remember, he believed he was the deliverer, but in his human faith, he failed. Yeah. Amen. In his human faith, he failed. But then when God took him on the back side of the desert and got Moses out of Moses and then God could come down and dwell in Moses and use him as he wanted to, he went down and and and brother Bram, you know, when you think about it, you know, we read the scripture and we just take it for granted. But here was a 80-year-old man. He had his children and his wife and he's, you know, on the back of a donkey. He's got a staff in his hand and and and brother B would say, you know, dramatizing it, they say, "Moses, where are you going?" He says, "I'm going down to Egypt to take over." And the thing is, he did it. Amen. He conquered the greatest nation upon the face of the earth. Brother Ram says, "One spear, one arrow could have settled the whole thing." He was just a little old man with a stick. But he was anointed by the spirit of God. And and he would speak first person to Pharaoh saying, "Let my people go." That was God speaking through Moses. Amen. And so his whole walk after that was now was he was he was the interpretation. The life he lived after that was the interpretation of the message given to him. Amen. And faith remember faith governed his life. But then now as I said on Sunday, we have a weak spot and the devil will use our own personality against us. And Moses had a temper. Amen. Remember this is under the blood of bulls and goats. So he could never get rid of it, you know, with that capacity cuz he wasn't under the blood of Jesus Christ. Blood of bulls and goats can never change the nature of a man. But the blood of Jesus Christ can. Amen. Hallelujah. And so he had that temper. And so when he struck the rock with that temper, saying, "You bunch of rebels, do I have to bring forth water for you?" That was not He wasn't operating by faith anymore. He was operating in a carnal realm. Amen. And so it's the same thing the same thing with us. Amen. Moses Moses life was was was uh governed by his faith. the revealed faith. He had David exactly the same way. I just want because remember they're a shadow. We are the reality. Amen. That's why you can go back and see yourself in these and it's not you putting yourself in the scripture. God puts you in that scripture. I mean, God quickens it to you because that's a shadow, but they're a shadow of you. You know, Brother Bam says you should see Jesus Christ in every scripture. And I'll say this, you should be able to see yourself in every scripture, too. Amen. Sure, you can see Christ and Moses and Christ and David and Christ and, you know, Noah and all these different ones, but you should be able to see yourself in there because you're the feminine part of him. Amen. And husband and wife are one. Amen. That's why we can see David. Brother could see himself in David. He said, "Remember the last sermon I preached before I went on the healing campaigns about David and Goliath, you know, and he said about how we got this little slingshot. There's all these big giants of unbelief in the land." And he said he went and slayed that giant of unbelief that God would, you know, cuz there was a, you know, at that point Pentecost was at lowest eb before brother went on his, you know, went on the, you know, international field there. And so, so there's giants of unbelief saying, "God is not the same yesterday, today, and forever." And here comes a little man. Amen. The prophet of, you know, you the prophet of Elijah coming upon the scene. And he preaches this sermon saying, you preach about David and Goliath. And then he went and lived out what he preached. Amen. Amen. Because he down that giant of unbelief showing that God is still the same. So he put himself in the scripture. Amen. And so if he can do that, you sure can do that. You understand? Because your life is the interpretation of the word. Amen. And so now David's life was governed by faith. And that's why he did not kill Saul when he could have killed Saul twice. You know the story, you know, both times, you know, the guy with him saying, "Now you can kill them. It'll be all be over." But he but he was he was operating in a different kind of realm because he knew that it was God that put kings in place and God took kings away. He was looking at an unseen unseen part of the world which is the real part. So God, so David knew the season whenever God ordained that he would leave from hurting his dad's sheep. And then whenever the season changed that he'd be on the throne, that's God ordained. Amen. Amen. So he knew in himself, he literally didn't have to do anything to cause himself to go on the throne because he could have done it. Look, I look look who I've got at the end of my spear. King Saul. Now I'm king. Remember, I was anointed by Samuel. He didn't do it that way. Amen. Because he knew. Remember that's why you have to confidence. You have to have confidence in the word that you've been called under. Amen. Remember he was called under a word. You're you know Samuel anointed him. You're going to be the king of Israel. That was the word he was anoint you called under. Amen. And it said when the anointing oil came upon him said the spirit of God was with him from that day on. Amen. And so what the what the prophet poured out upon David became manifested. It was a few years later. In God's eyes, he already was king. Amen. Because he said to Samuel, "I've rejected Saul. Saul is not my king." So in God's eyes, David was already king. But he had to have the character in order to be king. Amen. And and also man had to recognize that he was king. Yeah. Because because in in in in man's eyes, Saul was still king, but God had already rejected him as king. Amen. So he was called under a word, you're going to be king of Israel. Yeah. And he was so that never left him even in his days of being a, you know, he was a fugitive in his own land. He was a fugitive in his own land, but he knew he was going to be king. And those mighty men that gathered themselves to David, they knew he was coming into power. Amen. Amen. They knew he was going to be king. They were never there when he was anointed. They were probably never there when he killed Goliath. Yeah. Amen. But they knew there was something different about David. Amen. And they knew he was coming into power. They weren't looking at, oh, he's a fugitive. He's basically a modern-day terrorist and the state's trying to hunt him down. They didn't look at those things. They're looking to unseen things. Those men were spiritual. That's right. Amen. They were spiritual. They knew that a that a vindicated prophet of God had anointed David. And they knew that the words that Samuel spoke and the actions he did, they always came to pass. Amen. Are you following me? And so, and so David, so not only David knew it, but the men under him knew it. And it was not just and it was vindicated that they believed it because they did mighty acts that that was supernatural acts. One killed 300 odd men, another guy killed a lion and all these different kinds of things. And it wasn't Hollywood. It's not a choreographed battle. Amen. But they're the same anointing that was on David came upon them. And that was the vindication that they believed he was coming into power and he was coming into power. That's right. Hallelujah. Amen. Now you jump forward a few thousand years, however many. And now we know that our David, the Lord Jesus, is coming into power. Amen. Amen. We know soon and very soon he's going to be the king of David on the throne in the millennium. Amen. And we have gathered ourselves unto David. Amen. And the vindication that he's coming to power is because the same anointing that was upon the prophet of God and was on all the believers all the way down is now upon the bride of Christ. Amen. And when brother Ram said, "I must ride this trail again," he wasn't speaking of his own physical self having the same repeat of the same ministry. But he but God was speaking first person through a man saying the same anointing that was upon the prophets going to go upon a people and that same ministry will be lived out in a many membered body. Amen. Amen. So the anointing that was on David came upon his mighty men and they did the same things David did. David was a little boy. He kills a giant. Amen. Everything was stacked against David, but God was with him. Amen. Those mighty men, the same thing. Everything would have been stacked against him, but God was with them, and that's why they won the victory. But they were looking to the unseen. Amen. And their lives, I don't know what they did before that. It's not recorded, but their lives after they gathered to David, they were walking according to faith. Amen. Amen. They were walking according to faith. And it's the same thing with us. As I said, you have to recognize the word you're called under. Amen. Because the word the word we're called under in this day is that this message is to call a bride for Jesus Christ. Amen. This message is to call a people for a rapture. Amen. This message is to call a people that all of the works of Satan are under her feet. Amen. Amen. This message is to call an invincible army. Brother Bram calls you. Amen. This message is to call a people a super race, a super church. Amen. Brother Bram says in the rising of the sun, she is him. Amen. Because husband and wife are one. Amen. That's what this message is called to do. This message is to call a people that are victorious in every situation. Amen. And that's why you can go back and you can look at the life of Joseph. You know, we can just go back there. His life was governed by those dreams he had. Amen. He just had two dreams, but it became so real to him that it never left him wherever he was going. If he was a slave down to Egypt or he's in the prison in Egypt or wherever it was, he knew those things were going to come to pass. And it so gripped it all. Amen. That he knew it was going to happen. Amen. He didn't have a Bible to read. Amen. He had two dreams. And he knew it was going to come to pass. That's right. Amen. Same thing with Abraham. As I said, you read the accounts when God goes and speaks to Abraham. They're not that long. 25 years, a few minutes. Amen. Remember, we are the sons and daughters of Abraham according to faith. But his life was governed by that faith. He was looking to the unseen. He wasn't looking to this. Amen. Amen. He wasn't looking to this thing. He was looking to the word he was called under. That's why you've got to hold it very sacred and special when this message became alive to you. When the you know when this Bible became a new book, I trust it's become a new book to you where it's not stories and maybe a bunch of law and rules and the but you can see you know it becomes a personal love letter. Amen. I trust it's changed to become that. You got to hold that precious because you know a love letter is only is only revealed to someone that's in relationship with that that's written the letter. That's right. Hallelujah. It's not written to any you know someone someone can maybe try and unlock it and maybe understand the emotion and the you know the expression behind it but it's only that which is in relationship with the one writing the letter can really gather the depths of of the letter. Amen. Like it's like brother Bram says about you know I get a letter from my wife and you know she says well I just put the kids to bed and all these different things but he says because because I love her and I'm I'm in a relationship with her I can read between the lines and really see what he's saying. It's the same thing with the word of God. It doesn't take you off onto something different but you can read between the lines and you can see really what God is saying to you. Hallelujah. So you got to hold that very special. You got to hold that very sacred because he doesn't, you know, God is not a flirtter. Amen. He's not a womanizer. I'll put it that way. He has his bride. He finds her. He makes her fall in love with him. And then he just keeps revealing himself, drawing himself. I mean, drawing her to himself. Amen. That's his intent. That's why he sent the friend of the bridegroom in this last days. A lot. You know, John the Baptist said, you know, he identified himself as the friend of the bridegroom. He says the bride is with the friend of the bridegroom and then when the bridegroom comes, the friend of the bridegroom introduces the bride. Amen. Amen. And it's the same. And then, but if but if you looked at it in Carnalize, here's a man covered in a goat. I mean a camel skin, whatever it was, never probably taken a bath in his life, coming out of the wilderness, eating locust and honey, standing knee deep in the mud of the Jordan, saying, "Repent for the kingdom of God is at hand." That's a carnal eyes. But those who could see with unseen eyes, could actually identify this is the friend of the bridegroom. This is the Elijah that's going to introduce us to to our Messiah. Hallelujah. And then so they were looking with those kind of eyes. And so when he said, "I'm the friend of the bridegroom, they would have something would have anchored into their souls because it was, you know, it goes beyond just a savior or redeemer." But here comes the husband. Amen. To find his wife. A far deeper thing than just someone who delivers. Amen. As a Messiah. But now here comes the husband to the woman, to the bride. Amen. And this man who looks like some kind of fanatic out of the wilderness, he's the one that's going to unite the two together. Hallelujah. Amen. And then and then brother makes a you know makes more than just this statement. He says he says the bridegroom call will come right through this through this message. And he and he identified himself very clearly as Malachi 4, the Elijah to forun the second coming. Hallelujah. Amen. It's it's you know he says it well to me it's quite blatant. He doesn't leave you guessing. That's right. Amen. He says, "Yeah, the son of man being revealed." Now, he says, "Can't you see the son of man revealed in the prophetic?" Yeah. Trying to get the people to see this is more than a healing ministry. This is more than just a different move of some denomination. But now here, God sent a servant upon the earth. And that servant was backed up by the bridegroom himself. Amen. And that servant was sent to find a bride for Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. And then so the words that are spoken united bride and bridegroom together. Remember faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. As I said many times, you go to Acts chapter 10, Cornelius's house. Peter speaking words. And while yet Peter spake these words about the resurrection, the Holy Ghost fell upon them and they sealed into the kingdom. What happened? A man was speaking words and he united the bridegroom and the bride together. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. And they could I don't know how they felt about it, but they would have looked back at that day because they were so they were so caught up. Here's our here's our brother Cornelius. He's had a visitation of an angel and he says, "Go to Joper and find this man Peter." And then he sends men into Joper and he finds Peter and God's working at Peter's end. And then here comes Peter in the door. Here comes here comes the here comes the manifestation of that visitation. Amen. I trust I'm not speaking in riddles. And they were so alarmed by that then. Well, yet Peter spake these. That's why the Holy Ghost fell upon them. Fell upon them like it did because they saw Cornelius would have said, you know, I was in prayer and an angel visited me. That's not normal everyday occurrence. and they would have been stirred up by these things. They believe what Cornelius was saying. And then here we have then we have the same if you want to jump forward 2,000 years. And here's a man. He says, "I met an angel in a cave. I was wondering about my mysterious birth and you know why my life is so different and and he was, you know, he begin to describe him 200 lb in weight, you know, here down to about here in a white robe and and and it was the angel of the Lord." And he identified the ministry and scripture and here it is. And and it wasn't just him saying amen. an angel in a cave, but that same angel came on the platform. Amen. Hallelujah. And the people, you know, those who are looking to the unseen. Amen. Because we're not looking. Many people were just looking for healing and they're looking for cancers to fall off and they're looking for all manners of diseases to be cast out. And sure, that's glorious because it shows Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. But it went beyond that. Amen. He was a man who's going to actually introduce the bride. Amen. And his whole life, remember his life is an interpretation of Malachi 4. Amen. Amen. Amen. The first part of it. Amen. Because it says, "Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet." Amen. So his his whole life was an interpretation of Malachi 4, Luke 17:30, the son of man being revealed. Amen. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. You know, later saying church age, Jesus shut on the outside of the church. And then brother Bram said he moves to Tucson. Says, and he says, and he's basically crying on the tape. I've been here how much, you know, however long and not one of you pastors have invited me. And he was and he was eventually kicked out of the denomination because they couldn't take the truth of the word. And that's why he went with the full gospel businessmen at the end because even the Pentecostals turned him down. What? That is an interpretation of behold I stand at the door and knock because that's Jesus shut out of his own church and that word had to become flesh. That's right. That's right. Amen. So it was lived out. Amen. Amen. Amen. But then that is the only first part of the scripture. It's just like Jesus Jesus walking with the two on the way to Emmas. They had a six-hour sermon on scripture that had just been fulfilled. Amen. a six-hour sermon on fulfilled prophecy. But that was just half of the that's just half of the picture because remember it was no secret that that Jesus became flesh because it was prophesied all the way down through. But there were a people a Peter, James, and a John. There was a woman at the well. of Mary and Martha and and and and and all those ills and Elizabeth and you know all the believers there Zachcharias and you know they were the unexpressed part of the word but they were they were included in that prophecy. Amen. Because even even you know John when he would stand there and they would come to him and they would say who are you and you know he said art thou the Christ? He says no I'm not worthy to even take off his sandals. They say who are you? He says I'm the voice of one crying in the wilderness to prepare the way of the Lord. Well, when we look at that scripture, we just see John, but in the reality that he had to have a father and mother. Amen. Amen. So, Elizabeth and Zacharias, they were in that scripture as well. You understand? It doesn't take away from the word, but they were included in that scripture. Amen. Amen. There were there were a people. Remember the scripture tells us that Jesus would take a people from the Gentiles for his name's sake. Amen. So, that part was a mystery. Yeah. But everyone who became one with him, that was him taking a people for his name's sake. It's like, you know, it's like husband and wife come together. What are you doing? You're taking a woman for your name's sake. Amen. To become one with her. So, it wasn't a mystery when Jesus came or when John came. But the fisherman, you know, Matthew the tax collector, all of those ones, Paul, I mean, Saul who became Paul, you know, Jesus, Jesus, there's a scripture where it says that he would be a light to the Gentiles. And then Paul, the Apostle Paul picks up that same scripture and says, "I'm a light to the Gentiles." Amen. So, if we just read that scripture, we think, "Now, the Lord is a light to the Gentiles." But there was a there was a hidden part of that scripture which was the apostle Paul because remember the acts of the apostles is the acts of the Holy Ghost in the apostles. So it's just a continuation of the same ministry of Jesus Christ but now in a different form. Amen. Amen. Amen. Same God different form. Amen. One fullness of God bodily and one man. Now it's in a multi-membered body. Amen. And so they begin to the Apostle Paul before the road to Damascus experience, he was not looking to the unseen. He was a carnal man, a carnal religious man. He could quote the scripture like like no one ever could. He could probably stand here and go from Genesis to the end of Malachi and probably back and forth very easy. But he was a connally minded religious man. So his life was not governed by faith. Amen. It was just a human mental faith. But then when he met the Lord on the road to Damascus, now you can see history repeat itself. As I said, David, the reason David operated the way he did is because he was walking by faith knowing God was going to make him king. And it was at God's timing in a certain whenever that was he was going to become king and he didn't have to destroy his rivals even though they were trying to destroy him Saul you know and then now you come to the apostle Paul he meet he's he sees this light shine down he says who are you Lord it says I am Jesus whom you persecute and then you come to the end of the book of acts and he's talking to to I think you know a gripper in them and it and And it's quite a few years down the road. And he says, "I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision." Amen. So he was his whole life from that point down to that point. His life was governed by faith. Amen. He didn't know all the details when he met the Lord on the road to Damascus. He didn't know he's going to be shipwrecked. He didn't know he was going to be beaten. He didn't know he was going to be in chains. He didn't know all, you know, all the affliction that he received. But those things, he says, "But nothing moves me." I know I've said these things before, but but he could. And you got to put yourself in in his shoes. Amen. Sure, we get discouraged. Sure, the battle gets hard sometimes. Sure, we don't understand what's going on, but don't take, you know, you know, the circumstances around us. We know where we're going. We know where we came from. Amen. But it's but it's a walk of faith every day that we don't fully comprehend what's going on. But you've just got to rest in the fact all things work together for good for those that love God, who loves God, and who are called according to his purpose. And the bride is absolutely called according to his purpose. Amen. Amen. So that's why we have to keep our focus. You know, even brother Brandham, he would he would he would take that same text as, you know, Paul quoting Paul saying, "I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision." And he wasn't disobedient. Amen. Even though he had to go through great hardship and trial, you know, he could he could literally repeat Paul's words of saying, "All have forsaken me because all did." Amen. But he stood true to the commission. Amen. He didn't compromise with any system of man. He didn't buckle to any kind of religious pressure no matter what it cost him. He knew he knew what he was called to do. Amen. And you can hear him especially in the early early services when he's there and he's got a prayer line and the devil doesn't seem to budge. And he would remind Satan, "An angel met me in a cave." And he said, "If I'm sincere, nothing will stand before my prayers, not even cancer." Says, "I'm believing. The people are leaving. Now you have to go." He would remind he would remind Satan about that because Satan knew that that happened. Amen. So he he held that commission very close to his heart. Amen. And you have to do the same. You have to do the same. You've been called to be the bride of Christ. Amen. Amen. You've got to hold that real because we're we're commissioned. Amen. Amen. We're not just here to fill fill seats and go through a religious motion. We're here to be a final voice to a final age. Hallelujah. Amen. We're here to be a living Bible in front of the people. Doesn't matter what what they do with it. What they do with you is between them and God. Amen. But we are we are commissioned. And you got to understand when someone's commissioned, the person who commisss them to do the job backs them up. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So if I commission you to go do something, all that I am backs you up. That's right. That may be feel rather underwhelming, but that's all right. But when it comes to the Lord now, Amen. The very God of heaven has commissioned you. Amen. Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel. Amen. That means to demonstrate live this gospel. Amen. Amen. That's what you're commissioned to do. And if you're commissioned to do it, he will back you up. He backed up Paul. He backed up brother Brandon. He backed up David. Amen. All the believers down through, he backed them up. And so we are called, remember our lives, as I said, they are the shadow. We are the reality. Yeah. And so if they could walk by faith in that same way, remember when the enemy comes in like a flood, the Lord says he'll raise up a standard. Amen. Amen. And that standard is God in you. Amen. Causing you to overcome this age. Amen. Because remember, David overcame in his age. Noah overcame in his age. Abraham overcame in his age. He had pressure. It wasn't just a flowery bed of ease. His walk wasn't just easy. Amen. He didn't just sit there in a tent and everything went well for him. He had trials. He had hardship. Amen. But it was so real to him. Remember, he didn't it was so real to him he was going to have the promised son that he didn't even consider the his body or Sarah's body dead. Amen. Amen. That's how real it was. Amen. And it has to be the same. Remember, we are the sons and daughters of Abraham according to faith. That's right. Amen. So if it's revealed to you, Amen. If it's revealed to you, nothing even comes into consideration. You think he would have received his doubts? Like brother Bram says, you know, people made fun of people made fun of him. father of nations because Abraham means father of nations. Father of nations, where's your son? People would have made fun of him. How old are you? You're going to have you're going to have the child with this woman. How old's she? Amen. He would have he would have got his doubts. Remember, as it was in the days of Lot, it was the days of Noah, so shall it be when the son of man is revealed. That same son of man is being revealed in us and the bride around the world. It's an unbelieving age now. It would have been an unbelieving age in the days of Abraham, in the days of Lot. Yeah. But it was so real to him. He didn't even He staggered not at the promise of God. Amen. As it says in Romans 4, but was strong giving praise. He's fully persuaded that that which he has promised, he is able to do. Amen. So his his whole life was governed by his faith. Now, what about you? Amen. What about you? Because because that's the shadow. Many times we marvel and we should. Now, I hope this comes out right. Many times we marvel at the shadow, but the reality is greater than the shadow. Amen. Christ was greater than than Moses and all the prophets all the way down. He was the God of the prophets. Yeah. But we are the reality. They are the shadow. Amen. You following me? So if the shadow, you know, so we marvel at them, oh, what a great walk they had, but we take for granted what we have now. Amen. Cuz really, in reality, being the bride of Christ is an everyday thing. Amen. It's not it's not always incredible times in his presence though it is but it's not always that. It's everyday life. Amen. Amen. And so sometimes we think that say coming to church is really that's the main part of it. It's not the main part of it. This is the small part of it. It's every day living for the Lord. Amen. And that is really that is the incredible thing. Amen. that your life and it's not because you become a creature of habit, but it's because there's something in you that says, "I'm walking this way. I'm I'm walking with the Lord's despised few." Amen. Because I love him. Amen. And so now, maybe I just wrap this up. But we have to walk, remember, we have a greater faith in this hour. We have a greater faith in this hour than they did. Amen. Because we have received a message that will change these bodies. Amen. Not just turn them back young again or make them that they can have children, but these bodies will become young again. Yep. And remember the anointing that came upon David was just to make alive the king in David. That's right. Remember, he always was a king. From a little baby to however old he was a king. That's what God saw in him. It's like if you have any kind of seed, this is a pumpkin seed. For example, you know there's pumpkins going to come out of the seed. Amen. And when you plant it in the right environment, water it, whatever more, what do you get? You get pumpkin. That's right. Amen. And so there was a king seed in David. Amen. Amen. And all that the anointing that Samuel poured out upon him was to bring to life the life that was already in him. That was already in him. He didn't become king when the crown was put on his head. That was just the recognition of the people that now he's king. He always was king. Amen. It's like the bride of Christ. You always were the bride. Amen. You always were the bride. Just like Abraham, Moses, Moses could never not be Moses as as we know him. He always was meant to be the deliverer to take them out of Egypt. John the Baptist the same way. And it's the same thing. That's why you have to see God sees us as the bride. But because we're time people, we we're we're creatures of time. Amen. The most part because we're creatures of time. You've got to hold very dear when he's called you. Amen. And because he's called you, because remember Jesus Jesus preached many sermons. He only had 120 in the upper room. He revealed himself to 500. But you know Paul says, but only 120 of them were in the upper room. Amen. John the Baptist preached a lot of sermons for only about six months. But he but only a handful actually followed Jesus. Amen. So every a lot of people heard a lot of decibels of of you know of of word coming out but it was those who were ordained to receive it. They received it. You you understand? And that's why I say hold it there because you got to sit back and say what has this message done to me? What has it done? Amen. And that's why David could sit there and say, "What was that anointing oil that Samuel poured upon me? What is it? What does it mean to me?" And his whole life proved everything. Amen. Amen. Because he didn't go to Saul and say, "Oh, good king Saul live forever. I'll never be king." He couldn't he couldn't renounce because that call to be king was part of him. Amen. And you cannot deny part of yourself. That's right. Amen. Amen. And it's the same thing with being the bride of Christ. You could not if if the Lord has become real to you. This message is a living reality to you. You couldn't give it up. Even if you tried, you could never give it up because it's a part of you. Hallelujah. Amen. We have some musicians to come. But then we begin to understand after he's called you, then you begin to understand I'm actually an eternal being. Amen. this this this life is but a vapor and I'm glad it is. But then we begin to understand that's why that's why the prophet so incredible how God would take a man and take him from from eternity to eternity and then tell you all about it. It wasn't just to excite you when he stands there and says, "Now I'm going to tell you Christ's mystery God revealed." opening a few phrases. He says, "I'm going to tell you what was in the back part of God's mind before the foundation of the world." Amen. That's a friend of the bridegroom speaking. Amen. But the reason that God revealed, you know, the back part of No one else has ever, the Apostle Paul never said that. I'm going to tell you what was in the back part of God's mind, but God in his grace sent Elijah to reveal the back part of God's mind to show what you are. Amen. And then now when that resonates in your soul, you've got to understand why does God think of me that way? Because I was back there. Amen. And the Apostle Paul came to the conclusion that though this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, I have one waiting already. Amen. And the very reason, remember, the very reason that the word has anchored in your souls and you're living by the faith you have is because you have a body over there. Amen. God is not going to have any I I'll put it the I'll put it this way. God is not going to have any lifeless bodies over there. That's right. Everyone that has one is going to that body. Amen. And the reason that the word speaks us that is because we have a body over there. That means I'm eternal as God is eternal. Amen. So if you just hold that close to your heart, then you'll begin to walk. Then you'll begin to walk by things that are not seen because then you can realize this is just temporary. Amen. I've heard from my theophony. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing. Um, Amen. Let's just stand tonight. Let's just sing. I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. Hallelujah. Amen. Trials will pass. Hard times will pass. Just got to remember that. It'll pass. It's like when you have a little child and they're going through a hard stage, you just come to the conclusion, this is going to pass. Amen. And it and it helps you through it. Amen. You just got to realize, hey, this life is going to pass. Hallelujah. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve this glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night when I saw the glorified came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee. Oh yes, Lord, you didn't have to open my eyes. You could have easily passed me by. For the age I was living in was wretched, poor and blind. Then I heard recognizing your day. Serpent seed and perfect faith, the preach and the message of grace. And Lord, I thank you. Oh yes, Lord. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve his glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night. When I saw the glorious light, came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special light when I saw the glorious light. Came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee living. Not even in my wildest dreams did I think I'd see such thing as the coming of the Lord. The rapture mystery. I have heard but now I see God in simplicity. The spoken word is the original seed. And Lord, we all thank thee. Oh yes, Lord. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night when I saw that glorious light. Came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee. Hallelujah. I mean, let's just thank him together, shall we? Oh, gracious Lord, how thankful we are. Lord, you found us, Lord, in this dark place. Lord, we were in all kinds of different things, but Father, you found us. Lord, we weren't looking for you, Lord. You found us. We're just so glad you've transformed us, Lord, from glory to glory. Father, may you continue to do so, Lord. May we look at this world, Lord, not with eye these natural eyes, but may we look through eyes of faith, and may we look to the unseen, oh God, unto your word unto you, oh Lord Jesus. Father, may we not just take the situation for what it is, but may we take take every situation, Lord, according to your word, Lord. Father, may our minds just be your word, oh God. May we not lean upon the arm of flesh and upon our emotion or anything like that, but Lord, just just on your word only, Lord Jesus. Father, may you grant it, Lord. And I just pray you'll help us, Lord. May we may we appreciate the call that we've been called under, Lord. May we appreciate their Lord Jesus greater when you came and became real to us Lord. Father, you don't do it for everyone Lord. You do it for your children. We thank you for that Lord. We could Lord when it's like the Apostle Paul said we because we were sons where he sent forth the spirit where we cry aba father or my father my father. We're so glad we can say my father which art in heaven hallowed be thy name. Hallelujah. And we can give you praise because we know who our father is. Lord, we know where we're going at the end of these things, Lord Jesus. And we thank you this life is but a vapor. But help us to labor while it's day. Lord, help us to be a witness upon this earth for your glory. Lord, help us to live for others, dear Lord Jesus. And Father, may you be glorified everything we say and do. Father, may you grant it. And we just ask you you would just bless us, Lord. Keep us safe on the road tonight, Lord. Some of us had to travel for Lord for many many kilometers. Dear Lord I pray just keep us safe and father may you just be with us be upon our hearts and upon our minds in a greater way. Father may we just meditate upon your word father and Lord keep us safe until we gather together again Lord. And we just want to commit the service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing Go Tell John. Amen. Amen. Amen. First time I heard the song, this is like my amen song. Hallelujah. Amen. Is it you or do we look for another? I can hear John say. His eagle eyes were getting clouded over. seem to have lost their [Applause] way. John God's disciples went to [Music] [Applause] Jesus. Jesus sent him with a message and this is what he said. Oh go tell John that the lame may walk. Oh tell John that the blind may [Music] see John come at the dead are the captives they have all become delivery. Oh tell John when my proise speaks. Believe it and receive it in your heart. You don't have to understand it. It stands all alone and I'll interpret it by bringing it. Oh, tell my bride that the light is here. Tell my bride that the books are sealed. How my bride that the word is open the mysteries of the seven seals have been revealed. Now my pride when my promise speaks believe it receive it in your heart. You don't have to understand it. It stands all alone and I'll interpret it by bringing it to. You don't have to understand it. distant all along and I'll interpret it by bringing it [Music] to is it him or do we look for another? I have heard some say is this Elijah that Malachi spoke of. Are we in Bible days? Yes, we are. Amen. Search the scriptures Jesus for us and there they testify of me. Did not I tell you I say Elijah he would restore all. Oh come and the lame may walk. Oh tell John that the blind may see. Go tell John that the dead are ra the captives they have only delivery. Go tell John and the prophets seek. Believe it and receive it in your heart. You don't have to understand it. It's all alone and all interpreted by bringing it above. You don't have to pride that the light is here. Tell my bride that the books not sealed. Tell my bride that the word is open. The mysteries of the seven seals have been revealed. Tell my bride when my prophet speaks. Believe it and receive it in your heart. You don't have to understand it. It stands all alone and I'll interpret it by bringing it to us. You don't have to understand it. stand all alone and I'll interpret it by bringing you to come. Now my bride, tell my bride that the light is near. Tell my bride that the ghost not sealed. Tell my bride that the word is open. The mysteries of this heaven seals. Tell my bride when my prophet speaks. Believe it and receive it in your heart. You don't have to understand it. It stands all alone and I'll interpret it by bringing it to you. Don't have to understand it. It stands all alone and I'll interpret it by bringing it to heart. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you, friends. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Sh. [Music]
