################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-08-24 - 16 0824 We Are Being Ushered Into The Millenium - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2016-08-24
Title:    16 0824 We Are Being Ushered Into The Millenium
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 26m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qihhOLgj__s
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my Savior's love for me. [Music] How marvelous, how wonder, and my song shall ever be, how marvelous, how wonderful is my Savior's love for me. For me it was in the garden. He prayed not my will but thine. He had no tears for whom griefs but sweat drops of love for mine. [Music] How marvelous, how wonderful, and my song shall ever be, how marvelous, how wonderful is my Savior's love for me. When with the ransom in glory his face I at last shall sing. This will be my joy through the ages to sing of his love for me. singing how wonderful, how wonderful and my song shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my Savior's love for me, how marvelous, singing, how marvelous, how wonderful, and my song shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my Savior's love for me. [Music] [Music] How deep the father's love for us. hours beyond no [Music] measure that he would give his only son to make a rich his treasure. How great the pain of searing loss. The father turns his face away as wounds which father chosen one bring many sons to glory. Behold the man upon the cross. My ear upon his shoulders. Ashamed thy he the mockers voice. Call out among the scoffers. It was my sin that held him there until it was a [Music] comeless. His dying breath has brought me life. I know that it is finished. [Music] How great the golf that God did to come. Where I lay helpless through tears I see his arrangement. As he declares me blessed. How great the love that sort me out. How infinite his mercy. His blood has cleansed my every heart and claims me as his purchase. [Music] I will not boast in anything. No gifts, no powers, no wisdom. But I will boast in Jesus Christ, his death and resurrection. Why should I gain from his reward? I cannot give an answer, but this I know with all my heart. His words have paid my ransom. [Music] But this I know with all my heart. His words have paid my ransom. [Music] [Music] Were it enough for thy nail scar? Nail scarred hands and thorny bands. Were written not for thy love for me. Unfailing love that chose Calary. Then such a one condemned as I would have no pardon. and I die. But thou, oh Lord, it's up my place. It's up my place. It's up my place. And you bore my sins on your shoulders when you could have had it all. You chose me to be the one that you would die for, the one that you would save, the one that you would carry. from the cradle to the grave. The one that you would care for, the one that you would raise, the one that you would see through every storm and every way. You chose [Music] me. You chose me. [Music] Your head was bound. Your [Music] body mercy called for ransom. You gave an I to your shaking shoulders my sin. [Music] condemned. I would have no part then and I die. But thou, oh Lord, Yes, Lord. You took my place. You took my [Music] place. And you bore my sin on your shoulders. And you could have had it all. You chose me to be the one that you would die for. The one that you would save, the one that you would carry from the cradle to the grave. The one that you would care for, the one that you would raise. the one that you would see through every storm and every wave. You chose [Music] me. You chose me. And you bore me. And you bore my sin on your shoulders. When you could have had it all, you chose me to be the one that you would die for. The one that you would save, the one that you would carry from the cradle to the grave. The one that you would care for. The one that you would say, one that you would see through every storm and every wave. You chose [Music] me. You chose me. You chose me. You chose [Music] me. Hallelujah. Amen. Anyone's got a need on their heart, you just want to raise your hands to the Lord. Oh Lord, what a declaration, Lord, that you would carry us from the cradle to the grave. And Lord, not to die a death, but Lord, to go from this world to the next world, Lord, into your presence, into your glory. And Father, we have received a word in this hour to take us from the cradle to the grave, Lord, and into the next world. Lord, you said in your word, I've come to I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go, I'll come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there you'll be also. Amen. Oh Lord, what a journey. Lord, Father, we come to give you praise this night, Lord, to lift you up. We thank you. You're a living God. Lord, you're not just an idea or some doctrine or some mental idea, but you're a living reality, Lord. You've become real to us, Lord. We thank you. You're Lord, not a God of history, but you're the present God. God, you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. We thank you. We can be gathered on this night, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We can just be here, oh God. We just pray as we open the pages of your word, Lord. May you speak to us like you never have before through it, Lord. Father, may you just so lift us up into heavenly places, Lord, that we never come down again, Lord. May you grant it for your great glory, Father. Lord, we just commit the service into your hands, Lord. Have liberty among us, Lord, and be with those who couldn't be here tonight, Lord. be their portion and strength. Oh God, Father, those who are streaming in, Lord, may it be like they're on the front row. Yes, Lord. Lord, may you grant it for your glory, Lord. We Father, we just want to pray, Lord, see the many prayer requests that have come through, Lord, over these past few days, Lord, we just think of, Lord, Sister Kay's friends, Lord, and Lord, how the ones in jail, Lord, may you strengthen her in the family, Lord. Father, may they lift their eyes up to you, oh God. You see your daughter Esther has has a burden to witness to her friend at school, Lord. Father, open that door, oh God. Not just to her friend, but her whole family. May they come in, Lord. Meet you, oh God, like we have, Father. May you grant it, Lord. And every other prayer request, Lord. May you meet every need, Lord, for your glory. Lord, you're not an Aaron boy, but we ask these things that you would be exalted and praised, Lord, that we would bring these things and say, "Thank you, Lord." Amen. Lord, just just to just to answer prayer, Lord, Lord, what a privilege it is that we don't just speak into the ceiling, but you hear us, Lord, and you answer back, oh God, according to your will. We thank you for that, Father. Lord, may you just be glorified now in Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musician. Thank you, brother Isaac. Amen. Good evening, everyone. Hallelujah. Amen. It's great to be here. I mean, if you got your Bibles handy, want to just go to Luke chapter 24 and I want to read uh I want to go to so Luke 24 and then we're going to go to John chapter 10 and we got a quite a few scriptures to to try and go through. I want to approach a subject. I was um want to take one word and it's to do with the wedding feast and it's not in the scripture per se but it's part of the feast and it's to be ushered in and um I just want to I want to read a bit of a a a context here just from Luke 24 and then we'll um and then we'll go to Revelations 19 as well and John 10. So, so Luke 24. Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came into the sepila, bringing the spices which they had repaired, and certain others with them, and they found the stone rolled away from the sepila. They entered in, they found not the body of the Lord Jesus. And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed there. Behold, two men stood by them in shining garments. And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto them, "Why seek ye the living among the dead? He is not here, but is risen. Remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee, saying, "The Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and on the third day rise again." And they remembered his words. And they returned from the sepiler and told these things into the 11 to the rest. And um and let's just jump down to verse verse 13 very quickly. And behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmas, which was from Jerusalem, about three score furongs, and they talked together as these things which had happened. And it came to pass that while they communed together, and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near and went with them. But their eyes were Holden that they should not know him. And then we'll go to just John John chapter 10. And we'll read verse one. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that enterth not by the door unto the sheepfold, but climbth up some other way, the same as a thief and a robber. But he that enterth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. To him the porter openeth, and the shepherd hears his voice, and calls his own sheep by name, and leadth them out. And when he puteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice. And a stranger will they not follow, and they will flee from him, for they know not the voice of strangers. Amen. Which go to Revelations chapter 19 very quickly. And it says this here in in verse 7, Revelations 19, let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him. For the marriage of the Lamb has come, and his wife has made herself ready, and to her was arrayed that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white. For the fine linen is the righteousness of saints. And he saith unto me, write, blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. and he saith unto me, these things are the are the true sayings of God. Amen. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. Now, I want to I want to approach a subject and I trust this means a great deal to you. We are being ushered. Okay, we are being ushered into the millennium. I just want to make that statement. Right? You know the word of God and you'll see it in your life. You're in one place and then this word came your way. Jesus came your way and you didn't really and you're like the two on the way to Emmas. You didn't fully even now there's so much of God you know we we we we grasp him, we embrace him and we and we love him but he keeps revealing himself more and more. So we don't know him in his completeness, but as we walk with him, he makes himself more known every day in his word. And so we are much like the two on the way to Emmas where many things have happened in this day. Many scriptures are fulfilled and being fulfilled. You know, we're living in Bible days. You know, it's incredible too. You know, we could spend literally days and you know, just going just reading scripture. You can see it's fulfilled in this day and now that we're alive in and it's just like the two on the way to Emmas. Hundreds of prophecies were fulfilled in the last few moments of Jesus' life. And they didn't fully comprehend what was going on, but they were being ushered or they were being led, I'll put it that way, they were being led to the upper room. The two on the way to Emmas, Mary Magdalene and the other woman that went to the went to the tomb, they found the stone rolled away. They had no idea what was going on. They had a visitation of angels and you know, they knew all about making spices and anointing the dead cuz Lazarus had died and they buried him. So, they knew what it was like to bury someone. And you know, death is part of life. But they had never ever had an experience where they came to a tomb and someone didn't call the dead forth, but the dead just wasn't there. And he just wasn't there. But angel said he's risen as he told you he's risen. And so they knew a lot about burying the dead and anointing the dead and making spices for the dead. But they had no idea really of what they're about to step into. But their life, they were being led into the upper room. There are 120 people that were ordained by God and they had to be there on the day of Pentecost where it just wasn't God with them. But now God was going to go in his people and their whole life was actually they were being directed. They were being led into this very day into this very moment. Amen. They were being now to be ushered. I just wanted this this word kind of gripped me today just you know now an usher we know lead someone just say in church you know or at a feast at a at a at a at a meal where you have a seated place and normally you would go to the door someone would be an usher and they'll say I'll take you to your seat so so that person is leading the guest to where they're seated amen so they're being ushered they've come under an influence of another And that influence is leading them to their seat. Yeah, that's what an usher does. And an usher is a show or a guide. Amen. It's also a cause or mark of the start of something new. This is I just this is just from Google. Amen. And so it's a it's it is it is where someone is led from one place to another and the place they're being led to has already been determined. Amen. So just say if you've been invited to a wedding and and you're going to be at the reception. Now normally you have to find your own seat but in some weddings you get ushered in. Say welcome. How are you? You know and now I'll take you to your seat. But so so the place you end up sitting at is predetermined. It's already determined. You just have to come under the influence of the usher and then you're at your seat. Very simple illustration, but I trust now God has sent his word in this end time. Amen. And you've come under an influence of a person. Amen. Not a not not a natural man. You haven't come under my influence. I pray. Amen. But but the Holy Spirit has come upon you because faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. And then because remember the word is a person. It's not just a it's not just words on paper. He's a living person. Amen. So now he has come and and he is he is he has gripped you. I trust he's gripped you by his word. And then now he's leading you from this world into the next world. Amen. Amen. Because there's a wedding supper. Amen. Blessed are they that are called to the wedding supper of the lamb. And we understand that those that are called to the wedding supper are born upon the earth. Whatever age they are born in. And the message to that age opens their eyes and they meet God in the age that they're born in. Amen. And the and the final end of those people isn't just to be a witness and then die, but the final end of those people is there's a seat at a wedding feast. Amen. That has their name on it. And the very reason that the word had called them in their hour is because there's a seat there for them to sit on. Hallelujah. Amen. And so when the word when the word comes your way, you're being ushered. Amen. You're being led. Amen. Amen. From this world to the next. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And you can see it all the way through the Bible. You can take anyone. You can take Joseph. His dreams because remember he had dreams that his family, his brothers bowed down to him. His whole life was ushering him to the right hand of Pharaoh. Amen. He come those dreams became so real. Gripped his life. Didn't matter if he was being taken as a slave down into Egypt, wherever he was in prison, he knew those had to be fulfilled. And they were ushering, they were leading him from just being just being his favorite, his dad's favorite son to the place he had to be, which is at the right hand of Pharaoh. You take David. I I know I've used these illustrations, but I want you to look at these people very differently because they came under the same influence you've come under. Amen. David was anointed to be king and then I could say that anointing came upon him says the spirit of God was with him from that day on and he was being ushered to the throne. Amen. Rahab much the same way when you know you know when when Naomi said I'm going to go back to Israel. I hear there's grain there back again and Ruth makes the decision where you die I'll die. Your people will be my people. Your God will be my God. Amen. The influence of Naomi ushered Ruth because remember Ruth didn't know where she was going. Naomi knew where she was going. We're going back to Bethlehem, the house of God's bread. Amen. Where she had to be. And so Naomi was ushering Ruth. Even though she didn't fully know understand what was going on and where their future would be, God knew where their future was going to be. Amen. So Naomi ushered Ruth come out. You have to marry Boaz. Out of you, out of your marriage has to come a line of kings. Amen. That the that the son of David is going to be attributed. Amen. Christ is going to be attributed to your great great grandson or whatever it is out of your lineage. Hallelujah. There was an ushering going on. Amen. Now in a traditional feast in a traditional feast if we go to let's just go to Luke chapter 14 now Luke chapter 14 here. No, Matthew 266. Forgive me. That's the That's the parable. I don't want the parable. I want the There he was. Now Jesus was invited to a Pharisees house for a feast. And brother makes a statement and it's so if you could just grasp the statement. He says Jesus always goes where he's invited. Amen. Because Jesus was invited to Simon's house. He wasn't welcome, but he was invited. And so even even because they wanted to make fun of Jesus. Amen. They wanted him to be the entertainment for the feast. It was the very God made flesh that that the Pharisees thought they were worshiping. They invited God to their feast, but they just wanted to make fun of him. So he always comes where he is invited. Remember, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. So now let's just read here from verse six. Now when Jesus was in Bethany in the house of Simon the leper, there came unto him a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment poured on his head as he sat at meat. But when the disciples when the disciples saw it, they had indignation saying to what purpose is the waste? Now wait, sorry, I may have the I have the sorry I have the wrong Anyway, we'll read it anyway. This people don't understand the inspiration people are under. When Jesus understood it, for this ointment might have been sold for much, and given to the poor. For when Jesus understood it, he said unto him, "Why trouble ye the woman? For he hath wrought a good work unto me. For they for ye have the poor always with you, but me ye have not always. For in that she hath poured this ointment on my body, she did it for my burial. Verily, I say unto you, wherefore this gospel is preached the in the whole world, uh there shall also uh also this that this woman hath done shall be told a memorial for her. Now, forgive me, I got the wrong parable. I mean, the wrong story, but you know the story of Simon the Pharisee as well. He had a feast. Now, in the Jewish custom, someone comes to the door and Jesus speaks about it in parables. Someone comes to the door, there's a man that washes the feet of the people and then a robe is put upon them and they're anointed with with you with oil and perfumes and then they're welcomed, kissed and made welcome. Amen. And it said Jesus comes to this feast and there is a woman who's not invited either, but she knew Jesus was there and she sold and she was a she was a prostitute and she took all of her earnings and she went and bought an alabaster box. Amen. Of precious precious perfumes and and and oils. And she and she somehow got into the feast and and anointed Jesus's feet and wiped her wiped his feet with her hair and her tears. And now and then and then and then Simon the Pharisee said in his heart, "If Jesus really was a prophet, he would know what kind of woman this was." And then said, "Jesus, just let her let her wash his feet with her tears." And then he says,"Simon, I've got one thing to say unto you." He says, "My feet haven't been washed, yet she washes my feet with her tears. I wasn't I wasn't anointed with, you know, perfumes and things, but she's done this for me, and I wasn't made welcome." And so, there was a process of how people came into a feast. Amen. And so, they came, there's one door into the feast. Remember, Jesus is the door. And then their feet are washed. Amen. So the world is washed off you. Amen. Then a robe is put upon you, the robe of his righteousness. And then you're anointed. And it doesn't matter if you're rich or poor or whatever you are after you go through the process. You're all the same. You all look the same. And the master of the feast, you know, welcomes the guests after they're ready. Now, from the door to in the feast, there's an ushering. Amen. You go here now. Welcome. Come this way. Sit down here. I'll wash your feet now. Welcome. Come this way. I'll put a robe on you. Come here. Person's anointed. They are led from one place to the other. You following me? It's much like us. And then Jesus makes the parable where there was a feast like that, but a man didn't have on the garment. He says, "How did you get in here?" Amen. And the and the guy was speechless. And the king said, "Tie him up and throw him into out of darkness." And he said, "If someone got in, he didn't have the robe on, and the robe is is the Holy Ghost." Remember, we're robed in his righteousness. Amen. So, there's an ushering taking place. So, you have to be led from one in. Amen. Now Jesus said in John 14 and we did say this in our prayer but he says let your let not your heart be troubled believe uh ye believe in God believe also in me and my father's house or actually kingdom because this is King James language in my father's kingdom or house are many mansions or palaces if it were not so I would have told you I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there you may be also. And whether I go, you know, and the way you know. Now, so Jesus makes a promise. I'm going to go and prepare a place for you. I know you know this may be very elementary but if there's a place prepared like I saying at a feast then there has to be someone has to come back now and usher the guests into that place. Amen. And and he says in his word I will come and if I go I'll come again and receive you to myself that where I am not where you are where I am you'll be also. Amen. So he promises, I'm going to prepare a place and then I'm going to come and get you, receive you to myself and take you there. Amen. And so he's saying that he is personally going to do this. And so when you see like you take Malachi 4, you take brother Brandham, you know, many people get caught up in him, but he wasn't the one doing the work. He says, I wanted to be a hunter. I wanted to be a trapper, you know, but it was God actually working through the vessel to receive people to himself. Amen. It wasn't it wasn't his ministry. It wasn't his natural way of doing, you know, it wasn't him doing it. It was it was God himself. He says in the token message, he says Jesus has more success in this ministry than he did in his earthly ministry. And he says, "No," and and if you go read it or listen to it, he says, "Notice, I said he has more success." Amen. Because of all the multitudes of the healings and miracles that were done. Amen. He had more success in this day than he had when he was there in the days of his flesh. And so it was not the man doing it. It was God in the man doing it. Amen. Amen. So now, so now here comes one. Remember we read there in John chapter 10, he says, he says, "The porter opens the door." Amen. And then the shepherd goes out, leads his sheep. So there's someone at the door that opens the door. Amen. So here we had a man and it's always it's not the man but it's the man but it's not the man. You must understand because it's God doing all the same things. Yeah. And so now here we have a ministry upon the earth that's actually introducing the people giving out the robes. Amen. He's giving out the robes to the wedding feast. Amen. Because the robe is not a you don't go down to a shop and buy the robe like some people put on white robes and say, "Look at me." It's not that. The robe is the Holy Ghost. Amen. And faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. Amen. Amen. Now, I'm not doing mental uh gymnastics here. Amen. But there's there's he's preached now a word. And you receive that word which is Christ. Amen. And by receiving that word, what he did for you on Calvary comes into effect in your life. That you become as righteous as he is righteous. That we, that's why we can sing. He's washed away all my sin. I'm amazed that he loved me. I'm amazed that he care. Through his precious blood, I found pardon. He's washed all my sin away. Amen. Amen. Because it becomes a reality. So you go from a unbeliever to a believer. You go from a sinner to a saint. Amen. But remember, always in you, buried under that unbelief was a person with an invitation to a feast. Hallelujah. Amen. Always buried down. Just like David, he was always meant to be king. He just had to be anointed then be ushered into his kingship. Hallelujah. And it's the same thing with you and I. We have an invitation. And that's why when the word comes your way, it speaks to you. Amen. Like it maybe not speak to other people, but it speaks to you. Amen. And it becomes alive to you because you begin to recognize this world is not my home. There's more than just these five senses. You know, we're not just a bunch of animals like the rest of the animal kingdom. As I say, you know, as I said before, you go back to the times of Jesus. The chimpanzees then do the same chimpan thing the chimpanzees do today. That's right. But in those days, there was a horse and buggy. Now we're in space. There's something different. And it's 99% 99.9% the same DNA as you is in a chimpanzeee. Amen. So it's just more than just genetics. Yeah. Amen. That's right. And so there's something in us that's crying for God. Amen. Now faith is the evidence of things unseen. Hebrews 11. So now if there's something drawing you, Amen. If there's if if you have faith and these and we know that these five senses aren't made to do to to contact God. We know it's not that way. But there's a faith in us that knows that there's more to life than just this. Amen. And brother brother Brandon makes a real simple statement. He just takes a bit of the Psalms. He says, "The deep calling to the deep." Amen. And he says if there's a deep in here, there has to be a deep to respond. And he says there's a reason. The reason the deep is in here is because there is that deep. So that deep was there before there was a deep in here. Amen. So if there's a longing, this world is not our home. Amen. There's a rapture call has gone out upon the earth to take a people from this world to usher a people from this world into the next world. Amen. So if there's a deep calling, not a fear, not a, oh, I don't want to go through the tribulation or not a fear of being lost, but there's a deep call. Lord, I want to I want to crown you king of kings and lord of lords. I want to be one of those redeemed ones. I want to sing your praises throughout all eternity. Amen. I want to see you as you are. Not just feel your presence and not just be anointed, but I want to see you as you are. I want this veil of this this dimension to be ripped in twain. Amen. I can step into the eternity. If there's a deep if there's a deep call, there's a deep to respond. Amen. Hallelujah. You got to recognize it, friends. That's right. Amen. We've we we're being ushered in. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So, so if there's something if there's something in here, there's a there's a heaven to go to. If there's something in here for a rapture, there's a rapture to have. Amen. Amen. If there's something in here to have a new body, there's a new body to have. And remember, Paul says very plainly, if this I'll just use I'll just use modern modern language. If this body is reduced to I've got waiting already go on the rapture, it's because there's a call from an eternal body that you have in the heavens. Amen. The scripture says, he says, "If this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, I have one waiting already eternal in the heavens." That's what he says. That's the Bible. Amen. So, if there's a longing to put on that body, hello. You know, Ellie, you know, Annalie said to me the other day, "I want to go to heaven. It's taking a long time." She did. She was upset. Said, "We just enjoy life. We're here to have, you know, we're here just to enjoy the, you know, praise the Lord and just, you know, enjoy life, aren't we? Amen. I said, well, you others have got to come in, but, you know, I want to, she's, I want to go to heaven. It's taking a long time. She's not even five. Amen. But praise the Lord. And but, you know, but because if there's a longing now, we, as I said, this is why this word has come to you. This is why this message has come to you. I trust this means this means a lot to me. Amen. The reason is he said well I'm just going to read it. Now we understand I just want to read this from the latest church age. Now there's a reason why prophets say things a certain way and this stumbles people but me doesn't stumble me. Okay? We've seen the eggshaped cars that drive themselves. Amen. We've seen everything he prophesied about 1933. Amen. He said Mussolini would take Ethiopia. And he did. Hitler would, you know, Hitler would rise up. You know, there'd be fascism, Nazism, and communism, and communism would swallow up the other two. And they did. Amen. We've seen the moral decay of the world. We've seen the great advances in technology. We've seen the Catholic Church rise in America and it has. Amen. We've seen the, you know, the, you know, the, you know, the, you know, the eggshaped cars, he said, driving themselves down the road, which we have. He said the last one is a miracle be smoke bombs and craters and it will be. If the others have happened, this will happen. But in the scripture in the book of Acts, you've got to understand as Jesus now Jesus was sent to the Jews to gather the last of the Jews because the word he was going to turn to the Gentiles. Yeah. So when now when when Jesus was crucified upon Calvary, it was the Jews rejecting their Messiah. But they had to reject them because the Gentiles had to come in. Yeah. Because you see the types the shadows in the Old Testament like uh Joseph's sons, you know, Jacob crossed his hands that the blessing would go to the younger instead of the older of Joseph's two sons. And it's like Jacob got the birthight instead of Esau. The firstborn in the Old Testament always got the birthight. Yeah. And so so the second born got the birthight ahead of the firstborn. And so what you enjoy the Jew should have, but God in his grace through the cross now would would actually put the blessing upon the second, the Gentile instead of the firstborn. Amen. And so that's why that's why you see Jesus is crucified. They reject him. He came to his own, but his own received him not. And then on the day of Pentecost, it's all a Jewish church. And then very quickly, I just Googled it real quick just just using I mean use a calculator rather. Um the dates from AD33 to AD45. AD33 we know Pentecost. Amen. Death, burial, resurrection, Jesus Christ, coming of the Holy Ghost, Pentecost. AD45 in my Bible is when Paul and Silas say to the Jews, because you find yourself, I'm worthy of eternal life. Lo, I turn to the Gentiles. It's only a few years. But that time there's an overlap because all the Jewish church and then the Gentiles start coming in. And as the Gentiles start coming, the Jews start going out. And then now when when Jesus is is is revealing himself to John in the book of Revelation, those seven church ages are all gentile churches. There's not one to Jerusalem or Antioch or any of those. It's the Jewish church. I mean, it's to Gentile churches because by that time, the vast majority of believers are gentile. Yeah. But because the gospel has to go back to the Jews for three and a half years, there's a repeat. There's a reverse of the process where the Gentiles start to fade out and the Jews come in. That's right. Amen. Yeah. It has to happen. But when the gospel goes back to the Jews, the brides of the wedding supper, right? Yeah. So there's a that that repeats itself. Now, I say that because I want to read this. He says, now this is just coming in through the end of it. He says, "The seventh and last vision, this is page 322 if you want to read it. The last and seventh vision was there and I heard a terrible most terrible explosions. I turned to look and saw nothing but debris craters and smoke all over the land of America." Now, listen to how he says this, cuz some people say, "Well, he says this, so he's wrong." But look how he says it. Based on these seven visions along with the rapid changes which have swept the world in the last 50 years, I predict I do not prophesy. He says, I predict that these visions will all come to pass by 1977. Yeah. And though many may feel this is irresponsible statement in the view of the fact that Jesus said that no man knoweth the day nor hour, I still maintain this prediction after 30 years because Jesus did not say no man would know the year, month or week in which his coming was to be completed. So I repeat, I sincerely believe and maintain as a private student of the word along with divine inspiration that 1977, now listen to this, ought to terminate the world systems and usher in the millennium. Now I said there's a it's a repeat. It's a reverse of what happened in the beginning. Yeah. So in the days of Paul and Silas, the Jewish world systems, because a religion that's just a religion of man is a world system. Yeah, it is. It's just part of this world. Yeah. It doesn't matter if it's Jewish or any any just organization of man. That's a world system. So when Paul and Silas say, "Lo, I turn to the Gentiles," there was a termination of the Jewish systems. Amen. It all came to an end for them. Yeah. It all came to an end. And so he's saying that 1977 ought to terminate the world systems and usher in the millennium. And that's why if you go back in church history, you have brother Brown's ministry. Then God is working among denomination. And then those testimonies go down. Amen. Then now as time goes along, the testimonies of the bride go up. of God working. Amen. I'm talking about real genuine things now. Not talking about the, you know, Toronto blessing of the laughing and the, you know, the barking and acting like animals and all these different things. I'm talking about genuine move of God. Amen. I trust this is not too much. Now, if you don't if you think this is a bit much, just just just say, "Well, this is just been okay. But there has to be a repeat of the process." So when he says now that 1977 ought to terminate the world system, he's saying now they've come to an end, the overlap is ending because it goes from the denomination. The bride has called out the denomination. Amen. Have you not been? Yeah. And then that means the because Jesus says, "Behold, I stand the door and knock." If anyone hears my voice, let him open the door and I'll come and s with him and he with me. Amen. So there has to come a time and we know that he was rejected you know in the 60s. Amen. But then he says that then he but then this is all terminated in 90 this is me now 1977 and it ought to and usher in the millennium. Now many people say well he's wrong because it's past 1977. Look what he says. He says this should come to an end and now it ought to usher in the millennium. The word usher, what happens? And ushering is a period of time. Amen. You meet brother Kaben at the front door. He says, "Can I take you to your seat?" There's a period of time from the front door to your seat. Amen. You're being ushered. There's a man standing at the door ushering you to your seat. Hallelujah. There's a deacon there ushering you to your seat. So, he's saying now there's come an end of time and now it's going to usher in the millennium. Amen. Amen. Now, in order for there to be a millennium, there has to be be a bride to rule and reign in the millennium. Amen. So, what's happening now? Those people, you I trust you can say that's me. Amen. There's a people now. So, it's not just the millennium. Oh, now we're facing a millennium. But now there's a people being ushered. Amen. There's a there's a there's an influence coming upon these people. Hallelujah. And now basically he's saying, "I'll take you. I'm going to take you into the millennium. I'm going to guide you through and you can go." It's just like King David or any of the any of the believers. They were they were ushered into where they were finally meant to end up. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And it's the same with you and I. We're being ushered. Amen. God is ushering you into the millennium. God is ushering you into a body change. Hallelujah. Amen. This is where we are, folks. Amen. This is why remember, sure, we can say, "Oh, the world's getting bad." But that pales, that should pale in comparison to this body's going to get changed soon and very soon. It's prophesied to happen, is it not? Just like you take this Bible, there's thousands of prophecies in this Bible. Most of them have already come to pass. Amen. And if we believe the same God wrote the first five books and then wrote Joshua and then Judges, Joshua, Judges, Ruth, and then Kings and Chronicles and all the different books all the way down through to Revelation. We believe the same God wrote it all through man. Amen. Amen. That means if this bit's been fulfilled and this bit's been fulfilled and this bit's been fulfilled and this is being fulfilled and this has yet to be fulfilled. If this has already been done, if this has been fulfilled, this is sure going to be fulfilled. Amen. If this happened, this is going to happen. Amen. And the man, the more man looks, the more they find that this really did happen. Amen. You go through history. History knows Jesus was alive. History knows Paul did what he did. Amen. History knows that all the church age messengers were alive. History knows the ministry brother Barham had. Amen. Even people who don't believe it, they they attribute they attribute the postw World War II healing revival. They said he had a ministry that surpassed anything else upon the earth. That's not just to excite people. Oh, God's here. There's a reason. Because I'm going to begin an ushering in. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. And why? Now, see, this is what I thank God for. And and I'm going to close with this. Normally in church history, churches start and then they become formal. They cool off. Now, the bride of Christ is birthed. She doesn't become formal. Amen. Amen. But it gets greater and greater and more and God becomes more real. Amen. And what's been happening? What's been happening among us? Amen. This is all over the world, but here we are. Amen. What's happening? And God bursts us into the kingdom and he gets greater and greater and more and more and more because he's showing he's showing you you're at the end. Remember, there has to be a quick short work upon the earth. There has to be a mighty display of his power. one more time. Yes, sir. Amen. And who's he going to use his church? Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. And that's where we are. You know, there's a there's a there's a brother who he was brother Bram's organist in his later later meetings. And he could see the ministry brother Bram had. Now, I'm going to close with this. You can go I um I'll put the link on the WhatsApp. Um, and he could see the ministry brother Bram had, but he's wondering why he didn't have the crowds. And he said to Brother B, you know, Brother Bram actually took him out for lunch one day. And he said, you know, Brother Bram, all you need to do, just let me market your campaigns. You'll get way more people. And he says, no, actually, now this guy doesn't believe the message. He said, he said, actually, my ministry is through. He said, well, what what's going to happen now? He said, "Well, I'm going to go and then there's going to be a time of teaching the people their position in Christ." And then after that, God is going to shake the earth one more time with those people. That's right. Amen. And what is happening? Amen. Amen. Remember there's two on the way to Emmas. Jesus is Jesus. Remember he was the word but he and and remember brother preacher assumment modern events are made clear by the prophecy. And he goes to Luke chapter 24 the two on the way to Emmas in there and he's saying that that chapter the resurrection is a prophecy. You understand? It's a prophecy. And so if it's a prophecy then it has to be fulfilled. Amen. And what he's saying is modern events. He says, "Modern events are made clear by the prophecy. Go away and listen to it." So he's saying, now remember when he's alive, the Cold Wars at its height. You know, people are scared about bombs and radiation and all kinds of, you know, nuclear bombs and nuclear war and all the communism rising up. But he's actually saying, "No, these modern events are made clear by Luke 24." Amen. The the death, burial, resurrection of Jesus Christ. And he takes the two on the way to Emmas and Jesus, he didn't have a Bible like this because he was the word. And then brother Abraham says, "Well, wasn't he, you know, did the did he not cry out, my God, my God, why is thou forsaken me like it says in this place?" And didn't they pierce my hands and you you hands his feet and goes to the Psalms and he goes all the way down through, you know, and they had six hours of of of fulfilled scripture in their day. What is happening? the word, the word made flesh, who's resurrected. These people think the world's these two that think the world's falling apart, but they're in the greatest. They're being ushered into the upper room. Hallelujah. Amen. They're being ushered into the upper room. We think sometimes our worlds are falling apart. Amen. But you're being ushered into a rapture. Hallelujah. Amen. You're being us, you know, ushered into a rapture. And that's why he began to show them the the word is being fulfilled and they're walking with him and he's opening the scripture all the time to them. And then he did something he did before he died. He took the bread and he blessed it and their eyes became open. And then they recognized he had risen. Amen. Now I'm going to put it this way. Now here comes a prophet and he begins to open up the scripture and he speaks about Christ as the mystery of God revealed. Speaking about Christ in you. having pre preeminence in you, you becoming one with him and then him restoring Eden again. Amen. He and he talks about the invisible union of the bride in Christ and the mighty God unveiled before us. And he says it's that same God is veiled in you. Amen. Amen. And he speaks about you know you know the message of grace. He speaks about the man and he and he speaks about it in that he says this is what grace is like. He says, "It's like a man murders a king's son." And then the king's men have this man, this murderer put into jail. The king comes down into the jail. He says, "Why did you do it?" He says, "Well, I was just angry. You know, I just did it. I, you know, I don't know why I just killed them. You know, I killed him." And this king full of anger just storms out of the prison. That man knows he's condemned to die. Amen. And then here comes a carriage and a red carpet's rolled out to a cell and the door is open. The king comes out of the carriage and says, "Now I'm going to take you. I'm going to make you my son." Hallelujah. And he puts the robe on him. And then the very murderer becomes the son of the king. He says, "That's what grace is like." Amen. Amen. Where you didn't earn nothing. It's God says, "I like you and I've made you in my image and I've washed you." Amen. White as snow. Hallelujah. And that's why brother B would say you never did it in the first place. Amen. Where the very record of your life, God takes, he puts it in the bleach of his blood. He pulls it out. There's no more record anymore. Amen. Then you begin to live out this. Hallelujah. And then you could add your name. If if there were more scribes of this Bible, they could go to Hebrews 11 and by faith put you there. Amen. And by faith you by faith he could write this down and he could you know you'd be in here. Hallelujah. And there's a record of Abraham. He staggered not the promise of God. Romans chapter 4. And you but you go down to his natural life and he staggers. He laughs in the presence of God. Amen. He laughs. It wasn't just Sarah laughing. It was Abraham was laughing. That's right. Amen. He had that was not the first visitation he had. There's a few down. He just laughs. God says you're going to have a son. He just laughs in the in the very face of God. Amen. He backslides. Goes out, you know, goes out of the promised land. Tells tells his wife Sarah cuz she's young and beautiful again. Just say that we're brother and sister. I mean, does it twice. Amen. But then even even in that backsliden state, God says to one of those kings, he says he says to him he says if if you take her as your wife, I'm just going to plague your whole country. And the king says, I didn't know he was married to, you know, she was married to Abraham. And he even says in one place, go get Abraham. He's my prophet. Get him to pray for you. Yes, sir. Amen. And here it's not the king wasn't doing, you know, this is Abraham's thing. He hatched up to try and keep his own skin in one piece. Amen. He's backsliden down into a place. But then God says, "This man is my prophet. Restore unto him his wife." Hallelujah. Amen. And here you are. And then when remember when Paul writes a divine commentary of Abraham's life that is not even there. Amen. He says by faith he staggered not at the promise of God with strong giving praise. He's fully persuaded that he is able to do which he had promised. Amen. because he believed God and it was attributed to him for righteousness. Blessed be. Amen. And you take you take him. You take him. He meets Melzdc. Amen. And he has all these failures, but yet he is not destroyed. Amen. You take David. David did way more worse things than Saul did. Go read their lives. He did way worseer things. But God never took the kingship from David. Amen. And it's because David and even David by the law should have been killed. Him and Bashibba should have been stoned. That's what the law said. He was also a murderer. Amen. But he was under a different covenant than the law. Amen. Because and David, remember it's Abraham met Melkazedc. David writes about Melchisedc and Paul writes about Melchisedc. Amen. And because Malazdc was one the one who brought the bread and the wine making, you know, having communion with Abraham. So here was the king of peace. Amen. Coming God in another form coming to the father of the faith. And then a natural son of the faith, David who should have been killed under the law was spared. Amen. Now the only reason I can see he was spared is because he was under a different covenant. Amen. He was not under the law. He was under grace even during the law. Amen. And here you are. Here you are walking down life's road. Amen. And you have your flusterations. Sometimes you don't even feel like a Christian. Amen. Sometimes you don't know which way is up, but that is not held against you. Amen. You got to see God's grace is so now it doesn't it doesn't mean you turn grace into disgrace. Amen. Because in your heart, you want to serve him as best as you can. That's right. Amen. But God has allowed it in such a way because remember, you're being ushered. Amen. You're being ushered into a rapture. And if your name is at the seat at the wedding supper, you have to be there. That's right. You have to be there. Amen. It's not, oh, where's so and so? Oh, no. They didn't make it. I'll put my feet up at that seat, sweetheart. You know, now I've got a footrest. No, no, no, no, no. It's not that way. Why are you taking those names off, putting other names? I changed my mind. God doesn't change his mind. He has a He He has a list of people and they're going to be there. And the reason they're there is because I I I'm sorry. I have to quit. I'll maybe pick it up on Sunday. But you know the reason there is because a person has come to them. Amen. Mazdc has come to them. Brother Baron preached. Who is this MZDC? And then he says in the end of that service he said and he and he speaks about that same misdc. He says who is this MZDC? Not who he was. Who is he now? He says Mazdc became Jesus Christ. And then he shows that same Jesus Christ is alive and well. And there's a woman on a on a cot who can't get up. Amen. And God calls her out. And then you even hear it at the end of the tape. And she gets up. She's afflicted. She can't get up. God heals her. She gets up. You should hear the people. They're just in shock and awe. Amen. Cuz that same Mazdc who became Jesus Christ is now present. Amen. And those ones that come into union with Melzdc, they're under grace. How do you come under grace? Because you become one with God. Amen. Because you're being ushered. You ever seen bodyguards usher someone into a place? Stay away from this one. They kick you. All everyone who tries to interfere, all the protesters, whatever more, they push them to one side. They usher the person in. You ever seen it? Sometimes looks pretty chaotic, but these the security detail are determined. This this VIP must get in. Amen. How much more are you now? Hallelujah. And God walks with you. Can we have some musicians to come? Otherwise, I'm going to be here a bit too long. I don't want to wear you out. But you got to understand, you say, I'm being ushered. How's your day going? May be terrible, but I'm being ushered to another land. Amen. How's that decade? I don't think it's going too well, but I'm being ushered. Hallelujah. I'm being led. Amen. Hallelujah. This is where we are soon and very soon. I'm not just trying to excite you. The Bible says it would happen in a day like this. Enoch walked with God and he was not for God took him. So Enoch walked with God, then he was ushered. As he was walking with God, he was being ushered. There's a there was a spot. I don't know. I don't know how he w you know, it wasn't just a natural walk. We just say it was. That's where the rapture takes place. And he was being led. I just love to walk down this way with God. maybe down some some valley or someplace. I don't know. Then God says, "Do you want to do you want to come up home?" Hallelujah. It was just another day for Enoch. Amen. This rapture will just be another day. He says it just a sweep will come down and a moment of twinkling of an eye and these atoms will be changed. Amen. It'll happen before you realize it's happened. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Brown, when he's taken past the curtain of time, now do you believe everything else happened in his ministry was true? If if that's true, then that testimony is true. He was there before he realized he was there. You got read the account and you know, look, you know, and then suddenly he sees his body. You know, he's lying there on the bed and he's thinking about beyond the curtain of time and you know, everything that's going on. Then suddenly somehow he's up here and he looks and he sees his body there. He puts, you know, he sees a big green grassy place and all these young people, you know, all, you know, all the redeemed and he, you know, he was bald, but he put he's got a full head of hair again. He's young again. Amen. Amen. He was there before he realized he was there. Hallelujah. Amen. And one day, it's not like, oh, I got to make a rapture. No. If God is in you, you have to make the rapture. Amen. You don't, you know, as I say, a sheep bears wool. It just eats grass and there's life pushing out that just makes wool. It doesn't plan it. It doesn't strategize it. It just What are you doing? I'm just being a sheep. Oh, this stuff. Yeah, it just keeps growing. I can't stop it. It's actually pretty handy sometimes when I'm cold. It's the same thing with the life of a Christian. You just walk along. This life comes out of you. What are you doing? I'm just being me. I don't know. I can't help it. Oh, that. Yeah, it's just how it is. Amen. because another life is there. You can't help it. Amen. And then now if you grieve the Holy Ghost, you know something's wrong and he doesn't leave you in that state very long and you repent of it, then he comes back down again and you just keep walking on. Remember, you're being ushered. You can be rude to your usher, but if the usher is very persuasive and very determined, that usher is going to pick you up and put you where you're going to be. Hallelujah. Amen. She can come kicking and screaming, or you can just come happy. You're going to end up in the seat. Thank you, Lord. Amen. It's the same thing with us. You can come happy or you can come tired and worn out. Hallelujah. The end result will still be the same. Amen. Oh, that means I don't need to do anything. No. God is a gentleman. And I'm going to I'm going to finish with this. God is a gentleman. So, he doesn't take anything from you without you first giving it to him. Amen. So he's not going to take your life and make him yours and the unless you say, "Here it is, Lord." That's right. He doesn't just pick you up and shake you and twist you and now you're a believer. You have to say, "Here's my life. Oh, I have this thing I can't overcome. Oh Lord, take it from me." You have to give it to him. If you don't, you can you can jump up and down and everything you want to do, but if you just got to give it to him. You just got to first you have to, oh, when he meets me, then I'll give up all these things. You have to give it to him first and then he you know it's like if you could not take this off me but I want to give this to you but but you can't get out of my grasp. Well, you can't. I can't give it to you. But when I say here you go. There it is. Amen. So it's not like you just got to sit around and say, "Well, when he meets me then I'll be a Christian." No, you have to give your life. You give it first and then he comes and takes it and makes it his. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just Can we just stand? Let's just sing. We're looking for a city where we'll never die. Hallelujah. Remember Joseph? Okay. People say, "Why is my life going bad if I'm meant to be a believer? I'm victorious." All these things. Remember Joseph was being ushered to the right hand of Pharaoh. Well, how was he being ushered? He was sold into slavery by his brothers. Amen. He was tied up and taken down into Egypt. He was being ushered. Amen. Then he was in Potifer's house. Then he got accused. He's back in jail. He's you put in jail. He was being ushered. Amen. And then the butler and the baker were there and the butler forgot about for two years. He was being ushered. The the time and season had to be right and he had to be right. Amen. And then finally, let's go. But the whole the whole thing, it began when he had those dreams. Amen. It's not, you know, it's not just suddenly, oh, now the Lord's leading me on to the rapture. No, when he first begins to call you. Amen. The ushering in is going on. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing this. Here among the shadows living in a lonely land, the pilgrims on the [Music] move with sorrows and wish on every hand. But we are looking for a city built above. Oh yes, we're looking for a city. aware will never die. And there the saints. Oh, never say goodbye. And there we'll meet our savior. Oh, and our loved ones, too. Oh come now Holy Spirit come. All our hopes renew. Here in disappointment often we so sadly roam and earthly friends no longer speak one word of love. But surely we have found contentment. Jesus promised us a hope. So we are looking for a city built above us. Oh yes, we're looking for a city. Oh where we'll never die. And there the Saintilian. or never say goodbye. And there we'll meet our savior for our loved ones too. Oh, come now. Holy Spirit, come all our home. Oh, in this land of dangers, we are going here and there. We're simply trusting in blessed Savior's love and mercy. Though we may be strangers living in this world of care, we're always looking for a city built above. Oh yes, we're looking for a city. Where will we'll never die and there the saints. Oh, never say goodbye. And there we'll meet our savior. Oh, and our loved ones, too. Oh come now Holy Spirit come. All our homes renewed. Oh yes we're moved looking for a city. Oh where we'll never die. And there the saint is million. Oh never say goodbye. And there we'll meet our savior. Oh and our loved ones too. Oh come. Yes Lord our Holy Spirit. Come all our hope renewed. Hallelujah. Amen. Can we um can we sing that song? So it changes uh pace, but can we sing that song? Uh I um I go into the garden um I go to the garden alone. You know, he walks with me. He talks with me. Amen. Amen. Can you love the Lord tonight? Hallelujah. I come to the garden alone while the Jew is still on the rose. [Music] And the voice I hear calling on my ear, the son of God is closing. And he walks with me. And he talks with me. And he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we carry there. No other has ever known. He speaks and the sound of his voice is so sweet. Lovers touch their [Music] singing and the melo that he gave to me within my heart is ringing. [Music] And he walks with me. And he talks with me. And he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we carry there. No other has ever known. I'd stay in the garden with him. All the light around me be falling. But he makes me go through the voice of wo. His voice to me is falling. And he walks with me and he talks with me. tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we carry there no other has ever known. And he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we tear there. None other has ever known. Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Father, truly just to hear your voice, Lord. It's so glorious to know you in this hour, Father. We're so glad we can walk with you and talk with you and not just us talking to you. You talk back to us, Lord. We're so thankful this is a love relationship between us and you, Lord. You I remember the day when you became real to me, Lord, and I fell in love with you. I thank you, Lord, that's the same now as it was back then. And Lord, we we're so glad we can go back and think upon those things and how wonderful you are. And Lord, how also you're not just a God of when, you know, back there when we first met you, but you're always walking with us. Amen. talking to us, Lord, as we walk along the way. And we want to praise your great name that we're being ushered, Lord. We're being guided, Father, from this world to the next. And Lord, we thank you. Our guide is almighty God himself. And Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus, that Lord, that your hand is upon our lives. Father, it's nothing in ourselves that is special, Lord, of our own humanity. Lord, it's just you called us. Thank you, Father. And Father, that's the main thing, Lord. I just pray, oh God, that that people here who do not know what I'm talking about. They may think it's a bit strange, Father. May you make yourself real to them. Lord, may they not just look in and say, "These people are a bit crazy or a bit religious, but Father, may they see you're a living God today." Amen. May you grant it, Almighty God. We thank you, Lord, that you're ushering us into that wedding supper feast, and you have made us, Lord, you've allowed us to make ourselves ready by what you've given to us, Lord. Father, that we are robed in your righteousness because you have given us your righteousness, Lord, by the blood you shed on Calvary, we can be as righteous as you are righteous. And we thank you, Lord, that even now, Lord, Father, that you w you have washed all our sins away, Father, that you're making us and molding us into your image. And Lord, should our should should our lives leave leave these bodies, Lord, we'll go straight to be with you. Thank you, Lord. We thank you for that great assurance, Lord. We're not scared of where we're going because you put assurance in our hearts, Lord. Father, that just beyond the veil, you're waiting for us there. And Lord, may you just bless each one here. Father, be with us as we drive. Lord, keep us, Lord, guide us throughout tomorrow and the next day and the next day, Lord, till we see each other again. And Father, just bless each one who streamed in as well, oh God. Father, and those who are not here, Lord, we just commit the service into your hands. And we love you with all our heart, Lord. We thank you for your goodness. Lord, we can't, Lord. We can never, Lord, just get over how great you are to us, Lord. Every day we just rejoice and praise you more, Lord. How great you are. And Father, you Lord Lord, we're so glad you never become common, Father. And may you may you never become common to us, Lord. May we just love you more and just be in awe of what you've done, Father, because it's not our will. It's not him that willth or runth, but you that give us mercy. We thank you for your great mercy upon us. Lord, we love you and thank you for this evening in Jesus Christ's name. Dismiss us with your blessing now, please, Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you, friends. Amen. Brother Isaac, you got a song we can finish on? [Music] Till we meet. Still we meet at Jesus feet. Till we meet. Till we meet. God be with you till we meet again. Till we meet. Till we meet. Till we meet at Jesus feet. [Music] Till we meet. Till we meet. God be with you. Till we meet again. Amen. God bless you friends. Yours in Jesus Christ's name. [Music] How do you do? [Music] 2. [Music] [Music] Thanks Eddie.
