################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-07-17 - 16 0717 You shall posses the gates of the enemy - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2016-07-17
Title:    16 0717 You shall posses the gates of the enemy
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 47m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olHkKcVupoA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. We've gathered with an expectation this morning that he will meet with us and we'll have fellowship with God. Amen. And then just want to encourage you this morning to pour out worship to him. Pour out your heart to the Lord. We don't don't just sing, but pour out your heart and worship. Give him everything. He loves worship. He loves praise. Praise him and worship him with all your hearts this morning. Hallelujah. Create an atmosphere around you. Amen. Welcome to our guests. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you all. Let's stand and we'll start with number 75. Who Who has the rapture on their mind? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm thinking of a rapture. Amen. I am thinking of the rapture in a blessed home on high. When the day I'm gathering in I will raise the heaven and lift in that city in the sky. When a gathering gift the gathering of my soul and free from all sin and now we'll shout and now we'll sing with our gathering. There will be a great procession over on the streets of gold are gathering in oh what musical what singing all that city will be when the redeemed. Oh think about it saints gathering in the redeemed. Oh yes, I'm gathering in washed like snow and free from all sin. I will shout and I will sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in and the angels all will listen for they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in when the redeemed are gathering in washed like snow and free from all sin. How we'll shout. How we'll sing. When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sins. How we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed. I am thinking of a rapture. I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high. When the redeemed are gathering in, I will raise that heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in when the redee Oh my wash like so and free from all sin. I will shout. Oh shout it now saints. Hallelujah. When the redeemed are gathering. When the redeemed Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, wash like snow and free from all sin. Oh, how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are gathering in. Hallelujah. Oh Lord Jesus, Father, we just come before you this morning, Father. Lord, open that vision to us, Lord. Make that a real living reality, Lord, by divine revelation, Father, in our souls, Father. Let us see ourselves in the promise of the rapture. Let us see ourselves in the word of God. Lord, make the vision plain in our lives this morning. Speak to us, Lord. Father, through your word, Father, open the word to your bride this morning. and and Lord, let us feast on the the word of the Son of Man. Lord, let us feast on true divine revelation. Lord, we're hungry and thirsty for God. And Father, I pray with all my heart you would take absolute control of the service. And and Lord, gather your eagles together. And Lord, may we feast on that carcass, Father, that fresh food, Lord, this morning. Oh God, sustain us and keep us, Lord. Father, as we offer up Songs of Zion to you, Father, Lord, may you just pour out your Holy Ghost upon us, Lord. Father, I pray, Lord, if there's someone in this building that needs the new birth, Father, Lord, may you bring them through, Father, this morning, Lord. Father, Lord, may someone need the baptism of the Holy Ghost, pour it out upon them, Lord. Pour it out on me, Father. I need you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. How we need, Father, baptism after baptism, Lord. how we need to be immersed in your love, Father, to be immersed in your presence, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Father, the blood was shed for us, Lord, that we could have fellowship with you. And Lord, may your light shine upon every dark place in our lives, Lord. May your light shine upon us this morning, Father, with the guarantee of true resurrection, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. And may, Father, Lord, you send your quickening power this morning, Lord, over your bride, over the body of Christ in this place, Lord. Hallelujah. and raise us up and take us into a further part of the word, Lord Jesus. Oh God, may our eyes and our ears, Father, hear what the Spirit is saying unto the churches. Anoint our pastor, Lord. Father, as he brings the word this morning, Lord, and Father, Lord, those that couldn't make it this morning, be their portion, Father. Lord, speak to them over the stream as they stream in, Lord Jesus. Father, may it be as if they're right here this morning, Father. Oh God, Lord, make us sensitive to your spirit this morning, Lord, and forgive us of our iniquities, Lord, and cleanse us from our secret faults, Father. Oh God, as we gather around your word with the deepest sincerity and love and respect, oh God, just have your way, Lord, and open that vision further in our lives, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. We love you. Thank you. Dedicate ourselves to you, oh God. Commit the service into your hands now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Number 74. Hallelujah. You claim this this morning, saints. Amen. You claim this. You know, you speak that word out of your mouth. The word is nigh even in thy mouth. Now, this is coming out of your mouth as we sing. It's not a just a song, saints. This is a declaration. You're declaring your victory. You're claiming your family. Amen. You're laying hold of eternal life and all that's yours, it's given to you. Amen. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Yes. And peace is mine. Peace is mine. Peace today is mine. Claim it. Hallelujah. I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Oh, the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today. It's right now. Amen. Yes. And I call Satan to get me high in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, healing is mine. Healing is mine. Amen. Yours is mine. Right now, I told Satan to get them high. Stop on him in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, oh yes. I need this. Temperance is mine. Temperance today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, eternal life is Oh yes. Eternal life is mine. Eternal life today is mine. Amen. It's mine. I told Satan to get thee behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh yes, love is mine. Love is mine. Love today is mine. Hallelujah. I told Satan to get behind in the name. Oh, that name above every name. My My family is mine. My family claim them now. My family today is mine. Oh, I told you. Take your hands off them nibble in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, perfect mine. Perfect plate is mine. Perfect faith today is mine and I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, the rapture is mine. The rapture is mine. The rapture today is mine. I told Satan to get dee behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Yes. All things are mine. All things are mine. All things from God are mine. Amen. I told Satan to get divine in the name of Jesus Christ. eyes. My family is mine. My family is mine. My family today is mine. Hallelujah. I told Satan to get thee behind in the name of Jesus. The rapture. Oh, the rapture is mine. The rapture is mine. The rapture today is mine. For I told Satan to get the behind. The Holy Ghost is mine. Claim it now. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Amen. I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus. Peace. Oh, peace is mine. Peace is mine. Peace today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Hallelujah. Amen. You claim those things. Amen. They're yours. They're mine. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's we're just going to interlude now with an interludy type of song here. Number 359. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. I trust your heart's eyes already opened, but you know you want to see him high and lifted up. That's right. be under the influence of the great king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's the influence we need in our lives. Amen. Oh my. Oh, let's we'll do it a bit faster than usual, maybe. Whatever speed. Amen. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. [Music] I want to see you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of mine. I want to see you. I want Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. [Music] I want to see see you high. See you high and lifted up. Amen. Let's raise peace. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. We sing holy, holy, holy. See how high I lifted up, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. We sing holy, holy, holy. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see. Open the eyes. Pray it with all your hearts. Open the eyes of my Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you high. See you high and lift it up. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. We sing oh holy holy holy holy. Amen. Hallelujah. Holy holy holy holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy. I love to see. Holy. Holy. [Music] Holy. Holy. Holy. Holy, holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy. I want to sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy acapella. Holy, holy, holy. Holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. [Music] I love to see you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Jesus. Oh hallelujah. To see you high and lifted up is Lord the greatest thing in our lives Lord. The greatest thing that can happen oh God to know you oh Lord is life. Hallelujah. Amen. Saints you can take your seats now. We are going to have a special from brother Isaac. Okay. Um, God bless you all this morning. God bless you, brother. Good to see you, man. Um, the this is a song that it's been I've been working on for quite a while and it's kind of came together last week. It's not really a congregational song, so I thought I'd just do it like this rather than a congregation, but I have given the musicians the chords to it this morning. They haven't heard it before, but maybe they can play along. It's um it's called um shalom and it's about in your Christian walk sometimes you well actually quite often you get to a place where you actually run out of strength to do something that you that you feel you want to do or whatever. you just run out of strength. And you know, sometimes in those times you think, "Oh, well that's me. I failed." But actually, that's where God starts. You know, when we realize that we when we get to that point where we can't, that's when he can. Amen. Um and I the the shalom doesn't shalom means peace. And we we went on holiday maybe a few weeks ago. And um I had a silly phone call came through and it was just about some really dumb things that I've been dealing with for a long time and they kind of read their ugly head again and it was just I was kind of a wee bit over it. And I finished the phone call and I look, my wife and I, we were were all in the car and and we looked ahead of us and there was a um a camper van driving really slowly on the desert road in front of us. And on the back of it, it had the word shalom. So I took that as being from the Lord. I haven't really been stuck behind a camper van with the word shalom written on the back of it before. So I hung up the phone and the van was there. So, um I'll just quickly read these words out because it was um Brother Arman. It's it's in there. I think Brother Ben put it in this morning. I just like to do this just so you get an idea of what the song's about. It's a wee bit personal, but it's it relates to each one of us in our walk with the Lord. I think Amen. It was early morning night was long and the fight was heavy. His foes, they kept on coming. Sorry. Oh, kept coming on and on. Towards the evening, hope was fading. Foes are sailing, and all his strength was gone, and he could not go on. And this is the Lord speaking. You legions of angels, all ye heavenly host, g up your armor, make you ready now for war. My word is now void of all human strength. And this is where my strength starts. Shalom. I am your victory and peace. And when all your strength is gone, you can't carry on. Victory seems impossible. My word will stand secure. No weapon formed against you will prosper in those that's those tears that you have sown and you will reap in joy and you will doubtless come again rejoicing. You will doubtless come again rejoicing. This is where my strength starts. That's actually it. It's a short song. [Music] It was early morning. The night was long and the fight was heavy. His foes, they just kept coming on and on. Towards the evening, hope was fading, foamed, and all his strength was gone. And he could not go on. Ye legions of angels, and all ye heavenly host, g up your armor, make you ready now for war. My word is now void of all human strength. This is when my strength starts. Shalom. Shalom. Shalom. I am your victory and peace. When all your strength is gone and you can't carry on, victory seems impossible. My word will stand secure and no weapon formed against you will prosper. In those tears you have sown, you will reap in joy. And you will doubtless come. Again rejoicing. You will doubtless come. Again rejoicing. This is when my strength starts. Back to the top. It was early morning. The night was long and the fight was here. foes. They just kept coming on and on towards the evening. Hope was fading, fools are saying, all his strength was gone. And he could not go home. Legions of angels and all ye heavenly host up your armor. Make you ready now. For my word is now void of all human strength. This is where my strength starts. Shalom. [Music] Shalom. Shalom. I am your victory and peace when all your strength is gone and you can't carry on. Victory seems impossible. My word will stand secure and no weapon formed against you will prosper. And in those tears you have sown. You will reap and joy and you will doubtless come again rejoiceing. [Music] You will doubt this come rejoicing. This is where my strength starts. Shalom. Shalom. [Music] Shalom. I am your victory and peace. When all your strength is gone and you can't carry on, victory seems impossible. My word will stand secure and no weapon formed against you will prosper. And those tears you have sown. You will reap in joy and you will doubtless come again rejoiceing. You will doubtless come again rejoiceing. This is where my strength starts. [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. All I want to see is Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. May his fire, this Holy Spirit just come this morning. make manifest everything according to his will. Hallelujah. Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold near lay before. [Music] All my works, all my deeds, every knees lay before the holy sing. But all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him living in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine through me. [Music] Oh, I know the time is near. For everything that I hold near will lay before the holy [Music] consuming. Words of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lay before the holy consuming fire. But all I want to see is [Music] Jesus. All I want to see is me. [Music] All I want to see is [Music] Jesus shine through [Music] me and hear and [Music] say shall Well done. Well [Music] done. Oh, and hear him say and sing. Well done, my friend. Just one. Well done. Well done. My faith. Oh, but all I want to see is Jesus. But all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine. And hear him say, hear him say, well done. My [Music] prayers, well done. shall die my grace. and hear and [Music] say, "Oh Jesus, [Music] hallelujah. Well done. Well done. My faith. Oh, but all I want to see is that all I want to see is Jesus. Oh, all I want to see is just him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine. [Music] Can thou bind the sweet influence of pieties or loose the bands of [Music] aruence of loose? [Music] [Applause] Can thou bind thou bind the sweet of all loose of? Can thou bind? as thou bind the sweet influence some place or lose the best of a can thou bind the sweet influence some of loose the And the clock will rise. 6,000 years after 6,000 years after centur ages have gone. God himself came down with healing in his wings to my man suffering [Music] and there shall be deliverance in Zion. There shall be an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. When we're influenced by seven stars, we saw signs like the nebula saying rejoice. The deliverance has come and thou find the sweet influence of ladies or lose the band of cast thou mind the sweet Y or lose the ve of the R. [Music] Flesh and blood has not revealed these things to us by the spirit of revelation. Seven daughters come and loosed upon the earth. Bring redemption to the church. With one foot on the sea and one on the land. He holds the seven stars in his right hand. He played the role of the great enforcer. He will fight for his people in this fateful hour. He holds the kings of Eth. Hence thou find the sweet influence of place or lose the bed of Orion? [Music] Dance and find the sweet influence of place or lose the band of arise. And thou find the sweet influence of place or loose the band of Orion. Can thou find the sweet influence some of loose the [Music] hallelujah Jesus you can Lord you've done it Lord it's a finished work father according to your word hallelujah oh we serve a mighty God hallelujah Hallelujah. When our strength is gone, his strength is made complete. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm so thankful for that. Hallelujah. That's his effort, not ours. Amen. Let's finish this morning. Just be [Music] still. When the oceans rise and thus fall, I will soar with thee above the storm. [Music] under you within your When the ocean [Music] rise, I will s [Music] you king. I will be still and know my Bless my [Music] soul in [Music] quietness and When the ocean [Music] rise, I [Music] will s you are king over the I will be when the Ocean rise. [Music] I will be still and know you our God. Let's go to verse two. You find rest my [Music] soul in Christ the [Music] Lord. [Music] Holy [Music] sh in quietness and when the ocean rise and thunderers home. I will sow with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still and know you are God. I will be still and know you are God. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Who has a prayer? Who has a need on their heart? If you want to raise your hands. Amen. Let's just talk to him, shall we? Father, we're so glad we can know you. We can be still and know you are God. And Father, we thank you, Lord, that is true to us, Lord. It's not just a nice phrase. It's a reality. Father, God of the I. Lord, you are the I am. You're the everpresent God. your present help in time of trouble, Lord. And Father, we want to thank you that we can be gathered one more time. Amen. Father, we can lift you up into the highest place. And Lord, you Lord, you always come where you're invited. Amen. Lord, as your prophet said, you always come where you're invited. One day you're invited to a feast, but you weren't made welcome. Lord, they they they invite you there to make fun of you. But Lord, that was all arranged that a that a little prostitute woman would would sneak in and anoint your feet with a breaker alabaster box over your feet and anoint you. And Father, that was all done for her, Lord. And dear Lord, we have invited you here not to make fun of you, but you'd take the highest place. Father, you you'd have the best place in the feast, Lord Jesus, that you, Lord, we want to make you welcome. Father, may you be welcome in every heart today. And Father, may your anointing come forth upon us, Lord. May your word come forth, Lord. Come forth. And Father, speak to every life here, oh God. Lord, we face a real enemy. And we know we need you to defeat that enemy, Lord. May you do that this morning in every life, oh God. Father, may we take courage to press the battle. And Lord, we want to tell you that we love you to all our hearts, Lord, with all that we are, oh God. And Father, may you be glorified, Lord. We just want to lift, Lord, Sister Andre's mom into your presence by prayer. Lord, I pray, oh God, she wouldn't need the operation in her eye. Father, you'd supply her needs, Lord. Father, be her strength and her portion. Lord, I pray. Father, may you heal her body, Lord. Distance is nothing to you, oh Lord. Go touch you, Lord. I pray. Father, Sister Analise, who's not well as well, oh God. Touch her, raise her up, oh Lord. Father, may you grant it. You're the God that heals, Lord. Father, we praise your mighty name. Your present help in time of trouble, Lord. Father, be with all those who couldn't be here as well. Father, be their portion and strength there. Lord, we commit the service into your hands. Father, take control, oh God. In Jesus Christ's name, we yield ourselves to you for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we ask, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless the musicians. Thank you. Amen. Appreciate it. Amen. Good to have everyone out this morning. Amen. God bless you all. Bless you, brother. Amen. Let's just go to uh Genesis chapter 22. Amen. I'm just going to read verses 15 to 17. Amen. This is just after Abraham is uh going to off just uh was about to offer his son Isaac. We're just going to go to the end of this uh story here. So verse so so Genesis 22:15 to1 17. And the angel of the Lord called unto Abraham out of heaven the second time and said, "By myself have I sworn, sayeth the Lord, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not how withheld thy son, thine only son, that in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I'll multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the seashore, and thy seed shall possess the gates of his enemy." Amen. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. Amen. And thy seed shall possess the gates of his enemy. Amen. Now, Brother Brandham, he he says in a a sermon called harvest time, and he's and he's in prayer, and he says, "Now, let us pray." And while we're praying with our heads bowed towards the dust from which God took us, is there someone that would like to be remembered in prayer, just raise your hand. He knows right what's in your heart beneath the hand. Dear heavenly father, we so we are solemnly approaching thee with our heads turned to the dust from where you have took us. And then in our minds, we're thinking that you told Abraham one night, "Could he number the sands that was upon the seashores?" And then you told him to look towards the stars. And could he number them? Of course, it was impossible. And you told him that his seed would be as innumerable as the stars, I mean, as the sands on the seashores. and on the stars that light the heavens. Now in our minds, our thoughts and our minds rather as we bow our heads towards the sand where we come from. Then our hearts look towards heaven where we are going from sand to stars. Being Abraham's seed, dead in Christ, we are Abraham's seed and is with him according to the promise. So he's saying now there's a he links these two together and he's saying that that that we came from this dust of the earth, the sand, but we go to the stars. Now I want to just recap on on Wednesday for those who didn't hear. Now now don't just glaze over. Okay? Don't glaze over. You just listen. Amen. Okay? Whatever you do, you know, the devil comes into church with you. Amen. And he makes your mind fire and all kinds of different things. And the first thing he says is you don't you don't understand what that man is saying. And then you just go off. And then you know half the time you see people they you know turn around and look at the clock and they say when can I get out of here and the devil says just sit there and just wait. It'll all be over soon. And you've just been robbed of the greatest thing you could ever receive. Amen. Amen. It's just like, you know, uh, uh, Abnner was a general in Saul's host and then Saul died and Abnner was fighting, you know, for for Saul's family against David. And then after the fighting finished, Abnner went into a city of refuge. And then what happened is is is Abnner killed someone's brother. And then so the brother says, "I'm going to revenge my brother that Abnner killed." And he goes to that city of refuge. And Abnner comes out of the gate. Remember in the city of refuge they could not be killed. He walks out of the gate of the city of refuge and this guy kills him. And David laments Abnner's death. He is he died like a fool died. Amen. That's what it says in the scripture. He laments because he died like a fool died. And friends, don't die like a fool died. Amen. Amen. Because the city of refuge today is Christ. Amen. And you'll die like a fool if you if you don't go in the gate and stay in the gate. Amen. Amen. This is not on my notes. Just how I feel. Don't die like a fool will die. Amen. This is real talk, friends. This is not playing games or some religion. So don't just sit there and say, "Well, in in an hour I'm going to be out of here. Then I can do what I want because what? There'll be a last time." And I'm not trying to put some pressure on you. I just want you to realize this is life and death. There's one life to live. And the whole world if I had my cell phone, you know, you see this Pokémon Go, all this this insanity coming upon the earth and people are being their whole life is this little thing and they have to live through their device. That's right. And that's the only way they can be happy is my cell phone. Oh, isn't it wonderful? And they go and they take all their selfies and you know, their whole life is through this thing. It's not through here talking to someone having a real relationship. It's I love my cell phone and you're just an accessory to this thing. Amen. That's how pathetic. That's how blind this world has become. And the winds of war are blowing upon the earth. Amen. A tribulation setting in. And I've got to catch this this this Pikachu here. And there's a way of escape upon the earth. Oh, that's so ridiculous. But that's how people are. And there's a there's an arc of safety being set before all mankind. Amen. And that ark is Christ. But I've got to catch this. Got to put a lure here. And I need to do this. And you know, people they spend they people have died, I think, playing that game. And they've been in car wrecks. All kinds of things. I've got to catch a Pikachu. My Bulbasaurus. I need to level them up. What is it? Brother Bram said, "This world will go insane." And we're living in the insane time. Amen. I say we're here. Amen. Thank God we have something to give us a pure mind, a sound mind. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, it's true. This world is mad. This world is insane. This world is falling apart and people are going to go laughing all the way to hell. Amen. That's what people, they're just on this world is just a slide and people are thinking they're having the greatest time. Amen. Don't go down that way. Amen. This serpent, the devil that we fight against, he is biting people every day. You know, it says it says in the book of Proverbs, it says someone who becomes a drunkard and it, you know, and then they and then they wake up and they said they hit me and I felt it not and all these things, you know, and he says I'll go seek it again. Amen. Because they become intoxicated and this world is drunk on many things. Yeah. Not just alcohol, but many things. Pleasure, sport, pornography, whatever, lust, whatever it may be, you know, just work even. This world is drunk. I said, "Oh, you know, but I remember waking up hung over many times. I never felt very good." But yet, something in me says, "I'll go seek it again." But then one day, Jesus came. Amen. Hallelujah. And that's just not alcohol. It's a whole bunch of things. Then Jesus came and broke that thing. And he's present here to break that thing. Amen. If there's something holding you back, you don't have to carry it out these doors. You don't have to live with it anymore. Get the monkey off your back. That's right. Hallelujah. There's a power here to get the monkey off your back if you want to be free. Remember, repentance is not because you were caught. You don't repent because you're caught. You repent because you hate the thing that made you do it. Amen. Saying, "I'm sorry cuz you're caught." That's just because you got busted. But if that thing is not out of you, you'll do it again. It may be years down the road that thing will sit. You got to get rid of that thing. Amen. Because if someone truly repents, they're different. Yes, that's right. Amen. How long does it take? 5 seconds. Amen. Amen. 5 seconds to become a believer. I told the story. I heard it again. There's a there's a in in brother Tim Puit's church, the wife of the deacon. She was a young girl. She was in the service of the wings of Snow White Dove. A few I think four people in front of her was a woman that was called out in the prayer line cuz she smoked. This little girl just started smoking. And when that was called out, she she prayed in her heart. She said, "Lord, forgive me. I didn't know it was wrong." And then when she stood in front of the prophet, remember in front of that presence, everyone's naked and exposed. And when she came in front of the prophet, God didn't call that thing out because it had been dealt with just a few people before that. That's how easy it is to be free. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Just like brother Brown. You You see, you see, you can hear it on tape. He's in Grand Prairie. He's up there in British Columbia and they're singing at the end of the service and they're singing, "Well, uh, oh, I love him or you know, cuz he first love me something." And you hear brother cry out, "You won't commit suicide, soldier boy. That's the devil talking to you." He says, "Deny him and you'll be a real gentleman." Amen. Now, there was a power present to break that if he denied it. Amen. Amen. And there was a power present. But God in his grace because obviously the soldier boy didn't didn't deny him because God in his grace hundreds of miles north in the wilderness in this little place a man took that soldier boy and they came into where brother Bam and then we're having lunch and that guy who who brought the soldier boy said I believe we'd find you today. Amen. And if you go look at the map it's the most ridiculous you know percentage of even finding anyone there. Amen. And then and then they went they had their lunch. You go, you go listen to it again. Go watch it again. They go outside. They go and pray. Brother, uh, yo, brother Bon, the soldier boy. They pray. They turn around. He said, the soldier boy's face was totally different. Says, "I'm free. I'm free. I'm free." Hallelujah. He said, "That man told me that only something me and my wife knows in this whole earth." And when he said that, I was free. Hallelujah. Amen. God's grace. He could have denied it in the meeting. Amen. But yet God's grace said that man must be free. Yes. Hallelujah. And that same son of man, Jesus Christ, is present. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Now, friends, I want to recap Wednesday, but don't, you know, stop being bitten by the serpent. Have you been just just just just don't entertain him anymore. That's right. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. Whatever you do, now God created man in his own image in in in in Genesis chapter 1. And the image of God created he him. male and female created he them. And we understand that God is a spirit. Now, in Genesis 2:7, it says, "The Lord God formed man out of the dust of the earth and breathed into his ne uh nostrils the breath of life and man became a living soul." Now man, so so man was a spirit man and then God made a body out of the dusty earth put the spirit man in a body and then now but then what happened is is is after the fall remember Adam if you read Genesis 5:1 it says this is the generation this is the book of the generations of Adam and that day God created man in the likeness of God made he him so he made So, Adam was made in God's image, but then there was a fall. And then it says in the second verse, male and female created them and blessed them and called their name Adam in the day that they had created. And Adam lived 130 years and begat a son in his own likeness after his image and called his name Seth. So, he wasn't Seth wasn't made in the image of God. He was made in the image of Adam, the fallen man. Yep. And Adam, the name Adam is derived from a Hebrew noun meaning the ground or the earth. So, he was a son of the earth. Amen. He's the son of dust. And we understand dust just like sand. You know, I was looking just just what I found on the on the internet. The only difference between dust, rock dust, and sand is the particle size. When it comes to a definition, it's not necessarily the the geological content of the minerals in it. It's the particle size between rock, dust, and sand. This is just what I found very briefly. So, dust and sand have same kind of uh properties. They blow with the wind. Amen. They don't stay fixed. Just you go and it just blows. And God was showing this is what man will be without me. Amen. They'll be dust. They will move what whatever forces come upon them, they'll move with it. Amen. And you can see it today. Well, in every generation, right? Popular culture moves the sand. Amen. It moves people. People's attitudes and how they view things in life are all moved because they are we are dust. Amen. But when you add water to rock dust, you get clay. And then you can make a you can make something out of that clay. And you can put that clay jar there and you can put the dust there and the clay jar stays right there. But the water is the vital ingredient. Without the water that blow like the rest of the dust. And it's the same thing with the believer. Amen. If you've got the spirit of God in you, the culture will blow. Society will blow. You won't move. There's something in you said, "I'm not going with the rest of the crowd." Amen. I may be a sheep, but I'm not one of those sheep. Amen. I'm one of God's sheep. And I've heard his voice, and I will not follow a stranger. Amen. Hallelujah. So now God God allowed man to fall this way. And so now the entire human race was fallen and he be to have sons of dust. Amen. And now, but I just want to retain this in the cruelty of sin. It says, "I can see Adam and Eve." Because remember we read in the beginning, just just to go back, he said in that prayer, "From the sand to the stars." So we're we're like dust, but then we become like the stars because not a shooting star. We're not fly by nights. That's right. Amen. But but the stars are in a fixed orbit. Amen. They're in their position. Nothing can move them from their position. Amen. Amen. They're all rotating around the stars and everything that you know, you know, in the galaxies, everything. And they're all declaring the glory of the Lord. Amen. In their position. Amen. So, we go from something that's just blowing with the like the wind into something that's immovable. Amen. Far above the storms of life. Amen. Hallelujah. That's what we've been made. I'm so glad for that. Thank you, Lord. And I can see Adam and Eve pull these bloody flapping skins around them. Could you imagine the lovely, beautiful bodies of those perfect two perfect human beings now wrapped in bloody sheep skin? I can see them stand out there. God said, "Adam, because you listened to your wife instead of me. Then I took you out of the dust and dust your return." And Eve, because you listened to the serpent instead of me, you brought life, took life out of the world. You'll have to bring life into the world. I'll multiply your sorrows and your and your desire shall be to your husband and so forth. Then he said, "Serpent, because you did this, walked up." He wasn't a reptile. He was a beast. Walked up more subtle than all the beasts of the field. Bear me record. That's scripture. Absolutely. Walked up like a man. And he had deceived her and said, "Because you did this, off comes your legs and on your belly you'll go all the days of your life and dust shall be your meat." And right there they was judgment. God had to keep his judgment because that he spoke it and he's God. He can't back up on it. He's got to stay. In order to be God, he has to keep his word. That's right. So there, I can imagine seeing that poor little Eve when she looked at Adam, her long blonde hair hanging down her back, those big bright blue eyes that look like the skies where God had made them. Tears pouring down, mixing with the blood on the garments and flapping around her legs. Eve, Adam with his strong body caught her and leaned her over on his bosom. And there the tears mingling, falling as it was run through the sheep skins, blood dripping down, blood all the way. There now he says, "You have to depart out of my presence." I can see Adam and Eve with their arms around one another going, moving out like this, them old sheep skins flopping against their leg, bloody beating on their leg. Then I can see, then I can see all that space which was God. God had no beginning of days, ending of years. He's forever and forever. I can see all that great space begin to move together like this. Coming down in a funnel shape like that. And it moved right down as he began to eye that little couple going down through the garden. Bloody skins flopping against their leg. He couldn't stand it. And it moved down. Oh, moved down to the very heart of God spelled Lov. God so loved. He couldn't just see them go. He called them back. said, "I'm going to put emnity between your seed and Satan's seed." Then when that was done was at Calvary when God himself came down through a woman born of a virgin. How I'd like to deal there just a little bit needed. Notice when they were driven out from the garden because of transgression. All the blessings cut off because of transgression. And I think tonight that's what the matters with the church. All the blessings being cut off because of transgression. There you are driven from the Garden of Eden. So he says, "So I just so God, remember Adam and Eve, they lived in a realm very different to the one we're born into. Adam, Adam was God over the earth. He could speak to nature. Nature obeyed him. I mean, he had he had total dominion over everything in creation. But then after the fall, he fell from that realm that he operated from." Yeah. Amen. And he was alienated. They became alienated from God, separated from God. But I want you to notice, brother Araham said about God, he couldn't stand it. He couldn't stand to see his creation in that fallen state. And that's why he gave them the promise. When he looked at his enemies, he said, "The seed of the woman's going to, you know, bruise the head of the seed of the serpent." He promised Calvary right then and there. Amen. And he gave them he covered them in sheepkins as as a down payment saying I'm going to undo this. Amen. The lamb is going to come and not just cover your sins but annihilate your sins. Amen. Amen. That you don't have to carry them anymore. And so he said because of transgression all the blessings were cut off. Amen. But I want to say if that was so now then by the blood of Jesus Christ all the blessings are back. Amen. Amen. We have access to to a realm that they came out of. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Once upon a time, man was alienated from from God. But not anymore. Yum. Who has he reconciled by the blood of Jesus Christ? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, God God in these end days is doing a total restoration. Amen. Bring us back to our original position. That's right. And you're living in the middle of it, friends. Amen. You say, I've heard these things many times. You're living in the middle of it. Amen. So God is doing a total restoration. So everything Adam and Eve fell from, we're being restored, too. And don't wait for a body change to go back into that place. God is putting us back in that place now. Even in fallen bodies of dust. Amen. God is restoring a people. Amen. That they have the same power. Amen. They walk with God like Adam and Eve walk. Amen. God speaks to them. He speaks to us. That's right. Hallelujah. Amen. So God is doing a total restoration. Now when Adam and Eve when Adam and Eve fell, Satan took their position as God over the world because he's called the prince of the power of the air, the god of this evil age, you know, the god of this world as the scripture says. So he he be to have dominion over this world. And that's why there's the evil. That's why there's the storms. That's why there's the sickness because man fell. Amen. From his position and Satan took his place. There was a coup. Amen. There was a coup. And but because of love, that's why Adam Adam was not deceived. The scripture says Eve was deceived. But because Adam loved his wife, he went eyes open, parttook of the same, fell with her to try and redeem her. Oh, if that isn't love, I don't know what is. It's like Jesus. He went with his eyes open to the cross. He knew what he was doing. Amen. And and the purpose of it was, I'm going to take a just blown around. Hallelujah. Amen. a people of dust. I'm going to elevate them back into their rightful position in me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So now it says, it says in the book of Ephesians, maybe let's just turn there. I want to show you a few things. For the record, when I was young, I played Pokémon for hours. So, I'm not being some silly old crank. I played computer games till I couldn't see no more. Then I got up again. I played until I couldn't see no more. I know what it's like. I've been there. Amen. But then when you meet him, he changes your desires. And you see it for what it is. Amen. That's right. Amen. So, I haven't been living in some commune someplace far away, not knowing what things are. I've been in the world, but I'm not in the world anymore. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Yeah. If you saw me, you'd say, "There's no hope for that guy." That's right. You would never have picked me. That's right. You would never have picked you, but God picked you before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. And that's the main thing. Glory to God. Amen. Yes. Glory. Absolutely. Hallelujah. Amen. Hey, we have something to shout about. We have something to rejoice about. Amen. You don't just get saved and cool off and die. Amen. It just gets richer and better every day. You don't have to pump it up. It pumps you up. He's not getting yourself excited. He excites you. Anything out of motion, you bury it, it's dead. Amen. And what does the devil do? He blows his cold wind in. Tries to make you cold and indifferent. Don't go down that way. No way. If he can, he'll just make you formal and just powerless. Amen. We face a real We don't face some imagination. That's right. If I told you the story, the first house, I'm just going to tell it. The first house we lived in here, Freickleton Grove there in Wateroo. We move in and there was such an oppression in that place. I'd go to work or lift. Soon as you drive around the corner, see it again, this oppression would just come upon you. And we started fighting. We never fight. We just started fighting and Christine would say she'd just see like this black streak in the place. Hey, you saw it in there. And then so we prayed one night. We're praying there in the lounge and this fear just came upon us. I just said, "Satan, you have no right to put your fear upon us." Amen. And then but then we knew it was still there, but we knew it was there. See, don't be blind. I'm just having a bad day. Who says it's a bad day? Oh, this is just I'm just going through a night time. Who says it's a night time? Amen. Amen. Are we just going through a bad patch in our marriage? Who said it is a bad patch in your marriage? It's Satan. Amen. He'll break us all up if he could. Mash uses with a bunch of scars and throw us out into the world. That's what he could do. Oh, something's come between us. It's the devil. You got to identify it for what it is. You know, the Christian world even today wants to put tags and this is what this is. It's it's Satan. You got to go. Don't give it some human name. It's the devil. That's right. Amen. That's not too Oh, that's just you just that's just oldfashioned. No, it's not. What happened when Jesus cast out devils? Their sickness was cast out. Amen. Cancer was healed. Amen. Amen. All manner of diseases. What happened? Because the life was taken out that thing. And whenever when I see a virus come in, I say, God, take the life out of it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. And so anyway, there was this thing. And then, but we knew it had to go. We knew it was still there. And then one time we were there and we didn't even do anything. But then God just came down and we started to praise the Lord. And then I was there next to my wife and she's looking at the door and she had this like this scared look like started look on her face and she saw the thing and then she and it was never in the house again. It left. God came down and drove it out and there was such peace in that place. Christine brought a workmate from the from the hospital. Total unbeliever. She steps into our house. It's so peaceful in here. Amen. Amen. And then so we the day we are leaving that house, the neighbor says, you know, there was a woman in that place and she was using it as a brothel. Amen. So where did that evil spirit come from? What they were doing. Amen. This is a true story. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we're not That's why I say we're not fighting against some figment of our imagination or some moral just a moral thing. We have a real enemy. That's right. We have a real enemy. That's right. Amen. But we have a real God. Amen. Amen. We have a real God. Yes, sir. And he is not wanting us to be Satan's whipping boy anymore. Amen. Amen. What is someone that that that that lives their whole life through a device? They are Satan's whipping boy. Amen. They just they just get beaten around all the time. Amen. It is what it is. Uh just take it for what it is. Amen. Amen. We don't have to live that way anymore. Amen. You don't have to be beaten around by your job. Dictated to by society. We're not here. We are not here. This society is here for our benefit. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes. You understand? Everything in life is for our benefit. Amen. We should never serve it. It's meant to serve us. That that doesn't mean you go around arrogant saying, "Hey boys, I own this place." The meek shall inherit the earth. Amen. And if God's in you, you don't have to try and be meek. It's in you to be meek. You can't help it. Amen. But we're not here to jump on the hamster wheel of life, the rat race. What race is in a rat race? Rats. We're not rats. That's right. Amen. You may think he just called me a rat. Well, if you think you are a rat, there's a power here to change you from a rat to a lamb. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, Ephesians 4:17, we've seen Satan work. We've seen God work. Amen. If all you get out of the service that Satan is real, good. Because then you'll say, "Will there be a God?" Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, so I said now, so Ephesians 4:17, this I say therefore and testify in the Lord, that ye henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk in the vanity of their mind, having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their hearts, who being past feeling, who being past feeling, have given themselves over unto the shiviousness to walk in all uncleanness, with greediestness. greediness. So he says, "Don't walk as they do." Amen. We're different people. You just think God has given you grace that he's opened your eyes. Amen. Amen. And this is not all a whole bunch of conspiracy theories and stuff. Those guys are a million miles off. I wouldn't give myself to those things. I'd give myself to this. Because you know, we can get so caught up all the news and this is happening, this is happening. It's all interesting. But don't look at that. You should be able to look into yourself and say this is happening and this is happening. This is happening because when the bride is ready, she leaves. You are the main news event in the day. Amen. Not not what ISIS is doing. Not what all those not what the TPPA or the trade stuff and the Illuminati and whatever. Who cares? You're the main news event because when you're ready, the whole world is waiting for the manifestation or the revealing of the sons and daughters of God. Amen. The creation is waiting for you to be revealed. Amen. Amen. Remember you already are because you are a son. He sends for your sends forth the spirit where you cry aba father or my father because it's not because you become because you are. Amen. Because you are. But once upon a time we were alienated in our minds from God. But then God and his grace came your way. Amen. So don't sit there and say, "Well, I don't feel too much." It's probably because you're just alienated. That's right. But you say, "Lord, you know, reconcile me." Amen. Amen. Don't just, you know, don't just take it, well, I must not be one of them. No, because once upon a time, I was blind in the world. That's right. But then God in his grace revealed his son in me. Amen. Hallelujah. We are the sons. The scripture says, "Now we are the sons and daughters of God." Remember, a son is a position. Amen. It is a position. It's not, oh, someone's just born to family. It's someone that's been placed in their position. Amen. Yeah. So, it says, now the whole creation, Romans, I think 8, is waiting for the manifestation or the revealing of the sons of God. So, this whole world, remember, this world is going through birth pains. Amen. You know, when brother preaches sermons, he doesn't just think, "Oh, this would be cool. Maybe I'll just, oh, this sounds, oh, that's a cool scripture." No, it's a prophet announcing things. Amen. He says, he says the first world war was a first birth pain. The second world war was a second birth pain. And now with all the atomic and all those bombs they have, it'll it'll make, you know, it'll it'll birth the world. It it'll come forth in a new creation. Amen. So, the world is primed and ready to go. Yeah. But the one thing it's waiting for is you coming to your position in Christ. Because once you come to your position in Christ, then the rapture will go and then the thing will be burned over again. Amen. So the world you are, you are the news event. What God is doing personally to you is the is the news. Amen. It is actually the headline news. All this other stuff is just filling. Amen. God is waiting for you. Remember, it is God that places you. Amen. You just have to be yielded and surrendered for him to place you in your position in Christ. Amen. So it's not something you elevate your to and or try and squeeze your way into. Just give yourself to him. Amen. And if there's something holding you back, you need prayer for that thing to be broken. Amen. Amen. Because do you think the devil wants once upon a time the devil made it says in Ephesians 2 where in times past you walked according to the prince of the power of the air. So that's why we blew with the wind because we were being governed. We're under a slave master. But we thought it was our desires were causing us to go down that way. No, it was our slave master, the devil. So do you think do you think a slave master wants his slaves to go free? Oh, that's a great idea. I'll free them all. Where's he going to get his revenue from? Where's he going to get people to work his fields and do what he wants? Amen. And so when the gospel trumpet comes came your way, and you realize it's more than just denomination and Sunday and you walk out church, you forget about God and come back the next day, next Sunday. It's how it is. But when you recognize that God has called you, Amen. And that you're not meant to be a devil's slave, but you're meant to be a son or daughter of God. The devil doesn't just, oh, I'll just quit. I can't hold them. Remember when Abraham was promised, God promised Abraham, your seed is going to be in a strange land 400 years, speaking of Egypt, but I'm going to deliver them out with a mighty hand. They're going to come back to the promised land. Satan was there. He had his he had his voice memo going on his phone because he wanted to make sure he knew what what the prophecy was, right? And then he's now then he and then he goes on the WhatsApp chat to all the kings of that land. Boys, we got to prepare. Hallelujah. 400 years. We got 400 years, right? And those nations were anointed. When you read the descriptions of the promised land, it speaks about their strength of their cities and their walls and their defenses. What was happening? The devil was building bunkers, putting a gun in place for an invasion. For 400 years, he was doing that. Amen. But God had said, "Your seed is going to go on that land." Hallelujah. And it's the same thing with you where our our our promised land is our position in Christ is in heavenly places, which we'll get to. But Satan is squatting in that in our promised land. Amen. So it's so it's your job. Yes. Amen. with the sword in your mouth. To cast him down and take your position. Amen. That's what we're called to do. Hallelujah. But do you think he's just going to quit? When because he sees he, you know, because he knows your emotion. He knows you when when you begin to respond. Do you think he just throws his white flag? Oh, I give up here. God wins. No way. No way. So don't think it's strange when the devil comes, he trains his guns down. And remember in the garden, that was his best shot. He wasn't just, oh, just I'll just see just throw out a little scouting party, you know, just see what you can. No, no, no. That was his main offensive against against mankind. And then when he comes against you, just trains his guns down because you're beginning to rise up and he just lets go. He doesn't care about his guns overheating. Amen. Our enemies are vicious. He's not a gentleman. He would never even think of signing the Geneva Convention. Amen. Which is how you deal with prisoners of war. And you know there, you know, the Japanese didn't sign it. Look what they did. What was anointing them? What was anointing, you know, the Nazis to kill all the Jews? There was a there was a devil. They weren't, you know, and they, you know, you know, and the Japanese over and over again said, "We never signed the Geneva Convention in World War II." Remember, it wasn't the nation, it was the spirit on the nation. Yeah. And that was just reflecting now, this is what I'm going to do. So, in the natural, that was actually just a reflection of what the devil wants to do in the spiritual, work you to death, feed you with nothing. That's why there's a famine in the land. That's right. That's why people are trying to find scraps. That's right. You know, if you have ever read the accounts of the prisoners of war under the Japanese, the brutality they had to endure. Have you ever have you ever read about that? They try and just, you know, they have like, you know, the Japanese would have potatoes. They peel all the potatoes and they just try and somehow steal the skins because they weren't fed anything. They weren't and they just try and get the skins and try and somehow cook them up and eat them just trying to survive. Yeah. All kinds of harsh things. And they would just they would just march till they died. Yeah, you should go see it. And what does the devil do? He comes into denomination. And he just gives he gives things. Now, this is this day and he gives people spiritual things. Yeah. Which don't feed their soul. That's right. And but he gives them a nice or this is a nice children's program and this is the young adults program and this is our music program and they do all the you know and it and it just becomes a society. Now, I'm not condemning the people in there. The word says, "Come out of her, my people." You're responsible to call them out. That's right. So, God give us grace and God give us godly love and concern that we can somehow live a life that they'll want what we have. Amen. Amen. It's not going there saying this is wrong and this is wrong and this is wrong. Lord, pull them out some way. May they see a difference. Amen. Amen. May they just thirst, hunger and thirst for righteousness. Amen. But that's how that's the natural in World War II. The spiritual now people are emaciated because it said there'd be a famine in the land. Not for bread or water, but by the hearing the word of the Lord. Amen. But that's why we are living in a feast. Because in a time of famine, Elijah, remember there's a drought. Elijah went to the brook Cherith and the ravens fed him and he drank. Amen. He had he had he had food. He was sustained in the drought. And we are living out that scripture. Amen. Where it even says in Amos 8 there that young men and young women will will will go to and fro and they'll actually not find what they need and they'll die. Amen. Because the young would be the ones you think that can travel. They're the strong ones. They said there'll be such a famine they won't even get what they need. But then I just read that I say thank you Lord. Amen. I didn't find the oasis. The oasis found me. Amen. The, you know, the food, the hidden food found me. Hallelujah. That's why we have a seven course meal. Amen. That's why we're filter overflowing. Thank you, Jesus. But the reason that is also because now let's go to second Corinthians 10. Sorry, I just I just jump ahead of myself. 2 Corinthians 10 and verse three. I'm in 1 Corinthians. It doesn't help. He says this here familiar scripture to us all. For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God, bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Amen. So our weapon So that's why this is a spiritual war. Amen. And we are called now not to fight. That's why that's why if things go wrong in the family or against brother and sister, it's not that person. It's never that person. It's never your children or your spouse or brother so and so, sister so and so. It's never them. It's the enemy. Amen. And you have to recognize it that way. Amen. So, we are called to pull down strongholds. Amen. We are called to cast down imaginations. Amen. And every high thing that exalts itself against the knowledge of God, bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. So if this thing starts running, and it's not according to this, you have to make that captive. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Brown was asked, "How do I know I'm thinking God's thoughts?" Well, God's thoughts are his word. Amen. Are you thinking this? Now, that doesn't mean you have to remember chapter and verse and all the punctuation, everything. That's right. But you got to think, is this does your thoughts in here make you scared? Does it make you terrified? Does it make you stressed? Does it make you anxious? Does it make you worry? If they do, not this. Amen. If it does, not this. Amen. Amen. Well, what if this? But I'm facing this thing and I don't know what's going to happen. Just put your commit your soul to the Lord and then whatever happens is is actually God's will for your life. Amen. It can be you're like you just you just take Joseph. Joseph he had dreams and in these dreams he had two dreams and basically the sum of the dreams was his family he'll become the head of his family. They'll all bow down and worship him and he's spiritual. God speaking to him in dreams. And so in his heart now he knows this is going to happen. But where does he find himself? He finds himself sold by his own brothers who are meant to bow down and worship him. And he's been taken down to Egypt as a slave. He is in his mind going the opposite direction to what he thinks he should be going. That's right. Amen. But that was God's perfect will for his life. Amen. Think about it. That was God's perfect will for his life. And then he and then he's bought by Potterer, which is the captain of the guard. He's over Piper's house. He's thinking now must be getting close. There we go. Because he never forgot about it. But then he finds himself. Part of his wife wants to commit adultery with him. He of course denies her. And then part of his wife tells a lie. He's thrown into prison. Now he's in a worse estate, right? And he languishes there. And then now the butler and the baker come in. They have dreams and the Lord that same that gift is in Joseph and that same gift now works in their lives. He tells them exactly what's going to happen. And it happened exactly that way. And then Joseph says to the butler, when you go back to your position as the butler for Pharaoh, tell Pharaoh, remember me in prison cuz I'm here under false charges. What happens? The butler forgets because now he would think, "I'm gonna get out of here. This is all going to work out." Now's the time. He's gonna go because he's so excited because I told him what the dream was. He's going to tell Pharaoh and then probably tomorrow, tomorrow morning, I'm going to be out of here. And tomorrow morning comes and he's still there. Two years later, I think it's about that. You go read the story. It's a long time. About two years later, Pharaoh has a dream. And then the butler remembers Why did why did Joseph have to go through these great valleys of life? Because he had to be ready. He had to have the character. Amen. That when his brothers were there. Amen. He didn't get revenge on him. I mean I mean upon them. Because you see some you see you see like children, you know, sibling wrongs one and that other sibling I'm going to but they did this to me and and they want the full strength of the law. Daddy throw the book at them pretty much sometimes, you know. But the but Joseph had the character he could actually see. That's right. I was a slave and I was in prison. All this that your lives would be saved. Amen. Amen. But he had to go, remember he was dust, but then he had to come to his position, his right hand of Pharaoh. You see? And God used that road. Amen. For him to come to his position. You following me? And it's the same thing with us. Why Why is my life going sideways? I I've committed it to the Lord. God wanted you to go down that way. That's right. Amen. God ordained your steps. And it doesn't really at the end of the day, it doesn't matter where your steps go. If he's taken you by the hand and says, "Now we're going." He doesn't let you go. Amen. Amen. But you have to be willing to trust him as he takes you because it's not just a straight highway, 100 miles heaven, right? Straight. No offramps. It's a rugged way. Amen. And it's a walk of faith. You know, if we knew if I knew what was going to happen to me in the next however long we had till the rapture. Do you think Do you think you'd want to know? You'd be scared. You mean I got to face that? I've got to do then this has and I've got to do this. Some of us like I want to know. But you know if we sat Joseph down now Joseph you've had these dreams in a month's time you're going to be a slave in Egypt. Before that your brothers are going to want to kill you but one of them intercedes for you and they sell you. Then this is going to happen. They're going to be in prison and this and you think he'd want to know that. Do you think if you sat Brother Barham down? Now the angel of the Lord is called you know you know I know how how young before he starts out maybe 15 because you know what am I going to do when I grow up okay this is what's going to happen William Brandon uh so you're going to you the Lord's going to call you but you're going to turn down the call to go on the you know field and your wife which is that girl over there by the way and your daughter Sharon Rose is going to die and then this is going to happen and there's going to be a flood and you're going to lose your brother and and your father and all these things and you're going to go to South Africa and you're going to you know all this hardship and you're going to get a neighbors and you're going to die and what you know I mean and all these things going to happen you think he'd want to know that and you think oh do I have to go through those things he had to yeah and then if your life was laid out in front of you think I don't want to do this you know brother saw it's it's so this is not in word for word but he said he said you know he could see a trial coming up and the Lord said you want to bypass it he said no lord He just surrendered himself to the will of God. Because you know, God doesn't just sit there and say, "I'm sick of you lot. I'm going to I'm going to deal with you." That's right. See how you like it. He doesn't. That That's not how he works. He doesn't work that way. He has your best interest in mind. Amen. He has your soul in mind. Amen. It's just like last Sunday I said about why the shepherd breaks the sheep's leg to get its attention. And then brother brother um brother Steven Havvey you know he's a farmer sheep farmer and he says well we don't really understand that in this country but over in the Middle East there were lions and bears and wolves and there's jackals and all kinds of things. If that sheep just strays off it's lunch. Amen. That's why you think well it's pretty drastic but the life of the sheep is preserved. Amen. Amen. And Lord, if if things have to get drastic, I don't want to be dead eternally. That's right. Amen. Amen. Or it's drastic. What's heaven or hell? That's right. And God wants you in heaven. Amen. And it's not his opinion. Oh, yes, they'll get there. Maybe they won't get there. He won't lose one. He won't lose part of himself. Amen. Amen. He can't. Why didn't Adam say to God, "Well, Eve, I mean, you like say to Eve, "Sorry, it didn't work out. How dare you? You cheated on me. How dare you, God? Get rid of it. I want a new one." He couldn't do it. Not because he wasn't another woman upon the earth. Because he had no more feminine part of himself. Remember, because that, remember, Adam was male and female spirit put in a man. And then when Eve was made out of a rib, that feminine part of the spirit was put in the woman. So he didn't have another woman part. Amen. So he and he knew, you know, you know, he says here in Genesis, you are bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh. You shall be called woman because you came out of me. Amen. And so he couldn't lose part of himself. Amen. Amen. Multiply that by 10 billion billion infinities. God can't lose part of himself. Amen. You understand? God can't lose you. He can't. That is one thing God cannot do. He cannot lose one of his own. Amen. And he will not lose one of his own. Amen. But now you just have to have a revelation when you see someone you're praying for. Amen. Remember, I don't want to just pray for people that they become foolish virgins or maybe a friend of the bride. I want people to go on a rapture. Now, God puts people God's grace and mercy is greater than just in and out. Amen. There'll be a lot of people there that you'll think, why is that guy there? But then, you know, if someone's done, you know, God's grace is so amazing. You think you're, you know, I think so. My grandparents, now this is just me. My, my, my mom's parents lived next door to us growing up in Gisbet. They were Catholic. She was Catholic. My my my grandma's Catholic. Granddad, I think he was just didn't care about religion. And my great uncles or his brother lived with them as well. He never married. But they they looked after us when we could not look after ourselves. You understand? So we are the word. We are the word made flesh. Yeah. The bride is the word. Amen. Yeah. So I could say this when just say this is me as a baby. When I could not look after myself, they looked after me. Yeah. They protected me when I could not protect myself. Now I I believe this is me. I believe God will attribute that as righteousness for them because they looked after They didn't understand what they had, but they loved me and looked after me when I could not look after myself. God is not an unjust judge. Amen. And people lived in former ages, God will be God will hold them accountable for what they knew. Amen. Because do you think it's going to be people come to white throne judgment and uh and then God says, "I sent Malachi 4. He was alive when you were alive." what did you do about it? And then the people say, I never heard about it. They say, I don't care. Go to outer darkness. He's not going to do that. No sensible judge would do that. You understand? God will judge those people for what they are faithful to. Yes. Amen. You understand? Amen. Yeah. Because you think because go if God is just, he won't he won't hold it against them. Amen. But I never heard it, Lord. Too bad. He's not going to say too bad. Amen. You understand? Amen. So now, we do not wrestle. So, I'm going to go back. So, I don't know how I went down that rabbit hole, but here we are. We're going down the other end. But you understand God is just. And whatever's happened, like I can't you can't pray, Lord, take my uh lost loved ones and make them saved. Now, you can't do that. They've gone out of your hands. You can't change the past. You just have to rest and walk on with God. That's right. Amen. Don't worry about them. And if you really do worry about them, you say, "Lord, make me one of your bride." Because the bride stands with the groom in judgment. Amen. You want to help them. You understand? Now, forgive me if I'm leaning too far one way, but if you want to help them, you become you say, "Lord, make me in your image. Make me one with you." Amen. Is that okay? Because you can't change the past. Some people say, "It's not fair. Why did this person hear this? And why did this person?" You can't change the past. And Joseph could have gone, "Why did I go to prison? Why was I a slave? Why did this happen?" He couldn't change the past. You got to make peace with your past. Amen. Amen. Legion, you know, Legion, he ended up with thousand odd devils in him. Yeah. But it just started with a little semi- innocent looking thing. Amen. And many times because you see demon possession, sometimes they're normal, sometimes they're not normal because the enemy just comes in, gets a hold and then lets go. Gets a hold because it's just they're a whipping boy. You understand? So sometimes he came to himself. Remember, God gave him grace for him to come to himself when Jesus stepped there. And they came running to the one that could deliver him. Amen. And the Lord cast them out. Amen. But you see, it would have started with such a seemingly innocent thing. Amen. Amen. But Legion, you know, sometimes we look at the negative so much. Why did I have to do this? Why did I go down this way? Why did this happen? Just just don't look at that. Look at Thank you, Lord. I'm free. Amen. You know, if we were all slaves, you know, living in America, whatever more, and then we heard the proclamation of emancipation, now you're free. You just say, "Rejoice. Thank you. I'm free." And you walk out. And you just enjoy your freedom. Let's just enjoy our freedom. Amen. Let's just enjoy our liberty in Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Is that so bad? Oh, but why did I have to do that? God, the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. Amen. And God in his great thinking, you always were what? Were righteous. Remember they that he called, he's also justified. They that he's justified, he's also glorified already. Amen. Amen. You just had to come to realization when the word came your way that he opened up your eyes of understanding. Then you called out to him, but it's already a finished work. It's already a finished work. It's not Lord, he's already saved you. He's already redeemed you. He's already done it. When he said those words, it is finished. He wasn't talking about his earthly life. He said, I've paid the price in full. Now, I'm just going to enjoy 2,000 years of of casting the devil out of every believer's life, and I'm just going to see my victory lived out. Amen. And here we are seeing the victory lived out. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And so now, the weapons of our warfare are not. Okay. So, just just just just anchor it. Now, the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. What's it mean to be ordered? Well, now you're going to walk here. Then you go here and then you're going to go here and then you go here. Your whole walk is arranged. The path you take is all arranged by God. It's ordered. Amen. But you just have to have peace in your heart that God has ordained you to walk this way. Amen. And you could be like Joseph. You could be a slave. You could be like David. You could be on the run in your own kingdom. Amen. You could be like Moses, a runaway prophet on the back side of the desert. You know, you could be like Esther. She's an orphan in a foreign country. And she could think, "Why? Why am I Why am I this way? Why did I not go back?" You know, she was in Morai's house. The Jews had already gone back to rebuild the temple. Yep. They had already gone back, but they stayed in Babylon. And she could think, "Well, why am I here? Why did my parents have to die? Why did our forebears have to fall into idolatry and then God scattered them like he promised? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? I'll tell you why. Because during a time of restoration, when the temple was being rebuilt and Jerusalem was being rebuilt, there had to be a little girl. Amen. Amen. Amen. A little girl and she had to be there in the capital of of of the kingdom. And there be had to be another queen who refused to listen to the king. and she was kicked out. But there had to be someone there that listened that that not only heard the proclamation, the king's looking for a new wife, but she had to step into that. Amen. And she listened to um was it Haggi or whatever his name was? The chamberlman. She had to have something in her that was willing to take what authority said. You following me? She had to be there. She had to have that kind of nature. And she had all those things because she was an orphan. Yeah. Amen. She had all those things because her parents died however way. So she could say, "Why me? Why me? Why me?" But then she came to a place she said, "Why not me? Why not?" Now, amen. You understand? She wasn't just, you know, we have to just her past was her footsteps were ordered. Yeah. Your footsteps are ordered. I'm laboring this because I feel it really needs to sink in a little bit for a few of us. Our footsteps are ordered. Thank you, Lord. Okay. Why did I have to come from South Africa to New Zealand? Your footsteps have been ordered. Amen. Why did my dad have to go to London to to to to find my mom and she's from New Zealand? I moved back down here and here I am. My footsteps have been ordered. Lord, Amen. Why did I have to go down to Christ Church and study and whatever more? My footsteps were ordered. Amen. Why are we in this little place called Wellington? Our footsteps are ordered. Amen. Amen. It is what it is. You got to just accept it for what it is. God's ordained it. Amen. Amen. But now, so we fight against not flesh and blood. Now, it says in in in Ephesians chapter 1, I just want to I want to show you this now just to go back to our heavenly places and then maybe I'll just close with this because I want to show you that the bride is taking her position now. God is placing you. Remember, I was I was so I was so blessed last night just thinking the world was without form and void. Darkness covered the face of the deep. The spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters and he said, "Let there be light." Hallelujah. And then when he had finished speaking, there was the man and the woman. God's over the earth, perfect creation. All because God was speaking. Hallelujah. And God spoken and made this. And amen. And God has spoken in this end time. He's moved over this chaos of the world. He said, "Let there be light." And God has spoken his word upon the earth. And he's taken you a bunch of dust. Amen. And elevated you to be the stars of God in your position. You got to look at what has this message done. Yes. I'm not a slave to sin anymore. I'm not a slave to darkness. But now it's under my feet. Amen. The devil, I'm not the devil's whipping boy. He's a trophy on my wall. Amen. And every other enemy that comes against me. I'm just I just need a bigger trophy room. Thank you, Lord. Honey, we got to renovate. Why is that? I killed this thing. Got killed the other day. Amen, Lord. Hallelujah. It's a big one. Look. Oh, that's big. Hallelujah. Amen. to God. We have trophy walls, friends. Do not be ashamed. People say, "Oh, you shouldn't glorify the past." Sure, don't glorify it, but say, "This is the way I walked. God set me free of this. Remember the same spirits that are the same evil spirits that fought against Adam and Eve, that fought against Israel, that fought against the early church, is fighting you." Amen. the same. You know, I remember being 18, 18, 19. I just thought, "My parents don't understand me." They were in America and some I was in New Zealand. They don't know what I'm going through. They don't understand. But the same spirits of rock and roll and drinking and all these different things that that I was fighting, they had fought. That's right. It just had been rebranded. That's right. You know how you know how companies they go through a rebranding? Oh, because we're changing our image. So it went from the Beatles to whatever more, you know, Rolling Stones. It just it just got rebranded. Amen. Just like that same spirit that's that was on Madonna went on Britney Spears and different artists and now is on whatever the latest That's right. Poor soul is that sold themselves for that thing, you know, and that's why, you know, people say, "Oh, what was a better winger? Is it John Kerwin or whoever?" You can't compare former sports stars to nowadays ones because the ability of the new ones is greater than the ones that was back there because but what happens is you see people see something and they want to become it and the anointing that was on them come upon them. You take, you know how, okay, praise God if you have no idea what I'm talking about, but there was a team called Leicester City in the Premier League in England. Yeah, right. Yeah, they won it this year, I think it was. Or they won some great big title. It was the longest shot from the beginning of the season to the end. They should never have won. It was the longest shot in history. And people are just amazed by it. Do you know why they won? Because at the start of the season, they go to a Buddhist temple and they get prayed for and the spirit in that religion goes upon them and me. That's why they won. It's not a flesh and blood thing. It's documented. I can I'll find the link. I'll send it to you. These Buddhist monks, they you prayed. What what would happen? An anointing came upon those people and they won the premiership. Oh, that's farfetched. No, it's not. Why do you think when people went to war, they'd make a sacrifice to their god and they would and they would pray and the priest or whoever it was or the shaman, whatever, they'd pray for the people before they went into war is because they're calling upon the spirit of their nation to anoint their warriors. Amen. That they do superhuman things in battle. Yeah. Many times they did. Yeah. Right. It's true. But you cannot compare John Alamu with whoever the winger is now or John Kerwin with you see John Kwin he had the fend John Lomu he had the fend the same f amen. Why? Because that same anointing that was upon him went upon John Lomu he was just a bigger stature. That's why he could do it greater. Yeah. That's right. Oh no. Yeah. It's exactly how it is. But because but the anointing has got greater. Yeah. You take the Beatles, these four men in suits. Amen. The anointing they released and look at where it's gone. You take Disney, the Mickey Mouse Club. What's her name? Christina Aguilera, Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears, Miley Cyrus, whatever she was in. Oh, it's Disney. Look at what they've become. Look at what they they all were in the Mickey well Miley Cyrus was Hannah Montana but all the others were in the Mickey Mouse club. Look at what they are now and I feel sorry for them because they're slaves. I'm not condemning them. They're slaves just like we were once slaves too. You see, but the anoint you see and the and the artists have gone worse and worse and worse. That's right. Why? Because the anointing's got greater and greater and greater. Amen. Amen. And so has the church. Amen. We are friends. The devil is defeated. Period. That's right. Amen. He is a bluff. And you've got to look at him as a bluff. Amen. Okay. He's a bluff. He's defeated. That's right. Amen. So when the enemy comes in like a flood, I'll raise up a standard. That's his promise. And what does he does? He anoints his children. Amen. to overcome the challenge of the age. Amen. So, we have what we need. We have the goods. Amen. I was driving home, was it last last night? Night before I said, "Thank you, Lord. The bride has the goods." Amen. Amen. We're not looking for a better weapon. We have the weapon. We're not looking for, you know, some, "Oh, I need a better armor and whatever more." You've got it. Hallelujah. I'm sorry, time's slipping away, but now he says in Ephesians 1, and we'll read verses 1 to three. Wait. Yes. I will keep reading down. Now Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God to the saints which at Ephesus and to the faithful in Christ Jesus. Grace be to you and peace from God our father, pardon me, and from the Lord Jesus Christ. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. Amen. Now this heavenly places is the believer's position in Christ. But then if we go to it is the same word. It is the same word that's used in Ephesians chapter 6 and verse um let's just read verses 10 to 12. Remember the whole armor of God I'm not going to read it but the whole armor of God is combinated in prayer. It's not six things. It's seven. Yeah. It's prayer is the last part of the armor. Okay. And that is often the one that's most neglected. Okay. But he says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and the power of his might." Amen. Just be strong in the Lord and the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that ye may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. And that high places is the same word as heavenly places, which is a realm or an atmosphere, amen, that the believer lives in. So I said once upon a time, Adam and Eve, they operated out of this realm, but then sin came and they're alienated from it. And the devil because it was a coup basically. He took that position. That's why there's the storms. You know, that's why that's why we have the typhoons and all the storms and all these things that we have because once upon a time Adam said, "Peace be still." The second Adam did it. He's demonstrating what the first Adam did. He was God over nature. Amen. And on the on the storm that day on the sea, there was a clash of sea. Who really nature belongs to? Was it 10,000 devils that swore they had drowned Jesus in the boat or or was it the second Adam? And so there was a clash and they're both fighting. And what did Jesus do? He just said, "Peace be still." Amen. Amen. And nature had to obey him because he was the creator. That's right. Do you understand? And it's the same thing with us. That same power. Oh man. That same God is in you. Amen. So, so now Jesus operated out of that realm, heavenly places. Amen. And, and he had dominion over everything and not just everything in this world, but in the next world. And then now there's a people upon the earth that he has to lift up into that same realm. Are you following me? So, once upon a time, we were dust. Amen. Yeah. Once upon a time, we're children of dust. But then God comes upon the scene and now our position in Christ, we have to take our position. But there squatters in the land. Amen. You understand? Just like the promised land. As I said a while ago, there were enemy nations in the land that had no right to be in that promised land. And they had to be driven out. Amen. So that's why you got to cast down Satan. Amen. Amen. We are the people that cast down Satan. You following me? Amen. We are because you have to drive out the inhabitants of your inheritance and you have to take your position. Amen. And we're living in an age, friends, where we're not like in the book of Judges where they couldn't take the whole land. That is not our time. Our time when David comes upon the throne, they take the full expanse of the promised land. They take what Moses said they would inherit. When David comes upon the throne, amen, he is Jesus is our king, is he not? He's the king of saints. Amen. Amen. And he is here present to see that each and every one of us take the full promised land. Amen. Amen. So now it is the believer's position in Christ. So now this word high places, heavenly places. I'll be done soon. I'm about to close. It is it is it means the sky or by expansion heaven as the abode of God or by by implication happiness power eternity or specifically the gospel. Amen. So we're called to take our position. But the devil, you have to cast the devil down. Amen. Because he's a squatter. Remember, he's defeated, but he's a squatter. What is a squatter? A squatter is someone who lives in a place they have no legal right to be. Amen. So if an enemy, if the devil comes into your house, Amen. If the devil comes into your house, maybe through your children or through something else, you got to look that thing in the eyes and say, "Devil, you have no right in my house." Amen. And let perfect love cast it out. But don't live with it. You don't have to live with it. Amen. Amen. Don't make it welcome. And that doesn't mean you read them the right act. Now look here, boy. I'm going to deal with you and you know you listen to me. No. But you have no right to live with it. Perfect love casts out Satan. Amen. Love has to be projected. But that doesn't mean in prayer you just, you know, you just you fight for every inch of ground. Amen. Amen. And just take off Satan's head. Don't play nice with them. Push the button. Push the nuclear button. Amen. Don't go don't fire a pot shot. Just go nuclear on them. You understand? Yeah. Amen. You have to pray. You have the power to loosen the power to bind. Yes, sir. You have the power to loosen the power of the bind. But it's up to you to use that power. Amen. Don't just sit there. Oh, God, help me. Help me. Help me. As I said on Wednesday, Moses Moses prophesied, you see these Egyptians, they're by the Red Sea. He says, you see these Egyptians, you'll no lot. You will not see them anymore after this day. He prophesied it. And then God says to him, "Why? Why are you crying? Speak and move forward." So here he was out of his lips was now, "You see these guys, you won't see them now forever." He's prophesying their doom. And then he But then he's crying to God, "Help us." And God says to him, "Why are you crying? Speak." Amen. Move forward. Amen. Amen. I've ordained you to come down to this place by the Red Sea. Amen. You I told you to come here and you're here. Not only that, but the pillar of fire and everything was was between the enemy and them. Amen. But he got worried. Oh, what are we going to do? Speak and move forward. So, but it's up to you. Remember, the sword is in your hand. The sword is in your mouth. Yo, you have the sword. You have the faith to yield that sword. Remember, the devil doesn't have a weapon. Have you realized this? This is not some sword jewel where he has a weapon, you have a weapon. You actually have to recognize he's disarmed. Amen. Amen. Brother Bam said on Calvary, God broke the back of Satan. Have you ever seen an animal with a broken back? Can they run? Can they jump? Can they say, "I'm going to do all these things? They're squirming on the ground in pain, thrashing about." Yeah, that is Satan. Amen. Our opponent is defeated. You have to cast them down. God wants you to take the sword. Remember, it's not just him to do the battle. God is saying to Satan, you see the You see the sons and daughters of the dust. I'm going to step into them. I'm going to speak my word out of them. Even in these fallen bodies, they'll be victorious over you. Over everything, they're going to be victorious. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And then, and has he not done it? Amen. Have you not seen Have you not seen victory over Satan? Who's seen victory over Satan? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why he wants you. Don't listen to your discouragement. Don't listen to what you see. That's right. Don't listen to what you think is going on. Amen. You look at this. Amen. Oh, but I feel so weak in faith. Forget your feelings. Hallelujah. Brother Brand says, if you have a shadow of the power of God in you, You can basically do all things. A shadow of the power of God. I don't know how you put that on a scale, but that's pretty low. Who's got a shadow? I say, "Praise God. I've got a shadow of the power of God. I can do all things through Christ." Oh, your faith is weak. But I've got faith. Amen. Amen. It's been revealed to me what I am. Amen. Son and daughter of the King. Amen. Not a slave anymore. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You are what you are. Amen. You can't Don't be all bashful. Well, no, I don't feel that way. You know, just like, well, they never said it. But imagine Anelise wakes up one morning. She says, "Daddy, I don't feel like I'm your daughter anymore." Say, "Okay, let's go take a blood test. You don't understand DNA, but we're going to prove that you're my daughter." Amen. You know, and then we Oh, they match. What does that mean? You're I'm your dad. Yeah. Amen. But I don't feel I don't feel like I'm But you are. Doesn't matter what you feel like, honey. You're my daughter. Amen. Amen. I don't feel like I'm a son of Get rid of that. Amen. Satan, because Satan wants to take dominion over you again. Amen. And if he can, he will. That's right. Remember I said in the beginning, he doesn't just throw up a white flag and quit. You've got a battle. You say, "Well, there's so many enemies to fight." I just think of this, you know, like uh Brother Isaac's Hezekiah song. You just think about it. The more enemies there are means you cannot miss one when you swing your weapon. You got to hit something. That's right. It's just easier to do. Goliath was so big. David couldn't miss. Amen. Some people, oh, he's such a giant. David just says, I can't miss that guy. I'm glad he's not some little coyote or something. I can't miss him. His head's too fat. Hallelujah. It just But it's how you look at the enemy. How do you look at him? I think he's just too big to miss. There's so many of them. Well, I'm going to hit something when I swing. I just need to swing. Amen. I'm going to read one thing that I'm going to close. Possessing. I didn't even get into really I wanted to get into No, actually I want to read this. No, I got to get this through. Now we Now our opening No, no. Our opening scripture was thy seed shall possess the gates of thy enemy. Yep. And then now when Rebecca has made her decision that she's going to go to Isaac, they give her this blessing. They said that in blessing. Wait three. Galatians 22:17 I think it is. Yes. That in blessing I'll bless thee and in multip No, that's the wrong scripture. Let's just go to the book of Genesis. Genesis 24:60. And they blessed Rebecca. Now listen to this. And they blessed Rebecca, and said unto her, Thou art our sister. Be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gates of those which hate them, the enemy. Now notice there they do not know God has given that blessing to Abraham. Remember because Isaac is the son of Abraham by default that blessing rests upon him. Amen. But because Rebecca is part of him then by inspiration they blessed her with the same blessing Isaac has. You following me? The same blessing. They remember they did not know Abraham was blessed that way. They're under inspiration sending off their daughter. Let thy seed uh possess the gates of those that hate them. Possess the gates of the enemy. Amen. And it's because now it's because Rebecca was part of Isaac. And when you bless I was just thinking like a baby dedication. Normally when you think of names, you look at the meaning of the name and you name the child with that kind of name because you want the qualities of that name to be lived in the child. Yeah. It's the same thing with the blessing. You're actually asking, "Lord, may what I'm asking be in the child." You following me? So now when they were blessing Rebecca, they were believing that that ability that her seed will possess the gates of the enemy was already in her. You see, because I have characteristics. The only way my children can receive those characteristics is if they receive them from me when it comes to my nature. Because our nature is built in. That's right. Amen. is like I am a product of my parents. I can't help it. I can't change it without the new birth. Hallelujah. Amen. But but they're built in these things. And so when when when they are blessing Rebecca, they are actually asking or seeing that that ability to possess the gates of the enemy is in her because how could it be in her seed if it's not in her? Are you following me? And so if that is the if that is the shadow, how much more the reality? Because remember Isaac is Christ and Rebecca is you. Amen. So when God looks at you, he's saying that there's a there's an ability in you to possess the gates of the enemy. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Because we are the seed of Abraham according to faith. Amen. You understand? So you got something in you to possess the gates. Oh, I need help, Lord. He says, I've already given. You've been born with it. Yeah. Amen. Amen. You don't need to try and work it out. You're born with it. If you've been born again, it's come to life. That means you can possess the gates of anything. Hallelujah. Now, I'll just read this quickly. He says this is in thy seed shall pos um shall possess the gates of his enemy. In 59, you shall possess the gate of every enemy. Amen. Amen. shall not maybe shall. Amen. What does that mean? You you take your position in heavenly places and everything is under your feet. Though it's been 2,000 years ago, God fulfilled his promise. No, sorry. Oh, yes. Though it's been 2,000 years ago, God fulfilled his promise what Jesus said would take place. There's a modern Sodom. There's evangelists throughout the country. There's a church formal. There's a church spiritual. Watch those gifts working and the groups they're working in. God keeps his word. When the little fellow was born, God gave Abraham a double trial to prove that Abraham's seed is faithful. Told him to offer a son up. And you know the story when he went to kill him, there was a lamb bleeded in the wilderness behind him. And he offered the ram. It was a ram. It wasn't a vision. Blood don't run out of it. the blood don't run from a vision. He killed the ram for the ram spoke of Christ coming. Then when God seen that he had a man that he could put confidence in, he said, "I swore by myself. For a man always takes an oath to someone greater than he and no one was greater than God." So he swore by himself that the seed of Abraham would possess the gates of the enemy. Oh my, he swore it. God by himself swore that Abraham's seed would possess the gates of the enemy. Watch how he proved it. Rebecca going to be part of Isaac, which is a part of the seed also by the woman. And when her father and her brothers and her and her mother and her loved ones kindred believing in God um she um and and and she was put to a trial and when it come to the trial, they asked, "Will you go with this stranger or stay with us?" Her decision was quickly made clear-cut. That's the way God makes it fast and quick. I'll go, she said, not knowing where she was going, but by faith she went. And there was something within her begin to move. And she knew that God was in it. And when they set her up on the camel, they blessed her. Said, "Let thy seed be thousands of millions." Thousands of millions. God told Abraham, "Let the stars like like the stars of the heaven or the sand by the seashore." That's bringing in the Gentiles. That's the way the seed of Abraham would be. They also said, "Let thy seed possess the gates of its enemy." God promising through her, through Abraham, that the seed would possess the gate. And it will. As long as there is remaining seed of Abraham, that's speaking of you now. It'll possess the gate with the promise of God like Abraham did. It'll do it. When I when Israel was on the march and came to a land of Moab, there was a gate and they said, "You will not pass through." and they brought out their prophet to curse the people. Instead of cursing, he blessed. They tried to show him all the bad things that this people had done. But God showed him the good things about it. For he'd seen that smitten rock and that brass serpent going before making atonement for them. And instead of cursing, he blessed the seed, and they possessed the land because they were on their road keeping a promise of Jehovah. Nothing could stop them, for they were Abraham's seed with a promise that they'd possess the gate of every enemy. And they took it. Daniel, the seed of Abraham, was thrown into a fiery furnace, or I mean, sorry, or to a lion's den, pardon me. Daniel was thrown into a lion's den to be killed by a lion. And the angel of the Lord came that night and stopped the lion. No doubt it was that great pillar of fire that followed the children of Israel, an animal scared of a light. And when that big light stood there, the lion laid down. And Daniel possessed the gate of his enemy, closed the mouth of the lion, because he had God's promise, and he was Abraham's seed. The Hebrew children, when they was thrown into a fiery furnace, they possessed the gates of the furnace. And the son of God came down and took the fire off of them, and they possessed the gates of their enemy, Elijah. He was also a seed of Abraham. when the whole nation turned against him, the king, the queen, and everyone. Yet, he stood there on Mount Carmel on the promise of God and possessed the gates, the international gates of that country, he did it because he was Abraham's seed with Abra with God's promise. Amen. When Moses, the seed of Abraham, had went on went on a commission of God, keeping God's word, went down into Egypt, brought forth the people to take them to the promised land. The devil drawed a gate across them. There he was, surrounded by Pharaoh's army, backed into the Red Sea. But God caused a strong wind to start blowing. And they possessed the gate of the enemy because he blowed a dry streak across the sea. And they went on towards the promise walking on dry land because they was the seed of Abraham with a sworn promise. Thy seed shall possess the gate of the enemy. when they came out of the wilderness uh to go into Jordan, when God spoke to the famous Joshua and told Joshua to cross over to make the people ready, it was the month of April, a month of floods. The whole Jordan valleys were spread across. Looked like it was a poor strategy of God to bring them to that place. That old muddy Jordan, the worst time in the world when the river was at its highest. Usually God, listen, usually God gets you to the last end of the road, the last mile of the way, then he steps in. If you're a seed of Abraham, believe God and hold his promise for healing, for salvation, for the baptism of the Holy Ghost, whatever it is, whatever whatever enemy is, God lets you get some time right to the end of the road, and it looks worse than it ever did. The doctor said, "You you don't have a chance, but you're the seed of Abraham with a promise that you shall possess the gates of every enemy." Joshua didn't think how wide the Jordan was or how muddy it was. Said, "Gather yourselves together, sanctify yourself, and take the ark of God and go forward." And he possessed the gates of the enemy. Why? Because he was taking a promised people to a promised land by a promise of God and was the children of Abraham. He says that makes a Baptist feel like shouting. Abraham's seed shall pos shall possess the gates of the enemy. Yes, he crossed over the Jordan because they were the seed of Abraham. Amen. And we are the seed of Abraham according to faith. So therefore he see look brother linked it in. Now can we have some musicians to come because otherwise I'll I won't stop. But you see you see because they were the seed of Abraham. That's why they possess the gate of the enemy. You understand? And because we are the bride of Christ, which is the seed of Abraham according to the faith. Amen. We shall possess the gate of every enemy. Amen. Amen. We shall Amen. So it's not you do not do not do not entrust yourself in your humanity. Amen. This is not the seed of Abraham. It's it's this in here that's the seed of Abraham. And this is the thing you need to put confidence in. Amen. Amen. Because if it's in here, how do you know it's in here? You heard the word in your day. Amen. And it spoke to you like nothing else has. Amen. Amen. There's a deep calling to a deep or vice versa, whichever way. But you understand. And it's because of that, that's how you know you're a seed of Abraham. Amen. And then brother Bam says, "You know what conviction is? Sometimes just a funny feeling comes over you." That's how simple it can be. Just a real twinge that you know you're wrong. What's that? That's that seed of Abraham calling. Amen. Amen. I tell you, the day I just let go, I've never looked back. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I'll never regret it for a second. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We shall possess the gates of the enemy. That's right. That's why I say when the enemy comes into your home. Don't put up with them. Don't make him welcome. No. Amen. He tries to afflict you in here. Don't make him welcome. Don't entertain him. Don't give him a chair and a and a and a drink and something to eat. Amen. You take your gun. Oh, remember he's so big. He's You can't miss him. Even when you say car name aim, it's a shotgun. Just just fire in his general direction. Fire it in his general direction. It'll hit its target every time. Amen. This is a record of people taking God at his word and being victorious. Amen. You go from Calvary all the way down to now, there's been a record of people taking God at his word and being victorious. If it worked for them and they are the seed of Abraham, it has to work for us. Amen. Alba, I've been fighting this battle for a long time. Don't worry about how long you've been fighting. Remember, at the end of the day, there's like VE day and and victory over Japan day, all those things. You know, some people think, look at the great sacrifice. But when when when the announcement was sounded that that the enemy had had formally surrendered, they were just shouting and crying and rejoicing. We won the battle. Amen. Then sure, you can bring into account all the sacrifice and everything people gave. But when but when the announcement was sound, we've won. Hallelujah. We've won. Amen. They just rejoice because they won. Amen. Amen. It's the same thing. Oh, this battle's been going on for a long time, but you're on the winning side. Amen. Amen. You shall have the victory over it. Don't bear. It's been decades. So, Moses was was four decades in the wilderness. A long time. Some of us have not even been alive that long. That's right. He was he was four decades in the wilderness. But then one day, God came. Amen. Because he couldn't hide there forever. Amen. God found him there and he was ready to be used. Amen. Amen. And he never went back to that old life anymore. Do you understand? And so it's the same thing with us. Just look at the victory. I'm in a battle. Swing this. I mean, speak it. speak the word, but it's not doing anything. Are you sure? Yeah, that's right. You take you take natural war like in the, you know, the Middle East, how they fight as they as they gain ground, then they gain ground and they're slowly encroaching on the enemy slowly, slowly, slowly, then they make their assault and they take it. That's what they do in in in real battle. If they're not sure if they have the strength just to do an all-out assault because you lose men, they they they encroach, encroach, and they cut off their supplies. They slowly strangle them, then they do their assault. That's how ISIS wins their battles most of the time. Amen. Or or the government taking it back. So you say, "Well, I'm in a battle." But you're making advances, are you not? And the stronger, remember, you just got to take this and say, "Boo, devil." Amen. Amen. You take this, call him a bluff. You get stronger, he gets weaker. Amen. That's right. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Let can we sing that song? Who'd you'd like to stand with me? Amen. Do we have that song? I read the end of the book. You know, I always used to read books this way. I'd read the last chapter. Yeah. And then I'd read the rest of the book. Once upon a time, I was scared of the book of Revelation because I didn't understand it. But then I met him. I still don't understand it, but I recognize there's a new Jerusalem and I'm in the new Jerusalem and there's a devil and he's in a lake of fire. The end. And we lived happily ever after. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. That's the end of the book. You can't change it for the life of you. He can't change it for the life of him. That's why we're here and we're rejoicing. In spite of it all. Amen. You may be going through a terrible time of life. In spite of it all, we can say, "Thank you, Lord." Amen. You're in control. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Do we have the verses? We just got the Okay, it's all right. We got the chorus. Amen. Okay. So, we're going to sing We've Got the Power and then then we'll sing I've got the power cuz you got to make it personal to you. Amen. Amen. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we should not be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. I've got the power. I've got the power. In the name of Jesus, I've got the power. In the name of the Lord, though Satan raes, I shall not be [Music] defeated. I've got the power in the name of the Lord. One more time. I got the power. I've got the power in the name of [Music] Jesus. I've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan [Applause] rages, I will not be defeated. I've got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. I've got the power. In the name of Jesus, I've got the power in the name of the Lord. of Satan rages. I cannot I cannot be defeated. I've got the power in the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I want to sing the song. Um, do you know what it is not to have one guilty feeling? Are you washed in the blood? Do you know what it is? Not Yeah. Cool. Do we have it washed in the blood? Yes. [Music] No. No. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. Do you know what it is not to have one guilty feeling? Amen. Do you know what it is? I'm serious. Do you know what it is not to have one guilty feeling? not to wonder where you're going where you die. Do you know? So, it's like it's not, oh, I hope I'm going to make it. No, you should know. He paid the price. He gave me the ticket and I've got it in my hand and I know where I'm going. Amen. It's not a It's not just a nice idea. It's a reality. When you know, when you know. Amen. Amen. If you don't know, you should talk to him right now and settle it. Amen. Cuz he's present. We I sure hope we have this song. Really? Does everyone know the words? Okay, maybe we'll just If not, I don't know all the words. So, come on. Yeah. Okay. Give me the iPad. I'll find the words. Amen. Yeah, I'll sing it. Oh, don't No, I need Wi-Fi, actually. Wait, you've got the Yeah. Yeah. Give me a Yeah, I'll sing you a But if you know the words, please make me sound good. But that's a question. Do you know what it is not to have one guilty feeling? Yeah. Amen. If you do, you just praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. If you don't, Maybe as I'm trying to find this. Yeah, we're on. Um, let's just sing another song while we're um How can we not have this? Can't find it on the net. Is there a name of the song? No, I don't know. Oh, well, if we can't find it. Are you Are you washed in the blood? Anyway, let's let's sing number 161 and I'll see if I can try and find it. The blood will never lose its power. [Music] number [Music] 161. Okay. The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on Calary. The blood that gives me strength. Today it will never lose its power. For it reaches to the highest [Laughter] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength from day to day ever lose its power. It soothes my doubts and comes my [Music] fears and it dries all my tears. The blood that gives me strength from day to today. It will never lose its power. For it reaches Oh, for it reaches to the highest [Laughter] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength. from day to today. It will never lose it power. Well, verse one again. The blood that Jesus shed for me. Yes, Lord. Oh, way back on [Music] Calary. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it power. For it reaches to the highest [Music] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. [Music] It soothes my doubts and calms my fear. And it dries all my tears. The blood that gives me strength from day to today. It will never lose its power. For it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Hallelujah. Amen. How true that is. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Arman, can you come close in prayer for us, please? [Music] Father, thank you so much Lord for this wonderful day that we here to hear Lord your redemptive love Lord that just brought the sinner like us Lord just to our knees the one day Lord and said Lord we had enough we want to die of our first father that was here on earth Lord our sinful nature and we want to take on your nature Lord Jesus and how we absolutely couldn't do it in our own power Lord or in our own revelation Lord but we had to just come to you Lord and cry ab father Lord Lord I just pray that you'll just be with us this week coming also live every single brother and sister that's here Lord that's going somewhere else Lord be their portion protect them Lord Jesus be with them Lord strengthen them be the water that just washes them, Lord Jesus, and just protect us all, Lord. We just come here to hear from you today, Lord Jesus, because that's where we draw our strength from, Lord. And we just pray that you'll be with us, Lord. Yes, Lord. When we go to the church lunch as well, Lord Jesus, be with us there, Lord. For so many strongholds has been broken in fellowship, Lord Jesus. And that's why we hear one another. Amen. Lord, we just love you. And we just want to say we're just here for you, Lord Jesus. We're the light in this end dark time, Lord. When when the enemy comes in like a flood, Lord, we know that you will raise that standard, Lord Jesus. And so we look up to you this morning, Lord, and ask just be with us. Be our portion, Lord. Lord, forgive us our sins, Lord. We have so many, Lord, and you're the only one that can forgive us. Amen. Give us strength, Lord. Like brother Ben always says, it's not the Christian that falls, but it's the one that stands up, Lord Jesus. Help us up, Lord. would give us your hand, Lord, for you have never left our hand. Lord, just thank you for all the musicians here, Lord. Thank you for our pastor, the ones that hasn't been here, Lord. Our brothers and sisters that's not here, once that's sick and afflicted, Lord, who been tempted and attacked, Lord, we just ask be their portion, Lord. Be with them now while we pray in your presence, Lord Jesus. We love you and we praise your mighty name in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Thank you. Amen. Let's just um let's just close with um I'm amazed that you love me. Amen. Just as we go. Let's start with the chorus, shall we? I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. No one knew how alone I was feeling. And the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Oh, I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears. I cried. Then one day, someone told me of your [Music] mercy and the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. There you purchased my redemption. When you broke sin's power and set my spirit free, I'm amazed. Hallelujah. That you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardoned and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. There have been days when I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned that love's stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Other friends could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever [Music] need. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon. Oh yes, Lord. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. I'm amazed. Oh yes, Lord. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood. I found pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. I believe that you love me. I believe that you care through your preious blood I found pardoned and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. God bless you, friends. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Glory again. [Music] [Music] Doo lift the door. [Music] What are you doing? [Music] Hello. Wow. [Music] No. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music]
