################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-11-23 - 16 1123 When Faith is Challenged - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-11-23
Title:   16 1123 When Faith is Challenged
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovEEDq45QZ4
========================================

that I could ever dream. I delight myself in him. Delight yourself in him. Delight yourself in the Lord, the person and the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord. As I delight, As I delight myself in him, every battle I fight, I win. As I delight myself in him, every battle I win. As I delight, As I delight myself in him, every battle I fight, I win. As I delight myself in him, every battle I win. Delight yourself in the Lord, the person and the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord. Delight yourself. Delight yourself in the Lord, the person and the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord. Delight yourself in the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. There was a small not a dispute but some of us thought that second line was the person at the center of our faith and then some of us thought it was the person and the center of our faith but they both mean the same thing. It's Jesus Christ which is the center of our life that we delight in. Amen. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It was good for Paul and Silus. It was good for Paul and Silus. It was good for Paul and Silus. And it's good enough for me. Makes me love everybody. Makes me love everybody. Makes me love everybody. And it's good enough for me. It will take us all to heaven. It will take us all to heaven. It will take us all to heaven. And it's good enough for me. It will make you stop your life. It will save you when you're dying. It will start the devil flying. And it's good enough for me. It's the old time Holy Spirit and the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. And it's good enough for me. It's so good I want no other for it makes me love my brother and it brings things from undercover and it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It was good for Paul and Silas. It was good for Paul and Silas. It was good for Paul and Silas. It's good enough for me. Makes me love everybody. Makes me love everybody. makes me love everybody and it's good enough for me. It will take us all to heaven. It will take us all to heaven. It will take us all to heaven. It's good enough for me. It will make me stop your lying. It will save you when you're dying. It will start the devil flying. man is good enough for me. It's the old time Holy Spirit and the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. But it's good enough for me. It's so good I want no other. For it makes me love my brother and it brings things from undercover and it's good enough for me. Amen. Praise the Lord. That old time religion. I saw a um an artic clip about the um channel one have a breakfast show. Probably don't watch it, but they have a breakfast show and they had a panel there and they were discussing about um what's the guy in South Oakland that he has the big church and you know he often comes out with he's a bit like a Yeah. Yeah. So, so he, so after the earthquakes, he said, "Look, this is God's judgment. This is the beginning of God's judgment because of the homosexuality in the country." Of course, that there was outrage that he'd even think about such thing. And they gathered this panel to to talk about it. And um the the people were one of the guys was saying, "Oh, that's such 16th century archaic thinking to we don't think like that anymore." But one of the sadder things was there was a there's a girl you would know who she is but she's kind of left the message and she was she was on the panel and so she was starting to talk about how yeah I was brought up in this sort of thing that thinks all that and talking about us but the these people are caught up in in just man's idea but God hasn't actually changed and whether you think it or Not the world is going to go on the way God decided that it's going to go on into judgment because he hasn't changed his mind on the situation. Sin is still sin regardless of what we think. And and these people feel they think they're good by going with the the thought of the day and dismissing it all as old-fashioned 16th century. And they're all they don't have enough courage to stand up for anything. So they're all just going with it. And and these guys were so weak. This one particular guy was so weak, he just had to say what would appease the listeners and all the people on the panel. But we we'll all answer for that one day for what we did with Jesus and what we did with his word. That's it's fun and games and means nothing now, but one day it will. But I'm so glad that we can still have that old time religion. Amen. It's so good. I want no other. Amen. We can have that. And and that's what we God hasn't changed. I'm the Lord and I change not. He hasn't changed and his his mind on situations has not changed. Amen. His first decision is the best decision. And he doesn't change. We change. God doesn't. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing um let's just sing a few worship songs now. Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. All I want to see is Jesus. Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold near will lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds and every prayet on my knees will lay before the holy consuming fire. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. Oh, I know the time is near with everything that I hold near. Lay before the holy ste. Words of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lame will lay before the holy sue me. And all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. And hear him say, hear him say, "Well done, My precious one. Well done. Well done, my faithful. and hear him say. And hear him say, "Well done, my precious one. Well done. Well done, my faithful But all I want to see, all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. All I want to see, but all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shining through me. You come into my heart. You break down every wall. You take me as I am. And you take even more. You break my heart of stone. Make me see your holy word. Take every bit of me so I'll see even more. Oh holy one, take me. Oh holy one, never leave me. Oh holy one, take me. Oh holy one, as a bride to thee, I'll sing the songs of redemption, love songs for my savior. With humble admiration, I will sing your name. Shine your love around me and fill me with your glory. Bring me to that place and set me free. Your grace is ever more and you pour it unto me. Undeservedly I come to kneel at your feet. You look into my eyes and say child arise. Come stand here by my side. Take your place next to the throne. Oh holy one, take me. Oh holy one, never leave me. Oh holy one, take me. You are a toe. I'll sing the songs of redemption songs for myior humble adoration. I will sing. Shine your love around me and fill me with your glory. Bring me to that place and set me free. Bring me to that place that set me free. I'll sing the song. I'll sing the song of redemption. The songs for my savior. With humble operation, I will sing your name. Shine your love around me. Fill me with your glory. I'll sing a song. I'll sing the song of red. Full adoration I will sing your name. Shine your love around me. Fill me with your glory and bring me to that place and set me free. Bring me to that place and set me free. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads together. Word of prayer, shall we? Gracious Father, how thankful we are, Lord, one more time. We can be gathered. Hallelujah. Lord, it's so good to see brothers and sisters of like precious faith. Thank you, Lord. Lord, that we have all things in common. Doesn't matter where we're from or even our age. Lord, if we if we've been baptized with your Holy Spirit, Lord, sealed into your kingdom, Lord. We have all things in common. We thank you for that, Lord. So glad we can look at one another and say, "Hello, brother. Hello, sister." Amen. Father, what great fellowship we have and love divine. Hallelujah. Father, we just want to give you praise for this. Just this moment we can be gathered and just pray that you'll just open your word to us one more time. Yes, Lord. Father, just encourage us along the way. Yes, Lord. And Lord, just be with us, Lord, as we open the pages of your Bible, Lord. We know anyone can open the word, but Father, and to even read the words. But it takes you, the author, to come and really speak what your word says. Lord, Lord, as you said to every age, to he that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit says to the church. We greatly desire you would speak to us tonight, Lord. Speak to all of us, Lord, especially me, oh God. Lord, may you grant it for your glory, Lord. Be those who are sick among us, Lord. Who those who are away, be their portion, Lord, go over through the internet, Lord. We know you're not God just in these four walls. That's right, Lord. Church really is the smaller part of the walk, Lord. It's an individual affair, Father, between you and your children. We thank you for that, Father, to just be where your children are, I pray. Bless them and draw them closer to you. Father, I want to commit this time into your hands, Lord. I just want to get myself out of the way that you can do what you want done in this service. may grant it for your glory, please. In Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. Amen. Thank you. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's good to be here tonight. Um Amen. God bless you all. Um if you if you got your Bibles handy, let's just turn to I want to go to Romans uh chapter 10. Read from verse four. So Romans 10:4. It says, "For Christ is the end of the law, for righteousness to everyone that believeth. For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, that the man which doeth those things shall live by them. But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, say not thine heart, who shall ascend into heaven, that is to bring Christ down from above? Or who shall descend into the deep, that is to bring Christ up again from the dead? But what saith that the word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart, that is the word of faith which we preach, that if thou will confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and believe in thine heart, that God has raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Amen. For with the heart man believeth under righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the scripture saith, whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek, for the same Lord overall is rich unto them that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. How then shall we call on him in whom we have not believed? How shall we believe in him who we have not heard? And how shall we hear without a preacher? And how shall we preach except we be sent? has written, "How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace and bring glad tidings of good things." Amen. Let's just go to First Samuel. I want to read a couple of just a couple of verses. I know it's um very familiar piece of scripture here in in um 1st Samuel 17. And then we read from verse 24. This is Oh, we'll read verse 23 rather of of 1st Samuel 17. And as he talked with them, behold, there came up the champion, the Philistine of Gath Goliath, by name out of the armies of the Philistines, and spake according to the same words. And David heard them. And all the men of Israel when they saw the man fled from him and was sore afraid. And the men of Israel said, "Have ye seen this man that has come up? Surely to defy Israel is he come up? And it shall be that the man uh that the man who kleth him, the king will enrich him with great riches, and will give him his daughter, and make his father's house free in Israel." And David spake to the men that stood by, saying, "What shall be done to the man that kleth this Philistine and taketh away the reproach from Israel?" And who for who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he should defy the armies of the living God? And the people answered him after this manner, saying, "So shall it be done to the man that kleth him." And Ilab his eldest brother spake uh heard when he spake unto the men. And Ilab's anger was kindled against David. And he said, Why comest thou down hither? And with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wilderness? I know thy pride and thy naughtiness of thine heart, for thou art come down, that thou mayest see the battle. And David said, What have I now done, and is there not a cause? And he turned from him toward another, and spake after the same manner, and the people answered him again after the former manner. Amen. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. Um, brother Andy, can you check that the that the hangout's still going? Cuz Mu is asking if it if it's if it's dropped out or not. I'd like to I'd like to just speak briefly on uh when when faith is challenged. You know, we we understand that God God anoints his children to overcome every obstacle. We've seen it. You see it all the way from Genesis down through to the book of Revelation where where the enemy lays out his challenge and God just happens to have a have a child of his in the right moment in the right time to hear the challenge. And we understand that it is not the the believer that is that is really it's not their humanity meeting the challenge but it is the God in them that meets the challenge. And we we see that every time, you know, we we just read there the illustration of of David and Goliath, but we understand that David, he wasn't just a shepherd boy, even though he looked like a shepherd boy. He wasn't just the youngest boy in the family, though he was those things. He was anointed king over Israel. He was made to be king. You know, God told Samuel, "I have a king in Jesse's house." Amen. And Samuel was led down to Jesse's house because David was there. David didn't know he was king, but in him was to be the king. In him would become he had become a man that God would attribute Christ as the son of David. You know, and God would say this is a man after my own heart. And but you see David, you know, David's life was full of challenge. Amen. But he faith was there that whenever the challenge came his way that faith rose to the battlefront and however it manifested the conclusion was the enemy was defeated. Amen. Amen. Even if it was a bear or a lion, you know, I've seen I've seen hunting videos of of men in in in Africa with these big cannons and they try and hunt down these lions and and there's about four or five of them with these big guns and this lion's many times a lion nearly takes out one of them charging at them. And David was lions back then are the lions today. Same same animal. And but here was a here was a little boy with a slingshot and a little knife and a staff. And and whenever that you know that lion came in to try to take one of the sheep, you know, God anointed David and that lion was dead and David was alive. And then a bigger challenge came his way which was a bear. And the conclusion was the same. And so David, David in his in his in his youth there, he had a revelation that it didn't matter what came against him, it'll be defeated. And that's why he would go to King Saul and he said to King Saul, "God delivered a lion into my hands. He delivered a bear into my hands. This uncircumcised Philistine will be exactly like them." So he put all the enemies on the same category, the same. It didn't matter what they looked like. He knew that God, the God that that that was in him or with him could overcome every obstacle. Hallelujah. And that was the same way all the way down from there till when he died and he passed the kingship over to Solomon. Every enemy that came against him ended up the same way. Amen. Right? Because faith was challenged. It wasn't David being challenged. It was his faith being challenged. And because you got to go because we must understand that that real faith faith that the Bible speaks about is not human faith. It is a revealed faith. And a revealed faith is a you know what the conclusion is going to be. That's right. You may not know how it's going to be, but you know it's going to be. But human faith is is actually really I hope it's all going to be all right. You know, brother Brown preaching a sermon, the works is works as faith expressed. He said about the rest of the soldiers there, you know, that heard Goliath's challenge, he said they knew it could be done. They knew it could be done mentally, but David knew it could be done in his heart. Amen. And and it was actually the challenge of the enemy that really anointed David's faith to to to overcome that enemy. Amen. It wasn't his own ability. It was the devil's it was Goliath's boast at David which really brought David, the David out of David. Hallelujah. Amen. It really brought the champion of Israel to the forefront. And it's the same thing even today is that that whenever the enemy comes in like a flood, the scripture tells us the Lord will raise up a standard. And we know that that standard is not a flag waved in the air or some kind of billboard, but it is the anointing of God coming upon his children. And whatever the enemy is, the anointing of God that's in the believer is more than able to overcome. Amen. Hallelujah. We understand it may be a split second, you know, just like the, you know, the battle between David and Goliath was over before it even started. But sometimes, you know, sometimes the battle can go for years like Joshua placing the people in the land. It was more than just a month. It was about four odd years of campaigning and and being led, being sensitive as God moved and, you know, following the leadership of the Holy Spirit. But the outcome was the same. Thank you, Lord. Joshua's commission was fulfilled in his life and it was the not the natural ability of Israel that gave them the land. Remember God said that they were greater and mightier nations than them. And it was it was them walking according to the word gave them the victory. Amen. And brother Brandham tells us he says he says the Bible is the road map to God's power. Amen. Amen. If you take God at his word in faith, you have access to the power of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, it's like healing. The reason that healing works is not just because by his stripes, we were healed, but because we take God at his word and we have faith in something that has been tested, tried and true, and God meets us according to our faith and people get healed. Or salvation or deliverance or whatever it may be. You take God at his word and he will perform according to his word because God God is his word. That's right. Amen. And so now when faith is challenged, the believer always steps to the occasion. And you got to remember that it doesn't matter what you may be facing. Abraham faced 25 years. That's right. and he had to bear the reproach and he had to separate from his family and he had to do a lot of incredible, you know, he had to move to a place he never heard about before and and and he even allowed Lot to take the better place of the land and he and he and he went to the worst place of the land and he had to wait in that kind of condition. But he kept his eyes on the promise. Hallelujah. Just like David, David knew he was anointed king. Yeah, that's right. He knew that God was going to place him on the throne. And so his whole life was conducted with that confidence. that what God said he would do was going to happen. He wasn't like Saul. Saul was anointed by the same prophet with no doubt the same same oil that would have been made according to the word because they had a way of making anointing oil. But they but Saul governed his whole kingship by fear. The first battle he called Israel too. He took a was it a bullock or a calf and he and he separated to the pieces and he sent it to the four corners of Israel and said you'll be like this if you don't come and and fear gripped the people and they came and they fought and they and they won the victory but he all he you know it was fear was his how he controlled the people and he was afraid you know he was afraid of of David when they begin to sing you know Saul's killed killed thousands but David 10 thousands and you know he was operating through fear But you see, David wasn't that way. You see it with, you know, David knew, David knew that Saul had been anointed king. And even though David basically God had already rejected Saul, he said to Samuel, "Why are you so sad? Go house. I have a king there." You know, how long are you going to weep over Saul? And so David knew he had been made king, but he knew at the right time Saul would be taken out of the way. Yeah. And he even he even had the opportunity, we know, twice, to kill Saul, right? But I believe the reason that that um so but David knew that even though he could have done it, he knew God would do it at the right time. And I believe he because he had a servant with him on both occasions and he was trying to I believe teach that servant a valuable lesson. Yes. That whatever God has put in place in the right season, God will take it away. Yes. and that you don't need to actually lay your hand against it. God will do it. Amen. Thank you, Lord. You have to have confidence because David, remember Solomon, why did Solomon Solom well, especially Solomon's son, why did he fail and lose most of the kingdom? Because he didn't have the character. He wasn't in the wilderness like David. He wasn't on the run like David. He didn't have to depend upon God like David did because here he was, he had a great empire. He had a big ivory u throne and all the you know incredible things he had he didn't have the character. That's right. But David, God molded David in such a way. You know, brother Bram says these great deserts of experience where men are molded into saints. He says, "How we thank the thee for them, oh Lord." And you can see it all the way through the Bible. Moses was molded that way. You know, Joshua was molded that way, too. He was a slave in Egypt. He didn't have it easy. No. And he was there in the wilderness and he was there with Moses. He was his minister, you know, following him and all these things. And but he he prepared him in such a way. And it's so vital that we do not make the mistakes of those generations that didn't have the character, right? Because real character. You say, "Well, I don't know if I'm there." Just depend upon God. Amen. That's right. Amen. Do not depend upon the arm of flesh. Do not lean upon the arm of flesh. Depend upon God. Yes. Because David just depended upon God for his whole journey to the throne. And even when he neglected his father fatherhood duties over his sons and his family, you know, with Abselon, all those things that happened because he was he was still God's anointed king, he actually and even though he pretty much shunned his responsibility, you know, ran away as a fugitive, God took care of Abselon. Amen. And then he's back on the throne again. But it's when faith When when faith is challenged. Amen. That's right. Moses Moses before the burning bush had intellectual faith. His mother told him he was the deliverer. He believed he was the man for the job. And that's why that's why he killed the Egyptian. And he, you know, and then the next day, you know, two of his Hebrew brothers were fighting. He says, "Why are you fighting?" He's trying to he said, "You going to kill us like the Egyptian soldier?" And he and he tried to do that cuz he because he was trained as a military man. and his race in the palace. Those days the generals of the army were the princes and the kings. And so he but so he knew now maybe this is the season for me to you know deliver my people. But it was an intellectual understanding. But then God had to strip all that out of him for 40 years in the wilderness. And then finally there in the presence of the burning bush he knew more about God than he did that whole 80 years of his life. And he went and he didn't have an army. He was 80 years old. He didn't have physical strength, but he went through customs there in Egypt. They said, "What's the purpose of your visit?" He filled out the card to take over and he hands it in, gets his passport stamp. And the thing is, he did it. Hallelujah. Here's a man with an old stick, you know, you know, young and you know, with his wife on the donkey going through customs and he took over, you know, he invaded and he and his mission was accomplished. Amen. Because before he knew it could be done, but the burning bush he knew it could be done. Hallelujah. Amen. And then when the And then when Pharaoh's heart was being hardened, says, "We'll not let your people go and put the burden in the greater away upon him." Faith rose to the occasion. Amen. And then so so Moses just well, God through Moses just kept plaguing Egypt and plaguing Egypt and putting pressure on, putting pressure on. Then eventually Pharaoh just had to let them go, right? Amen. Amen. You have to be the same way. Yes, sir. If you know it's going to be done. Amen. Yeah. You're looking at me. If you know it's going to be done, you can put pressure on. Keep praying. Keep lifting before God. God will stir the nest. God will fight your battle. God will make it terrible for the opposition. We don't wrestle against flesh and blood. We understand that. But but you know what I mean. And then eventually the devil has to give it just just give up. Hallelujah. G. Amen. Because remember Moses Moses as a type was the serpent bruiser that was prophesied in Eden. Amen. Amen. In type he was the deliverer. And and the reason that he had that stick and I know I've said it many times but I trust it sinks in a little bit deeper. Remember the the the the thing on the Pharaoh's crown? There was there's like two cobras on his crown. And so the king cobra was the emblem of Egypt of the pharaoh. Then say here comes Moses with a staff. He says, "Let my people go." Oh, Aaron's got the staff. He says, "Throw it down." Because remember, God Moses was God to the people and Aaron was his prophet. So, he said, "Throw the throw the staff down." He throws it down, turns into a snake. I believe was a cobra. This is just me. And then the magicians say, "Well, we can do that, too." They throw their staffs down, they turn into snakes, and then Moses' rod eats the others. And then, and he just picks them up. Picks them up by the tail. And now it's a staff again. Amen. What's God telling What's Moses telling Satan? Yeah. cuz it wasn't remember normal normal man would you know man in his right mind is actually reasonable really but Satan gets in there and he wants to dominate he wants to crush he wants to keep things under control and it was really Satan in in Pharaoh causing his heart to be hardened but Moses was really declaring God was declaring I can loose you I can bind you I can loose you. I can bind you. I can loose you. I can bind you. I can do what I want when I want. That's right. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Now, hallelujah. You have to remember that was in shadow under the blood of bulls and goats. You know, Brother Bram said about, you know, all the plagues and everything. He said, "Now, if that was done under the blood of bulls and goats, how much more are people by the blood of Jesus Christ?" Hallelujah. He says, "Now we'd really have a sermon. Thank you, Lord." Amen. If that's just under a shadow, how much more a reality? That's right. Amen. And then so so our Lord Jesus he was he was the reality of the serpent bruiser the seed of the woman or bruise the head of the seed of the serpent says in says in Genesis there the first promise to the devil and to Adam's fallen race and there he was and he had dominion over nature had dominion over death over sickness hell death and the grave hallelujah he conquered everything he says you have the power to loose and the power to bind to Peter he said what you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. What you'll loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. That's right. Hallelujah. And that wasn't just to the apostles. It's to the believer. Because you got to understand that Christ and his bride are one. So everything the husband is, the woman becomes, the wife becomes by his grace. So if he was a serpent bruiser, she's a serpent bruiser. Amen. Amen. If he has dominion over Satan, she sure does have dominion over Satan. Amen. Hallelujah. So we are a generation of serpent bruisers. Amen. You've got to understand that the now this is not up here somewhere. Amen. You can pray in such a way that God comes upon the scene. That's why I say never give up. Never surrender. That's right. Amen. Just keep lifting it before the Lord. Because if you know, you know, you see in your see in the scripture it says th and thy seed will be there. Promise of the Old Testament. Amen. Amen. Husband and wife are made one flesh. Thank you, Lord. Oh, my husband's gone off somewhere or the, you know, he's not on the same page spiritually as me. It's a promise in the word. Amen. If Abraham can claim, if Abraham can claim his nephew, not even a like close brother, close blood relative, how much more when you claim your family, right? Hallelujah. Is that right? He went after his nephew under the blood of bulls and goats with a natural army. And he was the father of the faith. We're the children of the faith. I believe it. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we have a right, you know, if it's in the word, if the promise is in the word, take God at his word. Amen. You say, "I've never seen it done before, but it's in the word." Amen. Amen. Why did you know, you know, just like my precious wife never seen anyone? I mean, you never seen speaking in tongues before. So, you heard what God did 20 odd years ago. You know, I want to see God alive today. What happened? God was alive today. Amen. Saw the power of God move. Saw the pillar of fire in in meetings and so on. changed your life. Amen. Why? Cuz it's in the scripture. That's right. And he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Oh, amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So, if it's in here, you say, "Lord, give me faith that it's not I know it's cool or I know it's right. I know it's right." Amen. Amen. When faith is challenged. So Moses Moses overcame the challenge, you know, of his day when he walked according to the spirit of God in him. And you can take that all the way down through the scripture where when the enemy comes and like a flood, I'll raise up a standard. We have the right We have the right friends to take God at his word. You got to understand it's faith is subconscious. Faith is not a conscious thing. Faith is not something you got to work out. It just lives. But the enemy tries to bring us down to a natural level. Why do you think there's so much, you know, you see you're like brother Barmy, you know, he gives a story. Remember brother Brown before he became a Christian was a boxer. He's a professional boxer. Then you know that meeting in Oregon where that big massive guy, demonpossessed guy comes up on the platform and he already punched out a few preachers before that and he says to him, "I'll tear you limb from limb, right?" And he spits on his face and does all the, you know, curses him and all these different things cuz he's trying to get him back into a natural level cuz he's a boxer. He's trained. But what happened was, but he didn't allow himself to get dragged down into that level. And he said, "Because you've challenged the spirit of God, you'll fall down at my feet." Then the man said, "I'll show you who's who's going to fall over whose feet and went to go sock one. He fell over and he fell down at his feet." And the police had to drag him off. He was, you know, he was up um unconscious because he didn't allow himself. And that and that's why the enemy tries to get into your face and get abusive and get aggressive and get emotional about things. Yeah. Why is that? Because he's trying to drag you down to his level. Because if you walk according to the flesh, then then the Lord cannot operate. That's right. But if you can stay in a spiritual realm, Amen. Amen. Just keep praying in your heart and know this is not that person talking to you. This is the enemy talking to you. And if you can identify it in such a way, then you can really say, well, this person is just a prisoner to that spirit. Amen. And then you can really help them. We have the right. We have, as I said, faith faith is a subconscious thing. David didn't have to work out if he could beat Goliath. He knew it could be done. Amen. When he heard the the the challenge come out of his lips, something just happened to him, saying, "I'm going to kill this guy, right? I'm going to deal with this man. And that's exactly what happened. Caleb and Joshua were like the rest of the slaves that came out of Egypt. They knew what it was like to be beaten. They knew what it was like to work from dust till dawn or dawn till dusk, whichever one. I don't know if they did night shift in those days. But you know, they he knew what it was like. But when the word of God came through Moses, something happened in them saying, "I have a land." Hallelujah. I have an inheritance in this land. I'm going to we're going to the promised land. I'm going to be in my inheritance. I'm going to enjoy my inheritance. What was promised to Abraham that that we're going to go into our inheritance again after 400 years. We're going to be in that land and something and it wasn't just we think it can be done. It was a yes, I know it can be done because when the trial of everyone's faith came into being. See, they never really doubted when when Moses was doing everything. But then they came to Kadesh Bar and the spies went out. Caleb and Joshua were two of those spies and they just would no doubt they would have enjoyed going up and down the land. I wonder if I'm going to have my house there and I like a bit of a rolling hill. I'm going to, you know, you know, they would have, oh, I want this vineyard. And Caleb would have said, I I want this mountain. Amen. There's giants on it, but we don't care about the giants. It's my land. Hallelujah. Amen. But the other the other spies saw the same land. They saw the same enemies. They saw the same cities, but they brought back an evil report. Why? Because they knew it could be done, but they didn't knew it know it could be done. Caleb and Joshua knew it could be done in here. So, they knew it was already theirs. They just had to go get it. That's right. Hallelujah. Amen. And so, you see, Caleb Caleb never had a didn't have a ministry like Joshua. There's no record of any supernatural thing happening to him in that way, like a visitation of the angel of the Lord or anything. But he had the same faith Joshua had. He's just a different part of the body. And he said, "It's for me. I want my mountain." And that mountain was a resurrection mountain. If you go look in the scripture, hallelujah. So he it was revealed to him, faith came to the forefront. He says, "Give me my mountain." Amen. Yeah. No doubt. No doubt. When he saw those giants because I don't know if you've ever experienced, but when the enemy comes in, something just happens to the believer. Amen. And you know the enemy is going to going to go down. Yes, it may not be today or tomorrow, but you know this this devil's going to be a trophy on my wall and it's going to be a foregone conclusion. And there would have been something happened to him when he saw the enemy saying, "Sure, the the cities are big." You know, something would have risen up in his heart cuz now he was seeing he was seeing his inheritance, but then he was seeing the squatters on his inheritance. And when you see a squatter on some land that's yours, the first thing you do is get out of here. And if you don't go, I'm going to make you go. Amen. And then if you need backup, you get the government to come in and deal with them. And it's like the believer, we have all of heaven is behind the believer. Amen. You have every believer is the ambassador. Amen. Of heaven itself. Because every country, the ambassador, the country backs up the ambassador. Amen. And we happen to be the ambassadors of heaven. Amen. So we have a right. I trust. That's why never look at never look at the circumstance. Oh, this has been going on. Abraham's body was dead for 25 years. But he staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong giving praise. This is the commentary of his life. Sure, they, you know, if you read the Old Testament, they backslid a couple of times, left the land, all different kinds of things. But at the end of the day, his faith was stronger than those things. Amen. His faith was stronger than those things. And they received the promised son. He had to believe like you have to believe. It's not, you know, the heroes of faith in this Bible, it wasn't just given to him on a silver platter. They were like, it's like it says about Elijah, he was a man of like passions like we are. They're all people like us. Yeah. Amen. They all had the same burdens and troubles and whatever more, but their faith was ignited. Amen. Amen. And when the enemy came against them, their faith overcame that enemy. That's right. Like you see the apostles, you know, they came and they were beaten and they were let go and they rejoiced. We're so thankful that we're worthy, count of we to to suffer, you know, for our Lord's sake. And then they were put in prison and and and God opened the prison up and amen, you know, then, you know, and then they then they had a prayer meeting and God God came down and shook the place and gave them boldness to preach. Amen. because their faith was greater than the complexes and the fear that the government was trying to put upon them because it wasn't them that was doing the work. It was God in them. Amen. And they knew all they needed was just to let go of their fear and the what could be and the because you know when someone threatens you in our humanity it's intimidating because they knew what they saw what they did to their Lord and Savior, they do the same to them. And there was no there was no um fair justice or anything. They hatch up some false witnesses. They'll be killed, you know, just like their Lord. But something was in there. And they knew that God, if the enemy tries to put a doubt or a fear or complex on a believer, the believer knows God can break those things. Amen. And that's why when they had the prayer meeting came and shook the place, gave them boldness, they went out onto the street with more ferency and and faith than ever before. Amen. Hallelujah. And they overcame. The same God there is here. The same God in them is in you. Amen. Amen. The same one, not a different one, not a less powerful one, the same one. That's right. Amen. We have the faith that was once delivered to the saints. So now and that's like Timothy. Timothy was told by Paul to stir up the gift that's within me because now he's he's instructing Timothy in these things and and he was told to endure hardness as a soldier because no doubt things had happened in Timothy's life that had that had maybe kind of not made him go into unbelief or backslide but kind of diminish his his uh ferveny to do the work of evangelist. Yeah. Amen. Because the devil can try and if he if he can't derail you off into lies, he'll try and bind you in some way that you try and you're in fear. Yeah, that's true. Amen. And so Timothy was told to stir up the gift that's within me. Amen. So that gift is faith. It's not just a preaching gift. Every believer has a gift. And that gift really ultimately is your faith in the word. Thank you, Lord. Amen. So he's told to stir up that gift. And if he stirred up that gift, it would break the oppression that was put on him by whatever happened to him. Amen. Amen. That's why he was told stir up the gift. And it's the same thing with us. It didn't mean Timothy was in unbelief or he backslid or something was wrong with his walk in that way, but the enemy just tried to derail because remember Paul endured a lot of things. That's true. You know, there's a list somewhere. I think it's in second Corinthians chapter 4. I guarantee you none of none of you have. Especially I put myself here. I've endured earthquakes. Delayed flights, volcanoes closing airports, but nothing like this, you know. So, and those things are just anyway, but you know what I mean. Now, I might be in the wrong. Anyway, but he says, you know, I've been I've been shipwrecked. I've been beaten. I've received 40 odd stripes. I've been robbed. I've been destitute. You know, he says to was it Timothy or Titus? Can't remember which one. Bring my bring my other coat. You know, you know, he was he could have been a very rich man, but he was a very poor man. He suffered a lot of things. You know, he it was not a flower bed of visa for him. But whenever and he didn't probably no doubt he did not understand why was he shipwrecked or why was he robbed or you know all these different things he didn't understand. It's not like it happened. Then the Lord came down and says this is why this is why this is why. He just had to keep walking in faith. That's right. Amen. Amen. And so he knew what it was like to go down a rugged way. Yeah. Yeah. And because Paul because even as he said that we would know him in the likeness, you know, in the power of his resurrection and the likeness of his sufferings. So Paul had a rugged road and his life is actually the pattern for every true minister that's down through the ages. Amen. Amen. Preach the truth, you know, we'll, you know, we'll not will not bow to money, woman, or popularity or, you know, all those different things. you know, we'll we'll produce Christ in the people, you know, all those things. But see, but he did not allow those things to affect them. Why? Because he knew his faith. Remember, it was revealed to him, you must go to Rome. You got to be a chess unto me to take my word to the Gentiles. All these different things. So, it was revealed to him these things had to happen. And then when it came down to the point where they were sharpening the ax, no, no, I think it was a sword in those days. Roman citizens were were beheaded with a sword. You know, when that was all happening, he says, "Well, I fought a good fight. I've ran my race. There's a crown of life awaiting for me." So, it didn't get him down, you know. Oh, this is the end. He says, "Well, I'm done. Yeah. I'm finished. It's not because I'm washed up. It's because I've I've I've lived out my portion of the word that was allotted. Dispensation. The gospel was committed to me," Paul says. And he and he gave that dispensation, you know, and then now he's done. And he passed the torch on to someone else, you know, the minister ministers that were risen up um under him. He passed the same Pentecostal flame into them. Yes. And it was done. But he could, but every challenge that he had, it's just like he's bitten by the was it ASP or something out, you know, he's shipwrecked. He survives the shipwreck. He's there collecting wood, you know, for the fire. Then a snake comes out and bites him. What does he do? He doesn't start running around screaming. He just There's the fire. There you go, serpent. That's where you're going to belong. Satan, this is just a for, you know, this is just a shadow of really you you're going to burn in the lake of fire. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. And he just walked on. And the people thought, well, he must have been a terrible crook. That's why he's going to die. It's a poisonous snake. And they thought, he must be a god. That's what it says in the scripture. But that didn't bother him because the Lord, it wasn't I know. So it's I know so you're going to Rome, you must speak of me in Rome. So it didn't bother him. And it's the same thing with us. You have to remember now if this word is quickened. Doesn't matter what part, you and your seat will be there. Amen. We're not going to leave one hoof behind. Moses said, "Hallelujah. You and your household." Amen. Amen. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, the Philippian jailer said, "And you and your household shall be saved." Amen. They had to be saved like he was saved. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And so they came in the same way he did. It has to be if that's quickened to you. Doesn't matter what they try and do against you or what happens where wherever they may go. Yeah. You know Jesus spake a parable of a prodical son and he said there was a certain there was a certain man that had two sons. I believe he wasn't just giving a nice parable, but I believe he was giving actually a literal thing. Amen. Because when the son was in the pig pen, he came to himself. Well, how can someone come to themselves? God changes their thinking. That is the only way someone can come to themselves say, "Hey," and actually realize because remember he said to his dad, "Give me my inheritance." He made up his mind, "I'm going this way." Yeah. what turns someone around to go this way. It's not their own ability cuz you think about it. You know, men are proud. And so, no doubt this before he came. Now, this is just me. I'm just dramatizing, trying to make it a bit more alive, maybe. But, you know, young men are proud. So, do you think, you know, you see, so maybe he sees his life's going down. He's spending all his money. He reaches into his last bag of money. Here comes his last piece of gold or whatever. Do you think he's going to say, "Maybe I should go back to dad." Cuz if he does, he say, "I'm wrong." And no young guy likes to say they're wrong. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm still young. I was going to say I was young once, but I think I'm still young. But you see, so his pride, his pride would have kept him going in that direction. Remember, he was a Jew. He finds himself in a foreign land feeding swine the scraps. So he's feeding an animal which is unclean which being raised up his whole youth has said that's unclean you shalln't eat that all those different things but he's feeding them and he realized that this unclean animal is in a greater station of life than I am because at least it gets food and I want to eat its food. Yeah. Then he came to himself. What caused him? As I said, it was God answering prayer of a father. Amen. That made him come to himself. Amen. Amen. You have the power to bind and the power to loose. Amen. Amen. You have the power. Whatsoever you ask in my name, I'll do it. That's right. Amen. That's what the Bible tells us. So, he comes to himself. God gets a hold of him. He realizes it's better in my father's house. And then so he starts making his way back and it says when the father saw the son a far off. Wow. What's happening? They had prayer. They're praying. Then they made a breakthrough in prayer. The peace came down. Thank you, Lord. What? Turned to his wife. Honey, little Johnny's going to be all right. That's right. I don't know how, but I'm going to start looking. Thank you, Lord. You felt that breakthrough. Yes, dear. I felt that breakthrough. Hallelujah. Glory to God. He's on his way. Amen. And then that's why he began to look every morning. No doubt cuz he saw the way he was going. So he's going to come back that same way. He's looking and he saw him a far off and he ran to him cuz he knew God answered the press. It wasn't a I know so. It's a I know so. Amen. And he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Glory. Amen. And he saw him come a far off. And that's why he went and embraced him. Put the robe best robe on and put his ring on his finger. Hallelujah. placed him back in the family where he was originally. Hallelujah. Cuz when faith is challenged, Amen. the believer always wins. Hallelujah. Amen. The believer always wins. Amen. Amen. That's true. How about you? All things are possible to them that believe. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Confess it until it sinks down here. Yes. Amen. Amen. Believe it until it sinks down here. It's not just I hope so, I hope so, I hope so. Confess it until it sinks down here and then you know. That's right. Amen. We have I have seen it happen many times where you know God's heard your prayer. You don't know how it's going to happen, but he heard your prayer and it's going to happen. And it happens. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just go to I want to go to if I can find it. Second I think it's second Corinthians. Yeah. Let's go to let's go to second Corinthians 4. Yes. Verse 13. We having the same spirit of faith. Yeah. You got to say, I have the same spirit of faith. According as written, I believed and therefore have I spoken. We also believe and therefore speak. Amen. Amen. So you got to you got to speak in faith. Not not hope so faith, but know so faith. That's right. Amen. And then God will cause the situation to change according to what you have said. That's right. Amen. If you say, remember, now we won't read it just now, but if you read the book of Mark, you know, Jesus goes into um he speaks about if you believe and don't doubt and say to this mountain, be there moved and cast into the sea, it will happen. Amen. But before that or during that chapter, he speaks about forgiveness. Amen. So he's linking per what we term perfect faith with forgiveness. So in order to have perfect faith, you have to perfectly forgive everyone against you. That's right. True. Amen. Amen. That's why Jesus Jesus at the moment when he went to Calvary as a man and he died on your behalf, he had perfect faith and he said, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they do. He had perfect forgiveness. And then he went there and he and he and he says, "No one takes my life from me. I lay it down." He was laying it down. He said, "Father, into thy hands do I commit my spirit." He gave up the ghost. Hallelujah. Because he had to believe in the scripture that was allotted to him. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Remember on Mount Transfiguration there, there's one of the accounts Moses and Elijah tell him what he must accomplish at Jerusalem. So they actually come and preach to him. this is what you're going to do cuz it's written in the scripture. But in order but but at his crowning moment he actually said Lord forgive them. The last few maybe moments I don't know how long he's on the cross for but his last last few recorded words before he went to the tomb. He says father forgive them. They don't know what they do. And as I've said many times you would think humanly they knew what they were doing. They schemed it. It said it said they actually had councils. How are we going to lay hold of this man? How are we going to destroy his influence? They planned it and they schemed it and they made false witnesses. And then when Judas gave them the occasion, they took, you know, they, you know, they took advantage and they gave him armed guards and they paid him and they did all those things and they set up the court and they, you know, and they roused up the mob, crucify him, crucify him, and all these different things. It's incredible. A week before they were crying out, hosana, blessed he that comes in the son of yo yo yo, blessed the name of the Lord as he's riding up on the donkey up into Jerusalem. They laid down their garments and they were just, you know, it's like the millennium was coming in. They're having such a glorious worship. Hosana, blessing it comes in the name of the Lord. And then a week later, they say, "Crucify him away with such a fellow." That's right. We'll not have this man. What do you want me to release to you? Barabbus, a murderer or this Jesus called the Christ? give us Barab. Why was that the influence of the scribes and Pharisees among the people? Yeah, that's right. They planned it. We have to force Pilate's hand because we can't legally have him killed. The Romans have to do it. And so they forced his hand that he had to do it because Pilate knew because it was a very dangerous, you know, very volatile area of the empire that if he let Jesus go, the scribes and Pharisees would raise up revolt and then he would be held accountable. So they put pressure. So that sounds to me like they planned it. They knew what they were doing. But Jesus said, because Paul said if they really knew who he was, they would never have crucified the prince of life. Right. Amen. But on a human level, you'd say they planned this and it went according to plan. And they didn't just plan it, but they were tried to safeguard the fact they went to Pilot, we need soldiers. We want to really bury this thing, you know, seal up the tomb and all these things. They knew what they were doing. But Jesus and many times people come against you and you may think they know what they're doing. They've planned this. They've been pondering this. They've been brewing over things and it just comes out like veon. But in reality, they don't know what they're doing. Right? If they really knew, if they really knew who, remember, we believe we're part of the body of Christ, right? Amen. And if we're part of, if we're part of him, then we are Mrs. Jesus Christ. Yeah. By union because the two would become one. Mystery of Christ and his church. And so if they really knew who you were, they would never do what they do. That's right. So that's why you have to come to a place say Lord forgive them they do not know what they do. Amen. Remember this is his crowning moment. I'm going to close with this thought. I just want you to really think about it. The clone for this cause I've come into the world. He's about last few last few words out of those precious lips before they're sealed and gone into the tomb. Father forgive them. They don't know what they do. And because he had to believe the scripture like you have to believe the scripture because remember he is he was the example of Christianity. He wasn't sure he was the God man but he was fully human and fully man. He had to be I mean fully God and fully man. He had to be God because no one else could redeem humanity but he had to be fully human because he had to be a kinsman. He had to be a kinsman redeemer. And so he he lived such a life because he was showing this is how humans should be. Amen. Amen. He was giving a living example. So if he is like us in that way, then he had to believe the scripture. He had one scripture. I'll not suffer thy holy one to see corruption. Amen. So he knew and he knew he was the holy one of Israel. That was that wasn't I know so was I know so. Amen. Amen. That was the only scripture he had. And so with that one scripture being revealed to him, he went to the Cal He went to Calvary. He went to the tomb, but he knew he wouldn't stay in the tomb. Amen. And his whole life, what happened? Faith. Faith was challenged. And God always wins or the believer always wins because God is in the believer. Amen. Amen. We have some musicians. When you ponder these things, this crowning moment, he had to forgive. It says about Job. I know brother Bley Williams brought it out, but you read at the end of Job. Maybe let's just find that scripture. It's in one of the last chapters of Job. So this is Job 42. And then let's just read from verse seven. It says, "And it was so that after the Lord had spoken these words unto Job, the Lord said unto Alfas the Timite, my wrath is kindled against thee, and against thy two friends. For ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right, as my servant Job hath. Therefore, take unto you now seven bulocks and seven rams. Go to my servant Job and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering, and my servant Job shall pray for you. For he will I accept, least I deal with you after your folly, and that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right like my servant Job. So Alfaz the Temonite and and and Buildad the the the Shirite and Zofa the the Nathanite, however you say it, forgive me, went and did according as the Lord commanded them. The Lord also accepted Job. And the Lord turned the captivity of Job when he prayed for his friends. Also, the Lord gave Job twice as much as he had before. So his captivity, I know brother Burley brought it out, but he he turned his captivity when he prayed. Remember, he could have been very angry at his friends. You've been trying to give me a false witness of what God who God really is and how God deals with man. He could have been angry cuz they were actually preaching to him false doctrine in a way cuz they didn't fully understand who God was. Now here's God. This is the last thing you have to do Job in order to overcome. You have to pray for your friends. Amen. And then his captivity was turned. Amen. Right. That's a big You say, "Well, I'm not Job." I say, "Yeah, you are Job. But you're more than Job because here's under the blood of bulls and goats. under the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes. That's right. And so if he had to pray for them and and I believe he had to forgive them and act because he had to stand in the gap for his friends. And you can't really stand in the gap for someone in prayer if you have something ought against them. That's right. Amen. So he had to forgive them and stand in the gap for them and pray for his friends. And then his captivity was turned. Amen. Many times we think, well, why am I still maybe going through this? Do you have a against the person? You know, I was reading over my notes from Brother Burley's sermon. He says, um, it's just a phrase that he said that I wrote down. If you think of someone or an event and you have an ill feeling against it, he says there's still unforgiveness there. Amen. So you think about that because you know if there is still ill feeling or something unforgiveness you got to take that to the Lord. Amen. Cuz remember we have you say well how can I make it it's such a bitter feeling or a bitter memory. How can I make it sweet? Remember Moses crossed the Red Sea with Israel. They came three days without water. They came to a a brook and it had it was called mara cuz the water is bitter. Then God pointed out a tree. Cut that tree down, put it into the water and it'll become sweet. And many other people no doubt journeyed that way. So many people would have had a bitter walk, bitter experience. But God pointed out to Moses, take this tree, put it in the water. That tree would have been there when the other people drank it and it was bitter. We have a tree. It's called Calvary. Amen. Put Calvary into your into your bitter experience. It'll become sweet. That's right. Because you'll be released from it. It'll bring healing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just stand, shall we? I want to sing um um what's that song saying? Hide me now under your wings. Yeah. Amen. God bless you, friends. When faith is challenged, you remember when your faith is challenged, when the devil challenges you, you have the faith that will overcome. Amen. Don't lean on the arm of flesh. You lean on the arm of God. Hide me now under your wings. Yes, Lord. Oh, cover me within your mighty hand. When the oceans rise and thunder roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the blood. I will be still and know you are God. Find rest my soul in Christ alone. Glory is found in quietness and trumps. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still and know you are God. When the oceans rise and thunder roar, I will soar with you above the stor. Oh father, you are king over the blood. I will be still and know you are God. Let's go verse one again. Who wants to be hidden under his wings? Father me now. Yes, Lord. Under your wings. Cover me within your mighty hand. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the cloud. I will be still and know you are God. Find rest my soul in Christ alone is Lord. Oh his power in quietness and trust. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the stor. Father, you are king over the blood. I will be still and know you are God. I will be still and know you are God. Hallelujah. Amen. If anyone would like to be remembered to pray, just want to raise your hands to the Lord. Gracious Father, Lord, I have both hands up. Father, there's many challenges in this day. Yes, Father. But Lord, we so thankful that you are greater. Lord, you said greater is in thee that is in the world. And Lord, your word says, cast all your cares upon him because he cares for you. Thank you, Lord. How thankful we care, Lord. You care for us, Lord. The Lord the unlovable, Lord. Yet you love us with an everlasting love, Lord. You care for us, oh God. We're so thankful we can cast our cares upon you, Father. We're so glad that, Lord, the faith that you've quickened within us, Lord, is Lord is there when the enemy comes against us, oh God. We don't need to depend upon our own ability. Thank you, Lord, or even working it out or fixing it in our own strength. But Father, you guide us through the battle, Lord. You guide us through the challenge. We thank you for that, Lord. We're so glad the believer has always been victorious in you. Yes, Lord. We praise your holy name for that, oh God. Lord, Father, we're so thankful that nothing can take our faith from us, Lord. We're so glad you're in control of every situation, that our footsteps are ordained of you. Lord, that this day was ordained, Lord, wherever we went today, whatever we faced, Lord, you knew it would happen. Yes, Father. But, Father, you have confidence in your salvation. Amen. Lord, you have confidence not in our humanity, but the seed you placed within us before the foundation of the world. We thank you for that, almighty God. Yes. Father, help us to be rugged. Help us to be burly with our faith. Oh God, Father, help us not to shrink back from the challenge, but to charge in, Lord, we know David raced towards Goliath with a sling. He didn't just stand there like so depicted in many things, many children's stories and movies, but he ran towards the enemy, Father, cuz he knew it was all over. Lord, Father, it's quickened him, oh God. Father, oh Lord, we're so thankful that that same God, that same anointing that came upon David, you're the same God today. And Father, we're under the blood of your precious son, the Lord Jesus. Amen. Not under the blood of bulls and goats. We thank you for that, Lord. So glad, Lord, you don't see us, but Lord, you see our blood. Father, we praise your holy name. Thank you, Lord. I just pray that you'll just bring these things to our mind. May we ponder about what we've heard tonight. Father, there's anyone here that has un uh unforgiveness or bitterness or anything against their past or whatever's happened against anyone. Lord, may they just lay it at your feet. Lord, may may you just take it. May they don't want to hold on to it anymore. Lord, Father, you knew where we would go in life. It's not always a flowery bed of bees, but you knew that, Lord. Father, you are Lord, as David said, even though you lead us through the valley and the shadow of death, I'll fear no evil. Lord, as long as you're our shepherd, you'll lead us through, Father. And you won't leave us, but you'll take us through the other side into glory. We thank you for that confidence that we can have in you, Lord. You're a Lord. You're you're the best shepherd. Amen. Lord, you don't lose a sheep. Lord, we're so thankful that, oh God. And if we get wounded and hurt and scarred, Lord, you have the medicine, Lord, to heal us better than ever before. Lord, we're so thankful we can have a real relationship with our shepherd. Father, we love you, oh God. Amen. Want to commit the service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just let's just finish with with number eight. In your presence, that's rhym strong. Hallelujah. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. Um number eight. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence that's where I seeking your face, touching your face in I never in your presence. I want to know that the cannot leader fire in your praise. That's where I am strong in your praise. Oh Lord my God in your praise. That's where I seek your face. Your praise. for your blood and you will walk in your presence. Oh God, I want to reach me. There I'm covered by your I want to be where the seams of darkness cannot touch me. In your presence, oh God. In your praise. Oh, that's where I am. In your praise, oh Lord my God, in your God. In your presence, oh God. In your presence. In your presence. That's where I belong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence. Next verse. That's where I belong. Seeking your face. touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. In your presence, oh God and your presence in your presence that's where I am strong in your presence. Oh Lord my God in your praise. That's where I belong. Seeking your face touching your grave in the cliff of the rock in your presence. Oh God. Verse two. I want to go where the river cannot overflow me. With my feet upon the rock. I want to hide where the blazing fire cannot burn me. In your presence, oh God. In your presence. That's where I am strong. In your praise. Oh Lord my God. In your praise. Bless where I am. I'm seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rocky in your presence, oh God. and your presence. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your praise, oh Lord my God, in your praise, that's where I seeking your face. touching your grave in the clip of the rock. In your presence, oh God. What's that song? I mean, peace be still. Sometimes I sing. I'm sailing over the stormy seas. The waves are crashing over and the daylight hides his face from me. Fear in truth and the stor and I see within the boat with me. Jesus, you're here. There is nothing that I need to fear. You're here. You're here. There is nothing that I need to fear. There is nothing that I need to fear. Oh Jesus is here. Yes you are Lord. Oh waves you won't break me. Storm you won't shake me. Jesus is here. Oh ye tempest, you will all be still. Oh peace be still. Peace be still. Of times I sail through life stormy g. The situation all proclaiming you will not prevail. Your word says thou ruest the raging of the seas. When the waves thereof arise, thou stillest there. Jesus, Lord, you're here. There is nothing that I need to fear. You're here. You're here. There is nothing that I need to fear. There is nothing that I need to fear. Jesus is here. Waves you won't break me. storm you won't shake me. Jesus is here. All ye tempest you will all be still. All peace be still. Peace be still in your darkest hour. Yes, Lord. Keep your eyes on Jesus. When there's fear all around you, keep your eyes on Jesus. All the raging and rolling is trying to make you forget who you have with you in your darkest hour. In your darkest hour, keep your eyes on Jesus. When there's fear all around you, keep your eyes on Jesus. All the raging and rolling is trying to make you forget who you have in you. Jesus is here. Waves you won't break me. storm. You won't shake me. Jesus is here. Oh ye tempest, you will all be still. Oh peace be still. Peace be still. Peace be still. Peace be still. Peace be still. Amen. Amen. God bless you friends. dismissed in Jesus Christ name. I Daddy, baby. cup. My hair I do. My mind
