################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-11-05 - 16 1106 Where Is Your Heart - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-11-05
Title:   16 1106 Where Is Your Heart
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3TGHY5RnAg
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Wow. [Music] Wow. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Morning. [Music] Can everybody hear me? Let's stand. Lord, we want to come this morning. We want to come thank you for the wonderful privilege we have to be here with one another and with you, Lord. Thank you that we can spend time with the truth, Lord. Thank you that you have pressed it on our hearts to know the truth. Thank you that you've responded. You you made our spirits respond to you, Lord. Lord, and that's why we are here this morning. And we thank you Lord that we can stand here and worship you in purest the purest form of truth Lord. Lord you know our hearts Lord. You know our desires. You know where we want to go. You know where we want to be. You know where we are going to go. And Lord we just want to thank you that we know that our lives are in your hands and that you guide us every day. Hallelujah. We love you with all our hearts. Father, we pray that you would bless this morning. Amen. The worship and the music that will go forth. Lord, we pray that you would remove ourselves out of the picture, Lord, and hear our hearts and hear our voices. Yes, Lord. And Lord, when the word is spoken this morning, I pray that the truth will sink into our hearts, Lord Jesus. That we would stand on precious solid ground, Lord. Lord, and that is your word. Thank you, Lord, that you are revealing more to us every day. Hallelujah. Even though we know that we are not perfect, we're far from it, Lord. We know that we are on a journey and that every time we hear those the precious words, Lord, we're being washed. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord, for that wonderful, wonderful testimony that I heard this weekend. It blessed me so much. And Lord, each one of us have our own testimonies. And we pray, Lord, that we would live out our testimonies. Yes, Father to an unbelieving world out there. Thank you, Lord, that we can be here together. Accept our praise and our worship to you. Amen. All right. Beat the person next to you. Say hello. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat up here. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Le [Applause] [Music] shall wonder at the cross at the cross where I first saw the light and the burn of my heart rolled away. Was this near my faith? I received my son and now I am happy all the day. Watch this whole cry. I have done [Music] the king. How amazing the for At the cross, at the cross, there [Music] of my heart all the way. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all day. will find the sun in darkness hide and shut his glories in when Christ the mighty maker died. All men the creature sin at the cross. that cross when I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith I receive my sight and now I am happy all the day. Tons of grief can repay the debt of love I owe. Here Lord, I give myself away is all that I can do. At the cross, at the cross where I burst for the life and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by grace. I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. At the cross. At the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the days. It was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. Amen. I believe everyone can say that this morning. Amen. At the cross is where we first saw the light and our burdens rolled away. And I believe that that is one of our goals on this earth is to experience complete peace. Hallelujah. Complete peace. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. I will say this is a day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. For he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. It's success. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. One more time. He has made Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for He has made me glad. He has made me glad. Yes, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Amen. [Music] Amen. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet flying by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. There's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith we can see it aart. For the Father waits over the way to prepare us the dwelling place here in that sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in their sweet fly and We shall meet on that beautiful shore. We shall sing on that beautiful shore. The melodious songs of the bliss and our spirit are sorrow no more. Thought a sigh for the drifting refresh. In that sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In that sweet fly and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. To our bountiful father above, we will offer the tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that hallow our days. And that sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore in the street by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. In that tree, in that tree, by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. Amen. Praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Wow. I look forward to that time. Oh, amen. We shall meet him on that shore. Hallelujah. [Music] Everywhere I looked, darkness was my light. Everywhere I turned was night. But one day an angel came and broke away these chains. But one day an angel came revealing to me that everything's open. Holy saint broken. There's nothing evil holding me. My prison was a lie. The devil I deny. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God. With every lock broken, my heart is open. You've given me a brand new song with utmost thanksgiving [Music] and heavenly singing with utmost thanksgiving. My freom claim that everything's open. All these chains broken. There's nothing evil holding me. My prison was a lie. The devil I deny. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God now. Everything's open. All these chains broken. There's nothing evil holding me. My prison was a lie. The devil I deny. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God. I'm free. I'm free to walk with God. You are my freedom. You're everything I live for. You have come and remove these chains. You are my freedom. You're everything I live for. Everything's changed when you came. You are my freedom. You're everything I live for. In this prison, I no longer remain. I no longer remain. again. Now everything's open. All these chains broken. There's nothing evil holding me. My prison was a lie and the devil I denied. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God now. Everything now everything's open. All these things broken. There's nothing evil holding me. My prison was a lie. The devil I deny. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God. Now everything's open. All these chains broken. There's nothing evil holding me. My prison was a lie. The devil I deny. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God. Let's sing that again. Now everything's open. All these things broken. There's nothing evil holding me. My prison was a lie. The devil I deny. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God. Now everything's open. All these chains broken. Thank you, Lord. There's nothing evil holding me. What a proclamation. Yes. The prison was a lie. The devil I deny. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God. I'm free. Yes, I'm free to walk with God. Oh yes, Lord, we are free to walk with you, Lord. Lord, thank you that we can stand as a church and stand as your bride, Lord. Thank you that we can free ourselves to worship you, Lord, in honor, honest truth, Lord. Thank you that we can give you glory with every beat of our heart and with every breath that we take even though our breath be taken. Will we worship you Lordless? Thank you Lord that we can sing and thank you that we can pray and thank you that we can open our hearts and our minds to you Lord. Thank you Jesus that you love us with everything in you so much so that you gave your life but you stood up and you conquered you and for that we are thankful because you have given us what we require to walk from this life to the other from this dress rehearsal Lord into eternity. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord that we can honor you. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh Lord. Oh thank you Jesus. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. [Music] Holy. Holy is he. [Music] Sing a new song to him who sits on heaven's mercy seat and holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. [Music] With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Thank you Jesus. [Music] clothing. Rainbows of living color, flashes of lightning, rolls of thunder. Blessing and honor, strength and glory and power be to you the only wise king. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. [Music] With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Will adore you. Thank you. [Music] filled with wonder. All struck wonder at the mention of your name. Jesus, your name is power. Breath and living water. Such a marvelous mystery. [Music] Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. [Music] With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you and holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come with all creation my Sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. I will adore you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Just lose yourself in his presence today. and let him embrace you. That hurt that hides away in those deep dark corners, just open up so that his light might shine. Let him wash away everything in your life that is hindering you from taking your place. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's sing Savior's Grace this morning. You come into my heart. You break down every wall. You take me as I am. And you take even more. You break my heart of stone. Make me see your holy word. Take every bit of me so I'll see even more. Oh holy one, take me. Oh holy one, never leave me be. Oh holy one, take me. Oh holy one, as a bride to thee, [Music] I'll sing the songs of redemption. Love songs for my savior. With humble admiration I will sing your name. Shine your love around me and fill me with your glory. Bring me to that place and set me free. I'll sing the songs of redemption. Love songs for my savior with humble admiration. I will sing your name. Shine your love around me and fill me with your glory. Bring me to that place and set me free. [Music] Your grace is ever more and you pour it onto me. Unervedly I come to kneel at your feet. You look into my eyes and say, "Child, arise. Come and stand here by my side. Take your place next to the throne. Oh, holy one, take me. Oh, holy one. Never leave me be. Oh holy one, take me. [Music] Oh holy one, as a bride to thee, I'll sing the songs of redemption. Love songs for my savior. With humble admiration I will sing your name. Shine your love around me and fill me with your glory and bring me to that place and set me free. I'll sing the songs of redemption, [Music] love songs for my savior. With humble admiration, I will sing your name. Shine your love around me and fill me with your glory. Bring me to that place and sing. I'll sing. I'll sing the song of redemption. Love songs for my savior with humble adoration. I will sing your name. Shine your love around me and fill me with your glory. Bring me to that place and set me free. [Music] I'll sing the songs of redemption. Love songs for my Savior. With humble adoration, I will sing your name. Shine your love around me. Fill me with your glory. Bring me to that place to set me free. Bring me to that place and set me free. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Gracious father. How thankful are we can come to you this morning, Lord, with full assurance in our hearts that we've come to the true and living God who is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That does not change any way, oh God. And we thank you that you are the same and your power is still the same, Lord. Your mighty hand of redemption is still the same, oh God. Your comfort, Lord, your care, your guidance, Father. Your word is still the same. And because you are your word, and we're just praying as we open the pages of your scripture, oh God. We, Lord, the prophet said many times that any mortal could open the pages of your Bible, but we need the immortal one. We need the author of the book, Lord. We need you to come down and speak to us out of your word this morning. And Lord, that's what we have come Lord that you would come and mold us and shape us more and more into your image. Oh Lord Jesus. Father may you grant it for your glory. May we leave this place changed. Lord may we leave this place washed. Father may those who are still not believing, may they become believers, Lord. Those who are still battling, may they have the victory. Lord, may those who are not filled with you be filled with you, oh God. and all of us who have been filled with you. May you refill us with your Holy Spirit. Lord, as your prophet said, one baptism but many fillings. Lord, may you grant it for your glory. Lord, we just want to commit the service into your hands. Be with those who are streaming. Lord, those who are sick, who those who are away, Father, be their portion. Father, go into where the room where they are. Lord, you're a God everywhere. Father, you said you never leave us nor forsake us. Whoever your children are, there you are, oh God. So may that you feel be very real where they are, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we just want to pray that the service would leave human control. Father, we we commit the service into your hands. Do what you need to do among us, Lord. May grant it for your glory. We humbly ask these things, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. It's great to have all the visitors here. God bless you. Trust you feel at home and welcome. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you all. Amen. Thank you, brother John. God bless you, friends. Um, if you got your Bibles handy, we're just going to turn straight to the scripture. Just going to go to I want to read a couple of places. I want to start in 1 Corinthians chapter 10. We're going to read verses 12- 14. Amen. Who's happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. So 1 Corinthians 10 read from verse 12 says, "Wherefore let him that thinkketh he standeth take heed lest he fall. There is there hath no temptation taken you. But such is common to man. But God is faithful." Amen. Who will not suffer you to be tempted above that uh you are able? but will with the temptation also make a way of escape that ye may be able to bear it. Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry. And we're going to go to Luke chapter 6. And verse 44 he says, "For every tree is known by his own fruit. For of thorns men do not gather figs, nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes. A good man out of a a good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good. And an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil. For for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh. And then he poses a question. Why do you call me why call ye me Lord? Lord and do not do the things which I say. Amen. May the Lord bless his word. You may have your seats now. I want to I want to pose a question and and this this came to me during the week. Where is your heart? Now, it's very interesting when we read there in 1 Corinthians chapter 10 where where Paul is writing to the Corinthians and he begins to talk about, you know, there's no temptation given to you but you're able to bear it and God will make a way of escape. But then he but then he quickly uh it seems like he's changing the subject but he says brethren flee from idolatry. Now idolatry we we think of many times as we think of someone who who has a shrine or they go to a temple and they have something made of wood or gold or you know something that's been fashioned and it's been there and they they bow down and they worship those things. But idols are actually it's in reality what they place before them is actually in their heart already. And it's just a physical manifestation of what's already in them. And we can see this. We just I trust you have your Bibles handy, but I just want to go to uh Leviticus. I wonder if I can find it. I want to go to Exodus chapter 32. In Exodus chapter 32, uh we have the scene of of Israel made the golden calf. And we understand that that image they actually beheld in Egypt because one of the Egyptian gods was a bull. And they wanted something fashioned that was material that was their god. And it's incredible that when the very god that brought them out of Egypt is speaking to his prophet on the mountain, here they are at the bottom of the mountain making a god. But yet their god is declaring himself to their prophet on the mountain. But they could not wait for the correct revelation of the of the word to come to them. So they tell mo uh tell Aaron make us a god that we can worship you know a real something physical. And it's amazing because now in in Exodus 32 and 19 and 20 we have Moses comes down and he sees the scene that's going on and he and he uh well let's just read it. And it says here, "And it came to pass as soon as he came nigh to the camp that he saw the calf and and dancing and Moses anger waxed hot and he cast the tables out of his hand and break them beneath the mount and he took the calf which they had made and burnt it in the fire and ground it to powder and straw it upon the water and made the children of Israel drink of it." And I think this is very interesting because really in reality Moses is really identifying where the calf came from because it came out of the hearts of the people. We want a we want a god that we can worship. It became material. God's prophet came down. He broke the thing, burnt it up, and then he made the people drink it. So the so the idolatry that came out of the people went back into the people. Amen. Cuz that gold, you know, Amen. what was made of made, you know, what was in their hearts became material. That that same material came back into the people because the idolatry because he knew that the blood of bulls and goats could not break idolatry out of a people. Amen. We're still there among Israel and we see it where after Solomon is dead and we have you know the king after him yeah Jeroboam or Riaboam you know there's there's there's a division in the kingdom while yeah a prophet of God comes to this man and says I give you the 10 tribes but in his political understanding he says how can I keep this keep these people from going to Jerusalem to worship and then he devises in his mind because he's been down in Egypt because he fled down there when when Solomon was still king and he and he saw the gods of Egypt. He says, "I'll make two golden calves." And he placed one in Bethl and one in Dan. Now, you may think you're talking about this doesn't apply to us. Oh, yes, it does, friends. Because you must understand that the promised land to us is the word of God. I mean, it's our inheritance in the word. And so, what we have had happen in the past is that there's been people have come and an idol is something that's been fashioned by man's mind. Yeah. Amen. It's it's the imagination of man's heart and it's been fashioned into something material. And you see people in history, they have taken the word and they fashioned it. And it's very easy to say, "Oh, that's that's a Catholic idol or that's a Methodist idol or that's a Baptist idol." But it's all the it started with the word and they fashioned it and they molded it and said, "Here's your God. Here's your Lord Jesus." Now, Friday, you remember how I was a bit what was wrong with me? Yeah, when we had when we had a wonderful time, brother Kenz, this came to me on Thursday. So, I've been pondering these things and maybe you understand how I was. But so people they they they fashion bits of the word and says, "Here's your God." And then you have now he places a golden calf in Bethl and in Dan because one of the one of the insignas of those two tribes, one's the man and one's the eagle. So what people have done is they've taken the word and they've put a golden calf down in the manage part of the word where we have to go back to Isusa street. I'm just going to drop a few bombs if you don't mind me. Amen. So so then people say we have to go back. This is in the ranks of the believers. We have to go back to a former thing and they put an idol there. Then there's other people have come along and they and they've taken the revelation of the word and they fashioned an idol. And I can say that because you look at the result. What's the result of your worship? Is it Jesus Christ coming into you and transforming you or is it just a religion? Because if it's just a religion, you fashion an idol. You fashion an idol out of your religion and it doesn't do you any good. But if you worship the true and living word of God, it'll produce Jesus Christ in you. Amen. So you can see now if this is a bit heavy, I'm sorry. I'm just going to offload and then I'll be happy cuz the burden of my heart's been delivered. Lord. Amen. So now, so people have taken, you know, people have taken truth and they've ran with it and they fashioned idols out of it and people have, you know, following some other ministry, some other man after the prophet. And then then they become disappointed. What's happened? An idol was fashioned in the word. Amen. An idol was fashioned. But thanks be to God, those things have come to an end. Amen. Amen. Because remember, true worship is in one place. God said, "I'll put my name in a in a gate and you'll worship me there." Amen. And that's when you really get into Christ. Yes. That is the true place to worship. Just like Jerusalem in the Old Testament. Amen. Amen. Amen. So now an idol, an idol, if I want to find the definition because it's quite a very interesting thing because the word idol actually means a vain thing. It means good for nothing. The word idols good for nothing by analogy vain or vanity. So it's a thing of not of no value. And people will take something. Now I'm just going to go from religion. I'm going to all because we're going to read something in Ezekiel and it so struck me when God put this on my heart because people will take something of no value and they'll worship it. Yeah. And we know in the Old Testament they had groves, they had idols. And a grove is an established thing. You know, there's, you know, there's trees have been planted. You know, it's been arranged. It's been there for some time. You know, the high places in Israel and all these things. And so, people can take something, it's not just a religion. It could be something that happens to you, something that happens to you in your life. And people can make that an idol and they can worship God or their whole life can be dictated to by one event in their life, but they're not willing to hew that idol down and walk with God. Christine knew a man when she was growing up, he was going to church. And he was so bitter against his especially his mom. So bitter against his mom. He said, "I'll never get married and have children because it'll make her happy." And the Lord spoke through Christine's mom to this man and says, "You you got to you cannot worship the idol of a broken heart." So his whole life, this is where this is basically the end of my sermon. I'm just going to drop it to you now till you know where I'm going. But his whole life was dictated to because he was worshiping whatever happened between him and his mom. That became an idol. Cuz his whole life, you see people, you know, Catholic, whatever religion, they have idols. They have, you know, they go on pilgrimages. They can live any kind of way. Then they come into the presence of their idol. They go into their church. They go and do whatever they do. Very reverent. Their whole demeanor and everything changes. Amen. Because their life is being dictated to by a piece of wood or a piece of stone or a piece of gold. That's just a vanity. And it's the same thing with you and I, friends. You don't want to make things that happen. Remember, everything in life will make you better or bitter. it. But it's up to you what you want it to do to you. Hallelujah. Amen. That man unfortunately made it bitter. And he robbed himself of really what life wanted to give him. And after that, he didn't he he after a few while he stopped coming to church. Never saw him again in church. Is that right? Yeah. Why? Because he wasn't willing. God put his finger on it. You cannot worship the idol of a broken heart. That was God speaking to that man. But then he but then it's up to us. Can we are we willing to let God destroy it? Amen. Now, so an idol is a vain thing. The prophet tells us, "And be certain of God, but all that you put before God is an idol. Let it be whatever it may be. Even so, Satan, our great adversary, is such a smart one until he even puts sometimes the church before God. You might have a great church, you might have a great building, or it might be a great denomination. And again, it might be a great congregation, but let nothing come before God in your heart. Anything before God is an idol. And these people knew that they wasn't spiritual like they used to be under the reigns of the other kings. They thought uh just because they was a religious nation that everything would be all right. And many times we say, you know, you hear the prophet say, "Israel says, I'm a circumcised Jew. I'm in the promised land. God's a good God. He'll never drive us out of the land." And you know, you see Jeremiah the weeping prophet trying to swing the people back to God. All the prophets saying, "Turn from your idols. Turn from your worship of of vain things." And he would, you know, they would blast these things out because this is the heart of God coming to the people. I want to walk with you. I want to have fellowship with you. I gathered you out of Egypt so I could be your God and you'd be my people. But the people were, you know, they weren't they weren't too interested in those things, you know. Oh, we don't need to change cuz God is a good God. God is a God of love and he is a God of love. God, you know, he looks after us. We're in the promised land. We're his promised people. But they weren't. They took those things for granted. They took it for granted and they weren't willing to actually turn from their wickedness and turn back to the living God. And God told them through Moses, you know, if you do these things, if you worship the gods of the other nations, you'll be scattered out of this land. And God is a God of his word. And the reason they were scattered out of the land is because they had not just idols there in the hills and the high places. There was idols in their hearts. Yes, they had fashioned a form of worship after their own device and they made that an idol. And so because their heart was turned away from God to an idol, that what that's what caused them to leave the land. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're here. Oh, we're believers. We're going in a rapture. We're God's chosen people. Amen. Absolutely. God called you under this message because you're the bride of Christ. But friends, don't take it for granted because if you if you fashion this word after your own device, you're not worshiping the God of the Bible anymore. You're worshiping your own Jesus. Amen. And he'll cause you to go into Babylon. Amen. I'm just going to deliver what's on my heart. Forgive me. You say, "Oh, is it normally this way?" No, it's not always this way. But you got to we got to take it for don't take it for granted. God called me. God brought me to a new land. Amen. Baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. God met me and transformed my life. But yet, the enemy will always try and come in. We're in a battle, friends. Hallelujah. But the captain of the host is Jesus. Amen. So, we have nothing to fear in this world in this world above or beneath or any part of a realm. Amen. If you walk with him, remember brother Kyre said in one of his sermons at camp, it so struck with me. If you dedicate your life to God, he'll dedicate his life to you. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And God never comes up. I can't help you. I'm sorry. Yeah. I just can't do it. He always backs up his people if they stand upon his word. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why we have such a great I'm so thankful we have a true and living God. Amen. Amen. Now, so they took it for granted. We can take it for granted. We don't want to take it for granted. Remember, we're not living in fear. Oh, help me, Lord. I'm in this world. I'm in Satan's Eden. He knew you'd be in Satan's Eden. Amen. But remember Adam and Eve, they failed in Satan's Eden. But the prophet said, "This bride is ordained not to fall." Amen. So we can be in the wickedest age, in the darkest of times. But because God is among us, God is in us, we can walk victorious through this world. Amen. Hallelujah. We have a power. There's a power that's been released into his bride that'll overcome all things. Amen. Amen. We have that power. We're not looking for it to come. It's already here. God's opened his word. You know, people look at you and say, "Why are you so different? It's not rules and regulations and conformity or culture or none of that kind of stuff. It's God. Hallelujah. It's not within man to seek after God. But yet God put something in you before the foundation of the world and you heard his word one day and you said, "Yes, Lord. I don't care if my family doesn't go. I don't care if my country doesn't go. I don't care wherever anyone goes. I'm walking with you." Hallelujah. So, we have a power. It's not your humanity. It's the deity in you. I trust he's in you. That overcoming power. Amen. Amen. If he's not in you by the yo now you say fill me Lord lay it all down at his feet. It just takes a total surrender. Amen. Doesn't take a bunch of hours and weeping and crying though that is good. It just takes a surrender. Say God bring me to that place if you're not at that place now. So the idea, Satan's agenda, and I'm kind of going over things from camp, but I just want to put it a different kind of way. Satan's agenda is to take you, take your heart and remove it from where it's meant to be. And number one, that is from God. That is his agenda. That's why this world is built the way it is. That's why society is made the way it is because he wants to take your heart and he wants to have you chasing other things. He wants to anoint your imagination. And then if you agree with that imagination, you'll see your heart begin to drift. True. All right. And we can see this in Genesis chapter 3 when the serpent comes to Eve where the serpent begins to paint a picture to Eve and says of you for one he says God he says you won't surely die. God's a good God. You won't be punished. Nothing will go wrong. You can't die. And then then then the serpent paints a picture in front of Eve and says, "For God doth know that in the day you eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened and you shall be as gods, knowing good and evil." So go into your imagination, you'll be like this. It'll be better if you do this. Just try this. God's don't worry about whatever consequences God told you. He didn't really mean those things. Just have this. And then her imagine and then her heart be to drift from where it was. And then she began to desire. Amen. And then here we are in this condition because Satan worked on her heart to get her heart away from where it should have been by using her imagination. Yes. Amen. You following me? And that is the same thing that is the same thing the devil will do to us today. And he'll take he will anoint your imagination. Just you take husband and wife. God ordained that we'd be one. Amen. You and your spouse are one. But if he will try and come in and you can be living in the same home, you can be sleeping in the same bed. You can be living the same kind of life. But if he can get your heart to drift, remember because where your heart is, you know, that's where your treasures are. Amen. Remember, he tries to make something an idol. So, he can make someone he can take someone of the opposite sex and make them an idol to you. You can just It's going to start with just a little infactuation. Amen. And then what happens? You're still living in the same house. But when you see that person, oh, remember when the people saw their idols, they act different. Amen. And now here I am. Here we are. How are you today? Amen. This is like your address. I trust cuz we're all flesh and blood. Amen. So he'll take he'll take someone and it could be someone in church. So wherever it doesn't matter. And if he can get you infactuated with that person, where's your heart gone? Where's your heart gone? It's not with your spouse where it should be. It's now chasing something that you know you cannot have and you know you should not have. But yet, you know, many times in there's such a thing as as actually living in adultery, but it's an emotional thing. Amen. There's such a thing as that you can be married, you say, "I've never done anything against my spouse, but emotionally you can be connected to someone else." And in reality, you're really more united with them than you are with your spouse. What's happened? Your heart has wandered. Why is that? An idol. Amen. An idol is there. And I promise you one thing. If you're willing to continue to go down that road, just like just like Israel, you you'll end up in the world. Amen. And it's actually not God's doing, it's your doing. Amen. Because it there's always temptation in things, but it's it's what are you willing to what are you willing to actually you let God destroy it or you just or you just oh let's make it a grove. It's really not that bad. They're a Christian as well. We connect on such a great level. Amen. Hey, friendship is there. But you understand? You should be best friends with your spouse. Amen. You should be best friends with your spouse. If they're not your best friend, you need to work on something. You say, "Lord, where's my heart gone?" Now, let's go to let's go to Ezekiel chapter 14. This is really where this stemmed from. It's amazing. Ezekiel 14 verse1. Now the chapter before this, the Lord speaks through Ezekiel and speaks against false prophets. And so now there's people that are gathering to the true prophet in the land. Now the the prophet represents the word for the age. Yeah. Paul said a dispensation of the gospel has been given to me. And so his life so the the vast majority of the New Testament that dispensation was committed to him. And so he was the word of word of the god, word of the lord to the people. And so when you read this about these men coming to Ezekiel, they're coming to the word which is Christ. They're not coming to the man. Amen. They're coming to the office in the man. And so now here's people and they're coming to the they're rallying around the true prophet of the day. But let's see what happens. Then came certain of the elders of Israel unto me and sat before me. And the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Son of man, these men have set up their idols in their heart, and put the stumbling block of their iniquity before their face. Should I be inquired of at all by them? Therefore speak unto them and say unto them, thus sayeth the Lord God, every man of the house of Israel that setth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumbling block of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to the prophet, I the Lord will answer him that cometh cons according to the multitude of his idols. Amen. So here's people, here's believers. They're coming to the word. They're looking for an answer. They're looking for something in the word, but because of the idols in their heart and the iniquity that remember iniquity is to know better but do the wrong. That's what iniquity is. So you know better but you do the wrong anyway. That's iniquity. And Jesus spake in this day that many will come to me in this day and say, "Lord, Lord, have we not cast out devils, healed the sick, raised the dead, done many mighty things, and say, depart from me, ye that workketh iniquity. I never knew you." There's people that are going to fulfill that scripture whether we like it or not. So there is possible because I know I'm reading a lot of Old Testament, but you got to understand this is the same in the New Testament because man man in the Old Testament is the same man in the New Testament. Amen. It's just that God has released a power through the blood through his word that we can live above sin and live above these things. Now, so where were we? Verse five. that I may take the house of Israel in their in their own heart because they are all estranged estranged from me through their idols. Now this word estrained it means to turn aside especially for lodging. So it's to turn aside to find a place to live or stay. Hence to be a foreigner to be profane and it actually means to commit adultery. And that is the meaning of this word estrained. So because the idols that they had formed, they had formed them. They had formed them. Now I know this is awful heavy, but just bear with me because I really want this to sink deep. Okay? Now because they had formed these idols in their hearts, it had caused them to be their heart to go from where God wanted them to be. And it had caused them to look see where your heart is, that's where your treasure is. That's where your comfort will be. That's that's really your religion. Amen. What your your core being is wherever your comfort is. That's right. Amen. And it doesn't matter if it's, oh, you say, well, I believe the message and praise the Lord, God sent a prophet and the seals are open and God is, you know, the thunders have been revealed and, you know, we're going in a rapture and we're at, you know, on the cusp of the body changed and all these things, but where's your comfort? Amen. Where's your comfort? Amen. Is it in the word of God? Is it in Christ? Who is it? Who is his word? Or is it in something else? Amen. I just want you to think about these things. Because if if you have an idol, if there's something in your heart like this, it will cause you to be estra from God, cause you to wander, and God will answer you according to the idol in your heart. That's what we just read. He will answer you. So you see people just say someone is has been a woman beater, a husband that has been real real real real hard on his hard on his wife and then because that is in him and then he hears and then when he hears the prophet he'll hear you know woman should be in their place the man's the head of the home and all these different things and he'll say amen. Remember God remember God has positions in the family but because of that idol he'll just hear that and he won't hear really what the man should be that the man is meant to be Christ in flesh to his family and the plan of redemption as Christ lifted us out of the world. Amen. To be coairs with him the husband should be his whole being should be I want to lift my family up. Amen. That the plan of redemption will be lived out through me to my family. Hallelujah. That is what the message produces. Amen. Amen. But if they have that idol, they'll they'll they'll put more pressure on their family and woman, you better line up and you know, this is what the prophet said. We're believers. Believers accept the word. But all they hear is through that idol. Amen. And you can take it through, oh, God is love and grace. That can become an idol because he's not just love and grace. Now, when I first heard this message, that's all I heard was divine love. I wasn't at a church. I just had the tapes. And God took me from being a drunk home brerew making university student that wore shorts and did all kinds of things that loved the world and partied whatever more. And he transformed me by his grace. And he led me through those things. No one said now you got to do this and this and this and this and stop doing that. It was God. When the spirit of truth has come, he'll lead you and guide you into all truth. Amen. And and from that day till now, that's how I see this world. Hallelujah. Amen. So, but then if but you can make and and and and the church world has made God is love and God loves you as an idol because they taken part of the word and they're fashioned into their the image of their liking and they prostrate themselves in front of it. I trust this doesn't offend anyone but it's true. And so now God is love, but he's also a father. And if a father loves his kids, he'll correct them. And the correction is not just to punish them, but he has their best interest in mind. Don't go this way, honey. Go this way. This is the way you should walk. Amen. So if people have that in their heart when they hear brother Brown, that's all they'll hear. Well, how can that be? Because there's an idol. There's an iniquity in them. And they hear the word through only that channel. See, it takes the Holy Ghost. Amen. God has to get rid of those things that you hear the message in the spirit it's given. Amen. It's not just all pet doctrine and different kinds of things and you know but you hear it in it how it's in its purity. That's right. Because God will answer you. I've met people brother said this and this is how it should be and this is how it should be and they're hard starchy no love you know indifferent really. All they want to prove is they're right and you're wrong. Yes. And they have all the quotes to support what they're saying. I'll say this. There's an idol in there. And when they're looking for what they want to hear and then now here it is. God help us. Because without God, without a real surrender, I mean, without really giving your all. That's why people, they can walk with God, but because they have some kind of reputation and I've been in the message this long and this is what I've done and maybe, oh, I'm a pastor. or I'm a song leader or I'm a I'm a minister or you know whatever part of the church. They're not willing to be put on the wheel cuz what will people think of me? Hello. What will people think of me? Who cares what people think? What does God say? Who's going to say well done to my good and faithful servant? It's not me. It'll be the almighty God. Hallelujah. I'm so glad he's going to we're going to hear those words one of these days. My good and faithful servant, enter into the joys of the Lord. You say, "Well, how do you know I'm going to hear those words?" If God's word has spoken to your heart, and he's changed you, you can look back. I'm no longer the person I once was. And God has transformed me into the person I am, and he's still molding. If he has received you in this world, he's going to receive you in the next world. Hallelujah. We have that assurance. It's not, oh, is he going to say it to me? Of course, he's going to say it to you. If you fully surrendered to him now, he's not going to say, "Who are you?" He's not going to say, "You worker of iniquity." He can't say that to if you've surrendered your all and say, "Lord, not my will, but thy will be done." Hallelujah. Glor. Now verse six. Therefore say unto the house of Israel, thus sayith the Lord God, repent and turn yourselves from your idols, and turn away your faces from your all your abominations. For every one of the house of Israel, or the stranger that sojurnneth in Israel, which separateth himself from me, and setth up his idols in his heart, and putth the stumbling blockers of iniquity before his face, and cometh to a and cometh to a prophet to inquire of him concerning me. I the Lord will answer him by myself and I'll set my face against that man and will make him a sign and a proverb and I'll cut him off from the midst of my people and ye shall know that I am the Lord. Amen. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. Amen. Man is still the same as well. Amen. So that is you cannot just like that man I said he let his relationship with his mom stop his whole life and he was worshiping that broken heart that he had. Amen. You cannot you cannot let anything hinder your walk with God. Why does God put a finger on things? Because he wants you to be free. Amen. Why does God say cut down the idols? because he wants you to be free. And it's actually him that actually hues down things. It's not your own ability to say, "I'm going to turn a new leaf and I'm going to Why do New Year's resolutions fail?" Because it's man says, "I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to" And it's and then it's like, "I need to do it again the next year." And it becomes a tradition. Oh, what are you going to What's your New Year's resolution this year? Oh, I'm probably this I'm going to do such and such. You said that 10 years ago. Well, I'm still working on it. What's the problem? There's the eye in the picture. Amen. There's not God. Amen. Brother Bram says in doors and a door. He says, "Open the door of the heart. Let him come in and he'll do it." That is the only way it can be done. Now you say, "Well, this is awfully kind of negative today." It's not. Amen. Because you must understand. Now, I just want to read one scripture first in Isaiah 29:13. And I'll read it quickly for you. He says, "Wherefore the Lord saith, for as much as this people draw near me with their mouth, and with their lips do honor me, but have removed their heart far from me, and their fear towards me is taught by the precept of men." So it's just it became because their heart they said, "Yes, we believe. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We, you know, we love it. We love you, Lord." But their heart has become restrained. They're strained by idols. And the fear now remember fear in the Bible is not always a terror. It's a it's a reverential fear. It's a respect. Amen. That's what a lot fear is many times. But he says that because their hearts are far from me, the fear of the Lord is just a precept of men. So it's just taught mentally. Amen. There's no reality because you got to understand when many times we we pray or we have church and you just feel such a great blessed atmosphere and it's so wonderful and the prophet says many times that's just the blessings of God. But to come into the presence real prince of God it's a fearful thing. That's why every time an angel comes to someone in the Bible says fear not. And when the angel of the Lord came down to brother Bram he said many times fear not. And he said to brother Biscll there in the car when the angel lord came into the car and and then and then brother Bisll looked at brother Baram and his cuz they had been hunting for over a week and his and his hadn't shaved and his bed was sticking out and then brother Bisll said he looked like he was nearly going to die and and then brother said 10,000 times 10,000 he's come to me it's always the same like I could just die and he was a man who lived in that presence and it was a fearful thing. Amen. And that is the God that is the God we serve. Amen. So for him, it wasn't a precept of men to fear the Lord. It was a reality. Amen. Amen. And I trust if your heart is close to God, you'll have a real godly fear. Amen. Not a terror now, but you'll have a real reverence and love for him. Amen. Hallelujah. You say, "Well, this is awfully negative." But I want you to understand we have a promise. That's the book of Malachi. Now if your heart is weward, we have a promise. Behold, I'll send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great dutiful day of the Lord. It's happened. And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the heart of the children to their fathers. Last I come and smite the earth with a curse. the the purpose of God sending Elijah is to always turn the hearts of the people. He says it now in first kings when they're on Mount Carmel and Elijah's, you know, it's amazing because Ba, you know, the prophets of Baal, they built their altar, they put their sacrifice on, then they have their church service around and they dance and they sing and they cut themselves and you know, and then it says that Elijah rebuilt or repaired the altar of the Lord. Amen. So the altar was there. It was there but it had fallen down. Yes. And through Christianity, what's happened? The real altar, you see, you know, people failed to understand there's been a restoration. The the reason that it was called the dark ages wasn't because there's all the black death and all the killing and stuff. Is because the light of the word was blackened out. That's why it was called the dark ages. And so, but it had to go from dark ages back into a full restoration. But during the dark ages, the altar of the Lord fell down. It fell into disrepair because they made man-made altars. Amen. They made man way man-made approach to God. Just like building an idol because people who go to idols, they believe their God is going to speak to them out of that idol. And when they and and when they, you know, give an offering to that idol, they're not giving it to the literal statue. you to give it to the God that that idol represents. Yes. Amen. So, it was a time of dark ages and the altar of the Lord fell down. And so, God had to send an Elijah at the end time because an altar, remember an altar is now your you place your sacrifice upon the altar and then God receives the sacrifice. So, you need to have the right kind of approach. Are you following me? Amen. You've got to have an approach according to the word. Yes. If it's not according to the word, you made the wrong approach. That's why, you know, you see, like Jesus said, enter in at the straight gate. Matthew chapter 7, that word is s t r a i t. Not straight as in straight line, but a straight as in a narrow passage of water like the cook straight or the fobbo straight or to straight or wherever. And so he's saying, "Enter ye in at the straight gate." And the water is the gate. Repent and be baptized name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. for the remission s you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. The baptism is the gate. That is the approach to repent, turn, follow God, and you go in the gate. Amen. And so, but then people say, "No, that's rubbish." You know, we baptize in the titles, you know, Matthew 28:19, that's the that's that's Jesus' literal word, and we'll take it above Peter's word. Well, there's no revelation. Who was speaking through Peter on the day of Pentecost? Who was speaking? What is the name? What is the name of the father and the son, the holy ghost? One name, the lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Peter wasn't contradicting. He just had the interpretation of what Jesus said. Amen. But then people say, "No, you don't need to be baptized that way. You don't need to do those things." What's happened? They've gone, they're trying to build another altar. Amen. They're trying to approach God a different way. And once upon a time, that was okay cuz God winked at the ignorance of the people. But now the light has come. Now, the truth of the scriptur is here. And so, it took Elijah now to rebuild the altar. There was a lot of idols. There was Baal. There's a lot of idols. You say, "I'm in a bad condition. The spirit of Elijah has come. The word of the Lord is here." Amen. But the altar has to be rebuilt. Amen. And then the sacrifice goes on the altar. Amen. There's the wood and the yolk. Everything's got to be into place. And then so when all that was done and the water was poured on the altar, you go read you go read Elijah's prayers. Hear me, oh Lord. Hear me that thou art God. I've done all these things according to your word and you have turned the hearts of the people back again. Then the fire fell. The fire fell upon the sacrifice, burnt up the whole thing. And then what happened? The people said, "The Lord, he is God." Amen. What happened? Their hearts were being turned. They were estrained in all different kind of places and separated from God. But then the sacrifice was placed, the fire fell, and their hearts were turned back. And that's the purpose of God sending the spirit of Elijah. Amen. Amen. To turn your heart. Hallelujah. To turn the hearts of the people back. Amen. To a real walk with God. That's why that's why John the Baptist came in the spirit of Elijah. He wanted to God wanted to turn the people from the faith of the, you know, Moses and things. He turned the hearts of the fathers to the children. So turning them from the law of Moses and the traditions to receive the Messiah. And his ministry did it. His preaching, the anointing that came through the word he was speaking literally turn people's hearts, turn their affections because the heart is the seed of the affection in a person. Turn their whole ways to serve the living God. Amen. And that's why I said I'll send you Elijah in the end time to turn your hearts of the children back to the fathers to the turn your heart back to the faith of the original fathers. Hallelujah. Faith of the fathers living still. Amen. And it sure is living still. Hallelujah. So it takes and that's why it's so important. Just take the word as it is. Amen. Take it in the spirit it's given. And it's the spirit of Christ in that word which will literally turn your heart. Amen. If you're a strange, you know, if you're if you feel separated, you may be living in a house, but you feel like you're living in a different kind of country, let the spirit of God get your heart back to where it should be. Amen. Let this message turn your heart. Hallelujah. That's why God, that's why it's so amazing. You know, oh, you say all so negative things, your heart will go astray. Your heart will go this way. But there's a power upon the earth. Amen. There's a power upon the earth to get a person's heart and place it where it should be. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why it's so glorious. God comes in, takes out all the idols. Remember, we live in an hour. Daniel saw a vision and he saw a statue. You know, the statue of gold and it goes down to the feet of iron and clay. But then a stone was cut. It came out of the mountain with cut without hands. Came down and smoked the image in the feet. Hallelujah. And then that and then that stone became a you know then the then the image that was broken you know was just blown away as dust in the wind and then that stone became a great big mountain that filled the whole earth which is the kingdom of God. Now that has to happen in you. Amen. Because we were born under the anointing of of wherever we are from. What's the culture? The culture is the spirit of the nation that you're in. That dictates your culture. Amen. And there's good and there's bad in every culture. But we are not called to live according to a national culture or a color or a language. Amen. We're all one people by one spirit. We're baptized into one body. Hallelujah. That's why it doesn't matter. I can go to Papa New Guinea and I feel at home just like I'm at here. Go to Vanuatu. I'm at home here. Go see everyone here. I just feel at home. Hallelujah. I know this will go on the internet, but but we had a Christmas dinner at home. People from church and visitors and things. Amen. I thought this is family round the table. Hallelujah. Cuz we're all bloodwashed, redeemed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so we're called to live above. That's why I think many times you see, you know, even among believers there's there's oh there South African, we're Kiwi or whatever whatever nationality. That's still a national spirit operating. Amen. Those people are still living under their national spirit. But yet worth, oh, I believe the message. But has the message come into them? Because if if God comes in, you don't care where the person's from. Are you bride? Yes. There's there's a there's a witness. The same spirit and God that's in me is in you. Hallelujah. And that's how it should be. That's exactly how it should be. Hallelujah. So now this stone this is why we live in this such a tremendous hour because that is that stone is Christ and we know very well that the part of the prophet's ministry is to what that stone is to come and that stone is here. Amen. Because even now why is this world falling apart? Why is the world falling apart? It's not economics and war and oh and the environment all these things. The reason it's falling apart is because the bride is coming into her position because the kingdoms of the world must fall. And they are falling. And no amount of any human ability is going to be able to resurrect this world to make it live again. It takes the coming of our Lord Jesus. Amen. To fix this world. And the reason that is crumbling is because that stone now that Christ has come into the bride and it's and it's growing. The kingdom is is expanding. I trust you can see it in your own life that the Christian you once were, you no longer because you got a closer walk with God. You're more mature. You know who you are in him. You know who who he is. You have confidence in him. You're not blown around by every wind of doctrine anymore. Hallelujah. You're no longer just drinking the milk of the word, but now you're having the meat cuz you've grown up. Hallelujah. And things that once really put you in a head spin, now you just walk on. L. Amen. Because you have confidence. I've been this way before, but now God is with me and I just trust him through the trial. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Why? What's happening? The kingdom is expanding. Amen. And as the kingdom expands in the bride, this world is falling apart. It's your fault basically. That's all I'm going to say. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. So, you have to let You say, "Well, I don't feel that kind of way." Let the stone come. Yes. Yes. Amen. Let the stone come into your heart. Let Christ come in and smash down all the idols of this world. Amen. Because without that, God will answer you according to the idol in your heart. Amen. But the Lord is here. Amen. Thank you, Lord. To set at liberty them that are, you know, captive in all these things. We be captive by things in our own heart. Things that have happened in our life if we're not willing to to to actually give it over. Yes. Just like the man I told about people their whole life can be dictated to by one event. Yes. And then it can actually become something that they worship. Don't let that happen. Don't let it happen. You say it was terrible. I'm not I'm not downgrading anything. People go through terrible things that people should never have to experience, but don't let it become an idol. Amen. Amen. You say, "But I've been holding on to something for many, many years." Don't become a creature of habit. God is here that you can live above all things. Amen. If you want to if you want to. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to it. We live in a time of full restoration. Thank you, Lord. Amen. The stone is here. Amen. The seal Christ has descended. Amen. The remember the end of his coming is we'll meet him in the air. But that same mighty angel is present. He didn't die in 1965. That's right. Amen. We don't live under some tradition of man. That's right. Amen. We don't live and just try and reform and all these things. But that very God is among us. Amen. And that very God wants to do change you. If you're holding on to things, you say, "Well, my situation is terrible. Jesus, I just I just think about it quite often. Here he is on the cross. Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing. And it says in the scripture, they had councils. They had meetings. They planned it. How are we going to destroy him? We can't just take him because people think he's a prophet. and we can't do this cuz you know jeopardize our position. And they planned it. H you know humanly we think they knew exactly what they were doing. They were angry at him. They wanted to destroy him. Amen. But yet he said and people come against us sometimes and it's calculated and it's planned and they wait for the right moment and there you are. Here's the assassin's knife in your back. Right. Amen. Many times it's in the four walls of a church. Amen. But you got to understand Jesus, he when he said those words, they weren't just idol words. Yes. He actually genuinely he could go to Calvary, not a bitter man. He was a man acquainted with sorrows and grief. It says in Isaiah 53, to be acquainted, you you know that really well, right? Amen. They were good friends. My goodness. Oh my. I'm so glad he he went through all those things. He can understand what we're going through. Thank you. But he went because remember he was fully God, but he was fully man. He had to be fully God because no other man could come and redeem us. But he had to be fully man as well to understand you. Understand me. So here he was and he could have been a very bitter. He came to his own but his own received him not. Here I am. These you're the most holy nation. the mo yo yo brother I'm preaching the indictment but he say the most holy people the most holy city the most holy place and there they crucified him amen and he says it's all being repeated again the meant to be Christian world holy people holy places churches amen the most holy God is here but then they crucify him again amen that's right so here he came to his own now don't don't don't reject what I'm Okay. But here he was. He came to his own. The God that was over them in Moses was all the way down through the prophets had led them all the way. He had led them. And now here he was. You think he wasn't looking forward to that moment? I'm not just going to be above them. I'm going to be with them. But not just that I want to be in them. Amen. Cuz they are the place of my rest. Hallelujah. Amen. And here he was. Yeah. He said he said about the temple. He says he says destroy this temple. I'll raise it up again in three days. That word destroy means loose. In other words, loose me from this prison. Loose me from this temple. I don't just want to be in one person. I want to be in all my children. Amen. Here he was with this great burden of his heart. Hallelujah. And they rejected him. And they said, "Crucify him." They received Barabbus instead of him. It was a good day for Barabus, but it wasn't a good day for the for the nation. And he prophesied their destruction. and and he saw what Titus would do, you know, you know, destroying Jerusalem. He saw all those things. He prophesied it would happen and he wept over the city. But yet in all those things, he was not a bitter man. All those things did not hinder his what he knew he had to do in the scripture. He says, "For this cause I've come into the world." Amen. for this cause. And he did not let any of those things hinder or stop his walk of what he had to fulfill in the scripture. Amen. And here you are to finish the work that he started. Amen. Because we are living out the second part of redemption. Amen. Amen. Remember, there's one part to redeem is to purchase the thing you want to redeem. And the second part is to lift it up to its original position. Amen. And as the ministry of the bride of Christ is to fulfill that great commission. Amen. We have we have word to fulfill. We're not just here spectators idly going through a religious life. We have scripture to fulfill. Amen. We have it's not just to take a rapture. That's the end of the scripture. But it's it's being prepared for that rapture. It's to find every lost one. Everyone that can be saved. We must gather them in. Amen. The ark door is open. We want to get everyone in. We can. That's part of our and to live it be a living witness to this dying generation. That's our scripture we're called to fulfill. Now, but the question is now, are you going to let disappointments and hardship and misunderstanding and and you know, terrible even things from your childhood, whatever it is, are you going to let that hinder that? No. Amen. Oh, God. Now, I I hope you're not saying down here, but it wrecked my life. It might have, but Jesus is here to heal the brokenhearted. Amen. So, it's really up to you. What do you want? Amen. Cuz if it didn't stop him and the same spirit that was in him is in the bride. Amen. So, if he was able, remember Jesus, the reason he lived the way he lived was to be a living example. But he didn't live it in such a way to make you say you can never obtain this. Amen. Amen. Cuz he came down to become you that you would become him by grace. Is that right? So the very life just like the life of the prophet. You see Christ in mature form there in the life of the prophet that wasn't now we know we there's no one man ministry scripture anymore. It's a many you know many membered body and all these things now. But the life he lived you can live. Amen. He comes into his home. Visitors are all in the place. His wife's all upset. The children are hungry and fussing on the, you know, just great turmoil. And he comes in. He's praying in his heart. Lord, just send your Holy Spirit down to my wife. Quiet the kids. What does he do now? What did what's he doing? He's taking dominion over the atmosphere. Amen. Now, this this was demonstrated and put on tape to show you this. The same God in him is in you. Amen. So, he comes into his home. He take and he and he's putting on an apron. honey, you know, let me and and and his wife's all, you know, surprised. What are you doing? I'm just going to cook and I'm going to do this. And you know, what's he doing? Taking dominion. And then he begins to talk to her about some other thing. And the next thing you know, the kids are settled. She's all she's all relaxed now. Everything's fine. Amen. Oh. Oh. But that's just every day. Yeah. Amen. That is Christianity is every day. Yeah. And so all that was demonstrated to show now this is the life we're called to live. Amen. But if we're just living according to culture or this is how my parents did it and this is how you know this, you know, they did it so I'm going to do it this way and this is how it should be and I've got quotes to support my stand. You'll never be able to do it. Amen. But if you just walk and have that have that understanding, God, you did it in the prophet. Yes. Thank you, Jesus. That same you, you're the same God in me. That's right. I can live the same kind of life. Yes, Lord. Amen. Then he did that to show you a living example. And brother Bram could have died a bitter man. Amen. He could have died a bitter man. But remember, even when he lost his love for the people after the opening of the seals, God brought him back again. Amen. because he showed him if you keep you know because he wanted to go be a hunter in north northern British Columbia I want to be a trapper. I've always wanted to be a trapper. I take my family, go up there. When God gives me a word, I'll come out of the wilderness like an Old Testament prophet. Thus say the Lord, blast it out, I'll go back up again. But then God showed him, if you continue this way, your your wife will leave you. You'll end up a bum on the street. Amen. And God and he and he God put his finger on it because he says, "I've lost my love for the people because of the rejection the message has received." Amen. So God brought him back again. These are all to show. Was the prophet redeemed? Yes. Was he in Was he adopted son? Yes. Amen. Was he was he fulfilling the scripture allotted to him? Yes. Amen. But these things begin to make him try and go sideways. And he could have made that he could have made that an idol. Amen. The people, you know, but he didn't. when the Lord came down and showed him, he repented of it and he continued on. Amen. Now, I'm using that example because you say, "Well, I've never had a spouse die and I've never lost a child, you know, like he lost his first wife and you know, little Sharon Rose." So many people can't relate to those things, but there always comes a time where we lose our love for one another because of how brother or sister treats us. That's right. But now the challenge is now do you want the rest of your Christian walk to be dictated to because of that? Oh, brother brother so and so, sister so and so is here. I I I I just you know and your whole remember as I said in the start an idol when the people come into the presence of their idol their whole attitude demeanor changes. Amen. So you can have something ought against someone and they can actually become an idol even if you don't actually adore that person because when you come into their into their presence now you change. Amen. Are you going to let those things stop you? Let's just bow our heads, shall we? If anyone wants to be remembered in prayer, just want to raise your hand. Gracious heavenly father, I have both hands up. Dear Lord, I've delivered what you put on my heart. I just pray now, oh God, that Lord, Lord, we know the things even now things come on our hearts. Father, a complex can become an idol. Lord, Father, bad situations in life can become an idol. But Father, we don't want those things to dictate to us. And Father, I pray for everyone here. Lord, you know the road they've walked. Some have walked very hard roads. Some are still walking hard roads. Father, some are through deep trials and great fires. And oh Lord, but Father, you promise, Lord. You said in your word, if you go through the water, I'll be there. If I go through the fire, I'll be there and it will not kindle upon you. And Father, we thank you, oh God, that your promise, Lord, even if we go through deep valleys and hard things, Lord, you said you'd be with us through those hard things, oh God. And father I pray Lord maybe things when we were very young Lord maybe our first memory could be a terrible memory but Lord I pray Lord give us grace to just lay it at your feet and Father no one wants to live according to some idol that's been fashioned in us Lord we want to serve the true and living God Lord in Lord to walk with you in purity oh God in holiness Lord Jesus father we don't want our hearts to be astray someplace or be separated from you and Father I pray Lord the spirit of this word. This message is to turn the hearts of the people back again. And Father, I pray you grant that by your grace. Father, heal each one now whose hands are raised. Father, take the idols out, Lord. Take the complexes out, Lord Jesus. Take the hindrances away, oh God. Father, may you grant it for your glory. Lord, we thank you. There's a bomb in Gilead, Lord Jesus. There's healing, Father. You've arisen with healing in your wings. We praise your holy name, oh God. Hallelujah. Father, we just want to Lord, we just want to commit this service into your hands. Father, in Jesus Christ's name, may you just have your way in us, oh Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing. Um, let's just stand, shall we? Amen. Let's let's just go to the song uh created in me a clean heart, oh God. I'm not necessarily talking about salvation. Amen. Remember these things. Brother was he was adopted son redeemed, but yet his life was going on a detour because of bad experiences. Amen. It's the same thing. But I know the Lord, brother Ben. That's wonderful. But what is dictating to your life? Amen. That's why. Amen. Let's just sing this song, shall we? And if and if anyone would like prayer, you're more than welcome to come. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within. [Music] Oh, cast me not away from your presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. [Music] Restore unto me the joy of my salvation and your rise in [Music] every year. [Music] He made me a king. Oh God and renew my spirit with me. [Music] Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take thy holy spirit from me. Restore [Music] unto me the joy of my salvation [Music] and renew My children [Music] thy presence [Music] thy holy spirit for me [Music] to The joy of my salvation and reverence [Music] create me. [Music] Oh God, and renew your right spirit within me. Create in me a God and renew within me. Cast me not away from thy presence. Take up thy holy spirit from me. [Music] Restore unto me the joy of my salvation and renew a bright spirit within me. Cause be not away from the gra. [Music] of thy is for me to me joy of thy salvation and renew my spirit within me. Then [Music] [Music] my mind just fails. to know exactly you are. [Music] My God takes place with time of pain. The spirits growing deep within. It must be [Music] here in my soul. I feel the I feel the [Music] I hear it [Music] and I hold The spirit is truly me. My heart [Music] speaks to me [Music] and I am free. [Music] Lord, please come and take control. I feel the warm. [Music] I want to hear you and each smile and pray. [Music] He is calling me to give a higher praise. [Music] All toe like a great magnet. [Music] I know for sure that I'll reach the wall cuz I feel the Lord. [Music] I feel the poor. I hear the holy. [Music] And I know the spirit is moving me to give him my own. [Music] He speaks to me. Amen. Thank you. Can I [Music] Lord please come and take control? I feel the warm. I feel the [Music] right. I hear the call [Music] and I know the spirit is moving me. I'm giving my all. [Music] He speaks to me [Music] and I [Music] Lord please come and take control. I feel love. [Music] [Music] How deepless mother's love for us. [Music] How was beyond all measure that he would give his only son [Music] to make a rich how Pray the pain of steering. [Music] The father turns his face away. Best words which is your father. Bring his son to glory. Behold the man on the cross. My king upon his shoulder [Music] thy ear. Oh above the star now my s [Music] [Music] His lighting has [Music] great [Music] I [Applause] [Music] through tears I see his strange [Music] as he declares me for how great the love has sold me out. [Music] How infinite is his mercy. His love has been great [Music] and he claims me as his virgin. [Music] I will not boast in any thing. [Music] No give, no bow, no way, but I will boast in Jesus Christ. [Music] his death and resurrection. [Music] Why should I gain from this world? [Music] I cannot give an answer, but this I know with all my heart [Music] is good. Have made my rest. [Music] How great the golf that God did to come where I lay Help me through tears. I see his outstretch as he declares me. How great the love that sought me out. How infernies. His blood has cleans my heart. and place me as his purchase. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Amen. Let's have Tony Sonia. You're going home. We'd like to pray for you before you go. And would you like to come forward? Amen. [Music] God bless you. It's amazing that the time's already gone. Let's just bow our heads, shall we? We'll pray. Gracious father, Lord, we pray for her precious daughter. Lord Tani Sonia, Lord, we love her. Lord, bless Sonia as she goes back to South Africa. Lord, I pray you, Lord, just the few weeks she's been here with her family. Lord, may it have been a blessed one. And father, the presence of you that she's felt, Lord, when she's been in their home. And Lord, here, Father, I pray you just go with her in a greater way. Lord, she loves you with all her heart. And Father, I pray you just give her a closer walk with you. Give her the desires of her heart, Lord, and bless her in abundance, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that we may not see each other again on this side, but we believe we'll see each other again on the other side, Lord. Bless her abundantly and her family back in South Africa, Lord. And we just want to commit her into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. [Applause] [Music] Let's just sing one more as we go. Let's sing Jubilee. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad God can just come take all the things of the world away? Hallelujah. Amen. I trust this is this is my testimony. I don't know about you. This is my testimony. Yes. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Years and years I labored. Toils and tears were my me. Since my day just took me prisoner, send me to slavery. And every day that I toil, the jubilee was drawing closer. My years was the longest year. It ain't never heard a sound. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. And I ain't going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. Years I spent in confusion. I had eyes but couldn't see. The enemy had me stumbling in darkness. Spiritual slavery. But then I heard the prophet speaking. I heard the voice behind the voice in a tent and let the light shining. Think we can all go free. And then I heard the jubilee. I walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard the Jubilee, I walk free and I going back to slavery [Music] because Jesus has set me free. [Music] And when I heard the Jubilee, I walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard the Jubilee, I was free. And I ain't going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. Oh Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free. And him whom the son set free. [Music] He is free indeed. Oh Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free and he the son free. He is free in me. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. And I ain't going back to slavery. Amen. Because Jesus has set me free. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. And I ain't going back to slavery. Because Jesus has set me free. Because Jesus has set me free. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. See how we live in friends. Amen. Amen. God bless you in Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. [Music] My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater. Wonderful Savior. Jesus the Lion of Judah. [Music] Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealing you and me came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovven me see the grim forcer as the only will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Your victory will come not the way that you think it should, but my great Jehovah just does a paradox. Just stay in your position and watch him miraculous come into action. Our God is tremendous. His strength never fail. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sent his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. [Music] When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true won't forget his own. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never fail. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God of simplicity revealing you and me. came down from its glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Our God is tremendous. His strength never fail. He go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sent his angels to guide me. There's a strong devout. How God cannot handle how God in simplicity revealing you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the big tree. The greatest story [Music] came down from his glory and gave us the big tree. The greatest story came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] been down on your knees in the garden of Gethsemane and poured out all the leaves. saying, "Father, if you're willing, take this cup from me. Let not my will and let your will be done." Lord, you have taken the enemy's crown. With pain in the darkness, you had me found. We're marching in step with the heavenly sound. [Music] We're marching through the gates. Undefeated. We will walk from the face of the earth. Undefeated to the lamb that was promised by God. Undefeated through the blood that was shed on the cross. Victorious undefeated. We will walk from the face of the earth. Undefeated to the lamb that was promised by God. Undefeated to the blood that was shed on the cross. Victori. [Music] Now we are standing in the presence of our king. Glory in the highest will be our praise to him. There is nothing in this hour that can stop his kingdom come. Glory hallelujah will be offered to you. Lord, you have taken the enemy's crown. With pain in the darkness, you had me found. We're marching in step with the heavenly sound. We're marching through the gates undefeated. We will walk from the face of the earth. Undefeated to the lamb that was promised by God. Undefeated through the blood that was shed on the cross. Victorious. Undefeated. We will walk from the face of the earth. Undefeated through the lamb that was promised by God. Undefeated through the blood that was shed on the cross. Victori. [Music] victorious. [Music] Lord, you have taken the enemy's ground. With pain in the darkness, you had me found. We're marching instead with the heavenly sound. [Music] We're marching through the gates. Undefeated. We will walk from the face of the earth. Undefeated through the lamb that was promised by God. Undefeated through the blood that was shed on the cross. Victory. [Music] Undefeated. We will walk from the face of the earth undefeated to the lamb that was promised by God. Undefeated through the blood that was shed on the cross. Victori. [Music] Delight yourself in the Lord, the person at the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord. Delight. Delight yourself in the Lord. A person at the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord. Regardless of what I see or what the enemy tries to take from me, my heart will sing his praise. As I stand and shake and steadfast in faith, he is the open door to every place I've never been before. [Music] I delight myself in him. [Music] Delight yourself in him. [Music] Delight yourself in the Lord. Person at the center of our faith. [Music] Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord. Regardless of how I feel. [Music] As hell breaks loose and sin reveal, my heart will sing his praise. As our Lord descends at the end of days, he gives me everything beyond all that I could ever dream. I delight myself in him. Delight yourself in him. So delight yourself in the Lord. First at the center of our face. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord. Delight. Delight yourself in the Lord. The person at the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord [Music] as I delight myself in him. Every battle I fight, I win. As I delight myself in him. Every battle I win. As I delight myself in him. Every battle I find our way. As I delight myself in him, every battle I win. Delight yourself in the Lord. Listen at the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord. Delight. Delight yourself in the Lord. Person at the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself. [Music] There's another one. Some glad morning. When this life is over, I fly away to on God's shore. I fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by. I'll fly away. In the shadows of this life have thrown. I'll fly away like a bird from prison bars left flown. I'll fly away. [Music] Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly my way. I won't die. Hallelujah. Lie and bound. I'll fly away. [Music] Just a few more weary days. And then I'll fly away to a land where joy will never rain. I'll fly my way. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly my way. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly my fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by. I'll fly my way. So glad, some glad morning. When this life is over, I'll fly my fly away to a home on God's lives shore. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I fly away. [Music] I won't fly. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly my way. [Music] Hallelujah. Lift up ye gates swing wide your everlasting door. Lift up your head. Oh ye g up foreverlasting glory that the king of glory may come. Let the king of glory may come. Let the king of glory make coming. Let the king of glory make come upon the day. He is through every rank of heavenly power. and prepare the highest place for what the gates of welcome. Let the king of glory may come in. Let the king of glory may come in. Let the king of glory may come in. And the king of glory may come in with drop the blast and the joy. All heaven g the risen king. Angel wo run away. Pro the gates and welcome him. That the king of glory may come in. That the king of glory may come in. That the king of glory may come in. Let the king of glory may come in. Let the king of glory may come in. Let the king of glory may come in. Let the king of glory may come in. Let the king of glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Men of faith, rise up and sing of the great and glorious king. You are strong when you feel weak in your brokenness complete. Shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth. Rise up woman of the truth. Stand and sing to broken hearts. Who can know the healing power of thy glory going of love. We will shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth. We've been through fire. We've been through rain. We've been refined by the power of his name. We've fallen deeper in love with him. You've been the truth on our live. [Music] We will shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth church with broken wings. Fill this place with songs again of our God who reigns on high. By his grace again will fly. We will shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth. We will shout to the north and the south. We will sing to the east and the west. Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth. Lord of heaven and earth. Lord of heaven and earth. Hallelujah. We just want to sing all day long. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Last Everything. Jonathan I'll put it He knows all of it. He knows Oh my god. [Music] [Music] [Music] Christmas. Good morning. [Music] I'm sorry. Then we need him as well. What do you think? I was listeningly. [Music] I hate this. reporting the monster. I think I didn't
