################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2021-09-25 - 210925 - Perilous Times - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2021-09-25
Title:    210925 - Perilous Times - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLSzpkDLvR4
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise the Lord. God bless you all this morning. We are we must be a reasonably young church because um we have a we have a youth banquet and half the church is gone which is a good thing. I love young people. I like the there's a there's a bit of a pliableness about a young about young people. Yeah. And a they can be influenced, you know, and know you can actually when when when you think back you into your sort of teenage years or late teens, early 20s, I guarantee there were probably people that changed your life that maybe they didn't know that they did, but in a good way, they they influenced you a certain way. I know there are in my life and these people didn't know they were, but because we're influential, you know, we can go we can be influenced either way. And yeah, I know that we all there are probably people in your life at the moment that you're influencing and and you're going to influence the course of their life, younger people. So may we get to the end of the road and our influence on life on the world has been a good influence, you know, to to it's been to encourage people, to help people, and to to lead people on along. Not not you don't lead everyone to Christ. Some you do, but other people just wherever you can try and lead people in a good way and and influence the world in a good way. So, let's um let's stand this morning. We'll pray for the youth. We'll pray for us here. We'll just pray for the service. I believe the Lord's going to bless us this morning. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that we've got so many youth in our midst. Lord, that there's life amongst us and and even it's a miracle in this age where there are so many distractions, Lord. the the world is engineered. Satan's engineered the world to capture the youth, Lord, to do what he can to capture them. And he's got so many devices and they they have so much against them, more so than probably a lot of the generations that have ever walked upon the face of the earth, Lord. And yet here we are, Lord. There there are a lot of youth here serving you, wanting, desiring to serve and love you, Lord. And we thank you so much for that. We thank you for a great fellowship. We thank you for a great pastor and his wife and family and and brothers and sisters here, Lord, that that are that have stood up and willing to fight the good fight of faith, Lord, to to make a ground for you, Lord, to what we can call holy ground, Lord, and to claim it for your kingdom, to stand, Lord, to resist against the evil, to Lord, to push back against lies, against the the ways of Satan that he would try and put upon man and and the roads he would try and lead people down. Lord, we we've made a stand and we we desire, Lord, to set ground to gain ground for you to to impart your word into people's lives, into young people's lives, Lord, and to lead people down the paths of righteousness, Lord. I thank you for each one here, Lord, that that's doing that for this fellowship, Lord. And we can see the influence that it's having, Lord, and that and that there are the young people want to have a desire to walk down the same paths of righteousness, Lord. And we know that it's not man-made. It's not just because we can cunningly do it a certain way. We know it's by your spirit, Lord. And yet, you've called us to to to act and to do and to stand, Lord, and to preach and to fight the good fight of faith, Lord. So, I just pray a blessing upon each one here this morning that continues to fight the good fight of faith. Lord, at the end of the road, I think we'll see the influence that we had, Lord. Even if people here don't realize that they're so influential to every person here and to those around them. So, I just want to pray a blessing and just pray your bless this morning, Lord, in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We're going to have a good service this morning. I can feel the presence of the Lord here already. Some glad morning when this life is over, I'll fly away. Oh, some glad morning. When this life is over, I I'll fly away to a home on God's celestial shore. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glor, I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Oh, in the shadows. When the shadows of this life have grown, I fly away. Like cover from prison bus has flown. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, [Applause] fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Oh, I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. And just a few more weary days ending. I fly away to a land where joy shall never end. Oh, I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. Bye. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory [Applause] away. [Music] I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by [Music] fill my way, fill my way every day with love as I walk with a heavenly love. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Well, let me walk. Let me walk. Blessed Lord in the way that has gone, leading straight to the land above. Giving cheer everywhere to the sand and below. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my savior and guide. Let me never in darkness ro. Keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heaven me. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly dove. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Soon the race, soon the race will be over and I'll travel no more but in my home above. Well, let me sing blessed king all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a he let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Well, fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with one more time. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly love, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. I think as you go on in the Lord and you understand more, you see how destructive hate is. So eventually you just don't want to have any part of it, you know. So you say, "Lord, fill my way every day with love. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater. A wonderful savior Jesus the lion of Judah. How God is tremendous [Music] [Applause] [Music] angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealing you and me. Came down from his glory. Gave us the victory. The greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah is the great enforcer as he only will fight your battle. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Your victory will come the way that you think it should. My great Jehovah just loves some paradox. Stay in your position and watch the miraculous action. [Applause] Our God is streng [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] there is no storm too powerful that God cannot handle that God is simplicity down from his glory. Give us the victory. The greatest love story. I got I got this fire just might be there powerful that God cannot handle that simplicity you me of his glory. He gave us one life. The greatest love story. Our God, our God is strengthening [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] powerful and God cannot handle that and God is simplicity you me down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Amen. You can have your seats. This morning we have a special from Gabby. [Music] Everyone um this song I have to sing song that reminds us that he is always there for us and he never Okay. [Music] I wish you How much I long for you to understand. No matter what may go [Music] foren [Music] but even though your heart is out the world to stand [Music] away. I spend the everlasting Father has made his strong [Music] love. I'll be with you everywhere and everything. And even refuse to miss the joy of [Music] go [Music] with my spirit. [Music] The everlasting father has made his [Music] stronger than the world. [Music] I'll be with you everywhere in everything you do. And even if you do it wrong and miss the joy of I'll never I'll never let go of your hand. I'll never [Music] I'll never let go of your hand. [Applause] Praise the Lord. I'll never let go of your hand. That's very good. Brother Ben, you've done a great job passing on your musical talent. [Laughter] Amen. Let's stand this morning. Let's worship the Lord before we call up Ben. [Music] In Christ alone my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my song. This corner storm, this solid ground, firm through the fiercest drought and storm. What heights of love? What depths of peace? When fears are still, when striving cease. [Music] hide all in all here in the love of Christ I said [Music] in Christ alone who took on flesh fullness of God in helpless faith this gift of love and righteousness scorned by the ones he came to save. Till on that cross as Jesus died, all the wrath of God was satisfied till every sin on him was laid. Here in the death of Christ I live. His body laid a flight of the world by darkness. [Music] Then bursting forth in glorious day. Up from the grave he rose again. And as he stands in victory, sin's curse has lost its grip on me. For I am his and he is mine. Walk with the precious blood of Ben as he stands. And as he stands in victory, sin's curse has lost his grip on me. For I am his and he is mine. Bought with the precious blood of Christ. No fear in g, no fear in death. This is the power of Christ in me. From life's first cry till final breath. Jesus commands my destiny. No power of hell, no scheme of man can ever pluck me from his hand till he returns or he calls me home here in the power of Christ. No power of hell, no power of hell, no scheme of man can ever block me from his hand till he returns or calls me home. Here in the hour of Christ I stand. [Music] There is a source in times of need that gives me hope. That brings me peace in every trial. Through every tear my savior stands in my There is a source. There is a source in times of need that gives me hope. that brings me peace. In every trial, through every test, my Savior stands in my defense. So when the road you walk leaves you tight and warm, all your strength is gone. and your heart feels. Remember God is greater than the storm. Take courage. The battle is the Lord. And when the waters rise, he calls my name and bids me calm out of the waves. And he holds my hand, lest I should fall and makes me stand out on the water. So when the road you walk leaves you tight and w all your strength is gone and your heart feels strong. Remember God is greater than the storm. Take it from the battle is the Lord. When the road you walk, when the road you walk leaves you tight and warm, all your strength is gone and your heart feels strong and the God is greater than the stor. Take courage for the battle is cuz my hope is in the Lord. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and never more. Oh my heart is in the Lord forever more. I stand and awk within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the age lies. For whom the raing of the sea subside, the living sacrifice. You're the only source of life. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and never more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies, his tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sin in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in you, they will find their hearts in my home in the Lord. From this time on I never know. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. My hope is in the Lord. Oh yes. My hope, [Applause] my soul. I worship your holy name and bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Sun comes up. It's a new day, darling. It's time to sing your songs again. Whatever may pass and whatever lies before me, let me be singing when the evening comes. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Wo my soul. I worship his holy name. [Music] Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. You're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness, I will keep on singing. [Music] 10,000 reasons for my heart. [Applause] Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, [Music] sing. [Applause] [Music] Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. And on that day when my strength is there, the end draws near and my time has come. Oh, still my soul. Sing your praise me. [Music] 10,000 years and forever. [Applause] Bless the Lord my soul. [Applause] Oh my soul, I worship you. [Music] Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad we're going to run out of time one day? There'll be no more time. You have eternity to praise him. Amen. Thanks, brother Isaac. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Praise God. Good to have everyone here today. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you all. Amen. Good to have Kiara here. God bless you from Switzerland. So, I've pronounced your name. God bless you. Amen. Welcome everyone. Amen. Yes. So, the banquet's on. Or was last night. Everyone looked fancy from the photos I saw. So thankful that they could go enjoy that. Amen. Um let's go on the scripture um this morning to 2 Timothy 3 and um yeah we're going to just have a good time in the Lord this morning I believe so good to have everyone here. Amen. Everyone feeling well? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Praise the Lord. Good. Amen. So 2 Timothy 3 and we'll read verses 1 to5 and says know this also that in the last days perilous times shall come for men shall be lovers of their own selves covetous boasters proud blasphemers disobedient appears unthankful unholy without natural affection truce breakers false accusers incontinent fierce despisers of those that are good traitors hyminded lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God having a form of godliness but denying the power of from such turn away. My what a description of a I pray none of us are in that category this morning. Amen. But and and then also we're going to read, you don't need to turn to it, but we're going to read Matthew 24 and 24 here. It says, "For there shall arise false Christs and false prophets and shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, aren't you glad it's not possible?" Amen. They would deceive the very elect. Amen. So, let's uh let's bow heads in a word of prayer this morning and um yeah, amen. Let's commit our lives to the Lord to and and this service. Amen. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, Lord, that we can truly sing. Lord, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Lord, we give you glory this day, Lord. Thank you. We can gather as a people today. I pray, Father, that your great presence would be very tangible, very real. Lord, I pray you'd take your word, anchor it into our hearts, Lord. I pray go beyond language barriers today, Lord. May your anointing speak to every life Lord and not only here but Lord also those who are away Lord. We think of the youth Lord up in Tanaki for the banquet Lord. I just pray they would have had a blessed time last night. Blessed time this morning Lord. May you bring them safely home to us dear God. And Father be with all those who are traveling Lord Jesus be with those who are unwell in body who couldn't be here today. I ask dear God may your presence be so real with them too. Lord you're a personal God. You said I'll never leave thee nor forsake thee. I'll be with you even in you to the end of the world. So I pray father that Lord you'd speak to their lives too Lord then those sick and body may you raise them up Lord may you meet every need Lord God we want to commit our lives into your hands Lord take complete control Lord of speaker myself and hear Lord those who are listening Lord for your glory in Jesus Christ's name amen God bless you friends you can have your seats this morning so I want to speak about perilous times today and we're going to go it's not all going to be negative as such it's going to go positive positive. But you know, I find it very interesting uh the arrangement that that the scriptures laid in. You know, it's like, you know, when you read the gospels, there's a reason why certain things happen, then a parables taught, then another thing happens. It's all in a certain order of events. It's like the same with brother's ministry is, you know, you know, there's a reason certain messages were preached at certain times. You know, for example, like there's a statue of a perfect man, then there's a guide, and then there's all these different sermons that are clumped together, and it's actually telling a story or it's an unfolding of a truth. Now, we've, you know, I read here 2 Timothy 3 cuz isn't it interesting when, you know, you think about how when the Apostle Paul, he was inspired to to, you know, God anointed him to forewarn us that perilous times were coming in the last days. And but isn't it amazing that he did not he did not um he did not list that there will be a great rise of atheism science would corrupt people's minds that it was not entertainment that would be the thing which would cause the peril it wasn't communism it wasn't fascism it wasn't I don't know whatever ism or spasm that's going on in the world he didn't list any of those things that none of those things make the world perilous he did not say that the economy was going to fall apart like it was He didn't list any of those things. But yet, we look at those things and we think that's the reason there's peril. But that ain't the reason at all. You see, no, it's not it's not those things that make it a perilous time. It's actually that people that men would be lovers of their own selves. Amen. That really this to me uh and and and I find this even interesting as well is that why did the apostle Paul lay this as the foundation or the beginning of this description of this people that we just read? He did not start with lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God or even hidey or high-minded or no he started with lovers of their own selves. And to me he's saying this is because this is the foundation at which all of these descriptions here of a people that uh that cause peril stem from that they love their own selves. And isn't this the opposite of a true Christian where because remember it says having a form of godliness. So these people here are are are believers. Amen. They they profess Christianity. They profess the cross. They profess that God, you know, is their savior. Jesus Christ is God. All those things. But yet there's something in them that is that is not actually manifesting this word. No, they're actually manifesting the spirit in the last days. Amen. Because we know that we live in a time where it is the time of self self, you know, exaltation. You know, even, you know, we know we live in the age of the selfie. And there's nothing wrong with taking selfies, but it's really the motive of why people do it. You know, people get addicted when they, you know, social media has this way of gra gripping people that where instead of, you know, out of just a happiness or a joy that they share their lives, they share their lives to see how many likes they get or how many comments they get or hearts or, you know, different emoji responses. It becomes an addiction to it's actually a self worship. It's a selfex uh exaltation, you know, lifting self up. And even there's been studies shown that different generations will take selfies at different angles. They've been stud people study these things. So older generations hold their phone higher up and you can see more of what's behind them. The younger generation is more like this and all you see is them, right? And it's and that spirit isn't just on and it's to me it's not actually just a younger generation change. It's just a spiritual shift because at first you know it starts where a selfie began with this is where I am. Amen. I'm sharing where I I am here, right? I'm actually you're putting personality into the photo cuz here I am. This is what I'm doing. But now it's look at me. There's a shift going on. Why? Because there's a time when people would become lovers of their own selves. And this does not exclude Christians. Amen. Because this actually the peril that we live in, the danger that we face is actually the reason why this time is so perilous is because people who claim to be Christians are lovers of their own selves instead of lovers of God. I'm sure I've got everyone's attention by now. Amen. Because this does not exempt us. And by no means Amen. No, we are we are people like anyone else's people, you know, but we got to realize that this is the this is the pressure of this age. This is this is what the world wants to conform us into is that we are selfabsorbed. And that's not even just people have a good life. People can have a hard life and become very self-absorbed. People who live under a pity party and poor me and it's not fair and all those things. It's actually their own pride lifting themselves up. Not and look how great I am, but look how hard I've had it and it's not fair and life is wrong. And their focus is upon themselves. Friends, our focus should never be upon ourselves. Amen. No. The focus of our lives should be upon the Lord Jesus. Amen. The one who purchased, redeemed us by his blood. It's not about us. But I'm sure you can see how this could deceive the very elect if it was possible. Because someone can act like a Christian. Someone can dress like a Christian. Someone can quote the quotes and quote the scriptures and have the right lingo as a believer, but yet they love themselves. Oh my. Amen. So this word lovers of their own selves is actually one Greek word and it means to be fond of self that is selfish lover of own self. So, as we go through this, I'm going to contrast I hope uh later on as we go, you know, there's there's a good self-love, right? And there's a bad selflove. This is a bad selflove cuz it's look how great I am. But you should actually love yourself in the fact that I'm a child of God. I've been redeemed by his blood. I have value. Amen. When the Lord Jesus died for me on Calvary, he put greater value on me than he did his own life. Otherwise, he would never have purchased our salvation. Right? So there should be good selflove. I'm here for a purpose. Amen. I'm here to be made in the image of God. I'm here that God can live through me to to the world. I'm not just a bunch of DNA walking around on two feet. No, I have value. I have purpose. That's good self loveve. And God can live through that. But you see, someone who loves themselves doesn't look how great I am. It's all about me. You know, isn't it interesting? We can really trace that back. We know where that came from, right? That came from Satan himself. Look how great I am. I'm made perfect. I'm so amazing. Amen. And it's an attribute of Satan that's come into the human race that is so deceptive. Amen. And even even this whole um thing here where it says having a form of godliness. Now the form is the formation. It's the it's the appearance. It's the outward shape, but it's not the inside piece, right? It's like this like you know there's concrete forms where uh where where builders will put wood around, right? Where the concrete's going to be poured. That's a form, right? But the form is not the concrete. The form is not the foundation. The form is got nothing to do with the building. If you just have that form there, you will not be able to build nothing. And see, and that's why it's Christianity can be just on the outside quoting the quotes, saying the right thing, conforming to a message culture, but that's just a form. That's not the believer, right? The believer is filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. A powerhouse of God. God dwells in that person. Amen. Deity dwells in you. Amen. Where it's him living his life out of you. That's no longer a form. That's the reality. I don't want form, friends. I want the real deal. I mean, I'm not interested in just quoting quotes and having an appearance and a this is how we do church and this is how things should be. It's just a structure or a formation or even a formula correct doctrine. You know, oh, we've got the right formula. We've got the right formula for baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. Or we've got the right formula of how to approach God. We're going to go beyond that. You see, Balam had the right formula to approach God in the book of numbers. He knew the right sacrificial system. You know, if you con you, if you compare Moses sacrifices with with Balam sacrifices, both had the right same approach to God. Balam knew how to get in contact with God. But he was a lover of his own self. He loved money. He was merely being letting God, you know, he he would use that gift in his life to further his own ends. He was a lover of his own self. You see, and the big difference between Balam and Moses is Moses had the shout of the king in the camp. He had the pillar of fire. They had the brass serpent. Amen. They had the power of God. Amen. They walking according to prophecy. Maybe turn myself down a bit, brother Ed. I feel like I'm in a fishbowl or something. I don't mean to be shouting, but you know, um I don't want to deafen anyone, but you see, you know, he had but Balam just had an approach. Moses had the So, so Bam just had a form, but Moses had the form and the inside. Amen. He had the for both had the same formula. Who's with me today? Okay. Don't put up a shield. Let's just, you know, we're not made this way, right? God has made us, Amen. not to be a love of our own self, but to love the Lord with all our heart, soul, mind, and strength. Amen. But you see, so Balum had the form only. Moses had the whole package. Aren't you glad you can walk with the pillar of fire today? Amen. The revealed word that he's taken you from this world to the next world. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, so you know people can have an outward appearance. But you see what is the whole purpose of you know people who are lovers their own selves. The reason it's perilous is because that person or a person like this will bind the people to them not to the word. Amen. They will always try and usurp authority. They'll try and be greater than everyone else. And my when you come into a presence of a believer that's like that you feel like you're useless. You're hopeless. You're never going to get anywhere. You discouragement comes in. I'm sure we've all spoken to people like that who who profess to be believers but yet amen they make you doubt your you know you feel so unspiritual you feel so you know not not not firm in your walk you don't even know in whom you have believed anymore because you begin to doubt yourself why is that because someone with a form of godliness has come along who's a lover of their own selves and what to do they project a superiority that you are nothing and they are everything this is this is where the deception can come in this is why it's perilous Amen. Because they can look the same. You can take two believers, you know, they can dress the same, act the same, speak the same, go to the same church. Even brother says that, you know, speaking of when Cain Cain would worship by knowledge and and Abel would worship by revelation, he'd say those t same spirits are in the tabernacle this morning. People worshiping by knowledge and people worshiping by revelation. Those who just worship by human knowledge, they become a lover of their own selves because it's carnality. Those who worship by revelation, you can't be a love of your own self when God reveals himself to you. It's impossible. Amen. Why? Because revelation has an outworking. Amen. Amen. Of a humble, yielded, surrendered life. Now, Amen. You see now so so what happens is those who if I can just find myself here is that perilous times don't appear to be perilous or you know when this comes in you you know we can take Abselon here Abselon was was after he murdered his older half brother he was next in line for the throne so he was handsome he was tall he was the whole package and the thing is he became he was a lover of his own self. Now this man would this man no one really knew what was in his heart until it came out in the open. And sadly when you know those ones who are lovers of their own selves they will have an agenda. And that agenda is always to exalt themselves above the rest. Those those who are lovers their own selves I mean feel entitled. And you could say well a true believer feels entitled to two two but it's two different entitlements. One, one is is those because Abselon felt entitled based on his birth, based on what he looked like, based on his mind and his plans that he was entitled to be the next king. He felt and you know people get entitled, they feel no, you know, I'm entitled to certain rights. You take someone who's not really a minister but tries to be a minister, they feel entitled that they're above the people that that that manual work going, you know, doing doing setting up, packing up, doing all those things, it's beneath them. Why? Because they're a lover of their own selves. Pride has lifted them up. That that you know the common ley work is is beneath them. But friends, we're all the same. &gt;&gt; Amen. There ain't there ain't no big eyes and little use in the kingdom of God. It's all us the same people, right? But you see someone doesn't, you know, someone who's it feels entitled, they feel no, I shouldn't have to I shouldn't have to just do manual mind-numbing work and grind through for the kingdom. No, I have my own position and I'm better than those things. What is that? because they have lifted their head. They have an inflated self opinion of themselves thinking that they're better than the common believer. We're all common believers here. &gt;&gt; Amen. So Abselon felt entitled to to to take the throne. Now, now how did he do this? You see, he started off see his agenda was he's going to take his father to this throne and he's going to use he's going to use charisma to do it. Oh my. Amen. And it came to I had such a good time with these things that Lord help us all. Amen. It came to pass after this that Abselon prepared him chariots and horses and 50 men to run before him. Now before this in the story, he's killed his brother. He's finally been reconciled to his father. He's back in Jerusalem. His exile's over. But you see, this is all his cunning plan because he had he loved himself more than the word. Because those that truly love the word, they will let God place him in the body in his time. I mean, they're not trying to push themselves forward. No, not at all. Amen. No, they want God to place them in a season. Sometimes that season may be in many years. It may be very soon, but God's people who do not love themselves but love the Lord, let God place them in places. Amen. But those that love themselves want to place themselves in those places. And we can see this in Abselon, how a contrast he was to his father. Amen. David had a uh he was a man after God's own heart. He wasn't a lover of his own self. Amen. He was on the run from Saul for many years. He had two chances. He could have killed Saul, taken the throne. But what? He did not lift himself up. Amen. He let God place them in his season. And those who are lovers of their own selves do not respect gifts of God. Amen. Unless it's their own, right? Because David had respect of Saul saying, "I will not touch the Lord's anointed." Amen. God will move him out when it's God's season. See, but you see, Abselon was not like his father at all. No, he was so lifted up in his pride of what he thought him thought he himself was, he begin to scheme. I'm going to get rid of my father. I'm going to become king. I And and what does he do? He uses charisma to sway the people. Imagine, you know, I couldn't find a good picture of it because, you know, but I would have loved to have found it here with, you know, I've just got Abselon here talking to this guy and we'll come to that soon. But imagine you're you're you're going through the streets of Jerusalem and then you hear this big fanfare. You hear the thundering of of of of horses hooves on the on the pavement. You hear chariot wheels and you see 50 men run before proclaiming here comes Solomon. I mean sorry here comes Abselon. Solomon was coming later. But you see here comes Abselon. So what is he doing? He's he's using this to to project himself as a great person. And how people want to use their own charisma to project. See, instead of pointing people to God, they'll point people to themselves. Amen. Because those who love their own selves want everyone to love them. Those who don't love the but those who love themselves the right way want everyone to love the Lord. Amen. But then what happens is people will use will use um will use the word for their own ends to make people be bound to them. So here's Abselon and you know he's there. He had raised up early. So what's he doing? He's trying to become noticed in what he's doing. He's trying to make it very public. If he had a, you know, if he had social media in that day, he'd be live streaming. I'm at the gate again. Another good day talking to the people and have selfies with people and he'd have his, you know, social media program going out projecting pointing people to him. Oh my. But you see here he is now. And then so and then so what he does is he uses and then what does he do? He tries to get between the people and the king. You see, the reason they would come to, if I have it there, I do have it there. The reason they came to Jerusalem is if there's any controversy, they would go to the king because the king was the final authority in Israel. He's more than just a king. He was the supreme judge there in Israel. So, people would come, there was a fuss, there was a fight and maybe the, you know, local magistrates or whatever couldn't couldn't resolve it. So, they went, they would appeal. It was like their high court or their privy council or whatever we have these days, Supreme Court was the king. And then so there they would go and then and then Absilon would you know people were walking this path he was and he would get himself between God's given counselor and the people and isn't it interesting people who love their own selves will always not speak to the people in in in positions they'll always go among the people and be very much in contact with everyone but their motive is to actually belittle those who are actually in place in God's offices and draw people to themselves. Amen. This is perilous, man. &gt;&gt; This is perilous. Why? Because the motive is I'm gonna swing all these people under my leadership instead of under the leadership of the word. Because you can all agree what Abselum was doing was contrary to scripture. I mean, if we could take this into today's setting, it would be someone who's trying to swing the church from the pastor under their own leadership, make a split, make their own group, and do their own thing. Not God inspired, not god led, but it's someone who loves their own self. wants to be lifted up and have their name great among the world. There's only one name that we should lift up. That is the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. This revealed word. That's the only name we should exalt. Amen. God ain't interested in lifting up people's names. That is the one name we should lift up. Amen. So here the people come along. They've got this problem and you know you know you they want to come see the king. But then what does Abselon say? You know he would he would exalt them, ask who they are, show interest in their lives. But his interest in their lives was only for his own ends. And isn't it amazing? You can you can know believers and as long as your friendship with them benefits them, they're your friend, right? But as soon as it begins to come the other way, you know, and and and and when when your friendship doesn't benefit them anymore, they just drop you. I'm sure we've all experienced these things. What is that? That person is a lover of their own selves. They're not really interested in you. They're interested in furthering themselves. And so here was Absilon pretending to to show interest in people's needs and cares, but his motive was selfish. He wasn't interested at all in what the people were going through. Actually, he was only interested in winning their hearts that he would become king one day. And then he would say in verse three says, "See, thy matters are good and right, but there is no man deputed of the king to hear thee." So you're saying, "Man, it's such a shame. You've got such a good case. I I I I feel what you're going through. I can relate with what you're going through. But there's no the king has not made a way for your case to be heard. The king was there. There was a way made. But yet Abselon twisted the word to say actually no one can hear you. Your voice will not be heard. Your your worry, your concern does not matter. That's what he's basically saying. He says, "If only I was a judge in the land that everyone would, you know, you know, if only, you know, if I was a judge, then everyone man u which hath any suit or case might come unto me that I would do them justice." So what is he doing? He's swinging the people to himself. Why? Because he was a lover of his own self. &gt;&gt; My Isn't it a shame that the pastor is too busy that no one can seem to help you at this time? There's things in place. But this is a person whose agenda is selfish. They want to lift themselves up. Abselon was interested in building his own kingdom. He was more interested in that than building the kingdom of God. And this is someone who's a love of their own selves. They will build their own kingdom. They will actually what their hobbies, what their what their thing that they enjoy most in life, they'll build their life around it. They'll isolate their family from church. They won't they won't change their lifestyle to further the spiritual growth of their family or themselves. They want to build their own little kingdom. Amen. It's a sad thing. But a person who's a lover, oh, but they, you know, people want to build a comfort zone that is such a rigid thing that they say, I am safe in this little place. They actually just love themselves and love what they do in that comfort zone. God doesn't want us to have a comfort zone. God wants us to go beyond our comfort zone. Amen. He wants us to walk out into the unknown with him. Amen. See, see, but people will build their own little world. They'll, you know, people will build churches, will build denominations. It's their own kingdom upon the earth. Oh, yeah. We know brother was the prophet of the age, but now I'm here to tell you what he meant. What's that person? Now, this is what people say. That's not what I'm saying. Okay? But people say that. Why? Because they're a love of their own selves. They want to lift themselves up above the message, above the word of God. Oh, don't listen to that group of churches. They don't have a right. This is how things should be. What are they doing? They're actually tying people to themselves instead of to the word. Amen. This is what happened. People are lovers of their ownelves. They want to be number one. They don't want God to be number one. They want him. They want themselves to be number one. They want to be the final authority on everything. Friends, we have one authority. &gt;&gt; Yes. which is the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. He is our final authority. It's not it's not my opinion don't matter. His word counts. Amen. And but someone who loves their own selves thinks well no no I have I have the wisdom. I have the ability. I have it all. SW together. And they will project that to the people that you have to listen to this. I trust we're all following together this morning. Amen. Now and so what did Abselon do? He swayed the hearts of the people. And then I think I've broken the projector. No. And then what happened? He started a civil war all by good in what appeared to be good intentions. But his motive was selfish. You know what God will do? If someone tries to build a kingdom, God will bust that kingdom up. If God's children are in that kingdom, he'll bust it up to get them out to make them so that they can walk with him. If there's anything that shields or gets in the way, God's going to take that person out of the way. Amen. Uzziah, Isaiah. Now, this is just totally off my notes because, you know, but you see, Uzziah was so caught up. He wanted to be a priest and, you know, went beyond his office of king and and and he died with leprosy. And Isaiah was a young man, but he was leaning too much on the influence of of the king. And what happened? God had to take the king out of the way. That you that Isaiah could come into the temple, cry unto the Lord. They'd have that heavenly vision. Amen. because God wanted to reveal himself in a greater way to the prophet. Amen. And it's the same thing with you and I, friends. If there's anything that hinders our walk, God's going to move it. Amen. He's going to make it uncomfortable. He's going to stir up the nest. Amen. Because he does not want you to stop. He doesn't want you to get you comfortable. He doesn't want you to make your own little kingdom and live in it. No, he wants you to walk with him. Amen. There is experiences, there's word, there's revelation that we have not even touched yet. Amen. And you say, "Well, I've been with the Lord for a long time. There's still more of him to be revealed to us." Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, he says this. So, so that's very perilous. Now, we can just read this here. He says, "Jesus would ask a question after after the uh speaks of the parable of the unjust judge and the widow woman." And he says, "I tell you that he will avenge them speedily," speaking of the elect. Nevertheless, when the Son of Man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth. Now, this faith he's speaking about is not just a belief in God, but it's actually a faith in the entire revelation of the word. Will he find this when he comes? I say, "Yes, he will." Amen. Why? Because he's deposited in you and I through the message of the hour. Amen. So, he will find that faith that he's looking for. And and then then he spake of this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous and despised others. This is a perilous time. Amen. Two men went up into the temple to pray, one a Pharisee and the other a publican. The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself. God, I thank thee um that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican. I fast twice in the week. I give tithes of all that I possess. And the publican standing a far off would not so lift up as much as eyes unto heaven, but smoke his breast, saying, God, be merciful to me a sinner. I tell you this man which uh went down to his house justified rather than the other. For everyone that exaltth himself shall be abased and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted. Now this is very perilous because here is here is two images put before us in a church. Okay, we do not tell by this picture really what's going on in both their hearts because you can see the Pharisees got his hands raised up and he prays with himself. There's not even a great outward manifestation of his prayer. But, you know, you could say, well, one's just in victory, the other one's not in victory. The other one's broken. And and one was broken and one was not. See, the publican was crying out for for mercy, right? But you see, if we look at that scene, we'd think, well, they're both real believers. They're both, you know, just worshiping God in their own way, and one's had a breakthrough. The other one's just happy that, you know, you know, victorious. But really, only one was victorious. But you see what happens is is is when this comes into a church and you see someone who's like the Pharisee and you know they think that like within their heart they're just thinking I'm so great. This man was a lover of know of his own self. Right? This is where the peril comes in because because the publican could look at this man and he could say how on earth can I become like him? And it's a false image of a believer put before the people. And then so this publican looks at this Pharisee thinks he's so great, he's so wonderful. He's such an amazing believer. And but the thing is, if the publican could see what's in the Pharisees heart, he'd be running a mile. &gt;&gt; He'd be because he doesn't want what the what the Pharisee has really if he knew what it was. You see, but because it looks outwardly he had a form of godliness. Amen. But inwardly, what? He was full of pride. He was building. He was a lover of his own self. See the Pharisee loved what he did and how it made him look. And people will become believers because they love themselves and they want to have some special niche within society of being elite, being a called out of the called out, being a special group of people. And we are a special group of people. We've been saved by the grace of God. I mean, we're the apple of his eye. We're his redeemed ones. We're his we're we're his people. So, we are a special class of people, right? But that doesn't make us think that we're better than anyone. No, sir. No. No. Because the same blood that that Jesus shed for me is the same blood he shed for everyone on the street. Amen. And the only reason I'm here is cuz God called me. He found me. He pursued me. He went after me. He grabbed me. Amen. And then I had to make a choice and say, "Lord, I'm going to serve you." Amen. And thank God I did that. But you see, what's the difference between me and someone on the street? Actually, just God finding me. &gt;&gt; What's the difference between you and someone on the street? God found you. God called you. You say, "Well, I was raised in the message. I was raised in a Christian home. All those things are good. But there must come a time when God gets a hold of you. He begins to deal with your life." Amen. That you just say, "Lord, I need you. I need salvation." Amen. And you give your life. There must come that season, friends. And so now, but you see this, but people will join the message because of selfish motives. I always believe the Catholic Church is what the Bible says it was. or men, you know, you you take warped ideas of men being doineering over their homes and all these things and it's things they already believe, but now they've got a vehicle to really make it go. Amen. And so what they they love the idea of being a believer and then they love what people think of them instead of what God thinks of us. Are we all together this morning? I mean this what you people come different motives. People have many different motives being in the message. Some are selfish, some are selfless. Amen. The selfish is like the Pharisee. Look how great I am. Look at my family. You know, they get embarrassed when their children act like children because it makes them look bad. It's all about self-image. See, someone who's got a bad kind of selflove is all about image. It's all about look how holy I am. Look at look at my life. It's impeccable and all these things. But inwardly, it's all about pride. It's all about me. It's a selfie. It's a selfie mentality. Amen. But those who are just walking by the grace of God, they know they don't deserve nothing, but yet God has given them all things. And they're just happy they're saved. And you know, they're not they're not like the Pharisee at all. No, they're like the publican. Lord, be merciful to me. I want more of your mercy, Lord. I want more of your grace to come and influence my life. I want you to come and live me in a greater way, Lord. Lord, what can I do that you'd be glorified upon the earth? Amen. But the people are like the Pharisee. They're like, "Lord, I want to be glorified. I want to be lifted up." Amen. People people like the idea of, you know, a public part in the body of Christ. You know, brothers get the idea of being a minister, a deacon or a song leader because, you know, they like the idea of it because of the status. Oh, brother so and so. Oh, he can really my fireball and he's really he can really he's deep or whatever and, you know, he's really spiritual and all these things. They like the status of it. That's a person who's a love of their own. I tell you what, friend. Someone who's really called of God runs. Amen. And some can run for a long time, but they'll run from it. They're not wanting to be here. They're not they they don't want, you know, they don't want to be any kind of public thing. They're not interested in it. They want to but but God will deal with that life and they'll have to come to a place where they fully surrender and say, "Lord, not my will but thy will be done." Amen. Now, see this Pharisee lifted up his hand saying, "Lord, I'm I'm glad I'm not like other people. I'm so deep, Lord. I know the seven everythings. I know I know all the mysteries of God. Lord, look at how fast I've matured. And my brother here is, you know, he, you know, he's getting nowhere. He seems to be going through a cycle and doesn't seem to be breaking free. But which heart was really the one that was free? The publican's heart was freer than the Pharisees heart. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm so my See, a person who's a love of their own selves would always compare themselves with others. Well, my family's better than Oh, I'm so glad my children aren't like those children. And I'm so glad that my job is better than this person's job, and my car is better than this car, and my church is better than that church, and all these things. That's a love of their own selves cuz they want to look better. And what does he do? He projects a religious superiority that everyone around them are actually treated like servants. Who's the main one in the temple here? The Pharisee thinks it's him. Lord, I'm the epito epitome of Christianity. Look how great I am. Look at how revelated I am, Lord. It's what it's all about. A lover of of his own self. Amen. But you see the publican with his head bowed, sminging his breath, breast, crying unto the Lord. What is he? He's not drawing attention to himself. He's drawing attention to the one he's trying he's asking mercy from. Praise the Lord. But you see this is very perilous because you know people can people who project that they they are the epitome of Christianity of what a believer should be and how great they are. It causes those around them who are sincere in heart yet maybe struggling to become discouraged because they think I cannot be like this guy. This is why it's a very perilous thing to compare. They compare their walk uh with Christ to others and feel superior. Amen. They they will violate boundaries of of friendship, of families, and they'll try and impose their views on others. And woe unto you if you don't listen to what they have to say. Why? What is it? That's a superior love of self that basically my thoughts are the absolute. There's only one absolute thought in this day. This is the message of the hour, right? Amen. They'll expect others to admire them to agree with them and to support them unquestionably. And and and if anyone does question them, maybe maybe challenges them a little bit, then that person will despiritualize the person doing the questioning. It is pride disguised as confidence. They boast about their gifts, ministries, or good works instead of pointing people to the word. I know we've gone quiet, but I just want you to think about this. This is of someone who loves their own self. But you see, but the Lord Jesus never said to be lovers of your own self. This is where I'm going to try and make a switch in the sermon now. He said Jesus would be asked, "What is the great commandment in the Lord?" Jesus said unto him, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy mind." This is the first and great commandment. The second is like unto it. "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. Amen. So Jesus said to if see Jesus said there's actually a right kind of selflove and that's to love thy neighbor as thyself. Amen. To do unto others as you'd have done unto you. Amen. So it's it's so it's not a it's not a lover of your own self. It's actually if you want to you know you you want to love the Lord with all that you are and love your neighbor as yourself. You see, someone who's not full of self-love is wanting others to do better without any recognition, without any it was them, without any accolades. They just want to live for others. They want to see God live in someone else. They want to see someone get along further with the Lord and not try and take any credit for themselves. Not say, "Look, I did all this. This is my work." No, it's the Lord's work. Amen. It is God that gives the increase. You know, we may water or plant or whatever, but it's the Lord that gives the increase. It's not it's not a man none. Okay, I'll just speak personally. I will never get anyone in the rapture humanly, right? It takes the word to step in and do it. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's not it's not human ability, you know, but you see, someone who loves himself has such a such a wrong opinion of their own ability, they think, man, I have to do this in my own strength. And they will try and push their push their family into a mold. Try and make them to become a certain way. And when they grow up, those children have got to stay in that mold because they're building their own kingdom. They will they'll try and keep their children around them to the extreme. They won't let them grow. They won't let them become their own family. No, because they're a love of their own selves. They have it their opinion. My family's going to stay by me. And if they don't, they won't amount to nothing. Friends, my heart's desire for all of us is that we'll have an individual walk with the Lord. Amen. That if this church ceases to be, we will still be in the faith. Amen. That that we will that we'll walk with him. We'll know him in the power of his resurrection. Amen. Are we all together this morning? Amen. That we'll have an individual relationship with our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And what we will do, we'll pass it on to our children that they will not know him through us. No way. They will know him themselves. Amen. That we're not the intermediary between us and us and them. You know, God and them, but no, it's them and God alone. Amen. It's always got to be this way. But someone who loves themselves wants to be the go-between. They want to be the one that is the one who gives thus sayith the Lord to someone. And they actually push people down there. Actually, if you want to hear from God, you got to hear through me. That's a sad state of affairs. God never intended people to work through someone else to speak to someone all the time. Sure. Sure. God uses ministry. God maybe put something on your heart for someone else and God will work through the body. But when it comes to your walk with God, it must be you and God. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's you and the word walking together. Amen. It's not it's not me, you and God walking together, though I've got my place. But yet, it's you and God that if I cease to be, you won't fall apart as a believer. Oh no, you will be strong. You'll walk on. Sure, you know, you'll be wondering, why did that happen? All those look, I'm not planning on going anywhere, but you you got to understand that. But you got to realize if I was vaporized this very second, my heart's desire would be Lord, may everyone here keep walking. Keep knowing him, Lord. Keep walking with them, Lord Jesus. May they not be so dependent on a human to be a Christian, but may they be so dependent on you, Lord, that they would that that that all they care about is Lord, I'm walking with you. It's me and you, Lord, together in this. Amen. Amen. You see, so those so we're commanded to love our neighbor as ourselves. You know, isn't it? Wait, let's just let's just drop here first. Well, I'm just going to read this quote here from that day on Calvary. See, now the first thing I want to say is this. Jesus never lived for himself. His life was spent for others. That's perfectly eternal life. When you say you go to church, you do good things. That's fine. But when you live your life for yourself, you have an eternal life. So remember those who are lovers of their own selves live for themselves. Amen. But those who live for others, they have eternal life. Eternal life is living for others. You know why this world is so unhappy? Cuz people are so self-absorbed. My life, my career, my family, my free time, my hobbies, my image, my mind, my my my. It's all this me and people. Because we're not built to be just inwardlooking ourselves. We're built for each other. Amen. Man, it's like God created us and what did he do? He made a people upon the earth that he could express himself to. Amen. And same thing, we are here if we're made in the image of God, we're built for one another. Amen. We're not here for ourselves or what we can get. Amen. No, we're here for one another. That's why the body is so powerful when we come together is that we when we genuinely love the Lord, that love will flow through us to one another. Amen. that God can can pour in virtue, strength, prayer, you know, you know, exhortation, you know, strength through one another to his body. Amen. Hallelujah. Why? So, so, so if you're just living for yourself, you have an eternal life. You can have the form of a believer, but if you're just living for yourself, what you can get, you have an eternal life. Amen. But if you're living for others, praise the Lord. That's eternal life is living for others. And he says, "Listen, here's a lovely thing. As you serve one another, you're serving God." See, the love of God is in every Christian heart. And be kind to one another. Forgive one another. If you don't see the scriptures just as like, well, you believe anyhow, pray for the other person and just love one another. You'll find there's no greater evidence of a Christian in the world than love. You say, "I thought brother said receiving the word." Absolutely. But what does it produce? Amen. If it's just in the top two inches, it becomes someone who's a love of their own selves. But if it's in the heart, it will the love of God will come in and flow out. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Why? Because we're not here for ourselves. We're here for one another. And you see if people actually you know you take um you know there's TV shows and things where you know where where they take selfish children that are bratty that are fussing fighting tant temper tantrums and all these things and they'll take them to other families and take them to and places like serving soup kitchens helping orphanages all these things and they become happy they become calmer they become more caring. Why? because they're forced into a situation where they have to live for someone else, but they become happier people. That's just showing that humanly we're built to help one another. &gt;&gt; Amen. If you're grumpy and upset all the time and fussing and fighting, maybe turn your focus to someone else. Oh, but you don't know the thing I've gone through, all this big problems I have and all these things. You focus on the Lord and let God live through you to someone else. That thing will take care of itself. Amen. Don't let it become some big idol, some big thing, some big mountain in your life. When what is it compared to the grace and transforming power of our Lord Jesus Christ? Amen. It is nothing. The Apostle Paul, as I said, it's interesting how things are written, the order of it. He says, "Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things. Be not deceived. God is not mocked. For whatsoever a man seweth, he shall also reap. He that sweth to his flesh shall of his flesh reap corruption. But he that sweth of the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting. Be not weary and welloing. For in due season ye shall reap if we faint not. Now many times we just take that and think, well that's just about me and what I do and what I sow I'm going to reap in my own self. But he's not just talking about he says as we have therefore opportunity. So we have now because of what we've just read, we have this opportunity. Let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith. Amen. So he's saying what you sow, you're going to reap. Amen. So if you're sowing a love of your own self, what are you going to reap? What are you going to produce when it's selfishness, with negativity, when it's being condescending, tearing people down? What are you going to get out of the people around you? It's not going to be love. It's not going to be joy. It's not going to be the Holy Ghost living. It's going to be that carnality that you've seown, right? But someone who is not a love of their own selves, what do they want to do? They realize, Lord, I have an opportunity today to be good to my family, to speak good things. I'm sorry, this is very simple, but this is where we are. Amen. Because we can know all the revelations of the all the seven everythings and rainbows and whatever more. But this is the character of God. Amen. And God is looking for a people that have his character, have his divine nature. Amen. Today he says this is where this therefore this opportunity let us do good unto all men especially to them who are the household of faith. So what should be our motivation motivating factor? Lord I want to do good to all men. I want to be friendly. Lord I want to I want to be a positive impact on everyone I come across. I mean it doesn't matter if it's just passing in the street or maybe at the checkout counter in the supermarket or at school or someone. I want to be a positive influence. Amen. Where they can see, well, at least that person's happy. Amen. At least that person is actually, you know, I want to have what that person has. I don't know what he's drinking, but I want some of it. &gt;&gt; Amen. What is that? That's being good to all men. How can I help? Be be thoughtful of others, not just thoughtful about yourself. Amen. And he says, especially to them who are the household of faith. Now, why is it so important to do good unto the household of faith? Well, it's because this to me ties in with brotherly kindness. You know, we've gone through some of the virtues of the statue of the perfect man. And the last one before divine love, Christ himself comes down. It is brotherly kindness. Amen. And this is such a thing the devil loves to fight is brotherly kindness. Cuz he knows if he can knock that virtue out of the church, then divine love can't descend. You say, "Well, I've got divine love. I've got the Holy Ghost. But what about those around us? Cuz I hate to say it, not all of us are sealed to the day of our redemption yet. Amen. I believe it's going to happen. I believe it's on its way. But what about those who don't know the Lord yet? Amen. So, what kind of atmosphere should we be projecting and brotherly kindness should we we let God produce in our lives that that capstone can descend upon them? Amen. See, this is very important. You say, "Well, I'm just coming to church. I'm just on a WhatsApp chat. I'm just part of the band. I'm just part of the youth group or the couples or whatever part you I'm just I'm just part of it. No, you are very important. Amen. Your influence Amen. can bring people into eternal life. Amen. I tell you what, friends. I say this why we should do good to the household of faith is that that they who are struggling, those who are hurting, we don't project how great we are, but we say, "Look, there's a bomb and Gilead. I care for you. We're in this together. Amen. We're in the same trench. We're in the same bunk. You know, we're fighting the same enemy. I mean, we're not here fighting each other, but we're going to do good to one another. Why? Because we want each other to gain ground. Amen. We may be like, you know, there's the 12 tribes of Israel, but you know that, you know, they had to realize what one tribe did affected what the other tribe did. Or the blessing of Judah had to come. You know, if if they are living according to the word, then that blessing will go to the other tribes. Or if there was something that they doing wrong will come into the other tribes. Like Jeroboam when he built the two golden calves, he was a lover of his own self. How can I build my own kingdom? How can I protect protect this thing? And so those two calves were built there in Ephra and Dan, I think it was. And what it do, it brought that curse of idolatry into the whole nation. Wouldn't it be good if we could do the opposite? I believe we are doing that where we can live a life, amen, where God's blessings can flow into someone else. Is this okay this morning? Our lives have impact. Amen. Our lives have eternal value. Amen. How we treat one another. Sure, we'll be misunderstood sometimes cuz we're human, right? But we got to look beyond that and actually say, "No, no, that's my brother. That's my sister. I want them to go forward." You know, it's it's such a horrible thing in this country. This jealousy, this revenge spirit, utu, whatever they call it in Moldi, you know, wanting to to to see people be cut down and be and be brought to the bottom of the cliff. It's such a terrible thing where people get this attitude in their mind that person deserves what they got. We should never have that kind of thing. That's a love of their own self who has that kind of mentality. We must never ever think that about any world. They deserve that. Well, look at what they did. And if they if they listen to me, well then that would never have happened to them. We must never have that mentality. Amen. We must that must be so foreign to our thinking. And I know some of you look at me like, "Why would I think like that?" Absolutely. Why would you think like that? Why would you think that, oh, they're going to get their comeuppants and they deserve those things? That is wrong. That is not Christian. That is not doing good unto the household of faith. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, trust we're all good today. Right now, amen. All right. Now, now when we get to that brotherly kindness, put yourself in his place. Someone who loves himself will never put themselves in their brother or sister's place. Amen. But put yourself in his place on the matter. You say, "Well, my brother sinned against me." And Peter said, "Shall I forgive him?" He said, "70 times a day." He said, "70 time seven." See, brotherly kindness. Now, you see, if a brother is all out of tune, don't be impatient with him. See, no. See, be kind to him. Go anyhow. Somebody said not long ago, "How can you believe these things the way you do and still go to the Assemblies of God and oneness and all the rest?" Then put see brotherly kindness, see hoping someday, see patient with him, see temperant, enduring with him, knowledge to understand what he believes. Remember what's in his heart. I mean, it's in his heart. That's what is virtue in yourself to let it go out with kindness, meekness to him, having faith that someday God will bring him in. Amen. That's brotherly kindness. You got to put yourself in their shoes, you know, and don't just don't just cut people off. Don't have a knee-jerk reaction. You know, something, you know, there's a misunderstanding between some brethren. You jump on one side of the other. We're not here to do those things. We're here to look beyond those riffs, aren't we? Aren't we, family? Can't we look beyond misunderstandings? I mean, misunderstanding should just be a, "Well, Lord, forgive them. Forgive me, Lord. We want to serve you better, Lord. Just put it under the blood." Don't don't don't harbor those things. You see, someone who loves themselves feels entitled to be offended. I have a right to hold this grudge because of X, Y, and Zed. What h what happened to me? They feel entitled because they're a love of their own self. But those who love the Lord say, "Lord, I I want this off my hands, Lord. I don't want this in my spirit. Lord, I don't want this thing to affect anyone. Lord, take it from me, Lord Jesus. Cleanse me, Lord. Wash me in your blood." Amen. Now, you say, "Look, I don't like Brother Neville." Oh, or I sure don't like Brother Jones. I don't like Brother so and so. and someone be like, "But just let something happen to him, brother. Your heart is broke. It just nearly killed you." See, you can obtain brotherly kindness and feelings for one another. Have you ever had that? When something really happens to someone, your heart goes out to them. &gt;&gt; I don't like that person, but when it really hits home that Lord, help them. Lord, undertake. That's how we should feel. Not the dislike part, but the whole when something really But then if it's in your heart, well, they deserve it. Well, you ain't got no brotherly kindness there. When you really have a feeling for that person. Amen. And feeling one for another. See, but to maintain in a group of people, why do you care for that brother? Because we've broke bread with him here at the altar as you will tonight. Your fellowship with him. You shook the his hands. You worship with him. He's your brother. He might do something in the flesh that you would disagree with because uh you just kind of stay which of you ought to do but shun him a little but in the bottom of your heart it's something happened to that brother it would nearly kill you or that sister. Amen. I trust we feel that way that we really care about one another. Amen. That we can say why do you like why do you love that person? We've been through battles. We've been serving the same Lord Jesus. We're on this journey together. It's not me and them following. No, we're all in this together. Amen. We've been through things. We've been through hard times. We've been through good times. Amen. We've been through times and the Lord's undertook in marvelous ways. And we are in the same journey together. Tell you what, friends, you feel like that and you know they do something you disagree with, you won't shun them. You realize, no, no, we were in this together back then. We're in the same faith today. We're going to walk on. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm just going to I'm just going to finish that there. Could we have the musicians, please, this morning? But can you see the peril? You see how this can be perilous? Amen. People who are lovers of their own selves grows into this horrible thing that we read this list here. But those who love the Lord shine as the sun. I mean those who love the Lord with all their heart, soul, mind, and strength. Those are the ones that God is looking for. They don't love themselves. No, they love him. Amen. And they have the right kind of selflove because they know their value. You see someone someone the devil has twisted in their mind that they're worthless, that they don't mean anything to anybody. That's a lie. Okay, I'm just finishing with these remarks. That's a lie. We should love ourselves but in the right way. This is this is my summary. If you love yourself in the wrong way, it's all about you. Okay? If you love the Lord with all your heart, it's all about him. And if it's all about him, you'll live for others. If it's all about him, you want people to go forward. If it's all about him, you forgive. If it's all about him, you love. Amen. If it's all about him, you put yourself in their shoes. You can try and be understanding. Lord, why did they do that to me? Why' they say those things? Because you're caring about them. You care about their soul and their eternal destination. But if it's all about you, just a love of your own self. It's all a selfie thing. If they do something wrong to you, you cut them off. I mean, if they do something that you know, you know, that hurts you, you hold a grudge. That's someone who's a love of their own self. We should love the Lord so much that doesn't matter what someone does to us, we say we want to intercede for that person, not in a condescending way. said, "Lord, they deserve, but Lord, help us. Lord, you helped me. Lord Jesus, you brought me through. Now, my brother or sister's going through something, Lord. You know the backstory. I don't know what they're going through, but Lord, you understand, Lord. Help me, Lord Jesus, to be a strength and encouragement, dear God. Because why? I'm not a lover of my own self. I'm a lover of you, Lord Jesus. And I want to see you shine to this world." Amen. Let's stand, shall we? Amen. Let's sing that song. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are wash away. I'm amazed. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are wash away. Verse one. No one knew. Oh, no one knew how alone I was feeling. &gt;&gt; And the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. &gt;&gt; Though I laughed and said my life was mine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. Then one day someone told me of your mercy and of the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. There you purchased my redemption when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you came. Through your graious blood, I found pardoned and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. There have been days where I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. When your ears are open every time I pray, oh no for me like you. Other friends would never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever be. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you feel. Through your graious blood I found pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Praise the Lord. You're amazing. He loves you. Amen. Let's pray together this morning. If you're going to slip up your hand, we're going to put both hands up. Just ask, Lord, I don't want to be a lover of my own self. Be a lover of you, Lord Jesus. Almighty God, as we bow our heads this morning, we don't want to be lovers of our own self, caught up in ourselves, oh God, in the wrong way, Lord Jesus, just have a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof, Lord, to be hitty and high-minded and just so caught up in what we think we are. And Lord, we don't want to be like that. We want to be Lord a lover of you Lord Jesus to love you with all our heart soul mind and strength that we can love our neighbor as ourself dear God that we can treat others how we want to be treated Lord God not in a condescending way not in a negative way but Lord to uplift one another to encourage one another to strengthen one another Lord Jesus I pray dear God for all of us here Lord we live in this age of the age of self the selfie generation I pray dear God that that spirit would not affect us Lord And if it has, I ask it be taken from us in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, that that we wouldn't be caught up in ourselves. But Lord, as we read the quote, eternal life is living for others. We want to live for others, oh God. May we look to our children, look to our spouse, look to our friends, our loved ones, Lord. Look to fellow brothers and sisters. And Lord, may we may we desire, Lord, how can we be a blessing to the body, Lord? How can we be an encouragement, dear God? How can we live a selfless life that care that only desires that you'd be glorified and known? Grant it, dear God. We thank you for your blood. Thank you for your mercy, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your Holy Ghost living in us, Lord, that we can live a life that is for you, Lord, that is selfless, Lord, live for others. Thank you so much, dear God. I pray you you'd bless each one here, Lord Jesus. We truly do live in perilous times, but I'm so thankful, Lord. Doesn't matter how perilous it gets, Lord. Your word is still true, Lord. You've manifested yourself in this day, dear God. The light is shining, Lord. We can trust in you, Lord. We know that you're greater than all the peril, Lord Jesus. You're the one who calmed the Sea of Galilee. Lord, you're the one, Lord, who brought Lazarus from the grave. Lord, you're the one who's the same yesterday, today, and forever. You're the one who conquered hell, death, and the grave, my God. Father, there's nothing, no place, no condition too difficult to you that you can, Lord, that you retreat from, dear God, but you walk in boldly, my God. So, Father, may we just trust in you like never before, Father, and live a life that is for you, oh God, that you'd be glorified. Grant it, Lord. We love you, Lord. We thank you so much in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, friends. Amen. Brother Isaac, I'll turn it to you, bro. I mean, God bless you. [Music] Amen. Praise. Am I going? Is this on? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You can hear me? Okay. Praise the Lord. Now, I looked at that looked at those photos of the the the two men there, you know, one with which was sort of down and the other guy that was had had his hands up and I and I I thought to myself, I thought, you know, you asked the question, you think, which one which one am I? It's funny. It's funny because you know when like say coming up here you know it the the reality is in my heart I'm the guy at the back you know going you know like I'm but but but when I come up here I'm victorious. It's like well you know but but in my heart I'm the other guy cuz you kind of you know you you come up here you think Lord I'm just a total failure but I'm the Lord's failure. I ain't the devil's failure. So, you're not going to have one over me. I'm going to praise the Lord. Even if I'm the biggest failure and you all know that I am. You know me personally. That guy's a failure. Yeah, I am. So are you. Let's all just be victorious together. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Ben. That was very good. Amen. Amen. Let's just um let's just sing that song for it. Reaches to the highest mountain. far reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength. love from day to day. It will never lose his power. For it reaches to the highest mountain. Yes, it does. And it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] The blood that gives me strength. Far from day to day. It will never lose his power. Oh, in the blood that Jesus shed for me way back on Calary. The blood that gives me strength. From day to day it will never [Music] reaches or reaches to the highest mountain. Yes, it does. And it flows to the lowest valley [Music] in the blood that gives me strength. From day to today from [Applause] his power for it s my doubt and it calms all me [Music] and it tries all my tears. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose his power. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain. Yes, it does. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose his power. Far it reaches for it reaches to the highest [Applause] mountain. [Music] Oh, and it flows to the ro. [Music] The blood that gives the strength from day to day. It will never lose his power. Oh, won't you turn your eyes upon Jesus [Music] full in his wonderful [Music] face or the things of the Earth will grow straight in the light of his glory and grace. Turn your eyes. on turn your eyes upon Jesus and look for look for in his wonderful face [Music] for let the things of the earth will grow straight. [Music] in the light of his glory. Let's just say that one more time before we pray for this morning. Turn your eyes on turn your eyes upon Jesus and look for in his wonderful [Music] face. And the things of the earth will grow strange in the light of his glory and praise. Lord, we just thank you this morning that we can turn our eyes upon you, Lord. And may that always be our focus, Lord. May our eyes not be upon oursel upon ourselves Lord but may our eyes be upon you Lord Jesus Lord because we can see that Lord that was the attitude that you had Lord when you you had everything and yet you chose to turn your eyes upon us &gt;&gt; Lord and come down purely for the whole purpose to redeem us to save us and to pay a price that we couldn't pay &gt;&gt; Lord if you focused on yourself you wouldn't have done what you did Lord but you focused upon us you focused upon others Lord and you gave us example and may we do the same thing Lord. May we focus upon you Lord and in in doing that Lord your spirit is always for others Lord to help to encourage to build up Lord to strengthen to exhort Lord even sometimes to rebuke Lord but you know the you you know your spirit Lord and what you do. So we just want to commit our lives over to you Lord and just help us to yeah just to put you first in our lives and not be caught up in this this age Lord where we can get wrapped up in ourselves Lord but may we just get wrapped up in you. We pray we just commit each I commit each one to your hands this morning Lord. May we go away rejoicing Lord knowing that we've been redeemed Lord and by love divine. So I just commit each one to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you all this morning. [Music] I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh, glory, glory. Christ is mine. My all to him. I now reside. I have been I have been redeemed. I've been redeemed. I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh, glory glory. Christ is mine. My all to him. I now reside. I have I have been free. I've been redeemed with my love divine. Oh glory, glory. Christ is mine. My all to him. I now resign. I have been. I have been. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness, no more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Oh, praise the Lord. I saw the light. Well, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more light. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Well, I wandered so painless. A life filled with sin. And I would live my dear Savior in Jesus came like a stranger in the night. Well, praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness, no more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Oh, praise the Lord. I saw the light. Man, I wandered alone. worries and fears. I claimed for my home and love my man to God gave back his son. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I was a fool to walk and straight. Straight is the gate and narrow is the way. Now I have traded the wrong for the right. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was his blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. Oh yes, I know. I know it was his blood. I know it was his blood. I know it was his blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. Well, one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it wasn't love for me. And you ask me why I'm happy. And I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. They're in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God.
