################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-06-22 - 190622 - Beyond the call of duty - Bro Andy Clifford - Andy Clifford.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2022-06-22
Title:    190622 - Beyond the call of duty - Bro Andy Clifford
Speaker:  Andy Clifford
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKyptYstEVg
========================================

Description:
Wednesday Evening @ Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
take us unawares and our hearts are made to bleed for some thoughtless word or deed and we wonder why the test when we try to do our best but we'll understand it better by and By by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints God is gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. Or we'll understand it better by and by. After all, Trish's trail is failed. Disappointments have prevailed and we're wondered in the darkness every heart and alone. But we're trusting in the Lord and according to his word. We will understand it better by and by. Oh, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God is gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. Oh, we'll understand it better. By and by, by and by. When the morning come, when all the saints of God is gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. Understand every praise. There I am by every praise. Every praise is to our God. Fill the word of worship with one accord. What's the key? Every praise. Every praise is to our God. [Music] Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praisees to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise I said every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise is to our God for us. Oh God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes he is. Yes, he is. God. Oh, God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in water cold. Yes Lord. Every praise, every praise is you are God. Hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Oh, sing hallelujah. to our God. Glory hallelujah for our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh yes. Amen. Let's start. For the Lord maring on his is ever strong and his glory shall be seen all. Praise the song. Sing the victory song. Praise the Lord for the battle won. No weapon fall against the self shall stand for a stand. For the captain of the host is Jesus. With all the winging this forest, go for stand against the praise. Yes. The captain of the host is Jesus. It's following in his footsteps can stand against us in the frame. Let's sing that. For the Lord is marching on, and his army is ever strong. And his glory shall be seen upon the land. [Applause] Praise the anthem. Sing the victory song. Praise the Lord for the battle's won. No weapon formed against us shall stand. [Applause] For the captain of the host is Jesus. We're following in his footsteps. will fall against and stand against the praise. Yes, the captain of the host is Jesus. We follow him in his footsteps. No more can stand against us in the praise. We are marching in Messiah's band. The keys of victory in his mighty hand. How promised. Let's sing that one more time. We are marching. We're marching. We are maring in Messiah's band. The keys of victory in his mighty hand. Let us march on to take our promised land. [Music] Captain of the host is Jesus. We're following in his footsteps. No fool can stand against us in the prey. Yes. The captain of ghost is Jesus. And we fall away in his footsteps. No f can stand against us and array. [Music] [Applause] For the Lord is mercy and his army is ever strong. and his glory shall be seen upon this land. We pray Lord, your promises will be seen upon this land. Lord, as people 10 years, 11 years ago said they could see the blood of Jesus Christ coming over this hill. Lord, this is true, Lord. This is true. And we stand upon that Lord that you I've come back to a barren land Lord, a dry land, Lord. And as dry bones could arise, Lord, as you ask that question, Lord, the dry bones shall once more rise, Lord, and these these these these weapons, Lord, that's in front of me, Lord. This this army of yours is ever strong, Lord, because of what is in us. Hallelujah. what is in them. Lord, please Lord. Amen. Anchor down and strengthen us now for this last push. Jesus Christ name. Amen. Amen. You You guys can have your seats. Um you know, usually when um when the tech team gets a chance to be at the front, we take it with both arms. So um well, both hands, both arms, both legs. Um, we we we're going to sing a special and um it's been coming for a while. No, we haven't practiced it as as we should, but um I hope it blesses you. I can worship the Lord through this song um for what he's done for me and my life. And um I hope I hope this is a blessing to you. [Music] I was a wretch. I remember I was I was lost and I was blind. I was running out of time. Sin separated. The breach was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you had me in your side. So you made a way across the great divide. left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside and there at the cross. You paid the debt I owe. Broke my chains, free my soul. For the first time I had hope. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. [Music] Thank you Jesus you have washed me wide. Thank you Jesus you have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. You took my place and laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walked right out again. Now death has no sting. And life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. There is nothing stronger than the wonderworking power of the blood. The blood that calls us sons and daughters. We are ransom by your father through the blood. The blood. There is nothing stronger than the wonderworking power of the blood. Your blood that calls us sons and daughterers. We are ransomed by our father through the blood. his blood. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Take me from the darkness into glorious light. Yes, Lord. Glory to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. There in my heart was the blood of glory to his name. Let's do that one more time. Glory. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. There to my heart was the blood of I'm singing glory to his name. Amen. Amen. Stand with me please. Give me a key please. And D [Music] come. Now is the time to worship. Come. Now is the time to give your heart. Come just as you are to worship [Music] God just as you are before your God. Let's come. Oh, one day every tongue will confess you are God. One day every knee will bow. For still the greatest treasure remains for those who gladly choose you now. Come. will come. Now is the time to worship. Oh, come. Now is the time to give your heart just as you are. You worship God just as you are before God. Yes, God. One day. Oh, one day every tongue will confess. You are gone. One day every day will die. Still a great strange [Music] one. One day every tongue will confess you are God. One day everything will bow. Still the greatest treasure remains for you. [Music] Now is the time to give you just as you are to worship. Sh just as you are before. Oh God. Oh God. Hallelujah. We've come into your presence to sing a song to you. song of praise and honor of all the things you helped us through. Gave a life worth living. A life in love with you. And now I just love giving all my praises back to you. You're the father of creation. You're the risen lamb of God. You're the one who walked away from the empty tomb that day. And you set your people free with love and liberty. And I walk with you every night and every day. You're the father. You're the father of creation. You're the risen lamb of God. You're the one who walked away. Yes, you did. From the empty tomb that day. And you set people free with love and liberty. And I will walk with you. Every night and every day we've come into your presence. Sing a song to you, a song of praise and honor for all the things you bound us through. You gave a life worth living, a life in love with you. Now I just love giving all my praises back to you. You're the father of creations. You're the risen lamb. Oh God, you're the one who walked away from the empty tomb that day. And you said I'll be glory with love and liberty. I can walk with you every night and every day. You're the father of creation. You're the risen lamb of God. You're the one who walked away from the empty tomb that day. And you set your people free with love and liberty. And I can walk with you every night and every day. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. We worship you. Hallelujah. Lord, that song means a lot to us, Lord. Those words, Father, the bright words, Lord. Amen. We We mean that. We don't we're not just singing, Lord, a song, Lord. It's more than a song. Lord, it's it's a heart of a believer. Me, Lord, it's my heart to you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, tonight Lord Jesus, I pray. Lord Jesus, oh God, I ask, Lord, that you Lord would come and minister to us, Lord. Father, Lord, give us what we need tonight, Lord. Father, we are a needful people, Lord, in this end time down here on this earth. Lord Jesus, Father, Lord, all the things that's going on, Lord. But, Father, Lord, there's a great thing happening in this place tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And we believe tonight, Lord, we haven't gathered in vain. We've gathered around the word of God. We've gathered in your name. Hallelujah. We've gathered in the name of Jesus, my Lord. Oh, God. You're the father of creation. And we're gathered in the name of Jesus, the father of creation. Hallelujah. For it says that by you all things were created and by you all things consist. Hallelujah. Therefore Lord, this universe is held together. The fabric, the gravity, the power, the nuclear force. Is all Lord from you. Yes. You spoke it. You ordered it. You declared it. And Lord, today I pray Lord that what you've declared for us to receive tonight would be Lord received in Jesus name. Just take control of the service. Lord I yield myself. Let Lord you the anointing come upon speaker and hero. Amen. Lord Father over the tape over the video Lord and the camera Lord. Lord let the word go there. Amen. May lives be changed. Yes Lord. For Lord we've gathered Lord to to the word to this message of the hour. Oh God. Oh, we believe Lord. We're being prepared for a rapture. And Lord, may these last little things that you're tying up in our lives and and and Lord, bringing to pass, oh God, bring it to pass, Lord. Lord, make it speedily in our lives, Father, that we may go and that you may come, Lord. Come quickly, Lord. Oh God, just take control of every spirit, Lord, for your glory. for Oh God, let every contrary spirit be bound. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ. Oh Lord, you said if we're s if the prophet, you said to him if he's sincere that he can bind Lord the member and all that's under it, Lord. And that was symbolic of Lucifer and everything under him. Amen. And Lord, so Father, tonight Lord, in the deepest of sincerity, we bind that member. Amen. Hallelujah. that the sons and daughters of God could rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Amen. And tonight, Lord, Father, we just ask Lord that the mercies of God would be Lord upon us. Sanctify us all to your service. And Lord, may we just Father hear the voice of God through Lord Jesus the speaking of the word Lord tonight. I just ask Lord Jesus for Lord your utterance to come forth and father the burden of the spirit would be expressed and revealed now. Lord we love you and appreciate you Lord and just yield everything to you my precious loving Jesus in your precious and holy name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you musicians. Thank you brother Ed. Amen. And it's good to be here and I'm so thankful for another opportunity to minister to the bride of Christ here in um Wellington. Amen. Hallelujah. The home church. It's so good to be here again. And I want to thank brother Ben for the opportunity. It is always a privilege. It's always an honor and always very nerve-wracking. Amen. But we know that the Lord is on our side. Amen. If we just trust in him. Amen. He will speak what he wants and you will receive what you need. Who's got a need tonight? I do. Has anyone here got a need tonight? Hallelujah. Well, if you I believe the Lord's got a a word for you. Amen. And I just encourage you to reach out and make it yours. Amen. Amen. God's got something for you tonight. Praise the Lord. Amen. And if you just reach out and you grab hold of that, it'll be yours. Amen. Do we have a deal? Hallelujah. Amen. Isn't God good? Isn't he a great God? Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. Well, praise God. I want to speak tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. As just as quickly as possible. Um, we've got a prayer meeting at the end of this, so I want to be mindful of that as well. So, I just want to speak tonight from um Luke 17 um and 1 Peter 1. And then we'll have our seats and we'll continue reading the scriptures. And I want to subject today, I believe. Amen. By the Lord's grace, beyond the call of duty. Amen. Hallelujah. You know, there's the call of duty and we there is a call of duty. There's the daily orders. It's what's required of a servant. Amen. But God's calling us beyond that. Amen. He's calling a people to go beyond the call of duty. Amen. Hallelujah. Go beyond the standard. Amen. Go beyond the normal. Amen. Hallelujah. He's looking for people that are fruitful. Amen. Hallelujah. So, let's read from Luke 17 to10. And it says here, "But which of you having a servant plowing or feeding cattle will say unto him, by and by when the morning comes, Amen. when he has come from the field, go and sit down to meet, and will not rather say unto him, make ready wherewith I may s myself, and serve me, till I have eaten and drunken, and afterwards thou shalt eat and drink." Does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded of him? I tro not. So likewise you when you have shall have done all those things which are commanded you say we are unprofitable servants. We have done that which was our duty to do. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. In 1 Peter 1:es 22, it says here, "Seeing you have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the spirit unto the unfeigned love of the brethren." Amen. See that you love one another with a pure heart fervently. Amen. May the Lord add his blessings to his word. You may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. But you know that word there in 1 Peter 1:22, it says there unto the unfeigned love of the brethren, that love of the brethren is Philadelphia. And it's yeah, brotherly fraternal kindness, brotherly kindness, fondness. Amen. Hallelujah. And yet it says, "But see that you love agapeo one another with a pure heart fervently." Amen. And so you see it's calling for a twocorded love. Amen. Amen. It's calling calling for not just agapeo love, but it's calling for a Philadelphia love, a felio love. Amen. And so I want to speak in the importance of the two loves coming out of our lives. Amen. And that we need to have both of them. Amen. Hallelujah. We will get into some things soon, but let me just lay a little foundation first. Hallelujah. So from Matthew chapter 10 verse 37. Amen. And I just want you to see that we are called to file love Jesus more than any other. You know that yes, we're called to agape o love Jesus and agape love God and God agape love us. And there to be agape love. Amen. Do you know the agape love is a feast of love. Amen. It's not just a small little bit of love. It's not just a trickle of love, but it's actually a feast. It's actually an inexhaustible fountain of love. And that the essence and the very origin of that is God himself. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. But yet we're still called to have a felio love for God. And so in Matthew 10:37 and a felio love for each other, of course. Amen. Hallelujah. But it cannot stop with one. And it cannot just be the other. But it must be both. Amen. For it to work and to be optimized. Am I speaking your language tonight? Who knows what optimized means? Hallelujah. who's had to optimize their program or optimize their work ethic because it's just not working very well. Well, if you want to optimize your love tonight, then you need to love with aio love and agape love. Amen. But there's reasons why sometimes we can't love with both loves. There's reasons why we're fearful to release love to people. Amen. Because some love has condition and some love doesn't have condition. Oh, my Jesus. Amen. Sorry, I'm getting ahead of myself now. Let me lay the foundation. Hallelujah. Amen. Start pulling soon. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me. And that word love is felio. So he that fileo loveth father and mother. So if you're filelio, human love. Now the human love that you have the emotional love. The love that has conditions. Amen. That love of connection and brother brotherhood and fatherhood and sunship. a real connection amongst people. That love, if you love, if you love your father or mother in that way more than you love Jesus, then you're not even worthy to be his disciple. Because something will happen and it when it does, if your love is higher for anything else other than him, it can cause corruption in your motives. Yes, Lord. And then God can't actually really use you until the love is correct and it's placed in the right place. Amen. Come on. Hallelujah. Amen. So, he's not worthy of me. And he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me. He's not asking much because he's actually worthy of more love than any other. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And actually, if you're going to cast your investment in something, you might as well cast your investment in God. Amen. Don't cast your investment in some man that's gonna fail you. Amen. Hallelujah. Although we're called to love them. Amen. And you want to cast this, you want to cast a investment, but your greatest investment, your soul, your whole life, everything that you are must be in him first. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. 1 Peter 4:8, it says, "And above all things, have fervent charity." That's agape. Now, now we're moving into a higher love. Amen. Hallelujah. And above all things, have fervent charity. Agape love feast among yourselves for charity. Agape love feast shall cover the multitude of sins. Hallelujah. Amen. That's very challenging. So if you're a person that gets upset about the faults of your brothers and sisters all the time and they're just welling up within you, maybe you just need a feast. Maybe you just need some love in your life. Hallelujah. Maybe you just need an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And you know what? I tell you what, if you get an outpouring of the Holy Ghost, no, no one's faults or anything going to trouble you no more. Amen. You're going to be so happy all the time. That's going to neutralize the enemy. It's going to neutralize the effect of the faults of everyone else around you. Won't even think about it cuz you're just so full of love because there's a feast for you. A feast for you. A feast for you, brother and Paul. A feast. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I I I need a feast. Who's looking for a feast? Yes, sir. Well, there's a feast for you and it's called divine love, agape. Hallelujah. And it's God himself. It's the highest essence form of anything. It's him. Hallelujah. Amen. He's made of that. You want to know what God's made out of? He's made out of agape. Hallelujah. And he says it's ready for you. You can have that. It says above all things. Amen. Very important that this agape is love is expressed and agape love. It's a love that doesn't have conditions. It's a love that doesn't have limits. Hallelujah. And yet there is an attribute of this love that requires felio love as well. There must be felio love. There must be a human love. There must be a connection. You cannot exist just with divine love alone in this world cuz we're humans. We're natural. And there must be emotional connection. Hallelujah. Divine love can disconnect. It can be you can actually have this love that has no conditions. Then no one can hurt you. You're protected by unconditional love. So you can do all the service. You can do all the great things and be the blessed man of duty, valor, valiant and gallant and so gallant, but you don't even feel your love people. Oh my. because you don't want to be hurt because something happened to you maybe in your past and you don't want to release that feelio love anymore because it's got conditions and it's you become vulnerable when the emotion is connected to other people but hallelujah when you are in a feast of divine love amen it just changes everything amen it becomes fearless because perfect love casts out all fear yes sir amen so don't be afraid to love your brothers and sisters don't be afraid that You can emotionally connect to people. Amen. Amen. Don't be afraid, saints. Glory. Hallelujah. Man, I just got that's right to the end of my sermon already. Amen. Hallelujah. Wow. Amen. Sometimes you just need to share what you're going to go to. Is that right? Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know, sometimes these ministers, they're so good, they can hold themselves back and they can build right up into a crescendo and it it's just a huge effect at the end. But I just can't do it. I just can't do it. I can't help myself. Amen. But God rich in mercy. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Among yourselves for charity, agape shall cover the multitude of sins. Amen. So here it says now, now you want to now you've got it. Now you've got this love. You've got this charity. Now it's got to be expressed. It says now use hospitality. It says and hospitality is a fondness of guests. You know that hospitality is to be fond of guests. Hallelujah. So you don't want to be fond. You want to bring people over. You want to be fond of them and you want to shower blessings upon them. What are you doing? You're actually now you're you're because this felio, this brotherly love is conditional. So what you do is you create conditions to make it grow. You create conditions to kindle fire. Real love fire. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's why you bring people over. That's why you open your house. That's why you you become vulnerable and you open to them and connect to them and you become their friend, best friend like Jonathan and David. What if we were all best friends like Jonathan and David? Oh my, what sort of atmosphere can God work then? If we're all like Jonathan and David, our soul love each other, you know, real love, real connection. Hallelujah. If if felio love is conditional based on situations and things then you make the conditions so that your friends will love you. You bring them over. Use hospitality. You've got to then you know there's these things that must be done to create a an atmosphere. Amen. To make someone feel love because that human love needs something to help connect. Amen. But don't be afraid to agape here. I've got some um Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I've got some uh some definitions here that we'll get to. Now, agape, it's um it says love, that is affection or a benevolence, specifically plural, a love feast. Amen. Charity and God is agape. And then agapeo because they're two different um words. And it says here that it is to love in a social or moral sense. So now if you go down to filio because you know I've been looking at this and actually you know this I wasn't even going to preach on this but you know I stepped aside from my series that has been placed on my heart and I just prayed for a moment and said Lord do you want me to preach something else and then this just went boom just just downloaded. So here we are. So anyway, Felio, it says here to be a friend. Hallelujah. Fond of Amen. an individual or an object that is have affection for a personal attachment. Hallelujah. That's what we need today, saints, is personal attachment. Hallelujah. We need to be attached to each other on a friendship level. We need to be fond of each other. And Amen. Sometimes it's hard to be fond of people. Hallelujah. But if you get a love feast, it'll just cover all the faults. It'll cover all the differences and you'll just love them with yourself and you'll love them. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You know, I don't want to say it yet. I'll say it later. I'll be good as a matter of sentiment or feeling. It says, now this is now Felio is very much feelings, right? There's a lot of sentiment and feeling behind this. There's a connection. There's an adoration. There is a worship. Yeah. Hallelujah. Amen. It's different. Divine love is is is more it's it's an obligation almost. It's more of a moral order. It's more keeping the bigger picture and seeing the whole thing and then acting out of responsibility and love. Hallelujah. That's a big love. It's hard to understand. It's hard to comprehend. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. But that's God. But yet God, rich in his mercy, while we were yet sinners, loved us. Amen. And so when that love is expressed now divine grace can take over. Amen. Divine grace when divine love is expressed sovereign grace can take its place. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, now it's talking when we're reading in Felio, it says here to denoting a personal attachment as a matter of sentiment or feeling. Now while agapeo is wider embracing especially the judgment and the deliberate now this is I'm just reading this and it's the deliberate ascent of the will as a matter of principle duty and propriety proper things to be done properly redemption must be proper there is a duty of a redeemer to carry it out a great gallant soldier will carry out his calling and election and he's garlic in his force and he will do it just right. But he can do that without even loving people on a human level. Do you know that you've got to have the connection down here too? Hallelujah. For God himself could not stay lofty. Couldn't stay way up in the heavens un imaginable and unreachable. But our God, he condescended. Hallelujah. He condescended so we could understand him and he manifested himself in felio love. You know that I never knew it until two days ago. I started researching with and there's many scriptures of God expressing felio love as well. I never knew it. I thought it was just us. Oh, I believe it. But no, something he revealed something so powerful to meow in that and I thought wow it's powerful. How this amazing love of God Jesus. But you you've to to reach it, to understand it, he condescended. Hallelujah. Praise God. You hear this song, what condescension, bringing us redemption. He took the form of man, revealed the hidden plan. Hallelujah. Amen. To reveal filelio love. Oh. And he says that you you and he says after I can't remember where in John 16 he says now the fatherio loves you because you felio loved me and you received me as coming forth from the father. Yes Lord. So there's a connection on a human level. So that the divine love can be manifested but connected. Yes. Are you following me? Yes. It's because otherwise we can hide in fear of releasing emotional connection to people. But don't do it cuz you're not alone. Your felio love when you connect to people is not alone. It's backed up by gape love. It's backed up by gave love. Hallelujah. It's backed up by the love of God. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. So you can't there's no need to fear. Amen. Hallelujah. And it's more than just fear. It's also family traits, culture, you know, stalwart soldiering soldiers in the of the cross, gallant old school men. And they're too too too hard and too high and lofty to connect even with their children. It's all about duty. It's all about this is my responsibility. I'm a provider. I'm a real man. But actually, a real man is able to feel your love. Yeah. It's able to connect on a friendship basis. It's able to have feelings. Feelings for people. Real feelings. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Are you with me? Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I just when I heard when I read that the the the agapeo not agape now because agape is the essence, the fullness of it, the feast. But agapeo is us loving with that love. Did you know that? It's two different. It's the expression of it. It's it's yes, you can even express ag but that's on a that's the greatest that's above all things. Hallelujah. But agal [Music] love that must accompany felio love. Yes, Lord. The two are intertwined. The two are connected. The two together bring the resurrection. They bring healing. They bring sympathy. they bring for you to feel for the people that you're praying for. You need to Yes, sir. It's not It's not just some objective thing. When you're praying for people, when you're thinking about people, oh Lord, dear Lord, please heal them. Oh Lord, Lord, you know, and but you don't even feel for them, nothing's going to happen. Oh, mercy, my father, my God. Why would it happen if you've got to have a connection? Yes, sir. That connection has to be human connection and divine connection. I'll tell you, I'll show you. Oh, yes. Come on now. Amen. Hallelujah. We're going to pray tonight and I just This is where it came from. So we can pray in a in a way. Amen. May let this just take say it's for me. Let this be mine. Amen. Amen. Let this be mine. Praise the Lord. I'm taking this. I'm not going to let the devil rob me. I'm not going to let the devil try and dissuade or anything. I'm going to take this because it's going to revolutionize my life. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, we need revolution in our life. Hallelujah. Revolution against the devil. Revolution against the old nature. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Glory. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thus they uh and it says here, duty and propriety. The two loves. I put loves in there. The two must stand related. The two thus stand related very much. This is Felio and Agapeo because they are connected together. Hallelujah. Felos is where you is the start of Philadelphia and all the other felo anything apart not felo pastry. So don't get that mixed up. That's with an F. But felos so I don't know if that's even part of philosophy but felos is to and I love this this this definition here properly dare. That is a friend. Amen. And here it is. This is what really spoke to me was actively fond. It's not just some idea. I'm not bringing a doctrine to you. This is not a doctrine. This is active love. This is active fondness. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. The idea of it's good. We can all agree it's good to be fond. But be fond. Have fondness to people. Hallelujah. Amen. Let that felio love truly be the pilot, the pilot flame of your agape expression. It's got to be there's got to be something on the ground. Amen. How can you reach people if you don't care for them and are friends with them and are connected to them and are and are brave enough to let your heart go to them? How brave was David letting his heart go like that to Jonathan? I always marvel at that and it challenges me cuz I and in my own honesty it's hard for me to do that. I find that hard. Maybe it's just the way I was brought up, you know, or whatever I've gone through in my life and I pray and I'm even preaching to myself cuz when I was seeing all this, I was like praying through the whole thing. Lord, I need this. I need to be able to love like this. Yes. I need my brothers and sisters to be my friends like this. Hallelujah. I want to be also open. Hallelujah. So that's why I said are you brave enough to release your heart. Amen. To the brethren. Hallelujah. On the human level, you know, divine level is is is dare I say it, it's easier because there's no comebacks. You love them. No matter what they do to you, you just love them. You know, come on. Hey, you just love them and it just keeps fountaining flowing. Yes, Lord. You don't get hurt by if they just reject you or if they turn you down or whatever it may be or they make a mistake, it doesn't stop that. But when you begin to connect with them on a human level, they can hurt you a little bit more. But that love is not alone. Oh my Jesus, that love is not alone. It's accompanied by God's love. Hallelujah. This is where fear must be dispelled. When you realize that it's actually the perfect love casts out all the fear of you being able to truly connect with your brothers and sisters puritally purely. Amen. Actively fond that is friendly. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Agapeo love will see you selflessly carry out God's commands. Be a good and faithful steward. Serve people regardless of how they treat you. This is agapeo love. Now bring you to bless those around you without grudging. Yeah. Testlessly, tirelessly and fearlessly live and pray for others. This is agapeo love now. Amen. And it never it just keeps going. Bring timely correction based on the greater good. Amen. Amen. Now these I'm just reading out notes now because I believe it's going to help me stay on to the track here. while agapero love is expressed unconditional without caution of or fear of consequence. And when I was reading that, I was like, you know, I ended up cuz I when I was when I under the inspiration, I was writing it out and I almost burst into tears when the word came out, even this love is reckless. And you know that song reckless love. Well, actually to me from this what I've seen, it's not the agape love that's reckless. It's the felio love. It's that human love that can be because that word reckless in the positive is is to release love without caution or fear of consequences. Are you are you able to release that love knowing that you may be let down knowing that you may be betrayed? Can you? And I say yes, you can. Amen. Because it's not alone. Not alone. There's divine love. a feast of divine love for you. And as you express that love and as the atmosphere changes and as sovereign grace begins to lift the congregation into heavenly places and and and change the whole dynamic of every relationship you have because you're full of love and you're able to release that love. So I tell you now in the name of the Lord, fear not. Amen. Amen. Don't fear to love. Hallelujah. Don't fear to be a true friend like Jonathan and David. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Who knows the friendship of Jonathan and David? Is everyone familiar with what I'm talking about? The friendship of Jonathan and David. Hallelujah, mate. Powerful. We must. So while agape lover is agapeo love is expressed unconditional without caution or fear of consequence, we must never reserve, we must never hold back felio love with its conditional affection. But there must be an affection towards each other. Hallelujah. pure, healthy with its nurturing family connections, its much needed transparency, vulnerability and human fondness which is manifested on the human level. Amen. Prophet says this. He says, now I want to just, you know, this is quite powerful. He says, I just think that's the most grandest word, love. It's broke down in two different words. There's a love that's called fileo filio love. That's the love that we have one for another natural. And then there's a gapo love which comes from God. That's a godly respects in love. And I'm so glad to be here in this fellowship this afternoon or can I say this evening where both phases of love is operating fellowship one with another and the love of God shared abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. you know and defining the call of duty remember now I'm I'm speaking now the call of duty when it is just powered it can just it can actually be isolatedly powered by agapeo love here and so from that angle let me read it says here something that you must do this is the call of duty now who knows what I mean by the call of duty anyone's heard of that saying before amen the call of duty it's a it's a duty of a soldier it's a duty of a calling of an office amen it's something that you You know, it's it's what entails to be, let's say, a deacon or a or a teacher or whatever it may be and a missionary or a father or a brother or or someone some sort of leadership or any position, office or calling within that is a call of duty. Yeah. Within that is a parameters of what that is. Amen. Hallelujah. And you see, we can carry that out and be disconnected. But we don't want to be disconnected. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And we can be filled with the love of God. Amen. And it can be glorious, but yet there's more. God wants us to connect on a real human level as well, as a divine level. Amen. When we go up into our glorified bodies, it'll be different. It'll be far beyond anything we could ever imagine. But right now, right now, when we're dealing on a human level, hallelujah, we must condescend. Oh yes. Amen. It says in the Bible in Romans, it says condescend to men of lower state. Don't look from up here down. Lord, hallelujah. Amen. There must be a real love for those unloving. Amen. A real connection, a real love for them. Hallelujah. Don't look from way up, but come down. Y Amen. Praise the Lord. Call of duty is something that you must do or feel compelled to do. To do something that is morally right. The feeling that you must do something because it is your duty. A requirement or an expectation. to be steadfast and gallant as a soldier, a good steward powered by agapeo, taking responsibilities very seriously. Amen. This is all good things. I'm not putting this down. This is actually this is this is good stuff. Amen. Taking responsibilities very seriously. Ownership of office and duties. Diligently carrying out tasks expected. Sacrificing self and time to serve. Always at the post of duty. Yeah. Positive attitude and service anywhere. Amen. Anytime. Amen. A zealous soldier in the army. Hallelujah. Hello. Zealous soldiers in the army. Hallelujah. Reporting for service. Yes, sir. Amen. You know this is gallantry. Hallelujah. Amen. Regardless of circumstances. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Because God, our captain, is always worthy. He never lets us down. And we serve him with absolute valor. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So now what is beyond this call of duty? What is the thought here? To go deeper than just living for others by daring to love with felio love which opens us up to vulnerability and emotional accountability to go beyond our duty of unconditional love. Just add human love and add expressed affection. Yeah. Amen. You know sometimes all our children need is affection. They don't want they don't they don't always need our towering leadership skills and our duty doing all the service for them and and and supplying all of their needs and being a great father and a gallant prayer warrior. But what they need is love. What they need is friendship. Amen. What they need is connection. What they need is for you to get down and start connecting with them as a friend. Hallelujah. Amen. That's what they need. Hallelujah. Amen. And all the rest. But that's very important. It's like the pilot. Why? How could they, you know, if if if they grow up and they're never connected to their daddy or their mommy because she's so caught up in the duty and the responsibility and you can get fearful of of breaking that tie. Yeah. To to your responsibility by actually becoming a friend to those because it takes time and it takes vulnerability and it takes effort. Yes. And it hurts when you get hurt big time. Jesus. But that love that I'm talking about is not alone. It's not alone, saints. It's it's it's it's enshrouded. It's brooded over with divine love. Amen. Amen. Just believe it. Amen. Believe it. Hallelujah. I believe there's healing for you tonight. Amen. If there's anyone here or hearing on this, there's healing. And for me, healing. Amen. To be able to love like that. Praise the Lord. To connect like that deeper than ever before. Hallelujah. To be able to open my heart and be a true friend. Hallelujah. To be able to connect and open up and be transparent and trust. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Are we together? Amen. Amen. It means now what is beyond this call of duty. Now when I say beyond this I'm not this should be right. This should just be part of it. But I'm just bringing a thought out because sometimes we we we kind of pull back and we might be doing our service. We might be doing our duty. We might be a faithful and as all things but pulled back and that pilot of of of felio love should be right up here intertwined. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Then the effect will be more stronger. Amen. And I'll read some quotes soon how the prophet talks about how important it is to feel and have sympathy and actually be connected to those you're praying for. And actually, he it actually is a channel of God's anointing. When you begin to enter into that burden and his anointing comes, who's been there? Who's been there? Hallelujah. When you just start and you enter into that and you become you just you can't you can't even stand. You just break down, right? Yeah. Because now the very burden is getting you're becoming part of that and that is real divine love and feel love starting to come together because now you're connect connecting with them on an emotional level as well. Amen. Remember any religion without emotion is what is dead. We can't just have a big ceremonious religious message. Amen. Amen. It's got to have some real God with skin on. Amen. Hallelujah. real human love as well. Let's not cast that down. You know, I I don't know. I mean, you know, sometimes we forget about it and we think it's not important, but it is because because it now, you know, now more than ever, it's shown to me how important this love is. Yes, my Lord. I never knew God loved with this love, but now I do. And now that I know that he loves with this love, then I'm going to love with this love even more than ever. And make an effort. Hallelujah. And say, Lord, heal me if there's any restrictions in my life. And that should be your prayer tonight. I challenge you to pray and say, "Lord, heal me so that I can love like this." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I believe it'll revolutionize your walk, your prayer life, your your your your connection with God cuz if you you know and this is just coming now but if you if you can pray that for the people but then when you begin to love God like that you know he says if you don't love me Felio more than your father mother son or daughter then you're not even worthy of me and so there's got to be if and if you're struggling to love with Felio because of emotional hurt or something you've carried cuz under his conditions, then be healed of that. That your spirit be healed so that you can love God more. Who wants to love God more? Amen. That's one of my biggest prayers in my life is that I would love him more. Hallelujah. And I prayed, Lord, let me love you with all the loves there is. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Why not? Amen. Stop loving all the things of the world and start loving God before everything. Amen. or my mind or my strength or my spirit or my soul or whatever else is me. Amen. Then all of it love him. Amen. Oh yes. Oh glory. That's it. Amen. Hallelujah. Even you know he's still worthy. Amen. Regardless of the situations or the circumstances. Thank you. Glory to God. It means to go beyond the camp of our own culture, our hang-ups, our own ways to love and personally connect with the people that we are living with and fellowshipping with and that we're caring for, that we're parenting, that we're leading, teaching, and praying for. Hallelujah. The reason that sounds so good is because I wrote it all down. Amen. You know me. [Laughter] Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. I believe I was led to do that. So, it was so clear. Amen. And and I just pray that that would be your portion. That's why I said at the start, if you want this, just take it. Hallelujah. Just take it. I believe God gave that to us. Amen. I'm nothing. But I just prayed, Lord, give me a give me if you want me to preach something else cuz I was going to preach on the power of the tree of life and the weakness of the tree of knowledge. And then I but I I just felt impressed just stopped that which I'd studied for weeks and pray Lord is there anything else? Is there something else you want me to preach on? And that came and so this is what's come. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So don't take it from me. Just receive it as a gift to you. Amen. Go beyond the call of duty. Hallelujah. Amen. This is what it means. Beyond the call of duty. This is what it means. It means condescension. Amen. To condescend a men of lower state. to come down to where your children are at. To come down to where the drunkard is at, to come down to where the diseased is at. This is where that reckless that reckless felio love comes. And you look at Jesus when he's walking the earth and he just he would go up to these like infested people that everyone was like, "Stay away." And he would just walk up and he would put his arms around them. If that ain't reckless feel love, I don't know what is. He didn't care of the consequences. Yeah. Because he knew that divine love was with him. And no matter what, he didn't care about no diseases. He was over that. He was above the disease. He was above sickness. And he cared for those that no one would want to touch. Amen. Condescend. And now when I say condescend, it's not a negative condescending. That's a proud condescending. I'm talking about a humble. you know that if you're in a good place or you're strong in something, don't come and tower over to try and help somebody. Don't even tell them that you're good at it. Don't even let you know a real true character is that person will think that feel like they're equal. That's right. No matter how low they are, no matter how decrepit, how dark they've gotten into, doesn't matter that they would always feel equal. Amen. And I believe that that is where God wants us to be. Hallelujah. Amen. Unafraid. Reckless in the positive sense now. I mean, it took me a while to try and get my head around that. But I was like, "Wow, this is powerful." I know that guy um Tony or Asbury or whatever his name is, he wrote that song and he's he's actually suffered a lot of flack for that song. There's a lot of stuff going out against that and a forward and everything. It caused a lot of stir because of that word reckless love. And they're judging him because they're seeing they're looking at the divine love of God, but not realizing that God actually has a felio love too. Amen. And God made was made a man. He condescended down and he became a man so that so that this divine love could become felio and and we could touch him and we could connect with God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And glory. My We're running out of time. Amen. It also means vulnerability, connection, deep friendship like Jonathan and David. Transparency. Who wants to be transparent, you know? Amen. You don't want to be ashamed of who you really are. If anyone in here or on that tape is ashamed of who you really are and you put on something in front of everybody, the altar is open. Amen. The altar is open. You don't have to come here. It's right here. The altar is open. Amen. If you're ashamed of who you really are and you can't be yourself because you see there's healing. And when you really when the love of God comes and it neutralizes all fear and you realize, you know what? I've got nothing to be afraid of and I've got nothing to be ashamed of Jesus. The real me is ready to be revealed. And I'm going to get down and I'm going to say, Lord, I want the real me to be lovely. Oh God, let let the real me love like you. Hallelujah. Unblock all the channels. Amen. heal all the the the broken pieces. Amen. Right now, he says, "Fall on the rock and you shall be broken." Praise the Lord. And then he will build your life. Amen. Amen. Don't let the rock fall on you. That's judgment. But there is an opportunity for us as a believer or as a son or daughter of God. He's calling the people fall on the rock. Amen. Hallelujah. Fall on him and let him break you down and rebuild you. Don't come to him and try and build yourself and have a big coalition government with him. It doesn't work. It will never ever ever ever work. You'll never get anywhere. It has to be a complete surrender and a complete falling on the rock. Otherwise, it will never work. It will never work because we don't know. We know nothing. We absolutely know nothing in the in the sight of God. our good works, everything is up but filthy rags. That's it. He says, "My thoughts are higher than your thoughts. My ways are higher." Amen. And he never said you can't have them. He just said they're way higher before you get the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. But then when you start to when you get the Holy Ghost, then he begins to give you the mind of Christ. Amen. Wonderful. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Start downloading the real thoughts and you start thinking like him and you start judging like him. Amen. Yeah. When I say judging, I mean discernment, not condemnation. Hallelujah. Deep friendship, transparency, empathy. Oh my, that's a big word. Empathy. Hallelujah. Feeling for the others, entering into their burden, fearless of consequence. Agape love, you know, I put this here. Agape love is easier to give be because there is no hurt from rejection or abuse. Hallelujah. In one John 4, it says, "There is no fear in love, but perfect love cast out fear." Because fear has torment, but he that feareth is not made perfect in love. But let me tell you, the opportunity is here for you to be made perfect in love. Amen. And for him to drive out the fear. Amen. To loose the restrictions, to loose the grave clothes of your old nature. Hallelujah. so that you can walk free as a resurrected believer now. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory. Beyond the call of duty is to open to is open to be open to communicate true feelings. Amen. Not be ashamed. Honesty and transparency. Stop letting the past hurts dictate the criteria for your connection to other people. You know, this is a big thing for us. We've been all been hurt by things and people in the past, whether it's pre-Christian days or in the Christian church, whatever it may be, in the different seasons of your life, but never let that be a criteria. You should always be daring. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. To let your heart go to people. My Jesus. Help us, Father. If you go through suffering for it, it's for your own good. God will bring you forth. Amen. He will develop character in your life. It's necessary. Don't reserve your heart. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God in the highest. Felio love can be reckless. This is where that moment came in. Felio love can be daring even if adversity is certain. Do not be afraid to love, saints. Don't be afraid to be friendly. Don't be afraid to let your heart go to the people. Hallelujah. Amen. take up your cross. Amen. A cross is not a is is is not painless. A cross carries pain. Hallelujah. Amen. He says that we should be found in the likeness of his resurrection and in the likeness of his anyone know suffering. That's part of it. But are you willing? I believe I'm looking at people that are willing. Are you willing? Amen. Amen, Lord. Oh, man. the honor of it all. Amen. However, you know, brother Gary Walker, he he was going through his accident, who knows the story, and he was coming through the hospital and he was very angry and upset. And it came to a point where he was now really upset and he was upset that the Lord had allowed him to go through this. And then the Lord spoke to him and said, "If you only knew the bigger picture, you would have opted for this." And it broke him down and it changed everything and it changed his perception because there's a bigger picture. Amen. If we only knew the bigger picture. And I believe the Lord can begin to show us. If we allow him to do it so we can die to our own limits and estrangements, die to our complexes and truly express human love again. Amen. Amen. Just start now. Start now. Ye that has been hurt, start. Just love, release it and trust God. Amen. Give up your rights to a narrow comfort zone. Amen. Yeah. You know, we like to get in. Someone preached on this. Might have been at the Easter camp, but I thought it was very great. They said, you know, as you get older, your comfort zone gets smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller. And some people end up in their house and they don't want to go anywhere. and their comfort and if you get and and anytime you antagonize or aggravate that they're grumpy and become crabbed. Amen. But I I just challenge you. Don't let your comfort zone implode. Amen. Let the borders of your comfort zone be extended. Hallelujah. Amen. And God will give you grace. Hallelujah. Amen. Step outside of it. Yes, it's uncomfortable, but just keep going. It will become familiar to you. Amen. And you will realize that there's a blessing in releasing your heart. There's a blessing in expressing love. Amen. Using hospitality. Sorry my if I'm shouting, but man, it's just exciting. Amen. This is this is real, saints. This is real. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Give up your rights to an easy emotional experience because it's not going to be that. But you can hold that. You know that you can reserve your life. You can be reserved and you can hold it all back and have an easy emotional experience or you can get prayed for and you can be healed and you can be free and God can use you in a mighty way. 30, 60, 100. I go for 100fold. Who here wants 100fold fruit in their life? Hallelujah. You want 100fold? Yes, sir. Amen. Lord, that's what it's going to take. It's going to take some character development. That's going to take some fe fearlessness. It's going to take some bravery. I believe I'm looking at brave people today. People that are brave enough to love people that are brave enough to connect with the the brethren and connect with the unloly and put your heart there and and and come down and and and be part of it and share their burden. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Human love is a pilot flame and a bedding ground for the balance of divine love. The two go hand in hand. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's go beyond the call of duty, saints. Amen. Hallelujah. Romans 12:9 says, "Let love be without hypocrisy or dissimulation." Amen. That's what it says in the old in the King James, dissimulation, which is to not simulate it correctly. Dissimulation. Amen. So, you know, you can put on a love, you can put on this great pious act and be so loving in the church, but really you're thinking that you don't even like that person. That's bad. Real bad. And the reason you don't like them is cuz you're scared. Fear. Scared to love people. Hallelujah. Amen. But that divine love that comes in behind, all you need if you're like that is a love feast. Amen. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. If there's anyone like that tonight or anyone that'll ever hear this, if you are like that, then just kneel down right now and just say, "Lord, I want a love feast. I'm sick of being critical. I'm sick of having critical thoughts. I'm sick of being negative. I'm sick of having resentment. I'm sick of unforgiveness. Hallelujah. I'm sick of holding grudges. I just need to be free. I want to love again. Yes, sir. I want to come back to my first love. Amen. Do you know that first love is agape? God is saying come back to agape. Oh, don't even leave it. That's our That's our portion. Who believes? If you're going to grab something, grab that. Say, I'm grabbing my agape. my first love. Amen. I'm going to have a feast and it's never going to run dry. Lord, hallelujah. That's the shikina presence. Amen. You put something in the shikina of presence, it always comes back to its original nature. Hallelujah. You put a dead stick in there that had been a judgment stick, a judgment rod for the world. Hallelujah. You put that in the shikina present, it turned back into a tree. Hallelujah. It turned back to its original nature. I love that. It's one of the most powerful things. Hallelujah. Oh my Jesus. Why did it do it, Lord? Why? Because it was a tree to begin with. And whatever you were to begin with, you just you just get a love feast. Hallelujah. You just get a love feast. Take it. Grip that. Lay hold of your love feast tonight. Amen. Oh, it just covers a multitude of sin. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Be kindly affectionate one to another with brotherly love and honor preferring one another. Kindly affection is the love of family blood relation. But he's saying now he wants us to love each other like that. And even more because he says now love each other like that but also love each other with a god they love. Amen. So let there be a feast in this place. Call for it. Amen. Who's calling for a feast? Hallelujah. Amen. I'm calling for a feast tonight. Hallelujah. I'm calling for a feast in my life, but I'm going to call for a feast over each one. Amen. Amen. So, we're going to pray in a in a very short while. Amen. Now, please forgive me, Brahman, but I'm going to share a little story. Christine's been through many stories that Ben's told, so I'm going to tell one. Amen. No, it's a good story. It's a very good story. So um before we got married, this is the story where so um I might I I hope I tell this right. So now we're talking about being scared to love. So Brahman was in Africa. Well, see Brahman's been through a certain life um where certain circumstances in her life brought her to a place where she was scared to release her heart and love and to be married ever. So, she was ready to be a missionary and go through Africa and be a a missionary and a and a midwife over there forever and never be married. And yet, while she was there, God was waking her up in the night to pray for her future husband and all these things. And so, somehow there was a different plan. Amen. Here we are. But praise the Lord. So, we we I we had an interchurch Bible study. I think we talked about this at the 10 year anniversary, but we had an interchurch Bible study. And um this was before that there was any pastors or anything in Wellington and like so you know we just did our own thing and we just went out there and we just went around and all the different churches and whatever and just had Bible studies and you know and then so Bronin ended up invited to this group and and then we got to know each other and then one day you know lo and behold she had affections towards me and she was not very happy about these affections. She was very upset because the past hurts would become stirred up and now um so she's now praying now and this is what I believe we we need to do right this is you may be anxious at the thought of really loving and really connecting and Brahman was having a real a a time she was having a spell amen of of of anxiety and panic cuz now she feels like oh my okay this has got to be okay Lord just give me a yes or a no. That's it. You know, give me a yes or a no. And and so and and if it was yes, then and it failed, then she'd blame the Lord. But if she said no, then she's free. So she prays and she prays and she cries and she does her thing and really enters in. And then God takes her into a vision or uh in her, you know, whatever you want to call it. And here is two young children hand in hand with Jesus in the middle and they're doing ring a rosie in the vision. And she and she knew that each of the children was me and her and Jesus was in the middle. And she was like, "Ah, great. It's a no. It's a no because Jesus is in the middle. We're just to be friends." And then Jesus says this and I believe that we can apply this to our own life forever in marriage any relationship now so that you don't have to fear anymore. Okay? He says if you keep me central you will always be connected. If you keep me central you will always be connected. So if you can love with felio love and let agape be central you will always be connected. Hallelujah. It will sustain you in the ups and downs. It will sustain you when you're rejected and your feedio love is challenged and the conditions are challenged. Oh blessed father, he will sustain you through the thick and thin, through the storms, through all the variables of life. Hallelujah. When you're completely betrayed, broken by people, whatever it may be, that agape love will keep you constant and it will never fail. Jesus. Hallelujah. And so then the two children and Jesus went walking off into the future. Amen. And she came out and that was the end. We were she in her eyes we were already married. It's ready to go. I thought, man, I'd just gone to go get a Christian DVD. We're going to go watch a DVD, you know. And we all came back and my it was all on, wasn't it, honey? Beautiful. It was all on. She was like in her mind, we're going to get married. My I didn't know. Oh, man. But praise the Lord. But what the Lord did and I believe it's a word in season for us tonight as well is that if you keep him central, you will always be connected and your relationship will always be un it'll it'll it'll be uh what's the word? Bound, not bound, but like gilded and and bolstered by the unfailing God. Amen. You know Isaac's song, he says, "I may fail, but in me is the unfailing God." Yes, sir. Amen. Who's glad for the unfailing God? Amen. Can we have the musicians, please? Um, and then we will, um, bless. We'll just sing a song maybe or whatever and then we'll just pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And amen. And amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You know, in G, do you know Jes I'm just going to just while the musicians are getting ready, I'll just read a couple of quotes here. But you know, in John 11, um, this is an amazing thing that happened here when Jesus came to his the disciple came to Lazarus and came to Bethany. And Martha actually says to Jesus, she says, "Lord, behold him whom you love, Filelio, is sick." And then Jesus, when Jesus heard that, he said, "This sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the son of God might be glorified thereby." Now in verse 5, John 11:5, it says, "Now Jesus loved agape love Martha, Mary, and her Martha and her sister and Lazarus." So here you have now in the same passage of scripture the testimony of a of a fileo love and agapeo love coming together. Then through that love becomes a voice of the resurrection. And so I want to bring your attention to this love, this connection, this atmosphere, this projection of divine love and the felio love that we have for each other and the daring nature to be able to connect will bring forth the power of the resurrection in our lives. It will bring forth an atmosphere where grace can take over and can change people's lives. Amen. Hallelujah. Can take people. This is why the prophet said when he was praying for people, you must love them. must connect to them because he says without love healing. How can you do it? I'll read a quote. Can we play um Oh love of God, how rich and pure. Nice and slow in 44, please. Amen. It says here, I think it's in D in D or G. It says here, the prophet says this, and I'll just read this quote and then we'll finish. Amen. We'll get into prayer. Sorry, I've taken a little bit long. uh love and prayer, genuine love is the perfect motive for self-sacrifice. It says here now, now brother Brandham, he's in he's in a healing service, healing meetings, and he says, "Ask my brethren that's with me this week. I've eaten nothing but crackers of milk." That's true. Fasting, waiting, seeing which way the spirit will lead me. The boys at the door said, "There's a big smoker board down there, Brother Brandham. How you love to go to a smoker's board, man. I'd probably fall right there." But he didn't. And I believe that it was there was a love. Hallelujah. Amen. I said I do not I I do I do love smokers more but not in healing services. You wait on the Lord. This comes out only by fasting and praying. Here comes tomorrow night when cripples and hospital cases and dying people will be sitting there. Be ready for it. Here it is. You love people. This is the motive. Not I want to be a big shot and want to be seen as this big healer. No. He genuinely truly loved people. Yes, sir. This motivated him to sacrifice his own pleasures of food so that he could be in a place where God could use him to heal and raise the dead, heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, whatever. And I just pray, Lord, make me willing and full of love like that where I'm willing to sacrifice my own creature comforts. Hallelujah. My own food. Now, I'm not saying I'm not advocating you go become pastors all the time and everything like that, but I'm talking now. Let this love be driven by love. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I'll just keep reading this quote. It gets more powerful. And if you don't love people, you might as well get out of the ministry. That's all. Because if your heart don't burn for them, and I was very challenged by this. I said, "Lord, I need to be like that. Yeah, I need to have such a love for people that it burns for them. And if it's burning, it's not just a spiritual lofty love somewhere up in the sky. It's not, as brother Ben say, not pie in the sky. This is pie in my heart. Amen. Amen. Amen. This is reality now. This is rubber on the road. Love, true love that burns for my brothers and sisters. And I want to give you something. If you begin to pray for people and you just start praying for everyone, you just pray for people and you just with all your heart and don't rush it. Don't be in a hurry. You'll begin to connect with people and love them. Becomes personal cuz you know you're investing your heart and life into them and God begins to give you a love for them. Hallelujah. So I encourage you if you want to grow in love, just start sacrificing your time and praying for people and you will develop a love for them and a connection to them. And he says here, "If we can't love one another, how are we going to love God whom we haven't seen?" See, we must find the vein. Hallelujah. The vein is where the life runs through. Amen. Who believes that? Amen. We've got to love one another, though we different. Hello, difference. We all got different personalities. We've all got different natures. We've all got different family traits that may annoy each other. But let's see. But, but you're going to love anyhow. Amen. Amen. And I, like I said, I'll go back to the love feast. If you get a love feast, it doesn't matter anyway. Hallelujah. You just get so full of joy. It's unspeakable and full of glory. Amen. Hallelujah. You can't bluff it. You've got to really do it. You got to Amen. Okay. So, when sometimes there's options, right? But now there is no option. I'm not leaving you an option. Now you have to love. Amen. There's lots of options in your walk. You can ch choose paths. God doesn't force you to do anything. He won't even force you to do this. You do have an option if you want. But if you really want to succeed, you really want to be connected, you really want to grow, then love. Praise the Lord. Are you brave? Who's brave here? Amen. And that the greatest power I found in healing is love. When you have sympathy and love for the people trying to help them. Amen. Hallelujah. Love conquers anything. Let's stand. Where there's tongues, they shall cease. Where there's prophecies, it shall vanish. But when love comes, it conquers everything. God so loved the world. There's where you're failing. Friends, don't practice so much of whether you've got gifts or not, but practice that one real gift of love. Then you'd be better. Amen. Let's just pray. I'm just going to pray the prayer and then we'll go to actual group prayer after we sing this song. Okay. So, but I just want to do a little bit of an altar call here, but I'm not calling you to the front because we've got the prayer meeting, but right where you're at. And if anyone's on that tape there, if something has triggered in your heart or has spoken to you that you really want or a calling or you needing a touch of the spirit in your affections or in the place where you love or your subconscious somewhere where it's blocked and you really need that God to touch you so that you can be unlocked, so that you can love more, so that you can connect with people, so that fear can be dealt Then I just want you to just raise your hands to the Lord. Amen. And and we're going to pray. And I believe that God tonight will touch you. If he's given this for us, then I believe that there is grace here. Not just for us to hear what has been spoken and go, "Wow, that sounds nice." Or, "I I I like that." A mental ascent. Let's This is beyond mental ascent. that this is something for you to be touched in your heart, in your spirit, so that you can be healed or so you can be restored or so you can love more so that Felio love can be can be revealed in your life. Amen. I believe that God is here to heal. And so we'll just pray and if you want to pray in your own way I'm going to pray but we'll just pray together and then we'll sing this song and then we'll go to our actual full prayer meeting just for actually you know what because of the time let's just pray now but you can pray for yourself and I'm going to pray over you and and and if anyone's on the tape you just reach out your arms to the Lord and and you just say Lord I really need healing in this area cuz I want to love like that. Amen. Let's just pray in Jesus name. Father, Lord, I I thank you for this this word that you've given us, Lord. And I believe, Father, it's something for us to grow. It's time for us to be healed. My spirit, Lord, I need to unlock, Lord, and to unblock any channel, Lord, that would hinder me from loving. And Lord, the congregation, I believe, hands were raised. And people are are needing, Lord, a touch from you, a healing in their human spirit or in their mind. Something from the past has blocked them and they scared to love or scared to connect. But I pray Lord that love would come in such a powerful way that we would receive a feast of love and that love feast would just descend upon us Lord Jesus. And Father we would just Father Lord just be so saturated in your divine what I feel. No matter what I hear I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelu on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. [Music]
