################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-06-25 - 220625 - Going Beyond The Traditional Veil - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-06-25
Title:   220625 - Going Beyond The Traditional Veil - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sR0uvpEACL8
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Good morning. How are you? You good? That's good. It's um it's good to be uh alive. Who's happy to be alive this morning? [Music] I saw a little um uh small video and it was the this Korean man with the highest recorded IQ in the world presently. And one of the things he believes is that there is a God and that Jesus Christ is the king. Usually it's hidden from the wise and prudent and revealed to babes, but in this case the I guess it's an interesting thought because you know someone with the world's highest IQ that has a grasp of science and that often it would should lead them away. But in his case, it's led him to realize there is a God and Jesus Christ is the King of Kings. But I'm glad we don't need the highest IQ in the world to understand that we actually just need to be a human and just have this yearning in us. We just know there's more to life than what we see. And and we can come to the Lord with simple faith this morning. Just a simple just just simply come, Lord, you can just meet me this morning. and and the great creator of the universe that's almost too hard to understand would can come down to meet us on our level and and touch our heart this morning. And not only that, the great creator became my savior. The he came down and was one of us and became one of us and and went through what we go through, walk the walk that we walk, thought the things that we think, battle with the things that we battle with. He became like us so we could become like him. Amen. Let's stand this morning. Lord, we thank you that you're not too hard for us to understand or you or that Lord, you understand us because you became one of us, Lord Jesus. And we want to approach you this morning, Lord. And we want to invite you here. And Lord, we recognize the great love that you had for us that you came down and walked where we walked, Lord. You you became one of us. You you face the same challenges we face, Lord. And you died to bring us redemption this morning. And we're so grateful of that, Lord. We're so grateful that the Lord, the vilest offender that truly believes that moment from Jesus, a pardon receives, Lord, that you've extended your grace to mankind, Lord. And we we come this morning to receive that grace, to receive that mercy, Lord, to receive your your spirit in our lives, Lord, to receive your refreshing. So, we just pray you'd bless us this morning by your spirit, Lord. May you move in a powerful way in our midst, Lord. May you feel welcome to dwell here with us this morning. Lord, as we just come to worship you and to praise you and to hear your word, Lord, and we don't come with any intention other than just to worship you and to praise you and to just receive what you have for us and to Lord humble ourselves before you this morning, Lord Jesus, we just want to pray a blessing upon those that couldn't be here, upon those that are streaming, and we just commit the service to your hands in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Who's walking in victory this morning? Hands up if you are. So, everyone put your hand up. [Laughter] That's how it works. Because Jesus set me absolutely free. He died on Calvary and he gave me liberty. Oh, Jesus set me absolutely free. I'm going to pray one more time. Oh, Jesus set me. Jesus set me absolutely free. He died on Calvary and he gave me liberty. Jesus sets me absolutely free. I'm going to praise his hope. That's enough to make me That's enough to make me sing and shout. That's enough to make me dance about. All my sins he took away. All my nights he turned to day. That's enough to make me. That's enough to make me. That's enough to make me sing. Jesus sent me. Jesus sent me absolutely free. He died on Calvary and he gave me liberty. Jesus set me absolutely free. I'm going to pray his holy name. That's enough to make me That's enough to make me sing and shout. That's enough to make me dancer [Music] today. That's enough to make me That's enough to make me That's enough to make me sing. That's enough to make me That's enough to make me sing and shout. That's enough to make me dance about. All my sway all my nights turn into day. That's enough to make me. That's enough to make me That's enough to make me sing. Amen. Praise the Lord. Christians are the smartest people in the world because we're so positive. You know, have you heard all those silly songs that are so negative and people get into that, you know? They sing songs about all this negative stuff and it just brings their whole life down and you think and that's intelligent. Christians are the smartest people out there because we receive the Lord and we're so we're so positive. I just love the positive songs. Amen. I was there when the spirit came. Felt his power and I praise his name. I was there when the spirit came. [Applause] [Music] Felt the fire falling from above. All the wondous goodness of his love. I was there when the spirit came. Holy Father, Holy Father, just let thy goodness rain. Feed me Lord Jesus with the spirit once again. If you never found his purpose, you better go and again. I was there when the spirit came. Like the blessed day at Pentecost, the disciples and the spirit belongs. I was there when the spirit came. [Applause] Like a mighty Russian war, souls were saved. I was there when the spirit came. Holy father, holy father, just let my rain [Music] Jus once again. [Applause] If you never felt his purpose then go and repent again. I was there with the spirit father just let my friend see me oh Jesus with the spirit once again [Applause] [Music] I was there when the spirit came. Oh yes, I was there. I was there when the spirit came. Amen. And he didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. Oh, no. No. He didn't let the devil He didn't let the devil He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. Well, he didn't let the devil win. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. He didn't let the devil win. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] My God deliver is my God deliver is my God is my God [Applause] My God deliver Daniel. My God deliver Daniel. My God deliver Daniel. And my God was [Applause] when I said my God deliverance. My God deliverance. My God deliver legion and my God deliver me. Hosana. [Music] [Applause] Ohana. Hosana. [Music] Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. [Music] Hosana. Hosana. Oh, they sing. My God delivered Israel. Oh my God delivered Israel. My God delivered Israel. My God delivered Israel. My God deliver me. Hosana. Hosana. [Applause] Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. [Applause] [Music] Amen. You can take your seats this morning as um we've got sister Jenny has got a special just as she's coming up. I wanted to just sing the that verse a second time. My God delivered Israel because you can bet every dollar you've got that Israel is going to stand till the end of time. And and and you can come up, Sister Jenny. Well, she's not that we're gambling, but you know, like God will prove that he's the king of kings. No matter what armies come against Israel, it doesn't matter what happens. Israel is going to stand there. They're never going to be defeated. And they're such a tiny little country sitting there in the middle of all their enemies that theoretically should not have a hope of existing. They they're tiny. I think we are probably bigger than them. And yet the the all their enemies about them can't overtake them. They just no matter what they throw at them. And that's that's a type of you. You're spiritual Israel. No matter you're encamped about with all your enemies, you'll never be overthrown. As long as they stand, you'll stand. Amen. [Music] Well, I've been turned around, but I've never been lost. Seen the water get trled, but we walked across. When my knees were shaking, you held my hand. turning my problems to a promised land. Lead on, good shepherd, I'll follow on my days. There ain't nothing sweeter than to watch you make a way. You walk me through the valleys, but you've never steered me wrong. So lead on good shepherd lead on. Seen some mighty deep canyons that you brought me through. Seen some mighty big mountains that you got and moved. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Yeah, that's my song. Walking with my father to the great unknown. Lead on, good shepherd. I'll follow my days. There ain't nothing sweeter than to watch you make a way. You walk me through the valley, but you never steered me wrong. So lead on good shepherd lead on [Music] step by step, day by day. Lead me on good I pray. Road gets dark. Walk by faith. Lead on good shepherd. Step by step, day by day. Lead me on, Lord I pray. Road gets stuck, walk by faith. Lead on, good shepherd. Lead on, good shepherd. I'll follow my days. There ain't nothing sweeter than to watch you make a way. You walk me through the valley, but you've never steered me wrong. So lead on good shepherd lead on [Music] step by step, day by day. Lead me on Lord I pray. Broken stone walk by faith. Lead on good shepherd. Step by step day by day. Lead me on Lord I pray. Road gets dark, walk by faith. Lead on, good shepherd. Lead on, good shepherd. Lead on. Good shepherd. Lead on. Good shepherd. Lead on. Good shepherd. Lead on. Good shepherd. Lead on. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let's stand this morning. [Music] Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold dear will lay before the host consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds and every press on my knees will lay before the Lord. human fire. And all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold dear will lay before the Lord consuming fire. Words of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lame lay before those human fire. All I want to see is Jesus. [Music] All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine through. All I want to see. Oh, all I want to see is [Music] [Applause] [Music] All I want to see is him. in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine. [Applause] [Music] And here say and hear say well done my braious. [Applause] Well done. Well done. Well done. My face. Can you say well done my braious? Well done. Well done. [Applause] Well done. my faith. Oh, all I want to see is Jes. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is you. Jesus shineing through me. All I want to see, all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shineing through me. Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold dear will lay before the Lord. consuming fire. All my words and all my deeds and every press on my knees will lay before the holy consume me father to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus. See him shineing through me. How great the castle that lay between us. How high the mountain I could not hide. In desperation, I turn to him and spoke your name into the world. Then through the darkness, your loving kindness saw through the shadows of my soul. The work is rich. The end is rich. Jesus Christ my livinging hope. Who could imagine so great a mercy? What heart could fathom such boundless praise? The God of aes step down from glory to wear my sin and bear my shame. The cross has spoken. I am forgiven. The King of Kings calls me his own. Beautiful Savior. I'm yours forever. Jesus Christ, my Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ my living. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. [Music] Death has lost his grip on me. You have broken everything. is salvation in your name Jesus Christ my living hallelujah praise the one who set me free hallelujah death has lost its grip on me you have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name, Jesus Christ, my living. Then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body began to breathe out of the silence. The roaring lion declares the grave has no claim on me. Then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body began to breathe. Out of the silence, the roaring light declare the grave has no faith on me. Jesus yours. Jesus yours is the victory. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost it on me. You have broken everything. is salvation in your name Jesus Christ. H my living [Music] hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost it on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ. My living. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name, Jesus Christ, my living hope. Amen. Praise God. I'm free. Don't know about you, but I'm free. Amen. Free to worship. Free to praise. is free to go to heaven. Free to walk without any condemnation. I'm free. Amen. I trust you're free this morning. Praise the Lord. Thank you, musicians. Thank you, brother Isaac. Amen. Thank you, Jenny, for the special. Appreciate that. Amen. God bless you all. Good to have everyone here. Amen. Great to have brother Judy here. God bless you, bro. Welcome. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, just a reminder, we got a youth service at around 2 p.m. this afternoon. Amen. So, we got Reuben and and David speaking. So, we're looking for and myself, too. So, yeah, we're looking forward to the first two. Anyway, let's um let's take uh the scripture uh this morning. We're going to go to Matthew chapter 27. And um Amen. Yeah, it's a good question. Brother Isaac asked, "Who's happy to be alive?" Amen. Yeah, I think the scripture says, "Shall the dead praise thee?" No. Those who have life will praise the Lord. And the scripture says, "Let everything that has breath so that you'll breathe right." Praise ye the Lord. Okay. So, amen. So, Matthew 27:50-4. Amen. So, I'm just kind of just start enjoying the songs and forget you got to turn things on and get ready and, you know, so just kind of loading this while I've got that. So, we're all we've all turned. We're all happy. All right. So, Matthew 27-54. Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost. And behold, the veil of the temple was rent and twain from top to the bottom. And the earth did quake, and the rocks rent, and the graves were opened, and many bodies of the saints which slept arose, and came out of the graves after his resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many. Now when the centurion so now when the centurion and they that were with him watching Jesus saw the earthquake and those things that were done they feared greatly saying truly this was the son of God. Then we're going to go to Hebrews chapter 10 and read from verses uh 16- 21 uh as well. So it says here, I mean the book of Hebrews is a wonderful book. You know, it's hard many times where to start and stop right with the scripture. But if you go read chapter 10, you'll have a good time. I believe he says, "This is the covenant that I will make with them after those days." So the them is you. Okay, let's make this personal to them as you say the Lord. I'll put my laws into their hearts and their minds will I write them and their sins and iniquities will I remember no more. Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin. Having therefore, brethren, the boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus by a new and living way, which he hath consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say, his flesh, and having an high priest over the house of God. Amen. So, I want to speak about the veil is rent and going past the veil of tradition today. Amen. So, let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. If you have a need, you just want to slip your hand up. got a few who are sick, who are not here, want to remember them in prayer and amen. So let's just invite the Lord to where we're at today because he always comes where he's invited. So if you want him to come to your need, to your situation, say, "Lord Jesus, come by my way today." Amen. Gracious Father, we're so thankful, Lord. You've bridged the chasm. Lord, you've done mighty things. Thank you for saving us of our sins. Thank you for giving your life on Calvary that we would receive your life, Lord, eternal life. We praise your name for this day, dear God. We want to just ask as we've read your great holy word Lord. May you the great author now step forward. Anoint it to our hearts Lord. Anoint me speaker. Anoint those listening Lord Jesus here and also those who are streaming. Father may you meet every need among us dear God. May you touch those who are sick and body. Father both both here and streaming Lord Jesus. May you just come by our way. Anoint your word Lord. We surrender our lives into your hands that you'd be glorified in our midst. Lord we thank you for this day in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. So you can have your seats this morning. So I want to speak as I said about the so the the veil being rent. Now when Jesus died, we read in the scripture that the veil that was in the temple between the holy place and the holy of holies was rent from top to bottom. Now this veil was quite a was quite a piece of fabric. The um the historian Josephus would say that it was it was um it was estimated to be 4 in thick. which is quite thick, right? And then it was described as being about 60 foot tall and 30 foot wide. The veil that separated the holy of holies from the holy place was incredibly strong, requiring many people to move it. So in other words, no man could rent it in its own physical strength. It took God to rent it from top to bottom. So it's a very thick veil. It obscured the holiest place. And um but the thing is God rent that veil when Jesus died because he was showing that the way into the presence of God was now made open. That under the blood of bulls and goats uh not everyone could go into the presence of God where the where the uh ark of the covenant was where the mercy seat was. It was only the high priest once a year with his with blood could go in. But because of the blood of Jesus Christ now we can enter in and dwell there. So beforehand, if just say if we were back there in the Old Testament, if any of us decided, I'm going to go see the mercy seat today, you would have been struck dead cuz you were not allowed, you not ordained, you were not dressed right, you're not born, right? Because you had to be born as a Levite and the high priest, you had to be, you know, it was your birth that gave you right to go in, right? So, but then, so it was death to go in in the uh in the Old Testament. But now it's death not to go in to the presence of God like that because the blood of Jesus Christ has made a way. Now, we're talking about rending veils. You know, there's a lot of tradition. We have inherited 2,000 years of tradition. Whether we like it or not, we say, "Well, we're in the message, but there's a lot of traditional thinking that needs to be kicked out because tradition veils the reality and power of God to the people." Amen. But the veil's been rent today. So there's nothing that's really here that should hinder us from seeing God in reality and the fullness of his power and the reality of his word in our lives because the veil's been rent. Right? We know that the um that the priests after this happened, they spent a bit of time putting that veil back together, but they put it back together. And sadly, man through tradition has actually put a veil between God and man once again. But in this end time, the veil has been rent and the mercy seat, Jesus Christ has come into plain view of the people once again. Because when Jesus was hanging on Calvary, brother Ram says the mercy seat was hanging in plain view on Calvary. Because the mercy seat is not just a it's not a piece of furniture. Actually, that's the shadow or the symbol. The reality is the mercy seat is a person, Jesus Christ. Amen. But now, so he has come into plain view of the people. So this should really change everything in our walk, in our the way we view the world, the way we view ourselves. This changes everything. When the Lord Jesus died on Calvary, it changed everything. It changed this world. It changed hell. It changed It changed the power of Satan. Was totally taken from him. It changed everything because by a new and living way, he's given us a way to come into the very presence of God. I trust everyone's with me today. I mean, we're going to we're going to get rid of some traditions today because tradition holds us back. Tradition hinders us. There's nothing wrong with the believer. There's nothing wrong with God. It's the traditions that get between the believer and God that are the problem. Swing it. But those things are rent. I mean, those things have been divided that we can step through those things in faith into the realities of God. Personally, I believe we've only touched the surface of the reality of his word. That's me. That that's how I feel when you when brother talks about the angel of the Lord coming to him and the mighty things done in his ministry and the reality of the third pull. You know, the third pull is not just, oh, we understand doctrine. Now, that is that is the mechanics of it. The dynamics of it is the power of God living in a people like never before. That is the dynamics of the third pull. And me, you I'm probably sure you picked up on this, but I'm very interested in the dynamics. It's like a car, you know, I don't I'm not really caring too much about specs. I want to sit it and see how fast it goes. I'm interested in the dynamics, right? Just like sailing a yacht. I'm not interested in the in the in the specs. I want to see how fast it can go. how I can ride a wave, how I can catch a surf, and you know the balance of it. I want to test the thing out. That's me, right? And I believe God wants us to be that way with his word. Brother Bram says it's not about the the mechanics don't run the church. It's the dynamics run the church. And the dynamics is the Holy Ghost and the people. That is the dynamics. So now the veil's been rent. So the dynamics are in plain view. Sure, we need the mechanics, but we need the dynamics of his word. So now here's here's a thing that tradition I'm just going to uh I yeah we're just going to read this now. Tradition this is this is this is what Webster tells me tradition is. It's an inherited established or customary pattern of thought, action or behavior such as a religious practice or a social custom. It's a belief or story or a body of beliefs or stories relating to the past that are commonly accepted as historical though not verifiable. Okay. So now it's an I just want to focus on that first first um what do you call it definition it's an inherited or established or customary pattern of thought action or behavior. See the problem is when the church came out of the dark ages it had a very dead approach to God. Oh we got to be reverent. We got to be sincere. You amazing. I find it very strange how how people want to kill the spirit of God out of a church. They don't actually want God to they want to quench the spirit because it seems to be more reverent and holy. I'm going this way with, you know, there there's a reason I want to speak these things. You know, oh, we're going to be more quiet and we're going to have everything just right. And and what they're doing is actually they're allowing a nickel spirit to come in among the believers because the first church had joy unspeakable and full of glory. Amen. And that joy that's unspeakable means you can't actually put it to words the extreme joy that the believer possesses. Amen. And in this day, the believer possesses extreme joy and peace. We're going to come to it soon if you've listened to the mighty God unveiled, right? So, so yeah, but you see the thing is people seem to think of a Catholic idea of a church service as a good way of being. But it's a nickel way of actually just destroying the spirit of God's ability to move. I mean, but the thing is cuz people want to make church more palatable for the person coming off the street. It's like brother Bram said when the first you know when the when you know the first church was birthed and and you know the word became among the Gentiles it came among the slaves came among the poor people and then they got saved and God filled them with the Holy Ghost and transformed their lives and then they begin to speak to their bosses and their owners and all these things and then the then the hire of society started to come into the church and they begin to think how can we make this more polished up and look nicer that it's more acceptable and what did that come to a head cold formal worship eventually. But we're not called to make it palatable for the world. I mean, no, we have a different kind of a worship. We have a different kind of a life which is not meant to be compared to the world and how they do things. How they do things is how they do things. But how God does things in a people is actually very different. Amen. So, we don't want any kind of tradition or way of thinking. You know, it's amazing how, you know, it can become a tradition passed down that we should be negatively minded, that we should always look down on ourselves and because remember a a a veil puts a separation. So now if your thoughts are, well, God is actually a silent God. Sure, he spoke through the prophet and you can hear the prayer lines and God lived in his life and God spoke to him and sure what happened at Isusa Street, God was living there and through different believers through the ages. But with me, I guess I'm living in a different era. And you know, God doesn't speak that way anymore. That's a traditional veil. Trying to make God silent to you. God isn't silent. God speaks a lot. He's a talker. And his words mean something. Praise the Lord. You know, he isn't some silent God that just kind of, you know, you know, you know, it's not like he just, you know, made the world and sat back and see how it's all going to unfold. No, he's the shepherd that leads. Amen. He's He's working in our lives. But you got to you got to get that thinking out of your mind that God's just kind of just kind of just threw me into the river or the stream and seeing how I'm going to go, you know, of life. No, he knows the way you would take, but he's with you in it. Amen. He's not some we so we can't pass down. I you know, I think about the young people a lot. I don't want to pass down to them some kind of yes, we should feel beaten down and contrite and, you know, sad all the time and just trying to scr struggle through. That's not our portion. We've got joy unspeakable, full of glory. Amen. We've got a joy this world can't give us. Amen. And and the world can't take it away. We've got a peace that passes all understanding. Amen. We've got a satisfying portion of God. Amen. We have what the world craves after. But if if there's a veil tries to come between you and God, you'll start acting like them. I say, but it's more humble to say, "Well, I'm just this little church mouse." You ain't a church mouse. You're a lion. Amen. You ain't some church mouse. Oh, you're you're anointed adopted son or daughter of God. I mean, this is what the word produces. It doesn't produce an arrogant people. We ain't arrogant people. Who brought you in in the first place? He did. Who saved you? He did. Who keeps you? He does. Amen. Who's going to change your body? He will. Amen. It's not you or anything you do. That's another veil of self-ability. Amen. That's very much a human veil. You look at all the religions of the world. Well, if I go on this pilgrimage, if I say these prayers, if I go here, if I, you know, and that's Buddhism, Islam, that's Catholicism, it's everything around the world. It says, well, if I do this, if I work myself up into this state, therefore, I'm going to obtain Nana, I'm going to obtain what I need. No, he did it for you. Amen. He held on for you on Calvary. Amen. He conquered hell, death, and grave for you. You don't have to earn anything. He's given it freely. But a traditional veil will try and put put a thing between you thinking I need to earn something. He earned it all. Amen. He earned it all. Like I said a few Wednesdays ago, I just aired it. Amen. I fell air to every divine promise. Oh, but you can't talk like that. Yes, I can. I'm his child. You look at you know my children when they're well any age. Children are demanding. They should be cuz they're children. They know their parents can get them the thing they want. Amen. No parents rejoiced in that comment. But it's true. Dad, I want this and when can we do this and I want to do this. Shouldn't we be like that with God? We know his promises are true. We know he's more than able to perform every divine promise of God. So should we not say God, you know, like the unjust judge, that widow woman, the unjust judge, badgered him until he gave in? Amen. I just want you to think of No. Oh, but no, but that veil of tradition says, "Oh, no, but God is high and ho holy and higher than the heavens, and I'm just this little thing of this worm upon the earth, and how how would he ever listen to me and all these things?" That's a traditional veil. Amen. He rent that veil. There's no gulf between you and him. It's gone. Where did it go? He carried it far away. Amen. Like Samson carried the gates of Gaza about 40 miles uphill. Amen. Far away from where those gates were. And he took the hinges and the and the post with it, too. Amen. So, there's nothing between us and our God. If I start acting silly, well, I just get happy. Okay? But you got to realize that's a veil. Why do we have to put up with that kind of thinking? Well, God's far away and I'm down here and no, he's closer than your next breath. The Apostle Paul said to them, "He's not far from any one of you." Amen. Amen. Oh, but it's what I have done wrong. I'm I'm probably not even going to get very far in this service, but hey, that's fine. You know, there's a tradition that I need to I need to earn something. I've already said that one, haven't I? There's a tradition that we think, well, because this is a problem. This is a big problem because we think it's our it's how good we are make sure we merit something. That's a traditional veil. And there's another veil of the fact is that if if if any of us get sick, well, then we deserved it cuz we did something wrong. That's a traditional veil. Job's friends were veiled by it. They came to Job saying, "Well, you've obviously been a secret sinner, Job. That's why this has happened to you." He had done nothing wrong. God's testimony of Job was he's a perfect man. He's he's the one and only upon the earth. There's none like him. He's without peer. He's without equal. This is Job. And Job was just giving the blood of the lamb and doing his thing and not knowing anything about where he goes and all these things. And God says, "He's perfect. God don't lie. God don't lie. He doesn't embellish anything. He just says it for how it is. Amen. So, so if that was Job under the blood of bulls and goats, how much more you under the blood of Jesus Christ? I mean, where God can testify to his enemy about you. Have you seen my bride? Have you seen these ones in Shakina Tabernacle? It's not just us. It's around the world, but I want to bring it in personal. Have you considered them? They're the apple of my eye. They're perfect. There's none like them. They're without peer. Amen. Why was Job, why was God's testimony of Job like that? Because Job had faith in the blood of the lamb. It wasn't his wisdom. It wasn't him at all. It was the blood that gave God that testimony about him. You know, I was, you know, there I was there at the memorial service for Nana there on um Wednesday. I was trying to read the scripture and I just couldn't read it through my tears. I begin to get thinking, you know, you know, it's like the Lord Jesus when he looks at us, he looks at us through the blood. Amen. And there's things he can't see. Amen. And it's actually it's not just covered, it's annihilated. But through the blood when he looks because red through red, red is white, right? Amen. If you look through something red through something red, it becomes white. And when you look at sin through the blood, it becomes white. It's gone. Amen. So, so God looks at us in such a way, he says, I don't see nothing wrong with them. They're a perfect people. A traditional veil gets us to think, well, we have to be flawless to be perfect. I said it last Sunday. I want to hammer it in because that's a traditional veil. Oh, one day, one day when I don't put a foot wrong, and one day when I never have a negative thought, and one day when I'm this kind of idea, which is not even a real idea, then I've made it. And there was the prophet, and he was an adopted son. The sword came in his hand, the seals came open, and he wanted to go be a trapper in the northern British Columbia cuz he was hurt by people. He developed a complex and he received a word that the angels wanted to look into. John wasn't even allowed to write and it was placed in his hand. Go preach the revelation of the seven seals. So the lamb's going to open the book and after that he developed a complex wanted to run away and just be up in the wilderness by himself doing his own thing. And we think and that was him. What about you? We are people of like passion. We're human. Amen. All right. Some people have already morphed into something else. But you know we're all human be beings, right? So we can't put this thing on a pedestal of a well I've got to become this kind of a way nothing that nothing bothers me no more nothing hurts me no more I'm just in this kind of this nana state where and that's when I've really got joy that's a veil cuz it's making you look at God or look at yourself in the way that God doesn't look at you and doesn't talk about you. So why do we live with that veil of tradition around us? It's been rent. God wants real people. He wants people. He doesn't throw us away because we get up or we get down. There's Elijah praying after Mount Carmel. Lord, take away my life. He's under a juniper tree. Lord, I'm not you. I'm just like the rest of my fathers. I'm no good. This is This was Elijah's testimony of himself. And God says, "No, look, son, you're not like your fathers. You worship me. You didn't bow your knee to bail at all. You did exactly what I told you to do. You're faithful to the call. Amen. And I'm going to take you in a chariot ride later." So you know you know in a rapture you're not like your fathers but you think you are. Why? He was living that veil came over because of disappointment. God's rent that veil. Amen. God's rent that veil. So sickness sickness is not something that you know we think oh I've done something wrong and therefore I'm sick and I deserve it. God don't put sickness on anyone. It's the devil that puts sickness on people. Amen. The church of the living God is called to cast it out. What about if we're not meant to? He'll tell us. But don't think because you put a foot wrong and you're sick and you deserve to be sick and all that. No, that's a traditional veil. That's the veil that was on Job's friends. That's why they accused Job the way they did. As I thought, well, you've done something wrong and therefore this is why and it had nothing to do with it. Amen. Amen. So where where are we? So, we don't want to pass down a pattern, a customary pattern of thought or action or behavior that is contrary to the word. We don't want to pass down a negative way of being. We don't want to pass down a life that our children don't want. Salt is good. Salt is positive. It brings out flavor. It enhances. Right? So, if you're the salt of the earth, Amen. then what's even in you should enhance everything around you. Right? It's not something that's a something that's bitter, something that's nasty, right? Maybe my illustration is not very good, but you know, we should live a life that our pe that people around us want. And it's not and and we're not selling them some bogus idea that when you become a Christian, nothing's going to go wrong. No, we start a battle when we when we become a Christian. But there's a joy that we possess that comes into our being that is absolutely divorced from condition. I mean this is the thing we to realize that it's maybe I'll just read it. I think I'm Yeah, we'll just Where is it? Here. He says this if I can find it. Let's come to this quote. I'll get there. Let's just let some suspense build. I'm going to find it is here. It's like the main part of my service. What's going on? Okay. It's very odd. Anyway, in the unveiling of God, it here. Here it is. Here the 12. Okay, here it is. Good. Brother Bram says this in the in in the mighty God unveiled before us. Hope you didn't mind the pause. Okay. He says, "Here he is, the mighty conqueror since he rent the veil in two." See, he come the mercy seat hanging in the clear view of the congregation. But them being under the popular opinion now men and women and delegates of this convention, I want to say this without respective person. But in the view of today, in the view of what we're here for today, I'm afraid that the traditions of the fathers, the church fathers has hid this from too many people. Since the Holy Ghost has come in this last days, is prophesied and the veil has been rent. Too many people try to hang on to their traditions of the fathers. That's why they can't see the extreme joy and peace and things that the church has today. Yet, it's in plain view of those who believe. He hid the word, the promised word of this day. Now the traditions has made a veil. They say that the days of miracles is passed. So they're saying that what they had back there they don't have today. But he's saying that look the veil's been rent and too many people try to hang on to the veil. They think it's actually a good thing to hang on to the thing that obscured God from them because they think that is the way the right way to approach God. No, that's a traditional veil that needs to go away. Amen. I'll just be reverent and quiet and, you know, be a be a church mouse and be down and just always, you know, you know, always just think, well, one day God will deliver me all these things. That's a tradition. That's a veil of tradition. We're not meant to walk around like beggars. God did not want us as beggars. He wants us as sons and daughters of God. Amen. So, so this veil has been rent and people, that's why they can't see this extreme joy and peace and the things the church has today. Yet, it's in plain view of them that believe. Why? Why is it in plain view? Because he is now in plain view. I mean the word himself, Christ himself is in plain view. And it generates an extreme joy and peace. I mean in the believer why? Because he's pulled you within the veil. Amen. That veil of tradition that you should be should be sad and mopy and down. All those things that veil is gone. Friends, we have extreme joy today. Amen. We have joy like a fountain. Amen. Peace like a river, love like the ocean. Amen. An unexhaustible fountain of joy. Amen. And that joy is not based on condition. That peace of God is not based on condition. It's not some nana state to be in where your where your life is is is absent of trouble. No, it's in trouble. You have that peace. Amen. It's in trouble you have that joy. What is that joy? I'm within the holiest of holies. I've become one with the Lord God Almighty. He has saved me. He's redeemed me. He's cleansed me of all sin. Amen. And that gives a joy in my soul or joy in my spirit rather. Amen. that that that I just can't contain. Why? Because he has cleansed me. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Amen. That's an extreme joy. It's not just a little bit of joy. It's extreme. Amen. The thing is that a tradition a traditional veil wants to come on people and say, "Don't be too happy. But you'll get out of order. We're conservative. We're reserved." No, the word reserved. You know, you look at a table that's reserved for somebody else. Who are you reserved for? I'm reserved for God. and he's occupying this seat. Amen. You say, "Well, I don't I'm just not built that way." I tell you what, if we got you all drunk, you wouldn't be all quiet. I tell you what, if it wasn't if it wasn't a sin to get drunk, and I had a whole bunch of wine here. Some of you who don't talk will be dancing on these pews. I mean, you'll be you'll be dancing around feeling so happy if you are like naturally drunk. Trust me, I've been there. Thank God I'm not there anymore. God set me free of it. But it's just a cheap copy of being drunk in the spirit. I tell you what, friends, when was the last time you were drunk in the presence of the Lord? When was the last time you're intoxicated by the revelation of the word? Amen. Where just got too much. Amen. But you wanted more anyway. Amen. Where the joy of the Lord just overflowed. Amen. We just couldn't contain it. When was the last time that happened? Cuz that's your portion. But a traditional veil wants to shut you off from your joy source. No. I say that veil's been rent. We have a right to be happy. We have a right to praise God. We have a right to dance. We have a right to let off the pressure. You say, "Well, we shouldn't let off the pressure and cry and all these things." No, we are called God's prophet told us, "Come into church, let off the pressure. Come into the presence of God and let off the pressure." Well, that's just a bunch of steam coming out the whistle and the engine's not moving. I'd rather have steam coming out than a cold boiler on the inside with no fire. I mean, because steam is evidence there's fire in an engine, steam engine, right? So, I'd rather have steam coming out my whistle and I'm on the tracks than just cold there not moving. Cuz the thing is, right, we got to realize we have the fire, but we have the mechanics to go forward. Amen. We have both together. Hallelujah. So, in light of all these things, now forgive me if this is all kind of chopped up. I just want to go on the positive side. It's easy to talk about tradition and this is wrong and we shouldn't be this way. No, we are ordained to be free in the spirit. I mean, we're ordained to to to to be able to express to God how we truly feel. You say, "Well, there's joy in my soul. I don't feel it, but I've got it." I actually say, "No, there's no joy in your soul. Your soul doesn't have feelings. There's faith or doubt controlling your soul. Amen. But the nature of your spirit is actually the nature of your soul. Amen. So because once upon a time before God met you, there was unbelief ruling your soul. So what that that unbelief came into your spirit and you did all kinds of things to the world that that that unbelief or sin was governing you to do. I know for myself that's what I did. I drank, I partied, I played games, I listened to all kind of music, all that kind of stuff. Everything in the world I did. I didn't smoke cuz I couldn't afford it. But you see you know that but that was sin nature ruling me. So the nature of my what I was in my spirit realm was because of what was in my soul unbelief. But one day God rich in mercy came my way. Amen. And I went from unbelief to faith. So faith now came into my soul and that faith began to rule into my spirit. Amen. So the nature that's in my spirit is because of what's already in my soul. Amen. So what's in my spirit now? Joy like a fountain, peace like a river, a contentment. Oh, I'm so content. Why? What are you content about? That I'm saved. I'm sealed to the day of my redemption. Amen. I have a blessed assurance that Jesus is mine. I want a foretaste of glory divine. Amen. You know, we sing that song about standing before the holy consuming fire. Sure, that gives us sincerity, but it gives a joy. Amen. Because you got to think about it. If you're accepted here, you'll be accepted there. Amen. And you're accepted here. Why? Because you received the blood of Jesus Christ because you're ordained before the foundation of the world to do so. You're accepted here. The Holy Ghost sealed you to the day of your redemption. You've been accepted. The scripture says we're accepted in the beloved. Amen. So, if I'm accepted here, I ain't being turned out there. But I tell you what, if I feel the way I feel right now and I stand before his presence and he sends me to hell, I'll love him in hell. I'll worship him there. You know, earlier in my Christian walk, I the devil twisted in my mind about, you know, there's that scripture, if you sin willfully after you come to the knowledge of the truth, there's no more sacrifice for sin, right? So, he twisted that in my mind, basically saying that, well, it's like a child. If you tell them not to do something and and they do it, then there's then there's just judgment. And and so, he twisted that scripture in my mind and my heart like sunk like a lead balloon. I felt well I actually felt lost like completely lost after the Lord had gloriously saved me and changed me and everything but then I came to a point I said Lord I ain't turning back I'm not going back into the world that that bridge has been burnt Lord I'm going to live for you I'm going to love you I'm going to serve you and even if you cast me away at least I get an opportunity to stand before you one day and tell you face to face that I love you and you can send me to hell then that's fine at least I get that opportunity Lord Stop. Amen. Why? Because no, honestly, if if if I'm this way, I'll love him in hell if he sends me there. I've got a joy unspeakable. I know in whom I have believed. See, there's such a tradition that you know, you know that's come into the message. People say, "Do they follow the message?" Or, "Have you received the message?" It becomes a tradition of just a phrase that's come in. That's not the right question to ask. The right question is, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? That's a scriptural question to ask a believer. Well, have you met him? Has he changed your life? Has he put a faith in your soul that's changed you? Amen. Have you Can you look back and he's taken me from glory to glory? More than just adopting a creed of a well, yes, I have received the message. That's a good question to ask, but it's not the right question to ask. Amen. Because brother Bram has even even um says in the token message. Now, if I can find this, he says he says this. He says, "Don't just come this far and say I believe the message. You obey the messenger, come into Christ. You say, "Well, I believe every word said, Brother Bam, and people say, "Yes, I believe every word. Therefore, I've got the token." That's a traditional veil. Cuz he says, "That's good, but that's just being able to read." Got to go beyond that. Go beyond a mental assessment of yes, I'm in the message cuz I believe it. No, it's got to be quickened. I mean, you got to go within that veil of tradition because what has always been as people say, well, I need to learn about God, therefore I know him. That's a traditional veil. Amen. That came in when the gospel came among the Greeks because they thought that learning about something was the same as revelation. But that's not the same thing as revelation. That's knowledge. Amen. But when God reveals himself, that's revelation. When when the word becomes part of you, when it's quickened that you can't deny it, you can't forget it. You can't throw it away. But it becomes so real and it changes your life. That's revelation. Amen. But just learning something, well, you can swap your knowledge. You know because remember coming to Christianity is not not you adopting a thought. It's not changing like brother B was standing in India and he was talking about all the um you know you you talking to all the religions there and I think the Jane or seek temple whatever it was he says look you just want to make everyone the same changing thinking everyone Muslims to become Muslim or or Buddhist to become Buddhist or Jane to become Jane or seek to become seek or whatever more you know but he says we have the same thing in America all the Baptists want to make everyone Baptist or the Pentecostals Pentecostal or Lutheran Lutheran he says that's just a changing of thought he says it's never meant to be that way no it's me to God's meant to come down by faith into the soul of man and live there and change their whole being, not just how we think. You see, so it's a traditional veil of, "Well, if I've learned enough, therefore, I know him." That's a veil. God's rent that veil. He wants to know you by experience. He wants to know you by power. He wants to know you in reality. That's what he wants. Amen. So, we got to go beyond that. Praise the Lord. I'm glad that veil's been read. Otherwise, you know, oh, you got to get an A+ in the message, therefore you're going to heaven. I would never get there. True. Amen. I'm just trying to find where I should be. You see, it's it becomes a tradition. Amen. Like it's like the day of Pentecost. The everyone on the outside of the upper room was Pentecostal. They had come to celebrate the feast of Pentecost. It had become a tradition. But God had come in that time to fulfill his word. And those in the upper room, they weren't following tradition. They were there to receive the promise of the father, the holy ghost that Jesus told them to stay there until they received it. They had come to receive the promised word in their lives. Amen. So it's always a veil of well, we follow this by tradition. Even brother Brand makes a statement that you know God will move in someone's life and they garnish his tomb. They make it big and they make a tradition out of that his life. And how many people have made a tradition out of brother Ara's life? It's good to know about his life. It's good to know where he went and the things he did. But if you just make that some kind of criteria of being a believer, that's just a tradition. What did he want you to know? The God he knew. That's what he wanted. Remember the end of the church age book, the last paragraph, he says, he says, "The one thing I've desired is that man and man will enter into a true spiritual relationship with God and live according to his word." That was the whole thrust of the message that man and God would have a true spiritual relationship together. Amen. But a veil tries to come down of tradition saying you can't know his God. That's a veil. You say, "Well, I'm just me. He's saved by the same blood you're saved by. The same atonement made for him is the same atonement made for you. The same blood shed for the apostles is the same blood shed for you. There's no difference. Amen. Are we all together here? You know, it's a veil to think, well, God can't live my life the same way he lived in theirs. Yeah, he can. You can have joy unspeakable, full of glory, irrespective of condition. Amen. So you see it became it was a tradition for those there on the day of Pentecost that weren't in the upper room but those that came to the upper room they're looking for the promised word to be fulfilled in their lives. And to me that's like why do we come to church? Well I do because I do. That's tradition. If it's not with sincerity it's it becomes a tradition. And we can't pass down a faith that's without sincerity. It's got to be got to be deeply sincere in this day. God you called me. God. Let's just take that statement. I want to break it. God, who's it? All the almighty. The one who made heavens and earth. The one who made your body. The one who made the earth you live in and and the materials that put your house together and the clothes that you wear. He called me. Amen. How can that not make you sincere? How can it not make you thankful? It wasn't a a church never called anyone here. I've never asked anyone to join a church. We have no membership. We got no papers. This is not what this is about. No. What it's about is God calls people to walk with him. Not just know about him, but to know him that he would dwell on the inside of the inside of him. Uh them rather. Amen. So you think, well, God called me. That changes everything. What has he called me to do? Walk with him to know him. Amen. But a traditional veil is yes, Jesus calls, but it's kind of a very distant kind of a historical call. That veil's been rent. The same God back there that said to the disciples, "Come follow me," is the same God that says the same thing to you. Amen. That it does not become a tradition. So even coming to church, why do we come? Well, this is what I do. It's got to be beyond that. You know, I was thinking about this last night. I come to church to see what God's going to do. That's why I come. Oh, I want to hear the word. I want to hear a good sermon or I want to hear a new thought. That can just become a tradition. I want to hear things given slightly different way. That can just become a tradition. No, I come here that the word goes forth or rather an atmosphere is created that God comes into that atmosphere. Amen. That faith can be released into every heart that every divine promise that we have need of is manifested in our lives. That we don't just talk about joy and peace and not possess it, but we have it. We don't just claim it, but it's ours. Amen. We need healing, we receive it. And we don't let the devil ever drag down our faith thinking, "Well, you haven't received it yet." You say, "Praise God, it's on its way. Praise God, your promises are true." And then God comes down and does what he wants to do. And the miraculous takes place. And we go out of these doors saying, "Wow." Isn't that why we come to church? That's why I come to church. I don't come to speak. I come to worship God. You say, "Well, you're just you're just uh pursuing miracles. He is the God of the miraculous. The gospel came not in word only but in power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. That's how the gospel came. And if we're preaching the same gospel that Paul preached that we do, Amen. then there should be power and demonstration. Where God can come down. We come in these doors with a bad attitude. We don't leave with that bad attitude. We come down feeling down. We don't leave feeling down. What's happened? Actually, a spirit's been cast off of you, making you feel down and gloomy and moody. No, you walk out rejoicing. It doesn't matter what you have to face. Why? Cuz the word has lifted you up. Amen. Where you should be, where you're ordained to live. Hallelujah. It's like, you know, we live up on the hill. Open our curtains, you see all this fog down in the valley. From our perspective, it looks beautiful. You drive down here like this morning, it's all gloomy and dark and all these things. I thought, man, same fog, same place, but it's the perspective that really matters. Amen. because I drove back up the hill. I look back down and it's beautiful and shiny and bright and it looks neat, but it's but it's your position and it's your attitude dictates your altitude. Amen. So, if your attitude is down, well, you're you're you're going to hit the dirt. You're basically submarining. But if your attitude is, Lord, you're more than able. Lord, you're awesome. Lord, you're my portion. Lord, you did not save me to lose me, but you're keeping me and this is working for my good, Lord. And this trials bring me closer to you, Lord, because you harness trouble. You put bits in its mouth and cause it to bring me closer to you, Lord. And I can't lose. And you're so wonderful, Lord. And I'm ordained to eternal life, oh God. And you save me. Amen. I tell you what, you just basically you're f so far past past Pluto now. You Why? Cuz your altitude is real high. But if you're like, "Poor me and why this and wo is me and this trouble and well, I deserve this." That's a traditional veil. Oh, but I need to I want to be happy in life. Joy is not based on circumstance. That's a very temperamental joy. That's a joy that comes and goes like the sunshine here, right? It's not permanent joy. But the joy we possess is stable. It's constant. It's always there. It's like being by a warm fire that never goes out. It's always there. And it doesn't matter where you move that fire, it burns. Hallelujah. But what happens is when you go in the veil, when those traditional veils are rent or they are rent, but you step through them instead of trying to sew them back over because it's more holy to feel down and well, I'm going through a trial. I want to ask you the question, what is the main focus of our conversation? What is our main focus? Because whatever you talk about the most is really what you embody. We all have troubles. We have troubles. We have unanswered questions and prayers that seem to linger. We all have those things. But is that what we focus on? That's right. I wouldn't focus on those things. I'm not saying ignore them. We don't have ostrich ostrich faith that we bury our head in the sand, pretend there's no problems. We know they're there. But what's our main conversation? I mean, because brother Ram said in the Christ of mystery, God revealed, he says, now he is the principal theme of the Bible. And if the Bible, the words in you, he should be the principal theme of our walking, talking, actions, everything we do. Amen. So now if he's the principal theme, and what is he? Redemption, salvation, healing, restoration, guidance, comfort, joy, peace, counsel, establishment, a shield, a fortress, a protection, a shepherd. He's our all in all as our father. Amen. He cares for us. If if that's him, then should not that be our principal theme of our conversation? Irrespective of what's going on, you say, "Well, can you live like that?" The Apostle Paul sure did. He sure did. His joy before that veil was rent before him was how good his scholarship was. That was be but it was just prestige among men. How good he was. And that was his joy. Look, I'm the Pharisee of the Pharisees. Look at me. And I, you know, I just walk just just just right. and you know I'm a believer you know but then he met the Lord on the road to Damascus and he saw that the veil was rent and he walked through that veil to that place of extreme joy and peace and all the church that possessed and he kept that joy all the way to the end of his life. Amen. Let's just find that shall we have it somewhere. He says this here in uh the book of Acts. Here it is here. He says, "Testifying both to the Jews and also to the Greeks, repentance towards God and faith towards our Lord Jesus Christ. And now, behold, I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there, say that the Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me. But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy." Amen. So he knew, he didn't know the exact detail, but the Holy Ghost everywhere he went said, "Bonds and afflictions are abiding him. This is what you're going to walk into, Paul. You're going to walk into the trial of your life." He says, "I know." He's going to finish his course with joy. God would take him as an example to show that nothing could stop the revelation of God coming into his life. No condition. Amen. whether he was chased from city to city. You know, some people just give us a bad comment on Facebook and we cry or whatever social media account. People say something mean about us and we get all poor me and this is sad and whatever more. He got stoned. He got chased from city to city. He ended up in prison. I'm not diminishing anything, but you got to realize Paul was rugged. Why? Because the joy of the Lord was his strength. I mean he was built like all of us had the same emotions and all those things but the joy of the Lord was his strength. He went within the veil and that extreme joy and peace that the church possessed he possessed it. Amen. So it didn't matter where he was going. Sure he had afflictions. He was distressed. He was had troubles. All these things but what governed his life? Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. He says that I might finish my course with joy. He had joy unspeakable and full of glory. He was in a storm 14 days. Did he get sad? No. He went to a source of strength. Because there's always a veil of condition that tries to come over us. The veil of the five senses. Look at the state you're in. Look at your bank account. Look at this. Look at all these things that are going on. I'm not diminishing those things. The Apostle Paul was in a storm 14 days. It's like a bottle stopper going up and down on on the sea. That boat was. But what did he do? He didn't let the the um circumstances veil over the fact that God was with him. Amen. Because God had already told him before he got on the boat, you're going to witness to Caesar. You're going to Rome, Paul. This is the word of the Lord that had come to him. So, he realized because the veil was open, he realized nothing the devil could put in front of him could stop that word coming to pass. And friends, we're not going to Italy. We're going to glory. Amen. God has ordained that we're going in a rapture. Amen. You shall step on streets of gold. Amen. You shall crown me king of kings and lord of lords. You shall be presented before me holy without blame and love. Amen. So now if God has given that word to you and I trust if the veils come open, you realize it's not your ability that gets you there. It's not your good works or your, you know, what you can earn. Those are all traditional veils. Those things have been rent. And God's pulled you within the Holy of Holies for you to realize, no, God has ordained that I'm going to end up there. And what happened? Paul got to Rome. Shipwreck, snake bit, whatever more happened, he got there. This joy is not based on circumstance. If that joy was based on circumstance, he would not have finished his course with joy. We're going to cut your head off in the morning. The Apostle Paul, what do you think he did? He went there with joy. That's not that doesn't make sense. You got to realize that death is a travel bus to get us where we want to go. That's what brother Ron Spencer said a few years ago. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know the Lord Jesus had joy. Who wants to be like Jesus? Yes, sir. Says here in Luke 10:21, in that hour Jesus rejoiced in the spirit, saying, I thank thee, oh father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou has hid these things from the eyes of the wise and prudent and has revealed them unto babes. Even so, Father, for so it seemed good in thy sight. You know that word rejoice? You know what it means? Many times we see this and we see Jesus do this or this or some kind of hippie Jesus who's who's all chill. Yeah. Who's seen that? He's all this pious kind of a fellow. That word rejoice means to jump for joy. He jumped for joy. Amen. He's exceedingly rejoicing. He wasn't just, "Yeah, praise God. That's wonderful." No, he was jumping for joy exceedingly. Amen. Why? Because these things have been revealed to babes. Amen. The revelation that he contained was now being spread to others. Amen. That's what he says, "Blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see." Amen. This is the joy that he rejoiced in that the word went to others that God revealed it to other people. And should that not be the same joy that we should possess? Should we not be able to rejoice in the spirit when someone when when the light goes on, when the candle gets lit, you know, there's finally a, you know, someone is actually dwelling in the house now. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, forgive me. This is all kind of I'm just going to read these couple of quotes then we'll close. He says here now you can't walk outside this veil. You've got to come in here to find out. You've got to get there where there's nothing between you and God where the angels of God can descend and ascend back and forth bringing the messages of God back and forth to the individual. There's nothing between my soul and the savior. The poet said there he sits the mighty conqueror. He rent every veil in two. He rent the veil that you could be saved. He rent the veil that if you've committed adultery, if you have cursed, if you've done anything wrong, he rent that veil for you. That stick that Satan holds over you, he rent it. You'll only receive him. I mean, if you'll only receive him. If you're sick today, the doctors say you can't get well, he rent that veil in two. And everything is broken before God. He rent every veil. He tears down every domain. And he sits there today, the mighty conqueror since he rent the veil in two. Amen. That stick the devil holds over you, he rent that in two. What's that stick? Oh, you've done too wrong and you know, I'm here to deal with you and you're cursed and you're not blessed anymore. I tell you what, what God has blessed remains blessed. Amen. What God has blessed remains blessed. Amen. You got to realize this that if God is if you know, if you receive the Lord, you're blessed. Amen. Amen. You're blessed. And God cannot reverse his blessing. See, it's such a it's such a traditional veil of of my own ability. Amen. Dictates whether I'm blessed or not. No, Balam would say Balam would be anointed by God to prophesy about Israel. God is not a man that he should lie, neither the son of man that he should repent, which means change his mind. Hath he said and shall he not do it? Or had he spoken and shall not make it good? Behold, I have received commandment to bless and he hath blessed and I cannot reverse it. Amen. It's like, you know, Abraham was told, you shall be blessed and you shall be a blessing. So, you know, many people think, well, I've been cursed by God and this has happened and therefore I'm under this curse of sickness or whatever it is and I've just got to live under this curse. That's a lie. That's a lie of the devil. Amen. No. What who he has blessed is blessed and he cannot reverse that blessing. It's the devil that tries to curse people. Amen. But the church of the living God is here to take curses off people. And why? Because who God has blessed remains blessed. And God cannot change his mind. God cannot repent. He can't he can't back up and say, "Well, I guess I made a mistake by blessing that person with my presence, with my revelation." No. Who he has blessed remains blessed and that's it. He hath, you know, just before this, Balac, who's Barack, who's the king of um Balac is the who's the king of Moab, takes Balum around to see the hinder parts of Israel because because the king of Moab's under a traditional veil that if that that if Balam could just see the nasty bits, see the yucky bits of people's lives, then surely God will curse these people. But then when God when you know God speaks through Balum, you know, God says this. He says, "He hath not beheld iniquity in Jacob, neither hath he seen perversess in Israel. The Lord his God is with him, and the shout of a king is among them." Hallelujah. So whom God is bless you, let's all say it. I'm blessed of the Lord. I'm blessed of the Lord. Amen. The Lord's blessings are upon me. Amen. He cannot curse me. He cannot take his blessings from me. I'm blessed. Hallelujah. That should be our confession. Oh, but what about this and this and this? No, I am blessed. All those things are temporal. Amen. All those things aren't forever, but the blessing of the Lord is eternal. Amen. Cuz he put his blessing upon me. His favor has come upon me, and he's taken me all the way into glory. Hallelujah. Let's just that way. Sorry, we're going to I just want to read. He says, well, you say, "Yes, Lord, I believe." Then you enter into life. The Holy Spirit comes into you. Your old spirit dies out, makes you lust and hate and malice and enmity and hatred and all them things dies away and you become full of love, joy, peace, and resting. No matter how the wind blows, it's all right. Hallelujah. Why? You've gone within the veil. Amen. You got extreme joy and peace in the things that the world possesses. Now, I'm just going to read two more. Promise if the musicians could come. So, I actually hold my promise this time. He says, "That's enough. We could think of that and it lets off the pressure. It takes the pressure away when we recognize the position we now hold in Christ by receiving the Holy Ghost, God's own life. The Greek word zo, which means God's own life dwelling in you. And you can no more die than God can die. We're eternal with the eternal. Amen. Waiting for that glorious time of redemption of the body. Every veil has been rent. This is my summary. Every veil's been rent. The veil of ability to earn something, it's been rent. The veil of thinking I better feel down and somber and all these things, that's been rent. The veil thinking I don't deserve his blessings, that's been rent. The veil of saying, well, I've got this troubles come into my life cuz I put a foot wrong and God's curses upon me, that's been rent because what God has blessed is blessed. Okay? That veil of, well, joy is based on circumstance, that's been rent. Amen. That peace is based on circumstance. That's been rent. All those veils are gone. You don't earn it. God gives it to you. Amen. You don't It's not by good behavior that you earn anything. God gives it to you. All those vows of tradition. Well, we got to be reverent and quiet and all these things. That veil's been rent. You be you in the presence of God. You want to shout, shout. You want to dance? Dance. Just let God do it. But don't let critical spirits hold you back. Right? You be God. You You just be in God who God made you to be. But make sure it's you being free in the spirit as opposed to you just being reserved because of a veil. You say, "Well, how can you be happy all the time?" Because of him. I'm happy. Because of him, I've got joy. Because of him, I've got peace. Not by circumstances, not by bank accounts, not by material things. Those things are going to be smoke bombs and craters one day anyway. That's not going to last. But what he has done in my soul will last for eternity. Amen. So I pray that we just let that veil of tradition hang to one side and let us step into the holy of holies and you'll see when he comes to the plane view in your life that that extreme joy and peace that the church possesses becomes a living reality in you. Amen. Let's um let's stand. Peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. Well, I've got joy like a fountain. I've got joy like a fountain. I've got joy like a mountain in my soul. I've got joy like a mountain. I've got joy like a mountain. I've got joy like a mountain in my soul. Well, I've got my Savior. I've got my Savior. I've got my [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] in my soul. Well, I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got like a river in my soul. [Music] I've got a river. I've got a river. I've got a river in my soul. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yes, I got joy. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Well, I got [Music] [Applause] [Music] in my soul. I've got love for my Savior. I've got love for my Savior. I've got love for my Savior in my soul. Peace like a river. Just one more time. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. [Applause] I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. Oh, amen. You got that peace like a river, joy like a fountain, love for your savior. Amen. Let's sing that song as joy unspeakable, full of glory. I think we sung it last Sunday. Yeah, let's sing that. Amen. You got joy unspeakable. You just can't put it to words. How great the joy. How satisfying. How wonderful. Amen. Full of glory. Amen. I found his grace. is all complete. He supped [Applause] [Music] and learn Jesus. I am free indeed. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory as full of glorious joy unspeakable and full of glory and the heart has never yet been told. I have found the pleasure. I was great. His joy and peace with him. [Music] What a wonderous blessing. I am safe from the awful of sin. Yes, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, full of glory. Yes. Full of glory is joy. Unspeakable and full of glory. And the heart has never yet been sold. I have found that hope so bright living in the realm of grace. Oh, the Savior's presence is so near. I can see his smiling face. It is joy unspeakable and glory. Yes, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory and the heart has heavy. [Applause] I have found the joy no tongue can tell how it waves of glory rolls. It is like a great overflow spring. Oh, it is joy. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. or the heart has never yet. Oh, it is joy. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. It is full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full has never yet been told. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I trust that's how you feel. Amen. Let's uh let's pray. Amen. I just want to ask you the question. Have you gone within these through this river and veil? Do you know that extreme joy and peace that the church possesses? If you don't, you just want to say, Lord, I want to go beyond tradition. I want to go beyond how the world has dictated to me how I should worship you and walk with you. I want to go within the veil. I want to go into your presence, into the pillar of fire, and be changed forever. You just want to slip up your hand, say, "Lord, remember me." And we're going to pray. Gracious Father, we're so thankful that you rent the veil. Hallelujah. Lord, thank you, Lord. We can come into your divine presence and live forever. Lord Jesus, we're not separated from you no more. It's by your great sacrifice that day on Calvary that that that veil was rent, that the way into the holiest of holies was made made plain. We're so thankful, dear God, that that veil of tradition has been rent in this last day. That we don't worship you based on some idea of man. May we worship you by the revelation of the word. And I just want to ask, Father, may you touch each life here, those who have raised their hands. I pray, dear God, may they just go within that riven veil this morning. Father, may you fill them to overflowing with your Holy Spirit, dear God. And may they see the realities, Lord. May they experience the realities, Lord, of you in this day, dear God. A joy unspeakable, full of glory. A peace that passes all understanding. Dear God, a joy and a peace and a love and a thankfulness and a sincerity that's not based on any other condition but what you have done. Father, we ask these things for your glory, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. And I ask, Father, that when we talk about things, dear God, when we fellowship the things on our hearts, Lord, may it not be the conditions that we're in right now, Lord. Yes, we're going through trouble and hardship and all those things, but Lord, may that may that not be the number one on our hearts, Lord. But I pray, Father, that it would be your goodness, your mercy, Lord, your love, Lord Jesus. Your oh, your grace is great, dear God. Your Hallelujah, Lord. Your love truly passes understanding, dear God. Lord, how you would save people like us. You'd reach down your mighty hand. Lord, you'd become one of us, oh God, the lowest of the low. That you'd lift us up into heavenly places. you'd lift us up above all things, my God. Father, may we just talk about those things, Lord. How our redemption has been made sure in this day, Lord, you've sealed us in the day of our redemption by your Holy Ghost, Father. Lord, that our our destination stands sure, Lord, because you have said that we will get there, Lord God, that your blood is more than enough, Father. We don't need to earn anything. We don't need to try and work things out there, God. We just accept you by faith and walk into your divine promises. We thank you for that, Father. Lord, we just want to just just say thank you, Lord, that you've blessed us, dear God. Lord, you said whom you have blessed is blessed and you cannot reverse the blessing. So, we just want to say, dear God, may that anchor into our hearts no matter what we're going through. We're not cursed by God. We're not shunned by him. We're not shunned by you, Lord Jesus, but we've been blessed by you. We're accepted in the beloved, dear God. We're passed from death unto life. And may we go rejoicing, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. and you want to lead us in a couple of songs, growing and service is yours. I love happy songs. I've got um uh I've got the joy, joy, joy, joy down in my heart. Down in my heart, down in my heart. I've got the joy joy joy joy down in my heart. Down in my heart to say. And I'm so happy, so very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. And I'm so happy, so very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. I've got the love of Jesus, love of Jesus down in my heart. Down in my heart. Down in my heart. I've got the love of Jesus. Love of Jesus down in my heart. Down in my heart to say. And I'm so happy. So very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. And I'm so happy. So very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. I've got the peace that passes understanding down in my heart. Down in my heart. Down in my heart. I've got the peace that passes understanding down in my heart. Down in my heart to stay. And I'm so happy. I'm so happy. So very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. And I'm so happy, so very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. I've got the wonderful love of my blessing redeemer way down in the depths of my heart. Down in the depths of my heart. Down in the depths of my heart. I've got the wonderful love of my blessing away down in the depths of my heart. Down in the depths of my heart to stay. And I'm so happy, so very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. And I'm so happy, so very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. So very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. And I'm so happy, so very happy. I've got the love of Jesus in my heart. [Applause] One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. They were gathered in the offer while praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service changed. And now what he did for them that day for you to say I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Though these people may not learn the most of worldly fame. They have all received their penny cause baptized in Jesus' name. And I tell him now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. But there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all in flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean. Oh is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of these. I'm one of the one of the I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of the come my brother see this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sing that will stop the joy your soul of flame oh is burning down within my heart oh glory to his name I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. [Music] One of them. [Music] I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. [Music] I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can sing. So get ready. So get ready. Shadows fall. I have heard the alley of home. There is going to be a way how joy will sing in the evening when the captain train come. Al so get ready song get ready shadow fall. I have heard the alias of fall. There is going to be a waiting. Our joy will soon be full in the evening when the camp train comes in. Well, it was early in the morning by an ancient way. I went al [Music] and his weary journey had not been in place. So get ready. So get ready. Shadow. I have heard the alias before. There is going to be a wind. How joy will soon in the evening when the captain train comes in. Now the blessed Holy Spirit from our father God above has come down to earthy bride. And our eyes and glory on the head has prepared his tent of love and he wants his Rebecca by his side. So get ready. So get ready shadow fall. I have heard the call. There is going to be a way joyful in the evening when the camer. [Music] We have left our king so glad. We have made the world. We call it pure and spotless pride. We will soon behold our Jesus in that blessed eternity. What a happy happy way that will be. So get ready. So the shadows fall. I have heard the happiness. There is going to be a way our joy will soon fall in the evening when the cattle train come. Oh, so get ready. So get readying shadows fall. I have heard the alley call. There is going to be a wedding. Our joy will soon be full in the evening when the camel train comes in. Amen. We just pray this morning. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that it truly is joy unspeakable and full of glory to know you, Lord, and to the more we receive of you, the more joy we have in our hearts and in our lives, Lord. Lord, and I just pray that each one would be continue to be refreshed, Lord, by your spirit, Lord. That I believe there's a scripture that says the joy of the Lord is our strength, Lord. And that's that's something that it it it's not a it doesn't make sense, Lord, that when maybe Paul and Silas were re- they were in the prison, and yet there was something in them that they were joyful and they were rejoicing, Lord. There's such a power in you and that doesn't make sense that shouldn't be like how it is, Lord. And yet, in whatever situation we find ourselves in, if we're just filled with the spirit of God, we can be joyful and we can rejoice in you, Lord. So, I just pray that that would be each person here, that would be their portion each week, Lord, as we face each week. That Lord, it truly would be joy unspeakable and full of glory, Lord. That we'd just be refreshed by your spirit. That that as Paul said, none of these things move me, Lord. Right? We often think of Paul as such a great man and he had such an easy life. But yet all he had would were would were would bonds and imprisonments and all these things and yet through it all he had joy. Lord, each day he would have had joy. And not because he he he got himself into some mental state to think about it. But Lord, he was refreshed by your spirit daily. And and we know that in your spirit is joy, Lord. So I just pray a joy upon each person this week, Lord. Lord, may we go to that fountain of joy, Lord, and drink from that fountain of joy, which is you, Lord, and and and just begin to see how it changes our lives daily, Lord. How we can just be so joyful in every situation, Lord. So, we just thank you for the your word, Lord. We that we've heard this morning. I pray a blessing upon each one here. Just bless us as we go away. Ask in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord Unicemith in Jesus name this morning. Noah had drifted [Music] on the floods many days. He searched for land in various ways. Troubles he had some but not from above. God gave him his son. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white duck. God sends his pure sweet love a sign from above on the wings of a dove. Jesus our savior came to earth one day. He was born in a stable in a manger of pain. Though he rejected it, but not from above. [Music] God gave us his son on the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love. A sign from above on the wings of a dove. Though I have sorrow in many ways, I cry for healing. Oh, both night and day. Faith wasn't forgotten by the father above. [Music] God gave me his son. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white dove. God sends his pure, sweet love, a sign from above. [Applause] On the wings of a dove, on the wings, on the wings of a snow white love. God sends his pure sweet love, a sign from above. [Music] on the wings of a duck. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Oh Jesus. Jesus. Yeah, I' rather [Music] I rather [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music]
