################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-06-25 - 220625 - Sunday Afternoon - Youth Service - Youth Service.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-06-25
Title:   220625 - Sunday Afternoon - Youth Service
Speaker: Youth Service
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQqR0rfJW_c
========================================

Heat. Heat. Down. Hey. Do you? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Three, four, five, six. 4 and verse 12 says, "Let no man despise thy youth, but be thou an example of the believers in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, impurity. You youth are called to be an example. So don't feel diminished for anyone or anybody. Amen. Brother man, will you like to come here and open the meeting and pray? Is this microphone working? Sorry, James. Where's James? [Music] We come here Lord to have dessert father and sweet things happen Lord when the family comes together Father what can happen when you take over Lord I ask that you would just be with the speakers today Lord encourage them Father that they know that we are here pulling with them and Lord shouting for them Lord and uh we really want them to succeed Lord to bring you into our midst Father, the whole purpose of this gospel is to live it, Lord. And I pray that you would live it through these vessels, Father. And that me and and my family, us as hearers, Lord, would benefit from a a life, Lord, that is just surrendered to you and really loves you. Encourage Dave, brother, I love him so much, Lord. I pray that you would speak through him and Reuben as well, Lord. We really love them a lot, Father. And we want them to to just get out of the way. when you have 3 minutes in this service. Father, we ask the opening of the service. May you just come in, Lord, and take over. May your spirit be you're among us, Lord. May you dwell amongst your people once more. You said we were more gather in your name. There you are in their midst, Father. We come expectingly, Lord. And we were to kind of add our liquor fire today, Lord, with these brothers, Lord. I pray your blessing over this service. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Okay, Lilia, give me a D major. Let's stand. Let's start with the chorus. Since Yeah, I see. Is it say? Oh, he is. I think it's safe. Come on, go. [Music] Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart to my soul like a se [Applause] Jesus came into my heart since Jesus. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart of my soul like the sea he was ro since Jesus came into my heart. What a wonderful change in my life has been born since Jesus came into my heart. I have hearts in my soul. For which long I have sold. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. This is asking into my heart from my soul like the se of ro since Jesus came into my heart. I have seen this world are wondering and I straight since Jesus came into my heart and my sins which were many are all washed away. Since Jesus came into my heart since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart of my soul like the sea of thus came into my heart. I'm for of a hope that is steadfast and sure since Jesus came into my heart and all the cloud of God now my pathway of school since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart, [Applause] my soul like the sweet road since Jesus came into my heart. There's along in the valley of death now for me. Since Jesus came into my heart and the gates of the city beyond I can see. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. is just asking into my heart. [Applause] So full of my soul like the sees [Applause] came into my heart. [Music] I shall go there to dwell in the city. I know since Jesus came to my heart [Music] and I'm happy, so happy that all were adore since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. is Jesus came into my heart. Oh my soul like the S below. Since Jesus came into my heart since Jesus since Jesus came into my heart. is Jesus into my heart. [Applause] My soul like a sos since Jesus came into my heart. Amen. This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures I laid out. Beware beyond the blue. The angels make up me from heaven's softened door and I can't feel like home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friends like you. If heaven is not my home, Lord, what would I do? The angels back at me from heaven's open door and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. They're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know was I Jesus so many years ago. The song of sweetest praise with heaven. And I can feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friends like you. If heaven's not my home, then Lord, what would I do? Angels that come in from heaven's open door and I feel like home in this world. Oh Lord, oh Lord, you know I have no friends like you. If heaven's not my home, oh Lord, what would I do? The angels beck on me from heaven's open door and I can't feel like home in this world anymore. They all expecting me. They all expecting me. And that's why they don't know. I made with Jesus so many years ago. The songs of sweetest praise ripped out from heaven's door. And I feel like home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I have no friends like you. Is heaven not my home? Oh Lord, what would I do? The angels welcome me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel like home in this world anymore. And I can't feel like home in this world anymore. Amen. We have a special from Sister Analyst. [Music] of the So sing [Music] that a beautiful faithfulness. [Music] I've seen miracles my mind can't comprehend. [Music] There is beauty in what I can understand. Jesus, it's you. Jesus, it's you. And I believe in the wonderworking God. You're the wonder working God. All the miracles I've seen through goods and I believe you're the wonder working God. And you heal because you love all the mirales you'll see. Too good to not believe. Too good to not believe. to go in and all [Music] a man with my own hands. But just the mention of your name can raise the dead. All the glory to the Holy One can. Jesus, it's you. Jesus, it's you. And I believe in the wonderworking God. You're the wondering God. Oh, the mirales I've seen to good and I believe. You're the ones working God. And you heal because you love all the miracles you'll see. Too good to not believe. Too good to not believe. Too good to not believe. [Music] We've seen cancer disappear. We've seen broken bies healed. Don't you tell me he can't do it. Don't you tell me he can't do it. We've seen real life resurrection. We've seen mental health restored. Don't you tell me he can't do it. Don't you tell me he can't do it. We've seen families reunited. We've seen prodals return. Don't you tell me he can't do it. Don't you tell me he can't do it. We've seen trled souls deliver. We've seen addicts finally freed. Don't you tell me he can't do it. Don't you tell me he can't do it. We seen cities in revival. We seen salvation flood the streets. Don't you tell me he can't do it. Don't you tell me he can't do it. Wisdom, glory fill the nations like the world has never seen. Don't you tell me he can't do it. Cuz I know that he can do it. I believe in the wonderworking God. You're the wondering God. All the miracles I've seen to good and not believe. You're the wonder working God. And you heal because you love all the miracles we'll see. Too good to not believe. Too good to not believe. Too good to not believe. [Music] [Applause] Let's stand. That was awesome. Nonetheless, never stop singing. Let's sing a song and then we're going to receive Brother David. Um when he open his word, the world is sold. Sin is broken. You have one victory. [Music] The world is open. Sin is broken. You have one for me. You save all of my tears. You have renewed my life. When you open your word, the heavens heard me cry. singing blessing and honor and praise. Will is the lamb who was slain to receive glory. Glory and power and praise. Singing blessings and honor and praise. Worthy is the lamb [Music] who was slain to receive glory. Glory and power and praise. The word is open. Sin is broken. No more bondage. No more pain. The word is hope. Sin is broken. No more darkness. No more shame. You save all of my tears. [Music] [Applause] You have renewed my life. When you open your word, the heavens hear me cry. Oh, sing blessings and honor and praise. Who is the lamb who are slain to receive glory, glory and power and praise. [Music] Oh, singing blessings and honor and praise. Where is the lamb who was slain? To receive glory, glory and power and praise. [Music] I pour out my praise. I'll break out a basket at your feet. [Music] Wash with my tears, with your love in my heart. I worship you. I pour out my praise. I pour on my praise. I'll break a basket at your feet [Music] and wash with my tears with your love in my heart. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] singing blessing and honor and praise. Worthy is the lamb who was slain to rise in glory. Glory and power and praise. Oh, singing blessing and honor and praise. Worthy is the lamb who was slain to rise in glory. Glory and power and praise. The word is known. Sin is broken. You have won victory. The world is open. Sin is broken. You have won it all for me. [Music] Amen. Amen. God bless you everyone. Just um open in a in a word of prayer. Dearly father, oh Lord, it's such a a great honor and a blessing, dearly father, to to be here this afternoon, oh Lord. Dear Lord, to come and um minister unto your children, dearly father, I pray that oh Lord, you just remove me, dearly Father, and dear Lord, that you may speak through me and just bless me, dearly Father, and dear Lord, take all my nerves, dearly Father, and just remove them from me, dearly Father, that will try to hinder me, oh Lord. Dearly Father, that I may just be a blessing, oh Lord. May everyone just really receive of you, dearly father, and be blessed in you, dear Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, I pray that you just come take control, dearly father. Take control, dearly father, and just just move in a in a mighty way, dearly father. And dear Lord, also as brother Ruben, dearly father, ministers, dearly father, may you just take hold of him, dearly father, and bless him. And brother Ben, dearly father, take hold of him also, dearly father. And dear Lord, may everyone just be be so so blessed, oh Lord. Dearly father, that we may really just um just enter into you, dear Lord Jesus, and be blessed in you and your in your Holy Spirit, dearly Father. Dear Lord, that we may just really enter in, dearly Father, and just have such a a blessed time, dear Lord Jesus. I thank you, oh Lord. In Jesus Christ's name, I pray. Amen. God bless you musicians. Amen. I feel joyful. I like brother Ed's sermon how he said talked about being joyful. Amen. I feel very very joyful today. Amen. And and my sermon today is why did Jesus have to die? Amen. So if we can um all turn turn in the scripture, turn to Psalms 51 and and five. I just read off here. Amen. And it says here, "Behold, I was shapen in iniquity and in sin did my mother conceive me." Amen. So, we're all shapen in iniquity. Amen. And we were we were born with a a fallen nature. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. I mean, I I feel such a nice atmosphere in here. It's so warm and just nice. Amen. You know, I I was in the bush. I walked into the bush on Friday to go for a hunt. Stayed overnight. And I got back up at 4 in the morning and by 5 in the morning, I was walking. And where I was going, I was going sort of along this this sort of a a ridge, big long ridge shaped like a U. And um it was there was one spot that I had to sort of um walk beside someone's boundary like it was a little bit of private land. And anyways, I was walking and I'd sort of passed that and it was just getting just starting to break break some daylight. And um and then in 50 mters from me, I saw what I thought was a someone shining a torch, you know. I was like, "Oh my, these people are someone's deer hunting here." And when they're deer hunting, you know, you can't make any sound. You dogs can't run around and my you know, they're going to swear at me when I come around here. And so I was panicking, you know, quickly. I'm checking my phone. Am I on dockland putting my dogs on leashes? You know, cuz I don't want anything, you know, to get upset these people who are doing this and found it odd cuz you're not allowed to to shine a light on Dockland. Anyways, I was like, what's happening? You know, are these bad people? You know, am I in danger? And so I decided I was like, I'll go, you know, I have to go quietly, put my torch on to you to do like a green light setting so they can't really see your your torch light. Walked a bit further and, you know, it turns out it was the sunrise. It made it look like a light beam. Amen. And I man and I was I just felt a atmosphere change from like all panicking and all this stuff to suddenly, you know, I was in a pleasant atmosphere. I realized I'm alone. You know, there's no bad people. I'm I'm in no harm. I'm just having a blessed time in the Lord. Amen. So, amen. So, so here we see that we we we are born we are born with this this fallen nature because in in in the in the fall when Adam fell a mean that before he fell the human race was perfect but then after Adam sinned then then the human race the human race fell and we are now born in and shaped in in sin and iniquity. Amen. And you know like myself when I was a kid um I used to bite people and stuff and you know go make quarrels and try to always touch fireplaces and stuff when people told me not to. But it's cuz I was born with a fallen nature. Amen. There was just something in me that that just that didn't want to to do the right thing. And I mean we we we are all born with this nature. Amen. And brother Brandham says here now quietly reverently before God as we seen this seal open to us God giving his own beloved children and blind the eyes and send them because his own justice justice requires judgment of sin. Think of that his justice and his holiness requires justice. A law without a penalty is not a law. And his own laws himself he cannot defy and still remain God. So when we fell, God couldn't just, you know, we couldn't just then be back better again. We had to have a sacrifice. Amen. Something something had to happen. Amen. The the the fallen David had to had something sacrificed for him so I could I could be brought back to to how Adam was. Amen. So So you know, God can't just he can't just forgive this and we be back to back to how it was. You know, there had to be a sacrifice. Amen. And you know, but but but God couldn't let the fallen David go because I'm part of him, you know, and we're all part of him. Amen. So God had to come and and and he wanted he he wants to to dwell in us again. Amen. So so so God has a plan. Amen. And and we see that, you know, that that God God wants to he he he he desires to to to be to be to be back with us. And and brother Brandham says here, God's holiness, God being God projects that himself. If there was not a sinner, there would never he would never have been a savior. And God also doesn't just desire to to be back with us in this fellowship. He did there before the be in the beginning we he was um he had these attributes in him like brother Brandham's saying here to to be a savior and stuff and and and God wants God has to express those attributes. Amen. So you know you could say we had to fall for for God to be able to express these attributes as brother Bram was saying. But if he was a savior at the beginning so there was nothing lost and his own attributes as being a savior projected a sinner. There had to be something to be saved before there could be anything saved. There had to be something lost. So we had to fall in in order that in order that God could become a savior to us. Amen. And brother Brandham carries on here. He says, "And his righteousness and his holiness, if there had never been a a sick person, he'd have never been a healer from the beginning. And of the beginnings, he was before the beginning, he was a healer." So there was nothing sick, so had projected a sick person that he might heal them to make them a healer. Amen. So So we had to fall and we had to get sick and have these problems so that the Lord could come and could could come and heal us. Amen. Amen. Brother Bam says here he says um says here and he was crucified for our sins and raised for our justification. Then through his righteous blood we are cleansed that God could come into us and fellowship. God making his way back to fellowship with Adam's children as he did with Adam before the fall. And we are redeemed from all the curse of the fall and now have the earnest of our salvation. Amen. So God so so so God God came and and died for us. Amen. That's why he had to die because because he had to redeem us from from this from the the fall. Amen. He had to bring us he wanted to bring us back into communication with him so that he can come dwell in us and and s with us. Yeah. Amen. And and and so and so he died for us. And and and we can see that he also had to had to had to come die for us so that he could be a savior. Amen. Because we understand that from from the beginning of time, he was a savior, but he had to come and express those attributes. Amen. Hallelujah. John 3:13 says here, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world but that the world through him might be saved." Amen. So, so just in closing, if the we could have the musicians. So we we understand that why God had to die was because God had to express the attributes of a savior that were order in him. But he had to come and and express these attributes and he wanted to have communion with us so he could come and and dwell dwell in us. Amen. He couldn't just he couldn't just stay stay he when when we fell he wanted to come yeah come come come sub with us. And you know when I fell into the world you know that felt like you know there was just I wanted to go back to how things were. You know I didn't want to stay like this in this broken person. Amen. I wanted to to come back and really really suck with the Lord. Amen. And you know that's sort of what the Lord wanted with us. He just wanted to come back. Amen. And praise God he did. Amen. And praise God because else I would have been lost. Amen. So but I am found. And praise God that God has found all of us. Amen. Such a blessing. Amen. Just if the musicians could play quietly, we'll just um if we could just stand. Let's close in a word of prayer. And Amen. And you know, if you if you really feel you want the Lord to just come and work in your life and and just come and come and bless you. I love raising my hand. Amen. Cuz you know, at first you sort of think, "Oh, who's looking at me?" But I heard a quote brother Brandham said. He said, "I always raise my hand when anyone um whenever someone asks me if there any need, should we raise a hand?" He said, "Always do cuz we are a needy people." So every time Brother Ben says, "Raise your hand." I always I always got my hand up, man. Cuz I'm a needy person. I mean, if Brother Brandon was needy, I'm very needy. Amen. Um let's just pray. Dearly Father, oh Lord, I pray you just come, Dear Lord, come meet all the needs. Dearly Father, oh Lord, we're a needy people, dear Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, I've got my hand up. Dearly father, I'm a I'm a needy person. Oh Lord, I pray you just come come meet our needs, oh Lord, and just come come be very close to us, dear heavenly father. Oh Lord, I pray that you just come and just bless us, oh Lord. I thank you that we could come today, dearly father, and just be so so blessed in you, dear Lord Jesus. And dear Lord, may you just continue your your your great and mighty work in our lives, dely. And dear Lord, we thank you for saving us, dearly Father. And oh Lord, we we understand why you had to die, dearly Father. dear Lord, to save us, oh Lord, and to to express the attributes of a savior, of a redeemer, dear heavenly father of a healer, we thank you that you've done this for us, oh Lord, we thank you that we're not lost, that we're found, and dearly Father, that we're all filled with the Holy Ghost and going to heaven in a rapture. Oh Lord, if Deather, dear Lord, if we don't die before, Dearly Father, but dear Lord, I thank you for being with us. I thank you for being our portion, dear Lord Jesus. In Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. Amen. Brother Jim, [Applause] Thank you, David. I remember one time when I was a kid, I was going down a slide. Was a very high slide and you know when you're a kid, you you just want to have some fun and what happened with my Hi, Ven. So, I was going down and I start to fall to the side. So, I was going to land on the ground, but there was a guy from the youth that he just grabbed me and and he saved me from landing on on the ground. That guy was my friend for the rest of the years that I was there in Chile. And one of the greatest um attributes from the Lord is being a savior. I remember when he rescued me. Amen. When you have that revelation that he's a savior, man. Hallelujah. Let's just sing um um worthy is the lamb. [Music] Thank you for the cross. Thank you for the price you pay. Sorry, let's start again. Is it an E G? Let's play in G. M for the Thank you for the price you pay. [Applause] bear in all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave your praise. Thank you for this love. [Music] Thank you for the helping. [Music] Wash me in your blessing. Now all I know your forgiveness and praise. Worthy is the lamb [Music] [Applause] seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crown. You bring me [Applause] high and Jesus son of God the I pray. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross. Oh, [Music] thank you for the price. All my sin and shame in love. You came and gave my face to grace. Thank you for my [Music] Thank you for watching your pres. Now all I know your forgiveness and the [Music] seed. We crown you now with ground. You reign victorious. So high and lifted up. Jesus son of God. The darling of heaven crucified. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is love. Worthy is love. Worthy is the lamb. Amen. Um, thank you musicians. Um, thank you brother Ben as well for giving me the opportunity. Um, today I'd like to preach on something um, fairly simple and probably we've all like heard it a couple times before, but it really stuck out to me this month. Um, and I want to share it with you guys. So, um, I just like to open in the word of um, prayer real quick. Thank you, Lord, that you could um, bring us here, Lord, this afternoon. Lord, I pray that you'll please help me, Lord, to get out the way and that you would speak to your people, Lord. And I pray that they'll be able to get something out of it. I pray pray bless the word as we open it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Okay. This is my scripture. Trust in the Lord with all thy heart and lean not unto your own understandings. In all ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy path. You may be seated. So today I'd like to talk about listening to God's voice and letting him lead. And I've got two people in the Bible today that um I want to talk about. So this is the meaning of lead. So to lead is to direct in a course will show the way to be followed. And that's what the Lord did for us I believe. So I'd like to talk about David this morning uh afternoon and um ziglag and I would just read a little bit from here and then I'll kind of go to the definition and come back. So it says here and David inquired of the Lord saying shall I pursue after this troop? Shall I overtake them? And he answered him, "Pursue, for thou shalt surely overtake takeake them and without fail recover all." And so I want to just go to this um meaning here. Diligently is to active, attentive, carefully, eager, earnest, and persistent. So um I would say that David didn't just ask the Lord once, but he asked of the Lord a couple times if he if he should go or not. And it says here as we go on, so David went, he and 600 men that were with him and came to the brook Besso. And when those when those that were left behind stayed, but David pursued he and 400 men for 200 abode behind where which were so faint that they could not go over Brooks. And they and wait, I just quickly go back here. So in this scenario, David was in a very like tense time. His family and everything was taken away and um many like the people wanted to stone him and things. So he was in a very tough time and he could have listened to many people. He could have listened to his friends. He could have listened to his governor and all that. But instead, he listened to God and he asked God first. And we can do that in our life. Like if we've got a situation where we need God as leading, we should ask God and we shouldn't go to our friends and different things for a first opinion. And it keeps going to say, "And they found an Egyptian boy in the field and brought him to David. And he gave them gave him bread, and they did and he did eat. And they made him drink water. And he gave and they gave him a piece of cake of figs and two clusters of raisins. And when he had eaten, he his spirit came again to him. For he had not eaten bread nor drunk any water three days and three nights. And you see here by David listening to God, he didn't just um go on to win the battle and get back his family, but he also came to help this person that was probably going to die if he didn't come that way. So sometimes the Lord leads us a certain way that might not seem the way we want to go or we think we should go but there might be someone else that we can help while going through that going through that trial or whatever. So um down here it says and and he said unto him to whom belongest thou and whence art thou? And he said, "I'm a young man of Egypt, the servant of Amalcch, and my master left me because 3 days a gone, I fell sick." And um and he goes on to say about how they invaded and gives David like some information about where the the um people were and where he could find them. And and so you can read on here and it says I'm just skipping down a bit to and it says and day um and he and David smokeote them from the twilight even unto the evening of the next day and they escaped no not a man of them save 400 young men which rode on camel camels and fled. And David recovered all that the Amalachites had carried away. And David rescued his two wives. And there was nothing lacking them. Neither small nor great, son nor daughter, neither spoil nor anything that had that they had taken to them, David recovered all. And also, you see, when God leads you, like you get everything back. You don't leave anything behind. So listening to God, I would say, is probably the best thing you could do. And I want to talk on the other side. So God listened to David but uh to David listened to God but here's another part where about Saul and this is when Saul didn't listen to God. And thus saith the the Lord of hosts I remember that which Amalcch did to Israel how he laid weight for him in the way when he came up from Egypt. Now go and smite Amalcch and utterly destroy all that they have and spare them not but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass. And so I've got a little meaning here as well for utterly destroy. It is to completely ruin or eliminate something leaving nothing remaining. So this is quite a clear instruction from God. Don't leave anything behind like just absolutely take them out. And D and Saul gathered his people together and numbered them in tell him 200,000 footmen and 10,000 men from of Judah. And David came to the city of Amalcch and laid weight in the valley. And Saul said unto Canite, unto the Canites, "Go depart, get you down from among the Amalachites, lest I destroy you with them. For you showed kindness to all the children of Israel when they came up out of Egypt." So um Kenn the Kennedites departed from among the Amalachites and and Saul smokeote the Amalachites from Havali Havala um unto the thou comest to sure that it that is over against Egypt. And he took Aag the king of the Amalikites and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword. But Saul and the people spared Aag the best of the sheep and of the oxen and of the fatlings and of the lambs and all that was good and would not utterly destroy them. But everything that was vile and refuse that they destroyed utterly. So he didn't listen to God and he just like destroyed what he didn't want. He didn't he didn't go by what God wanted him to do. And um so he kept the king and he kept all the nice things of the land. And then came the word of the Lord unto Samuel, saying, "It repenteth me that I have set up Saul to be king, for he turned turned back from following me, and he has not performed my commandments." And it grieveth Sam and it grieveth Samuel, and he cried unto the Lord all night. And so here you see as well he got punished for not listening to God just like we remember the story of brother Brandham with hope when he didn't listen to God and um to go preach for the meetings that the people wanted him told and um listened to his mother-in-law instead of listening to God and hope died. though in this case Saul didn't listen to God and he from there on the throne got given to David and he was no longer king and so God can also like with danger God can show us where to go cuz like if there's a story so I'll tell you a story um not Noah nos but me Liam and another friend of us and Noah uh we were playing in the backyard and we saw wasp nest in Belmont And um we decided to hit it with bats, but I I always had this feeling that we shouldn't do it, like just stay away, like go away from it. And we just I didn't really listen. So we kept on whacking at the bush. And the luckily not many came out, but some wasps came out and stung us. But that's just a quick um like story to show that if you don't listen to God, like he does warn you and he tries to help you, but if you don't listen to him, then he can't do much about that. So, um if the musicians want to come up, I'm just going to read one more quote here that brother Bham says, um there's one more thing left and God take me to the cave where I can find it. Let's get that still small voice. That's something that puts the cream in life. That's some That's something that though you speak with tongues of men and angels and have not that you're nothing. Though you can prophesy and do great signs, but if that little still small voice isn't there, you're nothing, says a scripture. That's what we're listening for. We've had the earth, the thundsies. We've had the fire. We've had the rushing winds and the earthquakes. But God sent us as the still small voice. That's what we need. So, I believe that all of us in this week coming and through our lives should listen to God and let him lead because there's no one better to lead us than God cuz he knows what's going to come before us and and everything and how he wants it planned out. So, I pray you guys were blessed by that. And yeah, I'm just want to pray real quick. Um, if I can just close it. Thank you, Lord, for being with with me, Lord, and helping me, Lord. I pray that the people here would be able to take something from the service, Lord. And I pray that you'll please just bless them as they go on their ways home. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Let's stand. Amen. Thank you, Reuben, for that. God bless you. I am America before my heart. Live before even time began. My life will save his hand. Let's go. I have a maker again. I have a make before my heart [Music] and before even time began. My life was in his hand. He knows my name. He knows my every song. He sees it still and he me. He knows my name. Oh, he knows my name. [Applause] He knows my thought. He sees each year [Applause] and he is me when I call. I have a father. We call blessing. [Music] I go. [Music] He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Amen. What a great father we have. Praise the Lord. Who enjoyed that? Hey, thank you, Reuben. Thank you, David. Amen. Amen. That was a blessing. Appreciate both of those. Amen. Let's um Thank you, musicians. Amen. So, I set up a for the youth, I set up a anonymous question form. Basically, a blank form and they can just put in anything, send it to me. I don't know who it comes from. I just receive it. So, I got a couple of questions in the week. So, we're just going to go through them. This is actually one question even though it's three. And then we're going to go the second one. So, got a good um but yeah, I won't try and be I'll try and not be too long. Um we're just going to So, here's the question. So, we're going to go to Judges 13. It says, "So, how is the story of Samson relevant to us as the bride? Also, how uh is him not cutting his hair significant to his strength? And is there a link of how women are to keep their long hair?" So, that's the question. Good question. That's a good question. So, let's go to Judges uh 13. We just read here um quickly then you can um have your seats. So it says here, yes we have it here. So it says uh and the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the Lord and the Lord delivered them into the hand of the Philistines 40 years. And there was a certain man of Zora of the family of the Danites whose name was Monoah and his wife was barren and bear not. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto the woman, and said unto her, Behold now, thou art barren, and bearest not, but thou shalt conceive and bear a son. Uh, now therefore, beware, I pray thee, drink not wine, nor strong drink, and and eat not any unclean thing. For lo, thou shalt conceive and bear a son, and no razor shall come on his head. For the child shall be a Nazerite unto God from the womb, and he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the l hand of the Philistines. Amen. So, let's pray this afternoon. and gracious father, we want to thank you Lord so much that you are our heavenly father. We appreciate this Lord this afternoon. Thank you for what we've heard just now. Lord, thank you for speaking to our lives. And Lord, I just pray as we've read your word once again, may you anoint speaker and hear her one more time and bring clarity and bring understanding. Lord, we love you so much and we thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats um this afternoon. So how is the story of Samson relevant to us as the bride and how is him not cutting his hair significant to his strength? So I'm just repeating myself here and is there any linked of how women are to keep their long hair. So the story of Samson being relevant to the bride is it speaks of the believers down through the seven church ages but in particularly this last age. Now um the mother of Samson was told to to not uh you know to don't drink strong wine or eating unclean thingy because the child that she was going to birth was going to be a Nazarite. Now a Nazerite if we look into the scripture in numbers 6 it says and so this is the law of the Nazarite basically means someone who separated to God. Okay that's what Nazarite means. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, uh, when either man or woman shall separate themselves a vow, vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto the Lord, he shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall not drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, or dried. All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree from the kernels, even to the husk. And all the days of the vow of separation shall there shall be no razor come upon his head until the days be fulfilled in which he separated himself unto the Lord. He shall be holy and shall let the locks of his hair of his head grow all the days that he has separated himself unto the Lord. He shall come at no dead body. He shall not make himself unclean for his father or his mother, for his brother or for his sister when they die because the consecration of God of his God is upon his head all the days of his separation. He is holy unto the Lord. So Samson was born a Nazerite. Okay. So he was and it says he shall be a Nazerite even unto his death. So he was going to be a Nazerite all all of his life. Okay? So he's separated to God. Now his strength lay in his separation to God which is symbolized by his uncut hair. And this is where it comes into how it ties in with a woman. We'll go into 1 Corinthians 11. But a Nazarite vow. We are all Nazarites to the Lord. When you give your life to the Lord, you're separated unto him. See, many times people just say, "Oh, you're separated from the world." But what are we separated to? We're separated to the true and living God. The power of his blood cleanses us from the things of the world and we're separated to God. Now, this is symbolized in the uncut hair of a woman because it's showing that she is under the word. Okay? So, she is separate. Her headship is the Lord himself. And this brings a power and a protection with it. But now with Samson, because we know that anything God puts in his word for us to do, there's a spiritual application or principle behind it. It's not just because, you know, there's a reason behind it. Now, so Samson was ordained by God to begin the deliverance um of Israel from the Philistines. Now, it's just like when the church was birthed on the day of Pentecost, it was birthed that God would bring deliverance to all of his people through his body on the earth, which was the church. But then what happened is because when compromise came in then um then of course the you know those locks were were were shaved off and the power of God was shaved off the church but now in this end time it has regrown. So B but so I'm going to kind of I've given you the long the short of the long of it but now I'm going to kind of jump into that because the question is how is the story relevant to you and I because it's not just on a seven church ages level but it's on a personal level. Now, Samson had the secret of his strength was his Nazarite vow. And the enemy was always trying to see how the how he could break that power. It's the same thing with the devil against you and I. He's seeing how he can break the power of God because he knows I mean he knows he doesn't have the keys to his own house. He knows he was defeated on every hand. But he but he's trying to how can I he always thinks how can he separate God and man? Remember and you know in in heaven he was anointed cherub that coverth. He he he protect he he guarded access to God. So he's always going to try and be that wedge between you and God. That's just how he's built because he's fallen but he's still a cherubam in that way but he's fallen from that but he's still made that way. So he's going to always try and get between you and God. And so now the you know the Philistines would try and say how can we how can we uh find the secret of his strength that we can cut it take it from him that he'll be like any other man because Samson wasn't some big Hulk smash kind of a guy, right? He was a little bitty shrimp. He wasn't some big massive 10-ft monster, primeval monster guy. He was he was small. And that's, you know, and that's the secret of it is the fact that it wasn't his physical strength. It was the anointing of God came upon him cuz he was separated to God that God would do supernatural things through his life. And so the enemy wanted to find the way to to um get it. Now, the problem is is Samson had a weakness. Samson didn't give his whole life to the Lord. See, there's always, you know, if you're fully surrendered to God, there's nothing the devil can do to get you, right? But he gave his strength to God, but he gave his heart to Delilah. And it shows that us as a people can give our gifts to God. But what about us? Cuz his heart is, you know, your heart is who you really are. You see, he didn't give his heart to the Lord. He gave his strength to the Lord. And we can be gifted. We can speak. We can play. We can sing. We can do whatever. That's just a gift we can give to God. But what about our hearts? God wants our heart, right? He doesn't just want a gift. He wants you. He wants me. Amen. So Samson Samson, you know, he didn't he didn't give his strength. I mean, sorry, he gave his strength to God. He didn't give his heart. Now, Brother Bram says this in in a total deliverance. He says, just like you, if you're a Christian, God doesn't make any halfways. God makes complete Christians. God don't make halfway preachers, but a preacher can be halfway. And God makes his children Christians, but sometimes they're halfway Christians. Amen. But it's not God's intention for them to be that way as their own ways got mixed up with the plan of God for their life. And that's what makes them the way they are. So Samson had a plan. God had a plan. Samson's plan was I want the pretty Philistine girls. And God wanted him to deliver deliver Israel from the Philistines. Right? So so he was halfway in that way. See? Um and this is the problem is that because of that he yielded his his heart. He gave to Delilah, his strength he gave to God. So this doesn't come into how does it apply to you and I. We got to give all that we are to the Lord. God doesn't want part of us. He wants all of us. He wants all of our life, all of our heart, all of our affections, all that we are wants to be surrendered to him. Because if if Samson was completely surrendered to God and he came to that point, right? He came to that point where he's blinded in the temple of the Philistines. He came to that point then, but earlier in his life, he could have done it. Okay? He could have fully surrendered because when we're fully surrendered, we can't be bought. You know, there's nothing the devil can offer us that we want because our hearts aren't ours. Our life isn't ours. It's God's. Right? So, it's just like the Lord Jesus, he didn't just give his strength to God. All he was was God's. He was our living sacrifice. Amen. And so, the devil couldn't buy him with anything when he was tempting him in the wilderness and so on. And so now Samson's strength lay or the source of his strength lay in the fact he was a nazite to the Lord. And when Delilah finally wore him down because the Philistines say, "Hey, Samson loves Delilah. We're going to pay Delilah to to to find out where his strength is." And this is what happens is the world comes our way to try and shave our strength off and blind us and make a mockery of us. That's what the that's what the world wants to do. That's a problem with things like you say, well, you know, it's not religion that grabs us here, but what about social media? What about Tik Tok? What about, you know, you see shorts and reals and stuff. There's a reason there's always music blurring when you start watching it. Because brother Bram says, if that person is not converted, the spirit of that music will catch them. And this is why it's always there's never a silent thing. There's always this music because it wants to grab your spirit. And so what's that? It's like Delila saying, "Where is your strength? How can I destroy you?" And people become addicted to that thing because their spirit's been captured by that. But we're here to set spirits free. Amen. Because Samson, he could have actually walked away, but he was he was already bound up in his heart to the Laya. And so that's why never get never get caught up in those things because it's addictive. And the reason it's addictive because it's got a spirit behind it. And that spirit wants to grab your spirit and keep you enslaved to it. And so like Delilah basically enslaved. Isn't it amazing Samson? You you know Delilah basically could have said to Samson how can I destroy you? That's basically what you know where does your where does your strength where does your strength lie? I don't know if I have the scripture here exactly but you know so people get you know so this is how it applies to us is that the world wants to find the source of our strength. What is the source of our strength? The baptism of the Holy Ghost in the promised word. That's the source of our strength. That's what gives us supernatural overcoming power is God's anointed word in you and I. It's not us in our humanity. It's God in us that gives us the power. But you see, the enemy wants to try and strip that off us. So that's how um you know, if he can separate you and the word, he's got you. Never let nothing, Brother Bam says it, never let nothing get between you and God's word cuz that's God in print form. Never let nothing, doesn't matter how good it feels, how exciting it may be. If it's contrary to the word, leave it alone. Yeah. And then so Samson finally relented, gave his gave his um, you know, gave his secret over to Delilah. Delilah, you know, after because there's a few times that she, you know, asked him where his strength lay. And, uh, it's even um, I don't have the scripture here, but it says that, you know, um, Samson had seven locks of hair. It's in the scripture. So, it speaks of the seven church ages of the power of God. And, you know, so, finally, he said, "It's in my hair. I'm an Azarite. You know, I've been separated to the Lord." and then you know if you cut off my hair then I'll be like any other man. That's exactly what happened. And he got blinded. So the world wants to take our strength and blind us. So we can't see spiritually where we are, who we are, where we're going. That's what he wants to do. Cuz remember, just cuz we're the bride of Christ doesn't mean we're invincible if we put go on the devil's ground. You got to stay on God's ground. Right? If God wants you to go on the devil's ground, it's not it's not going to be to compromise. Like Samson went on the devil's ground to compromise with his separation. Is that okay? Does it all make sense? We're going to stay in the word more than anything. It's our protection, right? And so if we stay with the word, we're invincible. If we leave the word, we're we're it's going to be turkey shooting season. It's just going to be a disaster. Okay? But we stay with the word, all will be well. I mean that with all seriousness. So then, but then you see while while Samson see Samson when he was blinded in the prison when he began to realize what he had given up. And you got to realize if you're if you're sitting in a place of defeat, if you feel defeated, think back of when you had victory. Amen. Think back where you had victory. Cuz Samson, he was defeated. He was blinded and grinding at the mill. But he began to think about when God used to move in his life. And that brought him back to a place of true repentance. You see, Samson backslid, right? He was still God's child, but he backslid. And backsliding doesn't mean you're lost. It just means you're out of fellowship. And so, people can backslide. They can be out of out of fellowship with God. And the victory out of their life leaves, right? But Samson began to think about the times when God gave him victory. And then what happened? That brought a repentance into his heart. And then so finally when he was there um in the in the temple of Dagon and he you know he's standing between the two pillars he was willing to die with his enemy and he killed more in his death than he did in his life. Why? Because he is willing to die out to everything. That's how it applies to us. We got to be willing to die out to everything. And so um I put this in yellow. He says, "How be it the hair of his head begin to grow again after he was shaven." So you know that you know that began to grow and brother Bram would would um say this um this is a deceived church by the world says may the God of Samson may the true in heart those who are longing and crying and pleading and holding on may they stay with stay with it Lord until this new crop grows out until there comes forth again a joy in Zion and there comes forth a group that can recognize and understand that can see the Messiah and the hidden power that's hid from the world that they will not under that that they will not understand. Now grant Lord that they'll see this for we ask it in Jesus' name. So praise Lord. May there be a new crop, a people grow out come out of the church that will see and recognize Messiah and the hidden power that's in the word. He says they won't see it now, but granted they'll see it. I believe he's talking about 2025. Amen. He says here God send us another church just before the end time that the power of the Holy Ghost will come into her and the demonstrations of the spirit and Mark 16 can follow the church. Acts 2:4, Acts 238, all of it will be following right along with the church signs and wonders accompanying the apostles, great signs of his resurrection accompanying them while they're while they're in prison. Surely God's growing a crop somewhere for the last great kill. May it be you, my Christian friend, here this morning. May it be your strength that has begun to grow. I pray that this message this morning and out into the land to where it will go. I trust that this message will help bring the vitamin to your system that'll grow a spiritual power back into your life again. I thought my that's powerful. Amen. So that's a so that's Sam. Now that's I mean you could go on a lot into the life of Samson. That's it in a nutshell. I don't want to be too long. You see it represents the church through seven church ages. They had the power of God in the beginning. It was shaved off in Na but then eventually it begin to grow coming through the reformation and now here's a crop that's growing forth for the last great kill. Amen. Where where the enemies of the you know the devil will be under the feet of the bride of Jesus Christ. So it speaks of the church ages but also speaks of us as an individual. Make sure you give your whole life to the Lord. Not just your strength, not your gift or talent but your heart. All that you are give to him. Amen. that the world can't come and try and find your secret and cut that power from your life that you become blinded as a mockery for the devil. But even if you find yourself in that place, think about where God was moving in your life. It will bring a repentance back at just once more, Lord. And God will bring greater victory in that full repentance that you did your entire Christian walk leading up to that point. I like that. Don't you? God always gives a way out. Isn't that wonderful? Amen. There's no prison that we can't get out of. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, and then so the last part of that question was uh here. So, how's this uh the link of how women are to keep their long hair? So, as I said before, it's a symbolic of you as a Nazarite vow. We're all Nazarites here, but you know, uncut or long hair represents that your headship is the word of God. Okay. Now, I think I've got the scripture here. Um he says I'll just read it here. But I'll have you know that the head of every man is Christ, and the head of the woman is the man, and the head of Christ is God. Every man praying or prophesying, having his head covered, dishonorth his head. But every woman that prayth or prophesieth with her head uncovered, dishonest her head. For that it is even all one, as if she was shaven. And if the woman be not covered, let her also be shorn. But if it be a shame for a woman to be shorn or shaven, let her be covered. For a man indeed ought not to cover his head. For as much as he is the image and glory of God, but the woman is the glory of the man. For the man was not made for the woman, but the woman for the man, neither was the man created for the woman, but the woman for the man. For this cause ought woman to have power on her head because of the angel. So if she's got uncut hair and her attitude's right towards that promise, then she has an angelic protection in her life. So sisters have greater protection than men to me based on this scripture. And we all know the testimony. Christian could come up and share it. Not asking you to do so. Not want to put you on the spot. But we all have the testimony right here of God vindicating that scripture power in the head because of the angels. Not once but twice, right? And I I I'll save the time. I won't share it now. But you know, you go ask her if you want details. God proves his word. It's not you. You know, it's the reason why, you know, this world is in such a chaos. It's symbolically of, you know, in the 20s, so 100 years ago, women begin to cut off their hair wholesale and here we are now. This world is in chaos. But symbolizing man has moved from the headship of the word and they want to do their own thing, right? Um, nevertheless, neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man in the Lord. For as a woman is wait, sorry, here, here I am. Sorry. Judge in yourselves, is it comely that a woman prayeth unto God uncovered? Does not even nature itself teach you that if a man have long hair, it's a shame unto him. But if a woman have long hair, it is glory for her, for her hair is given her for a covering. And if any man seem to have cont to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither the churches of God. It's basically Paul is saying that's it. We don't have any other custom. Don't be contentious. This is how it is. Okay? So it's not about a covering as in a hat or a scarf. No, hair is given as a covering. Okay? Okay. And that word long, if you want to don't have the definition, but if if you work with that word long hair, it does not mean length. It means to let grow uncut. Right? Otherwise, some of our African sisters would have short hair. But they don't. They have long hair if it's uncut hair. Right? How does it become long then if you've cut it? You just repent. Then in God's sight, it's like you never cut it. Amen. Let it grow. Covering. Okay. I'm just being very brief. Sorry if I'm not giving the time I should, but I I trust these things are quite self-explanatory. Now, the next question is, why did Ruth have to uncover Boaz's feet? And what is the significance of that? Okay, so Ruth in Ruth chapter 3, she's instructed by Naomi to go and lay at uh Boaz's feet on the threshing floor. And so I just read this here. It says, "And now is not Boaz of our kindred." This is Naomi speaking to Ruth. With whose maidens um thou was. Behold he winnoweth barley tonight in the threshing floor. Wash thyself therefore and anoint thee and put thy raignment upon thee and get thee down to the floor. But make not thyself known unto the man until he shall be done eating and drinking. And it shall be when he lieth down. Thou shalt mark the place where he lie. And thou shalt go and uncover his feet and lay thee down, and he will tell thee what thou shalt do. And she said unto her, "All that thou saith unto me, I will do." So Ruth needs uh Ruth here. This is before she marries Boaz, before he acts as her kinsman redeemer and restores Naomi's land, Naomi's position, and marries Ruth. And and and the only way that Naomi can be restored is by Boaz marrying Ruth. Right? So now this is a type we know of Ruth being the bride of Jesus Christ. Naomi being the word or the old testament church and then also Boaz is Christ the kinsman redeemer. Okay. So what is the significance of you know Ruth laying down at his feet? Well what is happening is she by laying down at his feet is actually showing you are my head. I'm laying down as a servant at your feet. I'm laying you know I'm not I'm not becoming you know I'm not above you. I'm under you. Because when we come to Christ because this place you know it says mark where he laid down. We know Christ where he laid down, he laid down at Calvary, right? That's where he laid down. Amen. So, so what is Naomi is saying basically is mark the place where he laid and go lie down there. And so it says today we want to uncover um so it says today they want to uncover themselves, cover yourself, go down because he winnows barley. But then mark the place where he lith down. Did you do it? Oh goth. Many years ago, I marked in my heart where he laid down his life that he might take me. Mark the place that he lith down. Watch where he laid. That's what every believer should do. Mark what he's done for you. He says last Sunday's message on the visit to Calvary. Mark what he did for you. So, he died at Calvary. You've got to have your own. You got to die at Calvary. Amen. You go to the feet of where the Lord died. Lay down there. Amen. He says here, he says, "She said, mark where he lith down. Then when he lieth down to sleep, to rest, you go lie down at his feet, not his head, his feet unworthy, and take the blanket that he was covered with, and pull it over you." Do you see it? Oh my. I know you may think I'm a fanatic, but it just suits me just right. That the spirit of God, Mark, where he said, "Calvary, where he laid down in the tomb in Gethsemane, Mark, and crawl up to his feet and lie down there and die to yourself. See, there you are. Cover yourself over with his skirt." She said the skirt she called it and Ruth said that's what uh what you say that I'll do. Oh, what a clearcut decision for a believer. What the Bible says that I'll do. It says repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, I'll do it. If it says go into all the world and preach the gospel, I'll do it. If it says whatsoever it says Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever, what it says for me to do, I'll do it. See the church taking its orders from the word and she laid down. Amen. So what does that skirt symbolize? It it symbolizes the baptism of the Holy Ghost, his robe spread over. He says she laid at Boaz's feet. And when he woke and seen the confidence, oh, one of these days he'll see the confidence that his church has got in him. When he'd seen the confidence, he taken his own robe. The Holy Spirit spread it over her. It was getting cool. And he spread his robe over her and sent her on her road. So did the people on the day of Pentecost, the new church when they went out there wasn't ashamed and stood under there waiting for 10 days according to his word. Christ spread his robe, the Holy Ghost over the church to protect her and warm her to keep her heart to keep your heart right warmed up in fellowship until the full time of redemption. Amen. What did that robe do? Covered her covered her shame. Covered her guilt. Covered her past. Covered her moabitete identity. Covered everything. And when and then what happened when Ruth you know when Boaz woke up saw Ruth Ruth said cover me because I'm your near kinsman and that caused Boaz to become a kinsman redeemer you know um Naomi said to Naomi said to Ruth after this when she came back with six measures of barley Naomi said to Ruth he will not rest until he will accomplish what he said he would do this day. Well so Ruth now rested. Boaz went into action, went to the elders at the gate, did all he did. Then he married Ruth, you know. So she became Mrs. Boaz, the mighty woman of wealth, and then Naomi was restored. So the whole plan of redemption was be was really activated because Ruth lay at his feet. My friends, what a position we have to get the ball rolling. This is what's been happening for seven church ages. The believers have found where he laid, gave their life, poured it out, laid down at his feet, say, "Lord, cover me." Amen. What happens then? Then then the Lord steps up on your behalf, undoes your past, undoes your sin, wipes it all away, unites with you. Your identity is now in him, and he's doing that all the way down till the final one, lays at his feet, he finishes his plan of redemption, and then the restoration of the Jews, Naomi comes into play, and we just have a great honeymoon. A isn't it beautiful? Amen. Amen. Love those stories in the scripture. Amen. So all So I trust those things are helpful. But whatever you do, lay down at his feet. Amen. It's a good place to be. Amen. Let's have the musicians this afternoon. If you want any more clarification on those um questions, I don't know who asked them because I deleted all that information. I can no way I can find out unless they put their name. But if you want more details, we can go into more details. But amen. But appreciate I mean David and Ruben, God bless you. Thank you so much. Amen. Praise the Lord. Always makes me feel good when these young fellas step up. Amen. That's what we want. We want the young generation is the now generation. It's the church of today. Not tomorrow. Today. Amen. Brother Jimmy, I'm going to turn the service to you. But before I do, let's pray. Sing a couple of songs. And Amen. Let's pray, shall we? Amen. Gracious father, we love you, Lord. We thank you so much, dear God. Lord, I pray, Father, that may we realize, Lord, like Samson, but not that late, Lord. But, Father, before he ever went into sin, Lord, may we be like that, dear God, where we give not just our strength, Lord. He only gave his strength to you. He gave his heart to Delila, but Lord, may we give our strength, our body, our mind, our spirit, our soul, our all that, our heart. May we be completely surrendered into your hands, dear God. Father, we thank you, Father. I also want to say Lord we appreciate the fact that Lord no matter it seems we can get locked into a corner blinded being made fun of by the enemy Lord there's still a way of escape. So Father's anyone here Lord who the joy the cry of joy has gone out of their heart the victory has left them Lord and they just sit sad and depressed and down. I ask, Father, may they just begin to think about the times when you moved in their lives, Lord, when the sweetness of the refreshing of your Holy Ghost, the joy of their salvation was so alive and bubbling out of them. May they begin to think on those things, dear God. And may they just come back to you, Lord, with a heart of repentance, and may you restore them, Lord Jesus. Grant it, Father. May there be a cry of just once more. We love you so much. We thank you, dear God, we can be like Ruth and find where you laid down. Oh, where would we be without that day on Calvary, Lord? Father, thank you. We could mark where you laid down and Lord, lay down at your feet, dear God. Give our all. And Lord, we thank you, Father, that Lord, we now rest in you, dear God. You finish your plan. We love you so much. We ask you dismiss us with your blessing now. Watch over us for the week, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Thank you. You lead us and guide us, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, everyone. Amen. Let's stand. God bless you. Um um let's sing God is good and um see [Music] Oh God is good all the time. We do a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time through the darkest time. His light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. God is good against justice, sisters. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] All together. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] If you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. You're not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. God is promise to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. You do the song of praise in this part of my God is good all the time. Through the darkness, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. God is good again. Just a voice. [Applause] [Music] God is good. [Music] In this mind [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] is true. My [Music] [Applause] [Music] we were still so unworthy still for us he chose to die. Fill us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. [Applause] Now his love his everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time before the song of praise in this mind. God is good all the time through the darkness. His light will shine. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good all the time. Amen. Let's just close in prayer. Almighty God, we want to give you thanks, Lord, for all your blessings. Want to give you thanks for our families, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for everything you have given us, Lord. Thank you for being our savior, Lord, our father, our everything. We want to give you thanks for father David Ruben, brother Ben. Lord, thank you for spoke through them. Lord, we want to ask you to bless us during the week. Be with us, Lord. We love you so much, Lord. We ask you this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You are dismissed. Um, let's sing. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the morning. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the song goes down. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the sun. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him when the song goes down. Love him. Love him. Love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the room. Love him. Love him. Love him when the sun goes down. Worship. Worship. [Music] Worship. Worship in the morning. Worship is worship. Worship and worship with the sound of God. I love the old time and I love the old time singing and shouting. I love the old time way. I love the old time. sing, shouting, preaching, praying. I love the old way. I love the old time. I love the old singing and shouting. I love the old time way. I love the old time sing pray. I love the all time pray. I talk about my savior everywhere I go. Everywhere I go. Everywhere I go, I'll talk about my savior. Everywhere I go. All this joy, joy, joy in my soul. My feelings have fall away. My feelings have fall. I'm the feet of Jesus. My Jesus, my p away. My bed My better have fall away. My roll away. I'm at the feet of Jesus. He might burden roll away. Come fly away. Some glad morning. When this life is over, I'll fly away [Music] to you. I [Applause] [Music] [Applause] fly away. I fly away. I hallelujah [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] like a bird from prison. as I [Applause] fly away. So I fly away. I fly away. I want my [Music] way. [Applause] and just stop for weary days and then I fly away. So I'll rejoice your [Music] [Applause] fly away. I fly away all glory fly away [Applause] by [Applause] fly away. I wonder [Music] how my dear. [Music] Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more dies and no more now. No, no sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Just like a blind man. I wonder alone. Stories and fears I claim for my own. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more in darkness. No more not so happy. No sorrow. Praise the Lord. I saw the last move to one straight. traded the gain and narrow the way. No one had created the wrongful rock. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more. No. So happy no sorrow is high. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more. No more. [Music] No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I called the Lord. [Music]
