################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 2704-25  Numbers - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   2704-25 | Numbers
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePMoOFVWghw
========================================

[Music] Honey, [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. God bless you saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Feels very good to be back back home. Let's just stand this morning. Um just got a few announcements. Uh next Sunday we've got a youth service and I think there was Oh yeah, brother Ben Zenz's greetings for you guys. They've just landed. So yeah, let's just close our eyes and just thank the Lord. Lord, just want to pray and say thank you this morning for you've done our lives, Lord. And Lord, that we could make it this morning to be here in your house once again, Lord. And Lord, that you were with us, Lord, as we traveled and went our ways, Lord, and did our things, Lord. That you were with us, Lord. And Lord, we want to thank you that you're here in this place this morning, Lord, to know that you're sitting amongst us, Lord Jesus. Lord, just listening to the worship we giving up to you, Lord. And Lord, I just pray that you bless the service, Lord Jesus. speak through brother Isaac, Lord Jesus, use him as a vessel, Lord. Lord Jesus, speak to our hearts, Lord. And Lord, you know, Lord Jesus, the needs, Lord Jesus, amongst us, Lord. And Lord, I pray that Lord, you just hit that on the pinpoint, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I just pray that you be with us this morning, Lord. I pray those that couldn't make it be their portion, Lord. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, got to welcome of course brother Judah and Caris. Welcome back, Judah. Um, God bless you. And then brother Steven and sister Julene that are here as well. [Music] Welcome. Oh, Jesus blinded all my darkness. He sparked my all within. His grace and mercy lit of passion consume my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop, I'll shine through the night. I am a lamp made for his glory. out. Oh, I've been touched by his fire. So, let the world come and watch me [Music] burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till everyone has heard. This love will never be seen. It's alive, wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. Oh, I'll be just by his fire. So let the world come and watch me. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Sh. Jesus has changed my life. is he [Music] I can always [Applause] I can't I can't [Music] I [Music] surrender. So I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and wash me. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it to [Music] everyone. Well, this joy that I had, the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, the world they give to me. This joy that I have the world to me. The world take it away. I'm singing. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Amen. This all yours that I have. The world is all yours that I have. The world to me is all yours that I have. The world to me the world the world take it away. Amen. Amen. Amen. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] and the world take it away. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. This all that I have. The world to me. [Applause] [Music] The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. The world take it away. I'm [Applause] singing. Amen. [Music] The world they give to me. All this peace that I have. The world to me. All this peace that I have. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world got take it away. I'll sing [Music] [Applause] [Music] amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. This victory, this victory that I had, the world didn't give it to me for this victory that I had. The world didn't give it to me. Oh, this victory that I have. The world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it. And the world can't take it away. Now I'm [Music] singing. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Oh, amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh my sh strangers were man on the moon through danger bird down sorrows and wish on every hand but we are looking for a city above. Oh yes, we [Applause] for say goodbye. Oh, I'll see you. Our [Applause] savior comes all our dream here in disappointment of we so sadly romant And earthy friends no longer speak one word of love. But truly we have found contentment. Jesus promised our soul. So we are looking for a city above. Oh yes, we're looking for a city for there. Millions only say goodbye. Oh will be our savior. our savior and [Music] thousand dangers we are going simply trusting in our blessed savior's love in the sea. Though we may be strangers living in this world of care, we're always looking for a city above. Oh yes, we're looking for a city. Oh, will never die. [Music] day to you. Millions of men say goodbye and there will be our savior, our savior, the long holy spirit. All our dream. Oh yes, we're looking. Oh yes, we're looking for a city. A city where we'll never die. [Music] the same billions there. Just say goodbye and there will be our savior, our savior. How long will you come now Holy Spirit come all our [Applause] Amen. [Music] All my words for sure. I'm learn nothing [Music] new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. And every song must stay and you never do. So I throw out my hand and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else for a king. Except for a heart singing heart. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I've got one response and I've got just one boo. And when my arms stretch wide, I will worship you. So I throw my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. So I throw on my hands and I throw on my head and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a h alelu. And I know it's not mine, but I'm nothing else for geese except for singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. So come on my soul and don't you get shine on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise him. [Music] Come on my soul. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and pray the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy of me. Lift up your soul. Cuz you got a lion in sorrows alone. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw my hands and I throw mine. Praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is [Music] a hallelu. I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else now for G except for heart singing. So I throw my hand and I throw my hand. Praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. Grab nothing else for except for I'll sing it all through. Then I know it's not much. I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for heart [Music] singing hallelujah. [Music] Ancient words long reserve for our war in this world. They resound with God's own love. Oh, let the word of God marvel you. Holy words long preserved for our Lord in this world. They resound with God's own. Oh, let the word of God in power. Words of life, words of hope, give us strength. Help us grow in this world. Weary road. The word of God will guide us all. Blood of God ever true. Changing me and changing you. We have come with open arms. Oh, let the word of God in us. Holy one of our faith handed down to the saint came to us through sacrifice. Oh, we the faithful words of Christ, holy words, long preserve for our fill this world. They resign with God's own. Oh, let the word of God. Word of God is true. Changing me and changing. We have come with open arms. Oh, let the word of God. Oh, word of God. Word of God of the truth changing me and changing you. We have come with open arms. Oh, let the word of God. Oh God, word of God. Ever true, changing me and changing you. We have come with open arms. Oh, let the word of God. [Music] Just sing this before brother Isaac comes. And who told the son where to stand in the morning? And who told the ocean you can only come this far? And who showed the moon where the hide to leave me whose words alone can catch a falling star. Well, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. The little all creation testify. If the slime within me cry, I know my redeemer lives. Yes, the very same God that spins things in all. He runs to the weary, the one and the weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken. For they conquer day to bring me victory. For I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. [Music] Let all creation testify. Let the slime within me cry. Lord, my [Music] redeemer, he lives to take away my sins. And he lives forever. I'll [Music] proclaim that the payment for my sin was a precious life he gave. But now he's alive. There's an empty grave. Well, I know my redeemer lives. Yes, I know. I know. My redeemer lives. Well, let all creation testify. Let the slime within me cry. I know my redeemer. Oh, I know. My redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let the life within me cry, I know my redeemer. [Music] healing. Amen. Let's just pray this morning, Lord. That's why we're here this morning, Lord, because you live, Lord. They You were crucified, Lord, but you rose on the third day, Lord. And you conquered the grave. You conquered the enemy that we couldn't conquer, Lord. And we come here to serve the living God this morning. We don't serve a God that can't hear or that is made of stone or wood, Lord, but we serve the living God this morning. And we just pray you'd continue to bless us, Lord. You said where two or three gathered in your name there you are in the midst. So you would you just continue to bless us this morning we pray and we also ask a special prayer for um sister Margie Lord that's taken a fall you just bless her and and may she have a um speedy recovery. We know you're the healer Lord and so we just ask for her healing and just bless her at this time. We just pray and um yeah we just commit the service to you. Bless those that are streaming also we ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Good morning. God bless you. You good? Feeling good? That's good. Let's turn in our Bibles to um Thank you, musicians. Uh we going to go. I'll just load this. Let's turn in our Bibles to um once I get this going. Is it going on your way? It's not going on this one here yet. Sorry. Trying to see if this one We're going to go Revelation 22:13. It's not going on this one here at the front. Try it on this one. Sorry, I just need to get this up. Oh, we can read we can we can read that one. Just it's just loading up the slides here. It's a few of them. Um no, bring that you can bring the scripture up there. And um behold uh I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last. You can have your seats this morning. So I've got a um I want to speak on a a small thought this morning um called numbers. And um when we look in the word of God and when we when we start to understand God, we understand that God's a God of numbers. He created this concept called a number called a a thing that would repeat and make certain amount of these things. You know, it's it's we often take for granted, I think, the things that God creates as though they just uh they just arrived. But everything that is here had had to have been like it had to have been created. It's been like the concepts, the ideas have been have been created. I'm just still I've just got to talk a bit till everything loads up. Um and I've in my own life, I've always followed numbers. Like I remember when we went to um when I went over to China and we couldn't really speak much Chinese when we got there. And I guess I've got a young family and we're turning up in the middle of Beijing. We don't know who's going to pick us up. We don't know what's going on and we're just getting hauled onto buses and trains and everything and and um I couldn't understand a word that people were saying. Thank you. Or I couldn't read a word of the Chinese um hieroglyphics and that whatever you call it, but I could read numbers and so I would always take note of the numbers that would be on the carriages or the numbers of the hotels and they were always good numbers. you know, would always be on carriage number three or number seven or room number 307 or something. The first time we got a bad number was when they put us in our apartment that I didn't want and we were on number 602 or something and I said there's no way I was staying here cuz I wanted to live out in the country and I said I'm not staying in this apartment. Not that I didn't I didn't want to stay there because of the number. I just said I want to live in the country, not in the city. And they they plonked us in this apartment in the city. And I said to Shannon, "You watch this apartment number will be a bad number on the door. It'll be a bad and it was a sixth floor number two." I'm like, "See, we ain't staying here." Told the guy, "We're not staying, man. I told you country. If I moved here, I live in the country." Oh, foreigners can't live in the country. Well, they do now. Put me in the country. So, we ended up um they put us in a little garden shed. We renovated a a small garden shed. And all the locals that even lived out there, all the poor farmers were going, "Man, you guys are living in here. This is a garden shed." But it was good. Okay. Okay, we're going. All right, I'm going to go quite fast. Is that all right? You are you all had your coffee? You're you're ready to go this morning. Sharp. Okay. This is going to be a lot of information for you. Okay. So, I want you sharp and thinking and aware. Okay. And if I maybe after a while I can have you stand up and you can move around and keep your it's going to be more thinking rather than there is inspiration but you know some of these things are just more a lot of information that you got to put together. Okay. So I'm going to go fast from now. Is that all right? Okay. All right. We know that this is just simple stuff at the start, but we know that God has numbers and essentially these are the the majority of his numbers that he uses are 1 3 5 7 8 12 40 and 50. As a general rule, those are his main numbers that he uses. If you want to check that God's in something, he will generally be following some of these numbers somewhere. Um, so I'm going to start off with the numbers one and three. Essentially, you could say that represents one represents God and three represents perfection. So that's like like a perfect God. You know, God is one God and God perfects everything in threes. And Deuteronomy says here, "O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. Thou shalt and thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy might." Later on, one of the in Mark it says, "And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, which is the first commandment of all. And Jesus answered him and said, "The first of all the commandments is here. O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. One Lord." He's not three. He's not four. He's not five. You know, some Hindu and different people have like a thousand gods. You know, it's confusing. Just give me one. I'm not that smart. Give me one. Keep it simple. And it's a Zechariah says, "And the Lord shall be king over all the earth." The Lord singular shall be king over all the earth. In that day shall there be one Lord and his name one. So we've got one Lord and he's got one name which is which essentially creates yourself a bit of a problem. This is why Christianity doesn't bode well with other religions. We we ask the question so all these other religions are welcome but Christianity is not. We should answer that ourselves and say, "Yeah, of course that's going to be the case because we are stubborn." Y because we say there's one Lord and everyone else is below us is below this Lord that we serve. We don't It's like we essentially say we ain't our God is not coexisting with any gods. No wonder people don't like you. Surprise. You're stubborn. You're you're you're uh you know what do they call it? Pigheaded. You just think, "Oh, you're so it's just you and nothing else." Uh yes. Of course, no one's going to like you, okay? And that's what essentially we say. There's one Lord, no one else. All your other gods have got listed all these other ones. They're nobodies. They're frauds. My god is king over all the earth. He's got one name. There's one god and he's the king. Right? So that's how that's that's how we we do it. He called his he the people try and had there's a bit of a debate over the name of God and it's terms of his what he called himself because it's sort of been lost over time but he called himself a lot of things but people have made a big debate over the name Yah Jehovah Yahweh or whoever it is because we only ended up essentially with these consonants here and no vowels. So, we've just sort of the translators when they translated the um King James or different times, they just put some vows in and made it sound like Jehovah. But then other people say, "No, it was Yahweh." And but we there's there's a bit of a debate over what his name is. Remember, we talked before about he's got one name, but it's not that anyway. We know what his name is anyway. So this doesn't this doesn't really matter whether it's Yahweh or Jehovah or I think the reason why they lost the name too that the the Hebrews is because the Jews is because they didn't actually say his name. They never spoke the name of God. So they kind of ended up forgetting it. But God's got many names in terms of how he describes himself. It says the Lord is peace. Uh the Lord is righteous. The Lord is shepherd. So the the Lord is peace comes from then Gideon built an altar there to the Lord and called it the Lord is peace. The other one says, "Then the princes of Israel and the king humbled themselves and said, "The Lord is righteous." Now, when it's a capital L O R D, that means it's calling it Yhovah or Yahweh or something like that. So, whenever you see the King James in capitals, it's naming that name. If you see it not a capital, it's it's just about a Lord, capital L. But but this Lord here is always referring to that one Lord. Okay? That's how the Bible is translated. Uh the Lord is my shepherd. The Lord is a God of justice. That verse says, "Therefore the Lord waits to be gracious to you and therefore he exalts himself to show mercy to you. For the Lord is a God of justice. Blessed are all those who wait for him." The next verse says, "For the Lord is our judge and the Lord is our Lordgiver and the Lord is our king. He will save us." So these are all descriptions of God. The Lord is our creator. Thus says the Lord who made the earth. The Lord who formed it to establish it. The Lord is his name or the Lord is our righteousness. Says in those days Judah will be saved and Israel will dwell securely and this is the name by which he will be called. The Lord is our righteousness. Okay, now I want to this essentially is a picture of what you'd call God. Okay, that because the Bible says no man has seen God at any time. And the concept of there being one God, God's got to be perfected in three, but he's got to be one. So I want to make sure we kind of understand this. Like if you had a look at God, that's what you'd see. He's the God that fills all time and space that that no man has seen at any time because the Bible says no man has beheld the father. Like this concept of God is just fills all time and space. That's God there. So if you want to see him, you've seen him. Okay? Now we talk about if you we talk about this thing called the logos. Okay. We say a logos. Now sometimes we just try and think we're clever because all we're saying is word in Greek right so it's just means word which means like if I speak a word then the word comes out from me but it is every part me right and and it's just describing this concept of then how do we understand this god eye because it's like a logos something if I speak my word comes out but you say well it's separate to you yeah it is but it's still me right and And that's how God describes this thing that came out of him to better understand God, right? Which was so he says, "I am God." That word is him, but it's just come out from him, right? Which we say it's a pillar of fire. It's whatever it is, but it's just this something that comes out from God to make us have a point to see him. Oh, there it is there. Instead of just being everywhere, it's like where is it? Oh, there it is there. Right? It's something that came out from God to that we can better understand, but it's still God. Right? That's what we call the word. We we as a example. That's why it says in the beginning was the word. And the word was here. It's this one here, right? Or this one. In the beginning was the word, which is the white bit. And the word was with God. Oh, which is And the word was God. Okay. Now, I'll rephrase that. In the beginning was the word, which is the fire bit, right? And the word was with God, which is with the white bit. And the word was God, which is all of it. Real simple, eh? Now, the Bible says, "The word became flesh and dwelt among us." Let me just say this here. That word that this that thing that word that was always called Jesus that made the world. So Jesus made the world. He was there. He made this, made that, created everything he spoke. Everything that happened happened from this word. Right? Then it says the word became flesh. So then this God, that Jehovah of the Old Testament, the Yahweh, whatever you want to call him, the the the Lord of righteousness, all those things, he just became flesh here, that word became flesh. So this is every part God right there. And his name was Jesus. So his name was Jesus all the way through, right? Because he was this thing, the expression of God. He was the word of God, right? So that's how we can think, well, there should be two. It's like, well, no, there's still the same God. It's just that one is just everywhere and one has come out that you can actually associate with like oh there's where I can meet God here in this point here right the other type he types himself after is water so if you have this water as a an intellectual concept if you take if I have a pool of water like this and I take a piece of water out of that water then I've got the same water just I've got two of them but it's the same water if I take 10 out I've got 11 pieces now but it's the same water it's exactly the same and I drink some. I've got the same water in me that's sitting in this lake that I just drank it from. Right? It's exactly the same thing. You say, "Oh, it's different. It's a different thing." Well, it is theoretically because it's in two different places, but it's exactly the same water. That's what the spirit of God is like. That's why we can have it all amongst us, but it's the same. It's one God, but it's spread out amongst us. There's a and and there's this God is like the the water is essentially Jesus that the the the white bit comes into us, right? which which ends up looking like this. This is essentially the three in one. You've got the you've got God that fills all time and space, right? Just everywhere. You've got this expression that came out which was and then became flesh. And then you've got the that same God dwelling in us. You've got one, two, three. Okay. So that's so that's why when you get to heaven, that's all you're going to see is one. And and that's why it says in him dwells the fullness of the godhead bodily. So everything it's all that this is this is essentially three in one right and that this is why this scripture says but to us there is but one God the father of whom are all things which is the white bit like that's where it all came from and one Lord Jesus Christ by whom are all things cuz every because he came out and he made all the world made everything right that's that scripture there one here says uh there is one body and one spirit Even as you are called in one hope of your calling, one Lord there, there's only one faith which is the faith to get that spirit in you. That's right. It's the only faith there is. That's the faith. Receive the spirit of God in you. Um, one God and father of all, which is just you never you never see it. It's just it fills all time and space. Who is above all and through all and in you all. Amen. Right? It's everywhere. Okay. So that essentially is how you get a perfect God. One, two, three. Just that. Okay. So that's how God dwells in perfection. So if you see it like this, it's not a perfect God, right? If you if you're going to turn up to heaven and you're going to see two beings and a third spirit floating around, you're seeing an imperfect. That's not God, right? That's not one. That's three, right? Okay. So then I'll just quickly run through the threes. There's you've got the Father, you've got the Son, you've got the Holy Ghost, which is what we just talked about. You've got God is omnisient, omni, omnipotent, omnipresent. Um you've got time, which is uh past, present, future. So many things are divided in threes. You know, they say all good things come in threes. Or what do they say? Third time lucky. Cuz the first time you don't know how to do it. Second time, you correct the few things you did wrong the first time. Then by the third time you're like, "Right, I've got this." You know, something about the number three. Okay. All men descend from the three sons of Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. There were three patriarchs, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. There's three major feasts that they had in the Old Testament. The feast of unleven bread, the feast of weeks, and the feast of in gathering. Well, that's the we'll get to that one in a bit. Um, in the ark of the covenant, there were three things. There was a pot of mana, there was Aaron's uh there was a pot of mana, Aaron's rod that buttered, and they had the ten commandments. Um, in the tabernacle, there's the um outer court, the holy place, the holiest of holies. There's three. And we are a triune being, body, soul, spirit. the the way to redemption is justification, sanctification, baptism, the Holy Ghost. There's all of these things that run in threes because God loves the number three. Um, and there's Bible says there's three that bear record in heaven. The father, the word, and the Holy Ghost, which is what we just saw. And there are three that bear witness in earth. The spirit, the water, and the blood, which is the spirit of God comes in us. The blood is has redeemed us, and we're baptized in water. Right? Um, you've got the true believer, make believe, the unbeliever. Jesus says, "I'm the way. I'm the truth. I'm the life. And when you when you look at those three things, that's pretty much all there is. He's the way to the truth that you get the life. One, two, three. Okay. He spent three days in the grave. You know, Jonah spent three days. Okay. Number four is a nothing number. But if you lived in China, number four is very bad. If you're in it's I actually know Chinese. So you got ye are s is four. And they have like the Chinese words are like they have s and then they got s or s s. It's like so it's the same word pronounced four different ways. So the other you've got s and then I don't know what the other word is but it's probably s and that means death you know. So one word means four. One word means uh death. So no one likes the number four because it it too closely resembles death. So no one was choosing it on their number plates. You know you'd get to choose your number plate. And so the number four never got chosen. So in the end, I think the government decided we're just going to wipe four from the number plates altogether. And this is actually a and the buildings don't have a level four or a 14 or a 24 on them. See this elevator here? Count it from the bottom. It goes 1 2 3 5. And it goes um 10 11 12 15 uh 21 22 23 25. There's no fours. They hate four. Bad number. People are like that. We just have we have associations with good numbers, bad numbers. They love the number eight. Eight is because eight means um bar is eight. And then there's a word called bar and that means wealth, you know. So so they these two words sound the same that they they think the number eight is lucky. So the Beijing Olympics that were in 2008 opened at 8:00 on the eth day of the 8th month. There's going to be a lucky Olympics, you know, it's going to be a good Olympics. Um, I don't know much about the number five because it's an unusual, it's not so dominant as the other numbers, but but there are certain things. It does mean grace. There's a but it's it's not as prominent as other numbers. You've got the five-fold ministry. You've got we've got five senses. We got five natural senses. See, taste, hear, smell, feel. We've got five spiritual senses. If we don't have we actually have six, but I'll get to that soon. Memory, imagination, conscience, affection, reasoning. Do you know how you remember those? You say my car with an I. Don't look at that. Now say it now. And remember it. What are they? See, you can do it now. See my car. You'll never forget anymore. Just remember my car. Because we start saying it, then we forget half of it, you know. This moved me when I thought about this number six. I never used to like the number six. Who likes the number six? We all think it's a bad number, but my my my mind changed on this number when I realized this number is a perfect number. It's a mathematically it's the perfect number, too. And it's a number of man number six. I actually like the number six now. I claim number six. Psalm 239:14 says, "I'll praise thee for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. marvelous are thy works and that my soul knoweth right well. Now I want to tell you something about the number six. It is what they call a perfect number because this happens to it essentially a perfect number. The numbers that it can divide by you can add them up and it equals the same. Right? So it goes you can add up 1 2 and three and it equals six or you can divide it by six divided by six is 1. 6 divided by 3 you know you can you can you think oh that's a common thing in numbers. There's not really. Um the the next one is 28. The next one is 496. Then after that it gets up to in the millions and millions. They've only found 51 perfect numbers in all of the numbers. And the last one was discovered in 2008 and it has 49 million digits at the end of it. And that's the 51st number that. So the these numbers are not common numbers like they're just laying all over the place. Okay. that. But six is a perfect number. That's what they what they call a perfect number. And I I think when God made man, he made man perfect. He made a he made man, he he was so he he at the end of his creation, he made man on the sixth day and he made him perfect. He because he was the he was the the the the climax of all his creation was man. He made the the cows and the sheep and all these other things, but you know, he got things got better and better until he finally got to man and he thought, "This is perfect." And he could stop. He's, you know, when you do a job and at the end, you think, man, I'm I've done actually this is really good. This is complete. And then we stopped. When he made man, he was he thought this is complete and he stopped because he made man perfect. So next time you think of the number six, claim it for yourself. Think Lord, you made me perfect. You made man perfect. I don't care if Satan tries to claim it. It's my number. You made me perfect. You know, and it makes sense, too, cuz God's ways are passed our ways. Like number seven, number seven is God's number. That's actually hard to figure out. Like on your hands, you can you can divide up all of the people can't understand why seven's such a weird number, but they like on your hands, you can divide you can do two and two or three and three or one and one or like four and four. And if you want to do nine, you can do three, three and three. But seven you can't do. It's all weird. You can't really do it with, you know, five and two or six and one. It's like an unusual number. It's just, it sort of just stands alone. And all those numbers, it kind of it kind of stands alone. Um, in terms of the sixth day, man actually is the only one that's got a six sense as well. Like we actually, science says there's five, but we have a sixth sense called faith. And that's how we contact God is with our sixth sense. And because that's the number of man, and that's the way we can contact God. And the Bible has 66 books. I often wonder why because I thought six was a bad number. I thought that's weird. It's got 66. But it's actually made for man, man and woman. Six and six made for us. God gave the the word. He didn't make the word of God for animals or for himself. He already knew his own word. He made it for man. His word was made for man. That's why there's well, I don't know if that's why, but there's 66 books. And I'll take it for man. We don't like the number six because it talks about the mark of the beast. And it says his name is the number of a man which is 666. And that come and this is one concept on it that the I won't actually read that because it doesn't really mean it but it it doesn't matter about that. This is the pope's crown. The way that we get to 666 is there's a there's a phrase in Latin. It's vicarious fely day and that that essentially means um and apparently it's on this crown here written on there and it says uh means a substitute for the son of God. And the the way that we get to 666 on this is we use the Roman numeral. So if it's like a V, it's five. and V and U in the old Latin were the same. They were all just a V, right? So if there's a V or a C or anything, then they've changed it to Roman to the Roman numerals. And then when you add it all up, that's how you get 666. So that's that's one theory on okay, using the Roman numerals and using the name. That's how they got to 666 in that one. Um I want to show you something in Genesis 1 in the Hebrew numerical value because the Hebrew um language is a numbering system as well. So it has numbers as well. So the the first verse in Genesis says in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. In the Hebrew it's seven letters words but they go they read backwards the other way. And there are 28 letters in there and that's a yeah 28 is good. 28 47s, right? And when you add all the numbers up, it comes to 2701. And you think, oh, it doesn't really mean much. 271. There's this idea that these guys looked into it a lot, and they seem to think that in the that the universe is made up of 37 and 73. Like there's it's just littered everywhere. There's these two numbers that seem to just be in be everywhere. The number 37 and number 73, which is God's number, seven and three and three and seven. You can look into it more if you want. If you take two, so 271 is 37 * 73. Okay, you think, oh, that's yeah, that's coincidence. Okay. And then they found that if you mirror the number 271, you mirror it back the other way, 1702, add those together, you get 3773 as well, which you think, oh, that's another coincidence. But the first 10,000 numbers don't do this. This is the only number in 10,000 numbers that do this. is 2701. You they they've tried 10,000 numbers. I think they got sick of trying after that. But the first 10,000 numbers don't create the scenario where your the amount amount your time is up by is this amount you add it up by, right? I It doesn't surprise me if God made things like this. You know, when you look under a microscope at little things, you and and that thing's been there since creation, but no one's ever seen it cuz someone finally got a microscope to look at and think, "Wow, look at that." you know, God just left it there the whole time, you know, until they got a little microscope and saw a little design or something to realize, wow, that's God. Maybe that's something like this. In the King James Bible, there's also numerical patterns in there as well. But one guy, one guy went to the uh t did the tedious job of adding up everything, including the title, the Holy Bible, King James version. Then he added up the all of the how many uh verses there were the names of the chapters like chapter one are two and the verse so verse 1 2 3 4 then that's four counts um everything he added it up and he found that it added to 8 uh 823543 which is 7 * 7 exactly get your calculator out do it that's what it I don't know, unusual coincidence, I don't know, but it only takes one word to be out. But you've got 7* 7. And then in the King James Bible, the son of man is 196 times, which is 49 * 4. Remember, 49 is 7* 7. Jesus Christ is 196 times, which is 49* 4. The word of God is 49 times. Son of God is 49 times in the Old Testament. Uh in the New Testament, most high is 49 times. The word of the lord is 245 times which is 49 * 5. The word is seven times. Husbandman is seven times. My beloved son is seven times. His son seven times. Firstborn seven times. The word seven times in the new testament. It is written 63 times in the new testament 7* 9. Jesus and grace 49 times in the same verse. Remember seven sevens are 49. Holy spirit seven times. Breath 42 times. Thunders seven times. God of Israel seven times 29 the church 77 times kingdom of God 70 times uh assembly 49 times the bride 14 times first fruit seven times daughters of Zion 28 times seven times four daughters of Jerusalem seven times daughters of Jerusalem seven times it goes on and on kinsmen seven times worshippers seven times workmanship seven times I think there becomes too many to become a coincidence after a Well, so that brings us to lucky number seven. Have you heard that saying? Lucky number seven. Do you know why? Science. If you're ever going to if you're ever planning on going gambling to a casino, pick seven. If there's two dice, right? Not that you're going to, but seven's seven's got the highest proportion of chance to be picked above any other number. Like if if you've got two dice, there's only one chance of shaking a two, which is two ones. So you So there's 36 36 options in the whole dice you can get um well no less than that but if you if you shake a dice you've got 1 2 3 4 5 six chances of rolling a seven one chance of getting a two or one chance of getting a 12. So that's why they call it lucky number seven because scientifically you've got more chance of getting seven if you roll two dices than any other number even more than eight. Eight you've got five. Eight and six you've got five. each seven you've got six. So that's why they call it lucky number seven. Um it's also lucky in um Japan have seven gods. They like the number seven. Uh China love the number seven uh because it's pronounced chi which is you know you know people try and be sort of when we say other words that we don't know what they mean. We think they are a big word like we say oh there's goodqi from the south. I was doing a job in Gizbborne. You've heard good chi chi. I mean I was doing a job in Gizbborne and the the lady wanted her bed to face a certain way because she said, "Oh, there's goodq chi from that direction." Like chi is like just the Chinese word chi and it's means like uh life or energy or something. You know, she could have just said it was good energy from that way. But if you say chi, it's like oh it's this mysterious thing. It's I don't want to downplay it, but that's like when we say the word logos, we think we're clever, but it's like it's you're just saying word. Just say word, you know, like but chi. Soq chi means like uh chi and that's the same that's the number seven is chi as well. So the Chinese love the number seven and and a guy there's a there's a website called like numbers.com or something and they they put out a worldwide poll to pick what's the most favorite number in the whole world. Uh the the third favorite number was number eight. Second favorite number was number two. And the most favorite number in the world is number seven. It's just a Do you like the number seven? It's just I don't know whether it's because I don't know if the number seven is so prominent because of Christianity that people like it because of this or if it's just something about seven we just like. But it's an unusual number when you think about it. It's different than all the other numbers. Like eight is like two fours. Five is quite small. Nine is a bit too close to 10, but seven is like it's a weird number. It sits in the middle. It's a funny it's an unusual number. It's God's main number actually is number seven. And it means completion. There's so many things in the Bible about seven. There's seven days of creation. The sevenfold vengeance for Cain. Seven- day warning to Noah. Seven years of plenty. You got seven years of famine. Seven feasts. Seven times compassing Jericho. Seven priests. Seven trumpets. Says the seventh day. Uh, seven locks on Samson's head, the seven times dipping in the Jordan, um, seven times a day praising the Lord, seven pillars of wisdom, seven loaves and seven baskets, seven times forgiveness, or there's the other one, forgive him, 70* 7. Um, seven churches in the book of Revelation or seven church ages, seven seals, seven trumpets, seven vials, seven stars, seven candlesticks, seven horns, seven eyes, and seven spirits of God. There's seven everywhere. That's God's number. Uh, we got seven days. This number here is an unusual one, eight, because 8 represents eternity if you're in God's economy, right? I'll show you what I mean by that. So, this that we we get this idea from the eighth being the eighth day. So, the Jew the the there are all these feasts throughout the year or or occasions that the Jews have. Maybe I'll go to this one here. I'll go that one. It sort of shows it more. You've got the feast of Passover. Then you've got the you've got the Passover, you got unleven bread, you've got the first fruits which is 49 weeks, then Pentecost after that. And then you got the trumpets, the day of atonement, and the tabernacles. So all up these actually are seven major feasts throughout the year. You know, it's numbered uh down the bottom here. Yeah. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. So you've got seven major ones. It's at the end of the seventh one, the Lord says and on the eighth day you to be a holy com convocation. It's like but that always but because God's numbers just go in a circle because he has no time. His ones just go around and around. Then eight represents one again cuz it's just it just keeps going around. So the eight day is just it represents eternity because it's like just go back to the start and get around. Right? That's what that's why we say eight represents a new beginning. It's eternity. something because it's looping. I'll show you that in a bit. But God's when you understand eternity, eternity just loops. Numbers don't just go out that way forever and back that way forever. They just go around like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 around around or the the months of the year go around, right? Uh the eighth day, Jesus rose essentially on the eighth day because the eighth day is Sunday because it's the first day of the week, which is which then is the eighth day cuz it's it's just eight is just one. It's it's all over again. So Jesus showed he rose on the eighth day. Um the day of Pentecost was the eighth day. This is showing like like eternity, right? Because when Jesus rose, eternity hooked in. Pentecost was actually the eighth day because you've got 49 days from the Passover and then the 50th day is the is a new day, right? 50th day is the first day again because you got seven sevens of 49. The 50th day just starts all over again. So that's what because the day of Pentecost is 50 days after Passover and that's when the Holy Ghost fell on the day of Pentecost which is which is 8. The new heavens and the new earth are essentially on the eighth day as well because you've got the earth was 6,000 years. We have a thousand-y year millennium. Then we get the new heavens and new earth on day one again or day eight, right? Eight represents eternity like that. Solomon when he did when he dedicated the temple it says um and at the time Solomon held a feast in all Israel with him a great congregation from the entering of Hamoth into the river of Egypt before the Lord our God seven days and seven days even he did it for 14 days on the eighth day he sent the people away and they blessed the king and went to their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the goodness that the Lord had done for David his servant and for Israel his people on the eighth day they were just really happy everyone's happy on the eighth day because it's the beginning of eternity the eighth day. Now this one is you think oh this I this is simple but when you talk about the concept of zero zero is a weird number because it's not actually a number it's a it's an idea right and and this concept of absolute zero is like it's a we we we take for granted the fact that we have zero but for zero is only something that's come of late this idea of zero like the Roman numerals didn't have a zero because they didn't have this concept of zero God doesn't really have zeros either he he I know we have nothing like I've got a thing in my hand and I take away I got nothing. There's a concept of nothing but but the idea in itself is an abstract idea of this concept of zero. So um I just want to show you the history of it because this is this is essentially it describes humanity and eternity. This concept of zero um in the this is this is going way back 200 AD. the the um Hindus and those their religions had this concept of we're in nothingness, you know, like a you know like like new age there's just nothing. So they had this concept of nothing. So they started thinking oh there must be a number that's nothing cuz cuz because the Christians said no there's no such thing as nothing. God's everywhere so there's just one right. Um and then that passed on to these guys. So uh mathematicians started using the concept of zero in their uh Indian mathematicians started having this concept of zero and started kind of working out a bit of a decimal more place having a zero at the end which essentially is just a 10 the other way just looping but but you have to but I'll show you what I mean in a bit because you when you have a beginning and end you have to have a zero but if you got no beginning no end you got no zero because it just goes around right so you don't need a zero like God doesn't need zero because it just goes around we have a start and then we need a zero. Right? So this guy this guy um he was from um Iraq. He worked out a whole numbering system based on a zero. This is like 900 AD. So this is we've gone way past the Roman time and way into the time we know. And you might know this person Fibonacci mathematician. So so he would travel to um Iraq and trade and things like that. And that's when he saw that oh what's this numbering system you guys have got? Oh, it's a what's a zero? What what are these decimal places? This was a new concept to him. So, he brought that back to Europe and then showed Europe, oh, there's a zero. We can do now decimals and things like that. And that that essentially opened up mathematics when you understood zero because before that, if you didn't have zero, you can't really go far with your numbers. You can't go backwards. You can't do decimal places, right? Because it is a placeholder, but it's also a negative thing. And then then all of our computers now are the binary code is now one zero which is something nothing something nothing right um but still the Greeks didn't accept this concept of zero because they thought how can nothing be something right like they they they sort of refuse it for a long time no there can't be because philosophically it's not possible something nothing can't be something it's either something or it's nothing if it's nothing then it doesn't exist so we're not going to make it exist because it's Nothing confusing, eh? You didn't think zero was so confusing, did you? But it's not even a number. It's not a number. It's like, what is it? People don't really know what it is. And there's this concept of absolute zero like like on the on the scales here. Listen to what this guy says. He says on a th Celsius thermometer, the number zero rests midway down the number line, but the but he said the true zero point of temperature, commonly known as absolute zero, is a staggering -273°. Now he says absolute zero like so much of the void remains tantalizingly out of reach for humanity. As Stuart explains, the laws of thermodynamics simply won't allow us to get there. So if you're on absolute zero, you'll never get there. You cannot get to absolute zero. He says um he says in principle you can get as close as you like to absolute zero but you can never actually get there because he says if you have a system which is in its zero energy state it has to be totally out of contact with the rest of the universe. So if you want to get to absolute zero you've got to be outside of this whole universe as we know it because any little bit of vibration or anything is going to make that not absolute zero. So you've got to become this all has to cease to exist then you get zero. So he's saying we can get as close to it in principle as we can to try and get freeze get things down and get all the vibrations out but we'll never ever get to absolute zero because we live in a world where there's something right and but this is what math can do and it sort of proves that God created the world is that zero actually means nothing and in numbers something can be added to nothing. You can have 0 plus one you equal one. So in math you can have zero then something which essentially was what we had that's why I say zero means uh mortal cuz because if you're just going round and round you don't need a zero do you just go 1 2 3 4 5 if you got increments of 10 you just go back to one again or the eighth day is just one goes round because you got no start no end you don't need it we need when you have a start of something you got to have a then then you've got to have a uh start point then you've got to have a point before that was nothing. If you have a see zero only exists in our realm because we we we get we be born we're like well one day I was born before that where was I was nothing so I was zero or you know we have we our minds have to have us oh the world had to begin somewhere if we're traveling through it had to begin somewhere where did it begin we we look down time that way we look up that way how far does it go that way how far back does it go and where is zero and and we say oh zero was the big bang you know not we but you know they say Okay, there was a time where there was nothing zero and then it went then we started cuz cuz if you have a start of some you have to have a zero but we say well no our concept is yes that's true but there was a time where there was nothing and then God said and created something so there was zero then there was something zero actually proves that God made the world that there was there was nothing then there's something that does that make sense I've got that one there actually. Yeah. But in eternity, it just goes around. There's no zero. You don't need zero. Like cuz we think, well, how far ahead the numbers go? They just keep going. God's not that confusing. He said, "No, they just go around." Yeah. Like cuz there'd be no end that way. It'd be confusing. Where's the end of it? It's into some black dark abyss somewhere. They just go around. Eternity just goes around like seven. It just goes back to one or eight. Okay. Uh here is what happens when you put five plus zero because zero is just like a placeholder now like if you have zero and you put one thing in it it's one but then if you uh fun fact children if you try and so if you have 500 * 0 then equals 0. If you have 500 plus 0, it's 500 or 500 takeway 0 is 500. But if you put um 500 divided by 0, you get error because it's like how do I divide something by nothing? And that your computer every calculator goes don't know because zero is not actually a number. It's a nothing. It's a nothing. Right? You understand zero? Confusing concept. E you didn't know it was so confusing. We just take for granted it's a zero. But it's but it actually proves God because God doesn't have zero actually there is going to be a time where time is no more and all the stuff and all evil is zero. Zero nothing. They're all going to be zeroed out. All evil hell in eternity. Hell is not just going to go on forever. There's all the stuff. There's going to be a time where it's going to be zero. Amen. Gone. Zero. And then we are just in eternity. We just go 1 through seven. 1 through seven. go round and round and round. I want to talk about 12 worship. Jacob had 12 sons. There were 12 sons of the they they became the 12 tribes of Israel. Moses sent out 12 tribes. Elijah built an altar of 12 stones. There were 12 minor prophets. Gods specified 12 unleven breadcakes. Jesus had 12 disciples. When Peter cut off the years of the defending Jesus, he said, "I could call down 12 legions of angels." Maybe that's how many he's got. The new Jerusalem has 12 gates and 12 foundations. And the tree of life will be 12 fruit crops 12 times a year. Seven and 12 is numbers that God uses. And then in our in our u system, we've got 12 months of the year. And then we within that, this is our western one anyway because other cultures have theirs, but they still have 12. We've got 12 constellations in the zodiac that run through the one for each month. Music is the same. When you start to look at the music to color to anything there's you either got seven or 12 and sometimes five that's really all you've got in everything runs through all of God's creation like like music any musicians here what this is what we call the chromatic scale which is essentially which is essentially music are just vibrations you know so they there are only a certain amount of vibrations and then when you figure out what they are they just that's what it is you know it's just vibrates slower slower faster It's higher, but it just makes these certain pitches, you know, no matter what you do there, you know, just it just vibrates. So then they worked out, okay, there's pretty much when you work this out, there are 12 of these sounds. 12 main sounds. That's all there is. There are 12, which is on a piano, you've got that's what an octave looks like. And this is going to make music seem so boring to you that there's only 12. That's it. No more. There's variations, but there's only 12, right? And of those we only use seven because you know the you seen sound of music you know the do rei do rei do rei foli and then do is the start of the next one it's just like Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday it starts again there are seven that's all there is that's it there's either seven or 12 that you can't find any anywhere else that's all there is because God made music and he made notes he made vibrations he He made it. There's 12 there's 12 main bits and then you then there's seven is this chromatic scale, right? Which is this here. If you if you're looking at the piano, it's just one. If you're in middle C, don't worry. This just is what it is. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. That's all your notes that exist. Every song is written pretty much with those ones. Three chords actually. The songs. And now a weird thing is is that the main ones that go together is number one, number four, number five. Most songs are one, four, and five. So it doesn't matter where on the scale you go because if you go down, you're just moving everything down, but you're playing the same thing. 1 145. You play it up here, it's 1 145. Don't matter where it goes, right? Can I just bore you a little bit more with this? You've got this thing called the circle of fifths. Okay. So if you if you use this scale here, 1 2 3 4 5, and you make a and then you go up the normal scale. If you go around, then you get what they call a circle of fifths, which is which if you go 12 times, you end up back at the start again. And then that's your whole that's that's music right there. And what that's done is that's kind of grouped in it's it's so strange, but it's grouped in the notes, the chords, the keys that work together, right? So if you're in the key of C, F is the fourth and G is the fifth. And so if you're playing C, just play F and G. They're probably going to go with it. And then there's a what we call a relative minor, which are the ones underneath, and they're all the same. Like a C would be a minor. So if you're playing an E, A would be the fourth, B would be the fifth. It's just this is just one big repeat. Who's heard that? There was a song came out of what we, the Gongios do, the another version, the Hallelujah song, you know, but they've put other words in. But if you've heard the original version, it says, I heard there was a secret chord that David played and it pleased the Lord. But you don't really care for music, do you? Okay, it's the first part. Then it says, well, it goes like this. You see the where I'm reading from? C. Well, it goes like this. The fourth, what's the fourth one up there? See the is F. The fifth is G, which is C. FG. The minor fall, which is A minor. Then back up to the major, F. And the major lift, the baffle king composing Hallelujah. This guy's just pretty much given the secret away to all music. That's pretty much it right there. That's every song we do here. Pretty much all of it is just that's it there. There's three chords. So, it's three, five, seven, 12. That's how music works. Color is very, very much the same. Um, you you know, you got the rainbow. You got seven colors in the rainbow. But there's actually like a gazillion colors there. But Isaac Newton was actually a Christian. He thought, "Now, I've got to make it seven cuz there's seven chords, uh, seven, you know, there's cuz he dis he essentially discovered it through the pyramid, but he said there's there's seven notes, so there's got to be seven colors in the rainbow that coincide with the seven musical notes." So, that's why there's actually seven cuz people always argue that um, indigo shouldn't be in there, but he put it in there, so it's seven. Uh, the um the pride flag only has six. Incidentally, they were going to do a pink and another one, but they the the dying color the cost to dye it was too expensive. So, they just cut it back to six to save money. So, they cut out the indigo and they were going to do a pink, but they took both of those out. So, that's why it's only six. But this is a color wheel. This is a seven color color wheel, which which you can make all colors from that. The the one that we use is the we call it the Martian color wheel, which is the one on the right, which is 12, which is three main colors. I think it's red, uh you got red, blue, um green. Yeah. Okay. So, now this is people haven't made this up. This is just how this stuff works. You've got So, I think it's red, yellow, blue. Okay? And you've got secondary colors, which you just mix those ones together and you get three secondary colors. Then you mix a secondary with a primary color and you get a tertiary color and you get another six. So you get 12 and that's it. They're like three. They they make all the colors. That's so there there are essentially this whole world's made with 12 colors. Like that's what there is. They just make everything cuz God made color, you know, and he made light rays and it's all just vibrations and everything. It vibrates the same as music. And if you mix the seven main colors, it there's no color called white. White is just mixing all the colors together, then you get white, which I've always liked that. And there's no color called black. Black just means there's no light vibration. So the more you take away, the blacker it gets. Every color goes black. You just pull away. There's no there's no actual color black on the color spectrum. Doesn't exist. Or there's no white. That's why if you spin the color wheel fast, you start you see white because because your if you look at one spot, your mind can't process it fast enough and so it ends up because it's going so fast. It mixes all the colors together which when they all mix together they it becomes white. It's just how it works because they're all different light rays and they just add up to white. Is that not confusing? So then you've got this one and this is these are people look into this they think this is this is this is someone wrote this. He said it's interesting that there are 12 keys that progress in the circle of fifths through all the sharps and flats and come back again. They go through every note and likewise there are 12 major hues in the Martian color wheel that progresses through the blues, the greens, the reds and come back again more to the beginning. It's probably just a coincidence but one might as well make some use of it. It's not a coincidence God made it. He designed it this way. Okay, we we've just figured out, oh, this is how it works. Oh, there's seven. Oh, there's 12. Oh, there's three. Um, some people have this. I think they said about 4% of the of the population can actually hear a color. So, they hear a sound and they and a color comes with the sound. What's that brother in Christ Church that does all the Yeah, Marcus. So, he he's got this he he Nathaniel. Yeah. He he hears uh when he hears a sound, he a color associates with it. It's just a cuz they're kind of almost the same thing. They're just vibrations. It's just they don't actually don't know why it happens, but 4% of the population have this phenomenon where they they can hear colors. That'd be neat. Any of the musicians here, can you hear colors? Amateurs. No. Need to get a new band, man. Um then you've got the zodiac which is which are the 12 constellations. So there's 12 again which which represent the 12 months of the year. It actually starts in Virgo where people say it starts in Aries you know but it's it's supposed to start in Virgo which is the virgin and go right through to then the last one is Leo which is the lion you know because it represents the Lord and his pathway that he took through. But to get even more confusing, then you can you they pretty much all combine. Like you got the musical notes, you've got the colors, you've got the um and you've got the um all the star signs and the the months of the year. It all kind of they all they all they all go together. And this is just one last thing to confuse you slightly more. We have what we call a seven it it's sort of scientifically proven that there's a seven-year cycle of life. Every seven years we change, right? It's just they don't know why, but they just think this is weird. We just change every seven years. We sort of get made over. We have seven, then 14, then 28, 35, 42, and we we all sort of just go through different phases as we go through these stages. Now, if you went on this, say this, this is the starstone. If you sat on each one, say you started off in um Virgo and you went, this is actually going the other way. If you went seven months on each one, then you'd be seven years to get round and then you'd start again. Just seven on the 12 is seven years. That's just how everything works. It's all sevens or twelves. And then that takes us through to these this planets that are that are that we probably don't even see much anymore cuz there's we get too much light pollution. We never go outside. We're always inside, but planets and stars and that were a big deal. And God said made planets for seasons and for times and to keep track of everything. It's just his it's his numbering system. It's his time system. The Babylonians knew of seven planets, but they called the moon and the sun a planet. And then they had Jupiter, Venus, Saturn, Mercury, and Mars. So these are the ones you can see because the other ones, Pluto, uh, not Pluto, the other, um, Uranus and Neptune, you can't actually see with the naked eye. So that's why they they counted five plus the sun and the moon was seven. And they named their days of the week after the planets, which essentially everyone did. It was like it's how you numbered your weeks. What should we call them? I'll call them after the planets cuz there's seven planets there. Um the they had this was on um March the 25th, 185 BC. They had this time where because the planets all sort of rotate and sometimes they they line up in different ways. Sometimes they're far apart, sometimes they all come together. This one they all they were all in the same place down in the sky. So they would have probably had some sort of celebration there and looked out of these planets all lining up in the sky there. So our days of the week 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 are named after planets. You've got Sunday. They the Romans named these essentially named these after the names of the planets. So their one was Sunday. That's a sun uh but which is I'll read the Dominigo. Oh no, that's that's Spanish. D solles, which is the sun. D Luna, which is the moon. This is this is the Egyptian one. Um, D Martis, which is Mars. This is the Roman one, I mean. Um, D Mercury, which is Mercury, Dvis, Jupiter or Jovis, D Veneer, which is Venus, and D Saturn, which is Saturn, Saturday. Our ones come from we our ones come from the Nordic language because we were a little bit different. So we we kept Sunday and then we kept moon day Monday but then Tuesday instead of being um Mars we named it after Ty which was the god of war which is Ty. So we got Tyrus day Tuesday, right? And then Wednesday, we didn't use Mercury because we used our Norse people. They said, "No, we're not going to use your Roman gods. We'll use our gods." You know? So they had another god. This god was like Odin's. So it's like Odin's day or day. Um Thursday, you've heard of Thor. Okay. So that was the god of war because Jupiter was Thursday and Jupiter was like the the the the war planet, you know, the big one. Jupiter and but they said no we don't want that we're going to have Thor as our our guy so we're going to call it Thor Thor's day or Thursday that's how we get Thursday Friday was Venus which was the I guess the wife of Jupiter you know Venus is always a woman but they had a goddess called uh Friger or Freya it's the same word so that's how they got Friday so all of our all of our names are named after some Norse god so all of our Saturday they say that it was Saturn day, but I think Saturday in the North one was it was actually translated to do the washing day like wash your clothes, wash your clothes on Saturday. Now, it's funny because when we could see with our human eyes, we had the sun and the moon as a planet which made seven. But then we got telescopes and we realized, well, the sun's not a planet, the moon's not. Oh, there's another two. Oh, what are those ones? So, we ended up still with seven planets outside of our own, right? So even when we even when technology advanced, there was still seven major planets in our solar system. And I kind of like this that if we look out and we count 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. What planet are we? Eight. And it's this one. This is where we're going to be that we live here. You know, this is going to be the one that's going to be eternal. This this planet, remember the eighth day eternal. We live on the eighth planet. I don't think that's a coincidence that cuz this our eighth planet's going to be here forever. Brother Brandham talked in 1962 about he said there was a he said what's happened we see a roar in the paper across the television out across the nations where five stars just fell in line with the world what's five a number of grace every time those stars come then something happens on earth what's taken place five stars fell in what was it an introduction of what since then just look at what's taken place Germany almost washed off the map some of the magi said that the world would burst like a watermelon and every distressful thing that's prophesied by them for the last days look what's taken place England the other day a storm that blowed away 7,000 houses one day. Disasters everywhere. California, Los Angeles is like to wash into the ocean. What is it? Beginning of sorrows. Earthquakes has picked up everywhere. Why is it five stars come in line? Grace, God's grace. What's happened? An infant church. Hallelujah. A bride infancy. That the power of God has begun to fall on her. She's she has taken form a bride for this bridegroom. That three stars meant his perfection of the heavenly father of the Trinity becoming one on earth among us. God's offices becoming one office. What happened now? It's the church of the living God coming together under the word of God and the astronomic heaven is announcing her approach. Amen. Might not be believing that but it's a word just the same. Yes sir. So in 1962 that was February there was a what they call a planetary alignment where the planets actually and the path that the that they take across the sky like there's a path and and alignment is when they all sort of end up because they're spinning all sorts of different ways they will end up on the same path. So for a moment it might be a day it looks like oh they're all on that same path like they're lined up along the path of the sun right they and that's what they call a planetary alignment when they all line up that's what they do. So on this day there were five planets that lined up and there was a total solar eclipse as well he said um and that's what he's talking about in that one that was in by 2:00 the road leading up to and from the observatory was a solid mass of cars lined up bumper to bumper for half a mile. One woman was weeping so badly it was hard to understand her. She was practically on the verge of collapse. I don't know. I know it's silly to carry on like this. She gasps between twins, but I can't help myself because we know something's happening when when things happen in the universe. We kind of just know cuz God has said these are for signs and for things, right? Um we just missed a big one. There was one in um uh February, 28th of February of this year, which was actually a seven planet alignment. Did anyone see it? I missed it. You did. Should have. we should have been watching. Um, which is this one here. It was on the 28th. You could sort of see it. I think you could see it. This one may have been in the morning. Um, but the last one was 1982 and the next one is going to be 2357. So, you won't see another one. If you missed it, you won't see it anymore. Four is quite common. Five less. And the seven is very uncommon, very rare. Um, so this year we're going to have um February 28th we had four. April 17th, which was just the other week, there were four. And then April the 10th, we're going to get one of six lining up on the in December 2020, they had they called this the Christmas star or like when when two planets they when they come so close together, they looks like they ver merged like one star. This one was between um Jupiter and Saturn. I'll just go along. So this is like November the 16th, November the 30th. December the 7th uh December the 14th and then on December the 21st they had come so close together that it was like it looked like one star and becomes a bright star and that's and it was around Christmas they called this a Christmas star. These things mean something like they don't just happen and there's no it's a coincidence. So the birth of Christ, there were the wise men that were looking to stars more than what we would now. And they were noticing things in the heavens and the planets doing certain things. This happened in 7 BC, which was Saturn and Jupiter in that year, three times throughout the year, May, September, and December, they all kind of they all pass each other quite close sort of to form under one of these. um in May. It looks like they're in the same place, but if you look at the other stars, they're moving westward, right? They're moving along. Does this play GIFs on here? Really? Okay. You have to trust me on this. This was August of 3 BC. This was Jupiter and Venus which is the mother which is the king the they came together like like that and then 10 months later they did it again and they and they did that with the with the star of um Regulus which is the king star in the in the um constellation of Leo. I wish I I I I actually have got it on my other um the video the the GIF is nice because they all come together and they basically come in. So this happened this happened in August. So it's kind of like the mother and father like the the Jupiter and Venus coming together with it with the king star there and it happened twice. once there and once once in 2 BC 10 months later and there was one other thing where the stars traveled westward and then they stopped at a certain place. Now people are saying that's what the wise men saw. They saw this thing happen in in 6 BC then they kept watching and then they saw this come together and that's why they said they went to Jerusalem and they said where is he that's born king of the Jews? Now we've seen his star in the east. We've come to find out where he is. He's announced his birth has been announced there. something's happened in the planets and we know there's something someone is turning up here. That's what they did. But if you were if you were even more spiritual than that, you could just use simple calculation and you knew times. You could just use simple calculation. You would know, okay, the Messiah is on earth. He's here. Because you could look in Daniel 70 weeks and you know that, okay, the Lord said cuz Israel, he always gives Israel a certain time time. The Gentiles just say until, but he's allocated the Jews, sorry, the Jews certain time periods. This is all the time you've got. And one of the time periods was he said, "You'll be given 70 weeks from when you from the commandment to rebuild the the um the temple like the walls until the Messiah comes will be 69 weeks. Then he'll prophesy for 3 and 1/2 week uh for half a week, which is 3 and 1/2 years. he'll get cut off and then you'll get another three and a half years at the end where they come back. So that's how you go 69 plus 3 and a half plus three and a half right that's what they get. Okay. So then if you go to um if you just simple bit of research you can easily find out when this guy was um Arturaxis or his name was king he was from the Bible King Atherus. The Bible says in the 20th year of his reign then he gave a commandment to that he can go and build the walls of the temple again. Right? So the 20th he was he he came he started reigning in 465 BC. So then that would mean it would be 446 BC was when the commandment went forth. So you just go 69 times like one year is one year is seven years right because it's a a week seven. So you go do you understand that 69 one when he says one one week that means seven years so you go 69 * 7 is 360 and then but they times 360 because the Jewish calendar is only 360 days but our our one is 360.25 25 for the leap year, right? So, we have to do that little calculation. Just trust me, it works. That's it there. So, you go 446 to 4 plus 476, you end up at 30 AD. So, you could have been there in that time and just worked out a simple calculation and going, "Right, okay. If I believe the Bible, the Messiah is here. Where is he?" Like, he's on Earth. We calculated he's here. And he was. I mean, it's it's not it's not um there's only one problem with these numbers, though. I'm about a year out because um he Jesus was crucified on a Friday and he rose on a Sunday and the only two times he could have been were Friday the 7th of April in 30 AD or Friday the 3rd of April in AD.33. I'll explain to you why the what the problem is here. But it kind of does work because 446 BC plus a 476 gets you to 30 AD 3 and a half years because he pro he prophesied for three and a half years then he was crucified. So that gets you to that actually gets you to June. But this one is April. He was crucified in April. Um this is just to throw us little spanner in the works. Um he was Jesus was either born in Aries lies a lamb right that's over under that sign but there's a bigger argument that he was born over in Virgo which is virgin September now none of us were there so we don't really know but and this is not this is not foundational you're saved if you believe it's here you're not saved if you believe it's here doesn't it doesn't really matter but if he was born and Aries and both the shepherds would have been out both times of the year because it's the same time. It's just either side of summer, right? So, both work and both star signs work like he came from a virgin or he was a lamb of God. Both work. But if he was born in Aries there, then he would have been 34 when he died, not 33. You happy with that? It's the only problem you got because if he did if he he can't start ministering till he's 30 then if he goes three and a half years he has to go another he had to have started ministry at like halfway through he had to if he was he had to have started when he was 30 and a half then he had to do three three and a half years so he would have been 34 but if he was if he was born in Virgo and he started ministering at 30 then three and a half years will get him around to he'll be 33 and a half when he died in April. It doesn't matter. But I'm just saying. Brother Bram says that they the constellations tell that that was God's first Bible. And if you go through it, people have done in-depth study, but the main ones that actually the other ones are a little bit complicated, but the main ones are it starts off as a virgin, ends up with Leo the lion. That's the main ones that go through there. I've got about a few more slides to go, then we're done. Um the number 40, we know it's trials and testings. The flood came for 40 days and 40 nights. When the children of Israel went to spy out the land, they took 40 days to spy this land out. And I worked it out. They had to go 800 km. So 400 there, 400 back. Okay. To spy out this whole land. So they walked about 20 km a day. Walking speeds about 5 km an hour. So if they did if they walked for 10 hours a day, they walked for they only did 2 km an hour. These guys are doing a good check out of the land. They're not walking fast. Like 5ks is a average walk. So they're walking half that speed. So they're they're having a good look around. They're good. They do well. They didn't just like rush, you know? Dave will just be rush to the end, rush back. Yeah, she's good. Let's go. They walked slow. They walked slow and it took them about 20 days to get to one end and 20 days to get back. Now, when they didn't believe, the Lord said, "Okay, for every day you were in the land, you're going to be in the wilderness for that amount of time." And they were in the land for 40 days. That's why he said, "Now you're going to be in the wilderness now for 40 years. One day for each year." I don't think it's a coincidence that they took 20 days there, 20 days back. Cuz 40 always has to be trial, temptation. Had to be 40 years. So they maybe some guys wanted to walk fast. They said, "No, slow down, bro. You're going too fast, you know, cuz they had to get back on the 40th day. Had to be gone 40 days." God's maths always work. Jesus fasted 40 days and 40 nights. Moses' life essentially was 40 40. He had a very hard life. 40 40 years he was in Egypt under Pharaoh. 40 years he was in the wilderness. Uh 40 years well the backside of the desert. Then 40 years in the wilderness. That was him. 50 is this is the last one I've got here. 50 is Jubilee which we know why it's Jubilee because it's essentially the eighth day. It's the start of the eth day. It's the start of a new beginning. It's freedom. It's you go forth. It's the it's eternity. Like you 49 years you're a slave. on the 50th year, you're free. You've done the you're back to the start again. You can go free. Um and and the day of Pentecost was 50 days after Passover. So Passover was here. And then 50 day, the reason why pass the reason why the day of Pentecost is is because they said it was 50 days later that Moses came down with the law from he received the law 50 days after Passover. So that's why they celebrate the day of Pentecost, 50 days afterwards. So Jesus was crucified on the Passover and then 50 days after that which was on the we say oh we're Pentecostals. It's actually a it's like an Israeli a Jewish feast, you know, p the feast of Pentecost, but it just happened happened to be the 50th day that they were in the upper room and the spirit of God came on the 50th day, which is the year of Jubilee, the the day where the eighth day you can go. It's it's it's a day of celebration that you're free, you know, which was Moses received the law then and then the law himself came to us on the 50th day, which was the eighth day. The last one is number 13 which is the number of a this is commonly known as the number of a woman for some we're not known not for some reason I think this is this is why they think it is is because the moon in one year has a moon has a 28 day lunar cycle and then in one year you get um 13 of these and it equals 364 days and a woman is always uh the moon's always typed as a woman like and if you think the sun and the moon you'd man, woman. And brother Bram says, you know, we're like the sun. We're like the moon reflecting the light of the sun. So the moon's always and then the woman has a cycle every 28 days. And so there's 13 throughout the year. So that's why they say I think the woman's number is 13. You understand that? Yeah. Um and that's why brother Brandham said America started off with America is a woman's nation. It's represented as a woman. It started off with these 13 colonies on the side here. They were the that was what it was for a lot hundreds of years. It was just 13 colonies. And then here was its flag. It had uh seven red stripes and six uh yeah, six white ones like that. That was and then 13 stars. So you see you hear him say he had 13 stripes, 13 stars, 13. That was it there. And then it appears in the 13th chapter of Revelation where it says, "I saw a beast that was that came up out of the uh the sea which amongst many people which was the European Catholic Church there." Then it says, "I saw a beast come up out of the lamb, which was this one here, 13 coming up out of the land." And um it spoke like a lamb, but it had all the power of the dragon. And and that was this that's what that's it there. the that country coming out of the land. It's 13. Just last one. Just because God just can't let this go like he can't just it be confusing. Even brother Brandham's name is 777. Like it could have been 63 and seven or something, but it was 777. William Mariam Branham. And and he said it's grace that changed Abraham. No, you didn't know. I just thought this up. Grace had to change Abraham from Abram which was five to Abraham which was seven. He went from five to seven. He changed his name and he made it a ham with an H. And then it ended up with seven. And then brother Brandon pointed out that look at the time when he was ministering there were the two prophets to Sodom which were and he said it's Billy Graham which the last name of Ham. But there's only six letters in the last name. 1 2 3 4 5 six cuz that's going to man. This one is for God. I want to finish on this one here just I just want to with this is the last slide here but don't forget you're number six which what are you perfect number you're a when God made you and made you perfect he made me perfect this affected me when I when I understood this I thought the Lord made me perfect I I was the I was the the apex of his creation I don't mind being I I quite like number six now. It's that's it's that's my perfection. God made me perfect. I'll never attain to seven because that my God's ways are far above my ways, but I'm happy with six. It's simple, but it's perfect. Amen. Let's um let's stand this morning. Sorry if I if I gave you too much information, but you'll think about it and you'll go down a few rabbit holes. You'll Google some things and you'll think, "Is that true?" And you'll find out that it was. Can we say to musicians that we just sing a song? Um Oh, can I I'll sing one or two. I think what I learned from all this when I went into it is that, you know, there's nothing in this. We're not here by chance. It's not just a throw together. Oh, it'll she'll be right. Let's see if this all works. We we live in a finely tuned uh creation that that that everything is God's just God's handiwork is all throughout this whole creation. And we're not here just by a mistake or there's it's everywhere you look, you just start to see the fingerprints of God and right all through his creation. And and he made it all for you and me. and he came down and died just for you and me so that we could enter into life back with him. So, so in all the complexity of it all, it's actually quite simple. He just became a man, came down and saved us, and we go back with him. That's that's that's how simple it is. I want to sing that one. Um um Oh, love of God, how rich, how pure, and then I'll just hand it over to Josh after this. I'll start with the chorus. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. It shall forever pour the saints and a soul. The love of God is greater than tongue of him can ever tell. It goes beyond the highest star and reaches to the lowest hill. The guilty pit bow down with care. God gave his son to him. his child. He reconciled and parted from his love of God. How rich and good, how measulous and strong. It shall forever endure. The saint said, "Your song when he is of time shall pass away and earth as the throne and kingoms fall. [Music] And many years refuse to pray on rocks and hills and mountains. God's love so sure shall still endure all meas and strong redeeing grace to Adam's race the saint oh love of God oh Love God, how rich and pure, how meantless and strong. It shall glory. The saint [Music] said, "Were we the ocean?" Or were the sky of parchment made? For every stone on earthquake and every man ascribe my faith to ride the love of God above train [Music] This world contain no stretch from sky to Oh love of God. Oh love of God. How rich and good. How [Music] meas it shall forever the saint. Oh love of God. Oh love of God. How rich and good. How meas and strong it shall forever the saints and let's sing that one more time. Oh love of God. Oh love of God. Oh love of God. How rich and pure. How [Music] measulous and strong it shall forever [Music] glory the saints and their just as the musicians play. Let's just pray um this [Music] morning. Lord, we thank you Lord that we can see your handiwork Lord in everything around us Lord and we can see that Lord we are fearfully and wonderfully made. We see the enemy, Lord, always tries to downplay humanity, to downplay us, to discourage us, Lord, to to to beat us down. Yet, Lord, you made us perfect. Lord, you were you had us in your mind even way way before anything began. When there was zero, when there was nothing, when there was nothing here at all, we were in your mind. That's how far back we go. And that's how infinite you are, Lord. And then when each one of us came to be, Lord, you were so happy to to see your sons and your daughters, Lord. And you loved us so much that you came down and you redeemed us, Lord. And and we see this whole complex pattern of everything that you've made, everything that you've done, Lord. And yet it's so simple that you've just you just want to come and have fellowship with us. You you came to redeem us and just in in our quiet time, just come and meet with us, Lord. You just want to have fellowship, Lord. That's the simplicity of the whole gospel is that God that God and man will become one, Lord. So, we just want to um thank you for all that you've done for us, Lord. May you bless each one as they go their way this morning. Bless bless our week, Lord. May we have a prosperous week. May we be victorious in every faith battle that we come up against. May we walk in faith, Lord, and not walk in doubt at all. And just just be be happy, Lord, and just be full of vibrancy and full of life and full of your spirit. So I just want to commit each one to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. God bless you. Dismissed in Jesus name this [Music] morning. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
