################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-03 - 030825 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana - Mpho Nkoana.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-03
Title:   030825 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana
Speaker: Mpho Nkoana
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PRCikWtB0o
========================================

Heat. Heat. N. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise the Lord. Good evening. God bless you all this evening. Let's um let's stand and um just get our minds into an atmosphere that we can receive the word of God uh this evening that we can just lay aside any uh thoughts that that would not move us forward. There's a lot of thoughts we can get throughout the day that are not designed to move us forward in our Christian walk. They're designed to do the opposite. Some are designed to really just help us function as a human being. I think I should go there and pick up that or I think I should probably go and get some dinner. But you know, even in those thoughts, the Lord still controls all those. You know, you think, "No, you know what? I'll do this. I'll I'll do this first, then in about 20 minutes, I'll go and to the shop and get something." And then when you go to the shop, you'll meet someone that's right there just at that time. So that thought you got was from the Lord to make you, you know, meet certain people and do certain things. It's called divine appointments. But tonight, we want to let the thoughts of the Lord speak to us and let let his thoughts come in and just minister minister to us this evening. So, let's um let's just pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you. We thank you that we can be here this evening, Lord, and we can receive your word into our hearts and we can put on the mind of Christ, Lord, and we can lay aside other things that would maybe bring us to a different place that wouldn't be a place of faith, Lord. Lord, it wouldn't be a place of love or a place of Lord of of of victory. We want to lay aside those thoughts, Lord, and we just want to focus our minds upon you this evening, Lord, that you could speak to us and that you can minister to our hearts, Lord, and that you just bring peace and love and joy in our midst, Lord, and and just may there be a victory and a joy in the camp this evening. We thank you that we can meet here together. We've got this building and there's brethren here that we can meet with, Lord. And so, we just want to um lay hold upon it and just make the most of this evening. We just pray and just commit it to your hands in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to sing. They were gathered in the upper room. All praying in his name. They were gathered in the upper room. All praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. And now what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Though these people may not learn to be nor boast of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost baptized in Jesus' name. And I'm telling now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. There are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame. With the fire that fell at pent, he cast it, cleansed, and made them clean. Oh, is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Come my brother, seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul a flame. Oh, he's burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of the one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Amen. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. &gt;&gt; Amen. This next song is called the Alas are call. I used to hate this song when I was young cuz my brothers would nudge me when the Isaac part came on. Isaac getting a wife. It was early in the morning by an ancient wayside well. Alaza stopped to rest his camel train. He had found a bride for Isaac. He had found Rebecca fair. And his weary journey had not been in vain. So get ready. So get ready. Evening shadows fall. I have heard the alley are call. There is going to be a wedding. How joy will soon be full in the evening when the camel train comes in. Now the blessed holy spirit from the father God above has come down to earth to claim his worthy bride. And our eyes that go over yonder has prepared his tent of love. And he wants his Rebecca by his side. Wo. So get ready. Shadows fall. I have heard the alias are calling. There is going to be a way. How joy will soon be full in the evening when the camel train comes in. But we have left our chin. For gladly we have bid the world goodbye. We've been called to be his pure and spotless bride. And we'll soon behold our eyes in their blessed eternity. What a happy happy wedding that will be. So get ready. So get ready. Evening shadows fall. I have heard the alley are cold. There is going to be a wedding. How joy will soon be full in the evening when the camel train comes in. So get ready. So get ready. The evening shadow fall. I have heard the alias of fall. There is going to be waiting and joy will soon be full in the evening when the camel train comes. Oh, so get ready. So get ready. Evening shadows fall. Oh, I have heard the alley are call. Oh, there is going to be a wedding. And our joy will soon begin. In the evening when the camel train come while I'm sailing [Music] where the stormy sea the waves are crashing over and the daylight hides his face from me. Fear is true and the storm agrees. But I look and I see who's in the boat with me. Jesus, you're here. There is nothing that I need to fear. You're here. You're here. There is nothing that I need to fear. There is nothing that I need to fear because Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Waves you won't break me. Storm you won't shake me. Jesus is here. Oh you tempest. You will all be still. Peace be still. Oh, peace be still. H of times I say through life story. The situations of proclaiming you will not. Your word says you the raging of the sea. When the waves arise, you're still there. Jesus, you're here. There is nothing that I need to feel. You're here. You're here. There is nothing that I need to feel. [Applause] There is nothing that I need to feel because Jesus is here. Jesus is here always. You won't break me. Storm you won't shake me. Jesus is here. High tempest. Oh your tempest. You will be still. [Music] Peace be still. Peace be still. Oh, peace. Be still. And in your darkest hour, keep your eyes on Jesus. When there's fear all around you, keep your eyes on Jesus. All the raging and woring is trying to make you forget if you will in your darkest in your darkest hour. Keep your eyes on Jesus. and there's fear all around you. Keep your eyes on Jesus. All the raing and rolling is trying to make you forget who you have with you. Oh Jesus is here. Oh yes he is. Waves you won't break me. Storm you won't shake me. Jesus is here. Oh ye tempest you will all be still. [Music] Peace be still. Wo! Peace be still. Who told the sun where to stand in the morning? Who told the ocean you can only come this far? [Music] And who told the move? Where to hide till evening? Whose words alone can catch a falling star? Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life with any cry I know. My redeemer lives. The very same God that has been stained or he runs to the weary, the one and the weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken. They conquer death to bring me victory. [Music] Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer, my redeemer. Well, I know my redeemer lives. Yes, I do. I know my redeemer lives. [Music] Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry, I know my redeemer. He lives to take away my shame and he lives forever. I'll proclaim [Music] that the payment for my sins was a precious life he gave. Oh, now he's alive and there's an empty grave. Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. I'm with the cry. I know my redeemer. Do you want us to sing it again? I know for I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer. He lives. Let all creation testify &gt;&gt; within me. I love my redeemer. He lives. Praise the Lord. Amen. Such a such a comforting thing to know that our redeemer lives. Amen. I greet you all tonight in the wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you so much, brother Isaac. you know, just sit sitting there and just listening to the songs, I realized that uh brother Isaac is such a special brother. Uh to me at least, and I know to you, you know, the songs that the Lord gave him to to write down for his bride such I've never met anyone like that before. I don't mean you must uplift my brother. H it just came across to me very strongly my brother. I must just give the man the accolades while you can still see him in the eyes. Amen. I'm so blessed by his songs and uh may the Lord continue to bless you and for the benefit of his kingdom. That's my prayer. I've never met anyone like this. I was thinking sitting there say hey this brother Isaac I don't know which part of the body you know any what organ what what part of the body can I associate with him what do you think Isaac will be what do you think Isaac can be you know eyes head liver toe but he's such a a blessing to me. Oh, fingers. Brother Ed says fingers. You know, he does he does things. What? Can I tell you my answer? What was my answer for me? I thought feet. Isaac walks. He just what whatever the situation is, he walk. Sorry, my brother. I don't mean to put you on the spot. But whatever the situation, son, rain, low down, walk. Just walk. &gt;&gt; You are a winner. Just keep on walking. Thank you, brother Isaac. I really appreciate it. Maybe I may not have another chance to tell you, but keep on doing, brother. And I'm not saying he doesn't have weaknesses. He's my young brother. I'm sure he won't mind saying this, but he's got weaknesses. Many of them. Maybe some of them you don't know. But we look at the blessing and the gift. And that's what I appreciate so much. So, thank you so much, my brother. Appreciate it. Thank you musicians. And you, too. You're such a blessing. God bless you. You may take your seats and then uh we are going to read the scripture. Thank you. I just thought I should pass that. It was it was in my heart. Sorry to put brother Isaac on the spot. Um no one can believe if I can tell you that I was very sick last night. Maybe brother Ed. I didn't I didn't think that I'll come and preach again because I was very very very sick. The enemy wanted me to be down and uh but I I refused. I refused to be sick. I just refused. I refused and I refused and through the night I was sick and I was and I refused. So here am I. &gt;&gt; So I thank the Lord for that. And while we standing let's read a scripture in Genesis chapter 3 verse 9. while we standing. I didn't want to postpone preaching for the third time. Genesis chapter 3. Once you're there, just say amen. Verse 9. This is when the Lord was looking for Adam. And and the Lord called Adam and I mean and the Lord God called unto Adam and said unto him, "Where are thou?" In today's language, we say, "Where are you, Adam? Where are you?" I'm sure we don't think we don't believe the Lord did not know where Adam was, but he's asking where are you. Let's pray. If you've got a need, maybe you can just show the Lord by the lifting up your heart or your hand and just say, "Lord, speak to me. Lord, answer me. Lord, address me." Heavenly Father, we thank you tonight for your loving grace. We thank you, Lord, for your loving kindness. We thank you for your presence. We thank you for the word that we have read. We invite you master that you come and speak and interpret your word. We invite you tonight that you come and inspire your word Lord. Not much about the vessel Lord. Lord Jesus is about you. I pray tonight that you come in a mighty way Lord and just inspire both hearer and both speaker alike. Let your will be done tonight even as we stand in your presence. We say Lord forgive us where we have gone wrong in our ways. As human beings we air many times and I pray that you have mercy on us and wash us clean. Let us be focused on your word and what you have done for us. I pray for each one even the uplifted hands Lord. May you provide the desire and the need Lord God that is behind that hand. We ask and pray humbling ourselves in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Please enjoy the comfort of your seats. Um I don't have a PowerPoint sister Talia but uh I do have a a little word document that I have prepared here and uh so um we I want to speak about the thought or the title that says position affecting possession. position affecting possession. That's what I want to talk about this evening. And just a little thought and then we can pray and go home. Now we we read about Adam and the Lord asking where are thou? So Adam has lost a position. The Lord was asking him where are you because I put you on position one for example I put you on position one in other words the Lord was saying why are you now in position 51 I put you here why are you there where are you you know the coach in a football match when they put you as a striker which means you'll be in the vicinity of the goal post of your opponent in that vicinity Imagine a striker sitting at the back line. The coach will say, "Where are thou?" That's what the coach will say because you are positioned to be the striker. When the back line on the middle passes the ball to the striker, the striker is out of position. Why are thou? That's what God was asking. I want to read for you what the prophet says here just before we something says before we proceed. Let me just read a quotation for you. Brother Brenham in the message of the position of a believer in Christ preached in 55 February the 27th. He says, "Now that's what we are trying to do today is to place the believer in his right position so he can see where he is at." Did you Oh, it's the back. Sorry, I forgot the sauce. Sorry, I didn't mean to take your attention. I was just concerned what the speaker or what the the prophet is saying. The reason why we come here and preach, the reason why the whole sermons, the whole preaching, the whole everything we are talking to encourage you is to try to put the believer in their right position. Is to try to to to to to make you aware of your rightful position and where you are actually are &gt;&gt; so that you shouldn't be in the wrong position or you shouldn't be at the right at the wrong place at the wrong time. you know that the to so that's that's just what the purpose of the sermon is tonight that's what you hear brother Ben coming here preaching Sunday in Sunday out Wednesday in Wednesday out with the rest of the ministers the purpose is to try to place the believer in during the minister in the right position and for them to know where they at. Think about it this way. Or maybe before we go there, let's just before we bring that aspect of thinking about where you are at, let's just look at what what actually is a position. Then what is a position? According to Oxford dictionary, it says a position is where is a place where someone or something is located or has been put. That's a position. For example, you cannot approve something that you are not in position to authorize in the position to authorize. If not your it's not your place. You know the talk that says no it's not your place to do that. We we often tell oh no sister that is not your place brother that is not your in other words there it's not you're not in position to do that. I can't just stand on the road now and start stopping the cars. I'm not in position to do that. It's not my position. And without a position, I have no authority. Without a position, I have no not only authority, I have no blessings. I have because I'm out of my position. Position has got a lot to do with your possession. You'll see now. In fact, I wrote here, everyone has the authority to do to achieve anything. Anyone you can achieve it, but the only things that just be in your position, you'll see you'll achieve. If you're out of position because it's not about it's not about position is not about how able you are. It's not about how capable you are. That's not what position is all about. We can hear that you are qualified. You are skilled and you are able. You are strong. We can hear that you are more than capable. But is it in your position? You understand what I'm trying to say? But the context anyone can do anything. In fact, a Christian can do anything. Everything if you are in the right position, you can do it because you are in your right position. So position can be viewed in many different context and all those context explain the position and what comes when you are in your right position. That's why the Lord just gave me that inspiration to talk about brother Isaac because think about the part of a body. I spoke about this many times. The parts of the body if another part takes another part's job it loses its position. It will even die that part because it's doing another part's job. It will lose his reward. It will lose his blessings. it will lose everything all his possessions because it loses the position. That's that's that's my message tonight. So, let's just then go to let's go to I'm laughing because of so many examples that I wrote here. The one it says here, can you hold this as an example of position? Can you hold this nail in position while I hammer? You see, position is very important. If that nail cannot be in position and you hold it and I hammer can you imagine what what can happen. So that's why I was laughing. Position my children is very important. It's not positioned in terms of number one, number two, number five. No, no. It's It says here it is a place where someone or something is located or has been put that is a position not number one or I come second or I come third. No, no. That's a that's position of children uh who who are arguing who should take the bigger plate first or I'm the first born I must I'm position one no that that's a wrong position I'm talking about where you are placed at right what is possession then possession according to this time I didn't check the Oxford dictionary I checked the other one that start with M m something. The state of having or owning or controlling something they say is possession. the state of owning, having or controlling something. Again, let me bring rugby this time. In rugby, when we play two two, why why don't we play four four four groups at a time, why don't we play two I mean I mean four teams in the in the match and each one wants to win. Why don't we do that? Because there's only two powers. All these things that we see daily, we see them. Every game is about two sides. You can be many players. Even in tennis, it can be two two, but at the end it's two sides. 20 players 10 10. So, so in in rugby we play and then they say, "Oh, they've got their possession. They've got enough ball possession." Is it is that something like that? Yeah. or even in soccer is there. They even write on the screen there. Oh, football group A has got 50 51% ball possession. The others have got 49. They're owning the possession. But you know, did you know that they can lose a game even with the higher 60% ball possession? &gt;&gt; They can lose a game. But how come how come brother they can lose a game when they they're leading? They've got a possession. They dominate. No, no. You see, possession goes with position. If they are in possession of the game, but they lose their positions, they can lose. &gt;&gt; Very likely it happens, isn't it, Jono? Doesn't it happen? Just one mistake, the opponent get a a a a try and you're gone with your ball position, right? So you must be able to maintain your position in order to have your possessions with you all the time. They are yours. The possessions are yours. I'm not taking them from you. All healing, all everything God's blessings because he pre-ordained them for you. They yours. I can take them. but be in the right position to access them to use them to to to to let them manifest what they were meant to do to bring right does it make sense can I hear the amen there at the back &gt;&gt; I'll call for the front very soon excuse me so what happens when you lose a position what happens because you see a position h Adam lost it by by ignoring or disregarding the word of God. That's what happened to Adam. And he lost. He was even kicked out of the garden as you all know. Why did that mean that Adam was no more a son of God? No. He's he's a son of God with full possession but he lost his position and that led to him from to lose some of his possessions. That is why Jesus Christ today has come back as the second Adam to restore those possessions and he can only do that by restoring himself to the position and us to our rightful position so that we access our possessions fully. That's why Adam lost it. Let's let's let's let's look at Abraham. Do you know Abraham? Abraham also at some point lost a point lost a a a position and he even lied a prophet of God. But that did not change him from being a prophet or from being God's best friend. &gt;&gt; But just to lose don't lose your position. There's a song that says oh that one says don't lose your vision. I almost conf I almost put a new word. Abraham, he even took his wife and gave it to another man. Hey, how can you get so low the the prophet of God? But because once the son of God, you are always, you see, that's the beautiful part of it. And God will make sure that for his word to to not fail, he'll bring you back. And that's what we are trying to do. That's what the message is doing. That's what the word of God is doing. Girls, boys, mothers, don't lose your position. And find that husband is got this position. You've got this. No. Husband and wife, each one must take their position. I know that's that's brother Ben's place to say that, but I can just flick it over for you to just to remind you that husbands and wives must not lose their position. &gt;&gt; Otherwise, the young lines are going to think that ah look at them and they they won't learn it properly. A husband and a wife must be in the rightful position in order for their blessings and possessions to manifest properly or according to the word of God. But not in Ludicia. The Laudician ones don't want to do that. And that's the spirit of Ludicia. Sorry, I want to talk about position and position, not about marriage and divorce. Sorry. The same thing happens to to the church family or even the church out there. The reason why the church is today is because they have lost their position. That's the reason why we have so many denominations but they talking about the same Bible. &gt;&gt; We say we talk about the same Jesus Christ but we are contradicting all the churches. Now the message of the hour in the message that's how the shrewd he can be that's how shrewd he can be. He he will leave the denominations because he know they have lost position. You see when you lose position, do you know the reason they introduced this thing called offside in in soccer? Sorry, I love I love football. The reason they introduce this thing called offsite is because there's this player who loses a position. He doesn't get in position at the right time and he's fine offside. The two lines men will see him off out of position and they raise a flag. He's out of position out. Instead of scoring a goal, he he lost a position because he's he now he loses the reward of a goal. He would have just been online get the ball and score. But him he was out of position. Am I right fish? That's the rule of so I'm giving examples about so that I can make it practical. What what what happens when you lose a position? You you eat from the dust bin. You know a dustpin you you eat from there. You eat you go there and dig from there and eat because you have lost a position. All your possessions are gone. you I don't mean in a bad way but if you are out of your pos the rightful position is that you are supposed to be eating dinner at home or eating from the nice cooked meal shop but no you don't mind digging from the bin and eating maggots of the world and sin of the world and then come to church you have lost your position if you do that because you for have forgotten who you are you forgotten that you are a son and a daughter of God. That's why that boy was found eating with pigs &gt;&gt; because he lost his position and then he lost his possessions. Once you lose your position, the chances of you keeping your possessions is very very zero. You see my girl? So don't lose it. Don't allow girls. Don't allow. The mothers will understand me. The church world has also lost position. The message the enemy is coming strong. Even in the message trying to make the church believer, the church family, the bride to lose her position. That's all the enemy wants. Just to let you lose your position. then he knows he's got almost everything that is belong that belongs to you. Right? How do you get into that position of losing a position? How do you Let's read Corinthians 1 Corinthians 12. 1 Corinthians 12. I'll read it for you, but my sister can put it for us. I won't be long tonight because um my throat will will complain, brother Be. But This is also prayer meeting. I'll just keep it short then then we go. 1 Corinthians 12. My girl. For as the body is one and have many members and all the members of that one body being many are one body also. So also is Christ. Verse 13. For by one spirit we are all baptized into one body. You see it is the spirit that actually brings us into position in this body. It is the spirit. You'll see now. So for by one spirit we are all baptized into one body whether we be Jews or Gentiles whether we be bond or free and have been all made to drink into one into one spirit. One. For the body is not one member is many members but one spirit. That is why we are different. That is why I can't act like Ruben. I can't be Ruben. I can't be Mo. I can't be a a Lilia. I can only be me because I'm a I'm a I'm a part of the many membered body. &gt;&gt; Right. So again that point I said at the beginning if I want to do Lilia's part I lose my position. And the body suffers because of me. &gt;&gt; I lose my position because I I I then I make the body to struggle and the body must work double because I lose my position and on top of that I lose my possession. So one spirit I can't try to be brother Isaac. I know I cannot I cannot make those songs. But the Lord can use the channel for him in order for me to benefit from his song. The the Lord uses that channel of that gift to bring that song. I benefit but I didn't make the song. You see how the body works. That's how the body of the Lord the same spirit one many members one body. H if the food shall say because I am not the hand I'm not of the body. Is it therefore not is therefore not of the body? So that's just Paul is trying to show us a simple a simple truth for us to understand our position that if we are keeping our position the body will benefit you you'll get your full possessions and then brother Brendam even says here in the message again of the position of a believer in Christ he says h look look at it bruised wounded to open up on his side. This is the first one. Yeah. Open up. Talking about Jesus Christ, the Roman spear in order that the sp the holy spirit we could be baptized into his body when they pierced him there. You see part you are we are partakers of his divine nature. So the spirit bring us to be partakers of his divine nature. You get it? Then you become a partaker after coming into his body. A partaker of his divine nature. Christ nature in you. So once you become part of this body and you are baptized by that spirit, you become you have a new nature and that new nature it is the nature of Christ in you but operating by different parts and different member members of the same body but same nature nature of Christ. Now, now now he says, "How can you cheat, steal, lie, backslide, procelite, everything else with the divine nature of Christ in you?" Ah, what kind? That means you don't you don't have that spirit if you do that. But God's children who are full of the spirit of God, they don't do those things because they've got a new nature. It is impossible for them to do that. He says, "Brother, it's impossible." He says, "Let that soak just a few minutes because it is right." It is impossible. But hey, do you know what is possible? That a believer who loses a position get restored back in into his position. It's all about imagine a woman who says I love you. There's three things about it. Love, faith, and surrender. Or obedience. Three things. Love, faith, and obedience. If she loves you, she's going to have faith in you, and she'll obey to you. Just like we as the bride, if we love the Lord, we believe in him, we believe in him and we obey him because we are the female part of him. We are the we are a clear example of how a woman should be to the husband. We obey. We have got full confidence in him. Full 110% confidence in him and we've got faith in him and we love him. Nobody forces us. We just love him because he first loved us. We said that before. So the prophet says here one spirit you are in one accord with your hobby the Lord Jesus Christ. And that's where we want to direct ourselves and our children and our whole existence to let's read the next quotation. Oh yeah I can finish off that one. All of our worries, our fastings, our stewings, our arguings, our tempers and all these things pass away. You see it? What is the fruit of the spirit? We have planted. You see, there's a fruit of the spirit and there's a gift of the spirit. Many times we we confuse these things that the the gift of the spirit then we think we've got the fruits. No, the fruit of the spirit. The Bible says uh what does the Bible say? Love, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience. There is those are the fruits of the spirit. So no matter what church you belong to, what you have done or what you have done. Did you hear that? So we must never judge people based on what they have done whether good or bad because it is a spirit in that person is the fruits. If I judge brother Isaac because he made 100 million songs that are so beautiful and I start to put him on a pedestal. I start to to elevate him. He's bigger than everyone here. When when he comes we all we all stand. Brother Isaac, can you see that is wrong? Because we are doing based on what our brothers doing. If our brother came through that door and he was wearing rags and everything, we wouldn't do that. We would just say, "Hey, brother Kuban, just sort that man out, please." Can you see? So, the same thing if someone does something wrong and you know it, it's not for me and for you to judge that person based on what they did or did not do. the spirit. Can you see love, longsuffering? I think you know all this. Anyway, I'll jump to the next quotation and see what I wanted to share with you. That's that's that's quotation number three. Excuse me. And I only have six. So, I'm halfway through. Yeah. So this one the prophet says here just trying to emphasize this point of our position as Christians and how it really connects with our position. He says here if you can't love your enemy no matter what you say about you and no matter what he says about you your neighbor no matter what he says about you if your heart if from your heart not with your lips not with your knowledge that you should be doing it as a Christian. No, no. But something in your heart makes you love them anyway, regardless of what they say. That that is then it's time you come to the altar. If you can't do that, it's time you come to the altar again. You you just never quite quite got what you thought you had or what really you should have heard. You see, because you want to love them by lips. Oh, I hate to say that. That's brother Brendon saying that. But yet, it hurt me to know that here's people right here that lives are living with me. Dot dot dot. And I said this morning, if I was hungry, maybe you are living out there out here in a little place with a few biscuits on that on the table. Your children hungry. You'll split them for me. That's right. It has me. But my lovely beloved friends, I don't do it to be indifferent. I do it because that you believe. I I do this because that I know you love me and you you have been you have seen the spirit of God working. And then in doing this and you loving me and me knowing what's truth and seeing a danger line and don't warn you of it, I'll become a false shepherd. Did you see that? The reason why he's saying this, he's saying if I love you, I will tell you my attitude, my behavior. I'll love you and I'll tell you with love and with compassion, with an intention of removing or or showing you what the word of God says. I won't just keep quiet. It is wrong not to tell your brother doing something. And it's also wrong to tell them with the wrong spirit. As Christians, we know that. So actually that is just a point on the side. I I cannot link it to the position but it said in the message of the position of a believer in Christ the the believer's position in Christ and Christ will only meet the believer. Now this is now it can sounds hard this one but but it's the truth. Maybe brother Ben will find a way to to put the syrup to put a syrup or or some lubrication. But I know you are capable by the grace of God to understand what the man of God is trying to say. It's not me. He says the the believer's position is in Christ. You see, and Christ will only meet the believer. Then it's just dot dot dot. I think it got cut there. And Christ will only meet the believer. Agree. He said the position of a believer is in Christ. And the Christ will only meet the believer. Dot dot dot. So the part got cut. You can feel the missing words. I don't want to feel it for you. But then he says the believer can only worship Christ as he is positionally placed. Positionally placed. You can only worship God. I don't believe you get it. I don't believe you get it. He says, "Brother, let me go another route. Look, a believer cannot worship or has no right to worship dot dot dot. Again, it got cut. No man has no man has no right to worship the Lord outside of being in the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. Did you know that? So, I'm trying to show you that being in your position in the body is so important. is so crucial for us to let the Lord show us our place in the body and go according to what we are positionally placed to do and live like that. Anyway, I'll pass. There's two classes of people. He says two classes. This is in the message manifestation of the spirit. There's you know what I find in traveling. I say this with humbleness. I find two classes of people. One the fundamental, the other one the full gospel. They are both fine fine wonderful classes of people. Both of them. But here is the trouble. The fundamental knows what they are position that they are positionally in Christ. The fundamentals they know but they don't have much faith to exercise it. I know I'm a woman. I love the Lord, but I don't have the faith to believe what he's telling me. That's the fundamental. Now, on the other hand, the full gospel, they've got plenty of faith. They've got plenty of faith, but they don't know what they are at them. them. They don't know where exactly they are in terms of position. That's what brother Brandham says. So we the two sides are fine, but they must just be combined and be found in me and you. Just like a man who's got a lot of money in the bank, but they don't know how to write a check. and the other man has got a lot of has got no money in the bank but he knows how to write the check. That's how it is with these two groups. And those groups we mustn't find with any of them. We must find with both of them inside me last one. Keep working. Just keep walking. That's why I thought brother Isaac is defeated. Footprint. Footprints is a position. Footprints. That is why I I recorded this week on my phone. Footprints on the sense of times poem. It's just so powerful. You see, we have been here with you seven years. But we have been walking on this thing called life. the sense of time. You're going you you're seeing our footsteps on the sense of time and we will go maybe many many years you haven't seen us hopefully not but you remember that one year there was a brother called there was a brother called Isaac and I can see his footsteps on the sense of time and that's what we are doing for one another. What footprints am I leaving? I will only leave the right footprints if I'm in my position. There's a brother who called Graeme. I've met him so many times. What a humble brother. What did his life do for me? How did I benefit him or how did he what did I get? What God meant for me to meet him? Because we don't meet for no reason. When we meet, you must know that that person you meet and you don't tell them about Jesus Christ. You may be seeing them for the last time. You may never see them. And he didn't tell them about the Lord. We are blessed. We see each other every Sunday. But life is so fast. The footsteps on the sense of time. Keep walking. Why should you keep walking? Because if you stop, you lose possession. You lose your possession. and you are very likely to lose your position. Keep walking. Let me read it for you. It's from the message called El Shadai 60 August. He says here, "No sir, they had a fight every inch of the way." Talking about Joshua. Joshua and Caleb, they had a fight. That's right. But they had the promise of victory. You have the promise, brother and sister. You have the promise of victory. God told Joshua, "Wherever the souls of your food tread that I have given you." &gt;&gt; No debate about it. &gt;&gt; You have the victory. It's given to you. It's your possession. &gt;&gt; That victory is given to you. You have been told before the game starts by the referee. Let's say he told you that ah don't worry guys, you I'll make sure your group wins. You have the victory. You just just have to keep on playing Jono. You hear that my boy? Keep on walking. He says here footprints. So footprints meant possession for them. Remember that sister in the wheelchair footprints means position. Every time the soles of your feet touches, that's it. That's much. Take that much ground. Hallelujah. I want to stop here. Tonight is my last service. The Lord willing. But I just wanted you to know that there are footprints on the sense of time. And then me and you, we leave them. We leave them for Lilia. We leave them for Giovanni. We leave them for Thea. We leave them for Daniel and for Fi and for Rebecca. Yes, Rebecca. We leave them for Gabby. We leave them for Dave and for Dead Dy. the footsteps and the sense of time. Let's not lose position because the way we walk, they are going to look at those footsteps and not only them if the Lord tries the ones after them. So, we've got such a powerful thing. The same way that Joshua got the he saw the footsteps on the sent of time of Moses, he knew that I'm going to walk like this. Whether I die or I leave, I'm going to keep walking. Please, let's stand on our feet as we invite brother Ben. But then I want you not to forget this to walk in position. Then you won't lose your possession. We will keep our possession. As brother Ben comes, let's say, we walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. Walk where the J drops. Sorry for the musicians, please come of mercy. Oh, shine all around us. It's actually sounding very good without instruments for a little bit. Oh, his eyes are the light of Oh, we walk in the light. Oh, such a beautiful light. Oh, come way. [Music] [Music] I [Music] Jesus the light of the world. Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad Revelation puts you in position to possess all things? Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Abraham says his blood, the blood of the Lord Jesus puts us in speaking terms with with God. It puts us in that condition. Amen. We can come boldly for the throne of grace. Thank you, brother Paul. Amen. We just keep our position. We can possess all things. God bless you. Appreciate that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's um you can have your seats um tonight. Amen. And we're just going to just going to read through the prayer requests. There's quite a list tonight. We know our God is more than able. So I'm just going to start reading these. I think after we read, &gt;&gt; no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. [Music] And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, [Music] I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. Death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promise keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. [Music]
