################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - 150625 - The Great Controversy God In Man - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    150625 - The Great Controversy: God In Man - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJapr4vFyGo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] God bless you all this morning. It's good to be here. It's good to be alive. Who's happy to be alive this morning? [Music] Amen. We live in a we live in an age a time where you know there's everyone seems to be fighting and when you think about it you you realize that Jesus calls himself the prince of peace and and one of the fruits of the spirit there's love there's joy then there's peace you know so so a a um result of the spirit of god being present and invited and and amongst anything is is peace and unity and harmony but namely peace like like in a home when a when the spirit of God is in control there will be peace in the home but but you know when you take away that peace in the heart of man is like hatred wrath you know that's that's the natural way that the heart of man will go it's wicked so that's why at the end time there's just going to be more and more wars because it's just there's no peace. So when you take away, you know, when you reject the prince of peace, you get you get man starting to do what man does best without the spirit of God, and that's fight and be at war and be angry and, you know, well, you did that to me, I'll do that to you. It's it's just in the heart of man. I shouldn't say this, but Dave's got his van and he one of our one other family member crashed it for him and the one of the lights doesn't work in the front. So, we've got to get it we're getting it fixed cuz it's all this insurance claim. But you have to drive at night on high beam. So, so I tell him, let's try not to drive that thing at night cuz we're getting the claims through. We got to fix all the front cuz the lights don't If you turn the lights on low beam, they don't go. So, you got to put it on high beam. So the funny thing with human nature is like if someone's high beaming me, I'm like I just give them a bit of a high beam. Just maybe they don't know, but I just then I go low and be high beam. Who cares, you know? Whatever. Just high beam me. But 95% of people will go high beam the whole way. That's it. You're going to high beam me, I high beam you. Take that. You know, that's what's in the heart of man. You do that to me, I'll do that back to you. You know, we just and I but I had to laugh because the Bible says God takes the crafty at his own craftiness or that, you know, he there was one time where there was about a line of like six cars coming towards me. And I was like, man, I'm in for it now. I'm going to highbeam. This was last night. I'm going I'm going to highbeam all these six cars in a big row. But nobody high beam me back cuz I and I realized because the guy at the back if he high beams he's going to be high beaming the guy in front of him as well. You know when you think about it you think God is also there's if you think about that little lesson God also makes the crafty not be able to do things because of something else. So they can't they can't achieve their their purpose. You know he couldn't high beam me cuz he's like well I'm going to be high beaming the guy in front of me too. as much as angry as I am. Often the Lord will do that. He'll people like like when when a when a man's ways please the Lord, he'll make even his enemies to be at peace with him. You know, the Lord can make even your enemies can't get to you. The Lord will just manipulate a situation where they can't actually be like, I want to get him, but I can't. You know, like the devil, I want to get him, but I can't or her, but I can't. Praise the Lord. Let's understand this morning. And don't worry about a thing. The Bible says you'll hear of wars and rumors of wars. He said, "See that you be not troubled." In other words, don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Keep doing what you're doing. It's it's it's going to get worse before it gets better. Don't worry about it. Just walk in what the Lord's called you in. If you're called to go work here, go work there. Called to plant potatoes there, plant them there. Don't worry about it. You're either going to die or go on a rapture. Don't worry about it. Don't lose sleep over it. We just keep serving the Lord in the capacity that he's told us to. Amen. Lord, we just come to you this morning and we thank you, Lord, that we can be at peace. We have the prince of peace in our midst this morning, Lord. And I pray you'll give each one peace this morning, Lord, and unity and there be there be peace and love and unity amongst us, Lord. As we see in the world, it's going the opposite where there's just where there's there's more and more hate and strife, Lord. But we thank you this morning that we can have love in our hearts. We can love each other. We can be at peace at peace with you, at peace with each other, Lord. And we can be peacemakers this morning. May each one here, Lord, learn to be a peacemaker in every situation that we're in. You said, "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God, Lord." So, may we all be peacemakers in our in every situation, Lord. May help us to be peacemakers, not to create strife and that, but to create peace wherever we can, Lord. And if we're the opposite, just give us grace, Lord, to be peacemakers in each situation. So, we just want to commit the service to you. We thank you that we can have an opportunity to worship you this morning, Lord. We just commit the service to you in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Who's feeling good this morning? You good? Amen. Oh, some glad morning. When this life is over, I fly away to my home on God's celestial shore. I fly I'll fly away. Oh, fly away. Oh, gloria, fly away. No, I won't die. Hallelujah. Bye. Fly away. War in the shadows. In the shadow of this life have grown. I fly away like cover from prison head has blown out. I'll fly away. Oh fly away. Oh glor I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away [Music] with the more weary days. And then I fly away to a land where joy shall never end. I'll fly. I'll fly away, oh Gloria. Fly away, oh glory [Applause] [Music] away. Hallelujah. My way. My way. My way. My way. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. My way. I'll fly my way. Oh, fly away. Oh, glory. Fly away. [Applause] I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Amen. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. It is full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. All the has never been. It is joy is joy unspeakable glory of glory of glory speak I found his Grace is all peace every day. While I sit and learn at Jesus I am free and free in it is joy. It is joyful glory full of glory. Full of glory. It is truly unspeakable and glory on the heart has never been. I found the treasure I was great. It is joy and peace within me. What a wonderous blessing. I am safe from the awful crossing. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] as heavy. I found so bright in the realm of grace for the Savior's presence is on me. I can see his smile. Oh, joy is joy. I glory [Applause] full glory and the heart has never yet been told. I have found the joy no time can tell. Now his waves of glory roll. It is like a rain springing up within my soul. It is joy is joyful. Glory to glory. Glory is joyful. Heat. Heat. Amen. Wherever the Lord is, there is glory. Amen. You can take your seats this morning. We have a testimony and a special from Sister Pauling. And then after that, we have a special from um Sister Stephanie. Shalom, saints. I've got a a short testimony. Um, it's short because I'm sort of going to summarize it because I don't want to go too much into details. Um I want to to thank God for um the miracle that he has done. Um we went to South Africa in December, came back in January and I've got my eldest son there uh whom I was supposed to come back with and I told him that no, we're not going back with you because you still have up until February 2026 to be in New Zealand. Um then we left him came to New Zealand. Um we were trying to um get tickets for him to come this side. I had sister happy trying to help. We were both looking for the cheaper um tickets. So I'm checking on my side. She's checking on my on his on her side. Um I called immigration on separate matter to ask about something and when I called them I discovered that uh I called them on the 12th of February. To my surprise my son's visa had expired on the 10th of February. So I only found out then. So you you can imagine the the shock uh that you had this opportunity to have this person here in New Zealand. Um had I known if it was the issue of money, I mean money could have been organized, it could have been borrowed to get him here, but I knew that no, he still has time. And two days later, I discovered that he doesn't have time anymore. And there was nothing that could be done um based on his age and a whole lot of things. Um because Tepe was part of you know the people who was trying to organize the uh the tickets. She was the first person to know or my husband was there. I I remember not even being able to finish the conversation with whoever that I was talking to. Um just after I realized what I have done, my husband had to come from the bedroom and finish the conversation. So um to cut the the long story short, it was an impossible situation, completely impossible. Um I remember calling Sister Vanessa and when I called Sister Vanessa, she said to me, it was on a Wednesday. I still remember she said to me, "You're going to go to church today?" Cuz she asked, "Are you coming to church?" I'm like, "I'm the way I'm feeling right now. I don't even think that I'm going to make it to the Wednesday service." She said to me, "You are coming." And she was not asking. It was an instruction. You are coming to the service. You are going to go to the front and ask uh for prayer. And that's exactly what I did. um brother Isaac on I can't remember the same one that day but I remember he made a testimony um on the same Wednesday that testimony was talking about um their trip how difficult or the challenges that they had to face when they went to stay in China that testimony was for me as well because it's it's very rare that uh we come and we open up the service with a testimony. So it was a word of encouragement in that situation. Not a lot of people knew about what was happening. There are two or three learnings from this whole thing. I think the first one was that because I I felt that I made a lot of mistakes. There was a lot of I could have, I shouldn't have. and and um I was told that you' not look at yourself uh keep on looking above the situation and God will do the miracle. I think that was the first thing that came out of this. For the few people who knew what was happening, the second lesson for me was where the caucuses the eagles gather. I saw everybody just coming in. Um, I even laughed and this is me laughing before I know what the outcome is going to be. It's me laughing that the devil, you thought that you are punching me, but I saw my sisters coming and fighting like you can't have one of our own. They took the battle upon themselves as if it's their own. None of you knows who my son is. You've never even met him. But people took it personal um to make sure that they pray for me. Um the third lesson from this is that um God can use anyone everything to the glory of his name. When Pastor Ben was praying, I didn't hear a lot of things because of where I was at the time, but I remember him saying, "God, you make kings." I think it's there's a scripture that talks about that in Daniel uh where it says, "You make kings." And that one was in reference of Nebuchadnezzar. And in this case, brother Ben was saying, "God, you make kings. Whoever is involved in this situation to turn this around, you are more than able to use that person. I'm standing here with my son having a visa um that has been granted and I can tell you believers that this was an impossible situation. If you want the details, I can um tell you about it after this. So, I have got a song uh to sing with my sisters here that says um if you've got any rivers that you think that are impossible, uncrossable, God is more than able to make a way through those for us. Amen. [Music] [Music] I know nothing. [Music] The doors [Music] heat. Go any rivers you think are uncrossable. Go any mountains you can't tell. God specializes in things the impossible [Music] and he will do what no other power can do. Be of good courage to Joshua. And over there must not point away [Music] uncrossable things are impossible. What does divide? [Music] Have you got any rivers you think across the world? You go and you want you can't t Oh yeah things are impossible [Music] and will do no I can do [Music] they would be the obstacle car was to passful to the right. God never failed his stomach was to cross as they might. Hallelujah. [Music] You think God cross the world heavy and you want you to turn through all this impossible. [Music] God is the same and his word is dependable. He'll make a way through the water as for you. Life situation by mountains and hills. He will fight for you. Any rivers you think are closer. Love you. You can't do his specializ. Have you think I cross them? Everybody on his special [Music] you will do what But any rivers you think every mountain you can't hallelujah impossible we will do what the world [Music] [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. You can take your seats again. Sorry, sisters. I couldn't help. I just had to join in. I wish I could tell my just so many you have moved you have led me through. And it's only by your grace that I'm standing here today. I'm a witness to your faithfulness in every storm and every step looking back. Never wanted to let me go. And no matter what the future holds, you're working for my good. I know you are faithful. I never walk alone. My life is full of miracles. All that you're healed. All that you can't forget. So even if my life doesn't go, I can handle how I feel to reach the edge. I'm a witness to your faithfulness. And every stone and every step will give back. Never want to let me go. And no matter what the future holds, you're working for my God. I know you are faithful. Don't never walk alone. I never walk alone. Nothing and no one can separate me. Oh, you go behind me and before me. Oh, nothing and no one can separate me. Cuz every moment I know you are with me. I'm a witness to your faithfulness in every storm and every step looking back. Never want to let me go. And no matter what the future holds, you're working for my good. I know you are faithful. I'll never walk alone. I never walk alone. [Music] Amen. [Music] Let's stand this morning. We'll just do a few more songs this morning just before Brother Ben comes up. This one you may not know, but I just feel like singing it this morning [Music] and the doors won't open and the well looks dry. My prayers all go unanswered. And the smile fades and the tears they fall. And all I care for on my should. I'll lift my hand. I'll raise my hand. And I'll defend you, Lord of all. I'll lift my voice and I will sing unto you the glorious king. Jesus almighty powerful savior. To you I pour out my praise. Oh, in mercy and justice collide in a fusion of grace. You're the rain in the desert, the snow in the harst. In every season you reign. For you are the ancient of days and you're worthy of praise. When it don't come easy, everything seems broken. I try singing, but my mouth just won't hold. I still believe all the words you have spoken. It's just sometimes it's hard to sing when I'm still cold. But I forget that all my butth [Music] be found in you. I lift my voice and I will sing unto you the glorious king. Lord Jesus Almighty, powerful Savior. To you I pour out my praise. Your mercy and justice collide of grace. You're the rain in the desert. The snow in the harst in every season you reign. You are the ancient of days and you're worthy of praise and everything. Everything comes from your hand. And you declare a beating heart. All creation declares your glory. [Music] Kingdoms will cease at your word. But our tears of repentance secure redeeing grace from your heart of mercy. Lord Jesus, almighty, powerful savior, to you I pour out my praise. Your mercy and justice glad inusion of rain. Cure the rain in the desert, the snow in the harst. In every season you reign. Oh, you are the ancient of days and you're worthy of praise. Oh Jesus almighty Jesus almighty powerful savior. To you I pour out my praise. Your when mercy and justice collide in a fusion of grace. You're the rain in the desert, the snow in the harvest. In every season you reign. Oh Lord, you are the ancient of days and you're worthy of praise. [Music] Halter [Music] your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of the earth will grow strange dim for in the light of his glory and grace. Turn your eyes. [Music] Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. Turn your eyes or turn your eyes upon Jesus. [Applause] Beautiful in his wonderful face. And the things of the earth will grow strange in the light of his glory and grace. Oh, turn your eyes. Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look for in his wonderful face. And the things of the earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory and grace. [Music] Amen. Aren't you glad you can turn away from the world? Look to him like brother preach a sermon looking away to Jesus. Don't look at the problems of this world. Look away to him. He's the answer. Nothing else will solve it. Only him. Amen. So, praise God. Thank you, musicians. Thank you, brother Isaac. Amen. Good morning, everyone. Great to have here. Amen. Like to welcome Pedon, Elana, and the children. God bless you. Great to have you. Amen. And it's also Elana's birthday. Happy birthday. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know where sister Plling was sharing um the testimony you know brother oni just told me before he said you know it was more than just the visa that was canceled his residency was cancelled immigration told them this has never been been done before the renewal everything that he can come never been done before unprecedented our God specializes in impossible circumstances amen praise the Lord so it's a yeah go go go ask him about the details incredible things but God turns the hearts of whosoever he will that his will will be done. Amen. So, we thank God for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's go to the scripture this morning. Um we're going to go to John chapter 10 and yeah, we're going to read from verses 27 down to verse 38. Then we're going to go to Isaiah 53. Amen. Trust everyone's warm inside. Amen. Your hearts are burning with the Holy Ghost. Joy unspeakable, full of glory. Maybe cold on the outside. Better be cold outside than inside, eh? Amen. You don't want to be cold on the inside. Ain't worth it. Amen. Now, John 10:27. Okay. Amen. It says, "My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me and I'll give unto them eternal life and they shall never perish. Neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. My father which gave them me is greater than all and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. I and my father are one." Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him. Jesus answered them, "Many good works have I showed you from my father. For which of those works do you stone me?" The Jews answered him, saying, "For a good work we stone thee not, but for blasphemy, because that thou being a man, makest thyself God?" Jesus answered them, "Is it not written in your law?" I said, "Ye are gods. And if he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came, and the scripture could not be broken. Say ye of him whom the father hath sanctified and sent into the world. Thou blasphemst because I say I am the son of God. If I do not the works of my father, believe me not. But if I do, though ye believe me not, believe the works, that ye may know and believe that the father is in me and I in him. The greatest controversy ever is God and man. It's still the same today. Let's go to Isaiah 53 and verse one and we're just going to read down to verse verse 6 here. Amen. I'm sure we could probably recite this from memory. Powerful scriptures says here, "Who hath believed our report? And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground. He hath no form, nor comeliness, that when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows, and antiqu acquainted with grief, and we hid as it was as it were our faces from him. He was despised and we esteemed him not. Surely he had borne our griefs and carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. And the chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray. And we have turned everyone to his own way. And the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer this morning. If you want to be remembered, just want to slip your hand up. Say, "Lord, remember me. Don't pass me by this day." Amen. Gracious heavenly father. Lord, you see all the hands that are raised. Lord, we all want a personal meeting with you today. Lord, we don't just want to come to church and go through a religious work. Lord, we want to spend time with you, dear God. That you would impart to us your word. You would change us from glory to glory. Father, you'd increase our faith. You'd mold us in more into your image, Lord. You'd have your way. You'd be glorified in our lives. That's our desire, Lord. We've come to worship you in spirit and in truth. So, I pray, Father, may your great presence, Lord. May Lord we just want to invite you to our pew where we're sitting now Lord have a have a conversation with us Lord change our lives forever father may you meet every need Lord every hand that's raised Lord you know what the need is behind the hand Lord I don't I pray you'd meet every need touch every life those who are streaming as well Lord be our abundant portion this day we love you Lord we thank you we ask you to anoint speaker and hear one more time that you'd have preeminence in our lives Lord in Jesus Christ's name amen amen God bless you friends you can have your seats this So, as I said, the the great the great controversy has always been God in man. How could God be in man? How could the holy, almighty, eternal God dwell behind flesh? That's always been the that's always been the controversy down through the ages. And it is the same controversy today. Now, you know, there's always been uh there's always been a a thing, you know, where uh maybe we'll just go to here. You know, last Sunday was Pentecost Sunday. So, it was however many years since the day of Pentecost where God came and dwelt in his church. And so, there's always been this thing where where you know the thing is people believe the Holy Ghost dwells in people. Even the Catholics believe the Holy Ghost is in his church. But the thing is what happens is um so that that phrase is not controversial to really any denomination of of church. But when you say the almighty dwells in you, that's where it becomes a controversy because as I said even the Catholics believe the Holy Ghost is is is in a believer. But you know what happens is subconsciously is the church world has made the Holy Ghost not the almighty God. They have made him the third person of the godhead at best or positive energy at worst good vibes. That's what the church world has made the Holy Ghost dwelling in people. It's far more than that. Now, this may seem very elementary, but I I pray it' be very impactful where you really dwell believe or really realize who's in me. It's more than a religious spirit. It's more than a church system, more than a denomination, more than a good vibe or good feeling or some fuzzy wuzzies going on. No, it's God himself that made heaven and earth dwells in man. Hallelujah. Amen. So the same one that said, "Let there be sun, moon, and stars comes and dwells in his church." Now, this has always been a controversy. It was a controversy at the council of Na. That's part of why they had that council was to iron out was God, was Jesus God or was he man or was he both? This was a big So, it's always been a controversy. And then even there in Jesus' day where it's amazing how, you know, they did not stone or they did not want to stone Jesus for the good works he did, you know, for the miracles he did, the healings and all those things he did. They did not want to stone him for that. But because he said, "I and my father are one. When you see me, you see the father." Now the bride should be able to say the same thing. When you see the believer, you should be able to say you can see the father. Now, that may be a big statement to some, but it's actually what the Bible, that's what the gospel actually teaches. The gospel is God would sanctify a people to dwell in. That's the purpose of Calvary. It's nothing less. I mean, if you if you got anything less than that, you've missed the whole thing. Amen. But if God himself dwells in you by him, sanctifying you by his blood, making you holy that you can he can dwell in you, dwell in your soul, then that's the gospel. Amen. That's the only uh you know that's you know that's the most most simple way of putting it. But you see now the problem is it's always the veil. It's the outside that stumbles people. Here was a man here was a man from Galilee. He wasn't rich. He wasn't he didn't look different to anyone else. We just read there in Isaiah 53 that when we saw him there's no form or clumliness when we see him there's no beauty that we should desire him. you know, you see many older, you know, paintings of Jesus or even children's Bibles and they make him 6 foot blonde hair and looking different than the rest of the Jews around him. He looked exactly the same. He didn't look like a king outwardly. He didn't look like some great man. He was a He was a homeless man. He He didn't have a place to lay his head. He was a homeless man on the street. But yet, it was God made flesh. Amen. It was the Almighty God dwelling in man. It was Emmanuel, God with us. So you see this is what they stumble at is they is they saw the outwards um outward and they thought how on earth could this man say I and my father are one and you see it's always the veil that stumbles people and it even but I could say the veil can even stumble the believer in their own selves. It's the wrestle with the veil that's the problem. But really let's forget let's move on from the veil. Let's move on from the wrapping. The wrapping shouldn't dictate what's on the inside. The inside should dictate to the wrapping who lives, who controls who, what lives, what manifests, what attitude comes out. It's not the veil that matters. It's not the wrapping, it's the inside. Amen. It's like the tabernacle in the wilderness, it had four actually four layers of wrapping. So, it's the best word I can think of right now. The outside was badger skins, you know. So, when you saw the tabernacle in the wilderness, you you wouldn't see something that was really an incredible kind of a structure. Here's a tent. Let's just say it for what it is. It's a tent, right? It's wrapped in badger skins on the outside. Sure, there's the ark and there's everything on the inside. But if you look at it from the outside, you say, "What's so great about this?" Imagine if we were back there however many thousand years and you know, we come to the outside of the host of Israel and somehow they let us in to actually have a look, not to go inside. We wouldn't be allowed to, but even just view this structure that's on the inside of their camp. And they and they begin to tell us that the Lord God Almighty that made you lives in this building. Amen. We've seen him do many miraculous things, but he lives in this. He lives in this structure. And maybe in our minds we think some great grand temple of stone and marble and some incredible, you know, structure. But then the closer you get to it, maybe carnally you'd feel the more underwhelmed because it's a tent. But on the inside, it's the inside that counts. You never judge a book by its cover. You never judge your own book by its cover. Amen. No, you judge it by the contents, the word written in the heart, the Holy Ghost manifesting the word in our lives. That's what you judge the book by. Amen. So, it's a bunch of badger skins. Think of a badger. You think of a badger, you know, it's not a nice kind of a creature. You know, you think of like a honey badger in South Africa, man. They get into everything. They rim wreck. They do all kinds of things. You know, that's a badger nature. So God is going to take something that's got a kind of a mean kind of a vicious nature and wrap himself with it. But that nature is not going to rule what's on the inside. Amen. The badger skin nature did not rule that there was mercy in there. The atonement was made in there. God came down in there and spoke to his people in there. It didn't change any of those things. Are you with me today? Amen. Because that that represents you by the way. Okay? Remember God Moses saw the pattern in heaven. and he made it upon the earth and it's actually the building is actually represents the human you and I. So it's not the badger skin. We get so caught up in the badger skin. Forget this thing. This thing needs changing. Amen. It's like you know what what what difference actually happened to all of the badger skin when when oh wait oh yeah I got to do it here. Now now we got the pillar of fire above that same tent. The badger skin remained the same badger skin. It didn't become a super material. It didn't become something different. It didn't become gold linen or some kind of fancy pressure. Some of you looking at me like I'm a bit crazy here, but it stayed bad skin. It stayed exactly the same material, same weave, same hair, same whatever. It remained the same. But the difference was almighty God was now in behind the badger skin. And it's the same thing with you and I. Same old badger skin. That's why we there there's nothing different between us and the people in the world humanly, right? Sure, there's that gene seed of God on the inside of our soul, but same old tent, different person living in the house, though. Amen. Completely different kind of a person. Same tent. You know, there probably would have been other other tents that had a bad skin covering, but the tabernacle was different cuz God was in it. Amen. And that's the difference between you you and and and someone else who does not have the Holy Ghost dwelling on the inside is the fact that you got deity in humanity. Now, deity behind badger skins as opposed to just a badger skin. Now, if you just got a badger skin nature, that thing will riick and go wild and do crazy stuff and be a badger. But if that's been killed and stretched out and surrendered to God and God dwells in it, then deity will rule the badger skin. We get so caught up in bad skin problems. The solution is not trying to iron out the badger skin. It's not trying to repair the badger skin and make it look younger and oil the badger skin and whatever they do to keep it maintained. It's not about that. That ain't going to help you. It's no deity dwelling behind the badger skin is what really fixes every single problem. Amen. He is the solution to every problem. You got to realize this. Psychology wants to fix the badger skin. You ain't going to fix it. That's why this world is falling fallen apart. That's why families have fallen apart. All kinds of things are broken because people have been fixated on the skin and not what's on the inside of the skin. On the inside. Amen. So, we could easily look at this and say, "Almighty God dwelt in there." That's not controversial at all to anyone, Catholic, whatever. Almighty God, creator of heaven and earth came down, dwelt between the cherubam wings on top of the mercy seat. He was there in there. But then when you say now that same one is in you, that same God, not a lesser God. Remember the Holy Ghost is not some religious spirit. This is already in my notes. Pedro, we were talking about this last night. I was already wanting to talk about these things. You see, the the Holy Ghost is not some religious spirit that's with equal power to the devil and then it's whoever you dictate to wins. No, the Holy Ghost is the almighty God who conquered hell, death, and the grave who is victorious in every situation that you know the devil's completely defeated. So it's not like they have equal power. The devil has no power. The only power he has is deception to try and trick you into something. But he has no power in himself. But God made you. God made the universe. God made all things. And he dwells amen where in the heart of the believer. Amen. So you got to remember flawlessness is not perfection. Many people think, well, if I've got a flawless life, I must be made perfect in Christ. No, same badge of skins. They weren't flawless. They were badger skins, right? So, a flawlessness is not perfection. We, you know, you we get this idea in our mind when I'm really in this kind of this plane of everything's fine and nothing troubles me and I'm never upset and I never have a bad day and you know, family is picture perfect. there's no problems or conflicts or you know conflicts or issues then I've I'm there. It ain't the case. It ain't the case because perfection is not flawlessness. Perfection is being covered in the blood sealed by the Holy Ghost. That is perfection. Amen. Cuz we're we're always going to be this bad skin will be changed one day. But in the meantime, we're living in it. Amen. But I don't believe the badger skin is any excuse to stop God living. Amen. It didn't stop God dwelling in the tabernacle. Same old skin. I I'm probably want to emphasize this bit because you know there's a problem is things can rise up and people can diminish the power of God to overcome all things. I think we've got to actually elevate God to really who he really is. Amen. Give him praise due unto his name as the scripture says. And he has the name above all names. I mean there's nothing. What's going on here? I'm getting a bit pinned. I don't know. Okay, maybe I'll take this off. I'm being all hooked up. Amen. But the bride of Jesus Christ is unhooked. I think I'm good now. I don't know. God bless good deacons, eh? Always here to sort me out. Thank you. Amen. But you see, you know, perfection is Christ dwelling in you. Praise the Lord. Amen. But you see, the devil has always misunderstood where God is. Amen. When Jesus was led to the um you know into the wilderness to be tempted, he says, "If thou be the son of God," you see, the devil wasn't sure. He didn't say, "I know you're the son of God. If you be, prove it. Show me something." Because he wasn't sure. He wasn't It wasn't 100% in his mind, yes, this is Messiah. Cuz he looked like anyone else. It was the badger skins that stumbled him. Amen. It's the badger skins that will stumble him with you, your humanity. Cuz how could God, remember, he's been in the presence of God. He seen God on his throne in his majesty. He thinks, "How on earth can that great God come and dwell in a people such as you and I?" How could he do it? It just doesn't make sense to him. Because he's higher than the heavens, greater than the great. Even the angels are dirty in his sight. That's how holy he is. So, how on earth could that same God come and dwell in a people born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies? How could God be veiled behind those kind of people? See, he does not understand the power of the blood. I mean, he does not s understand the cleansing, delivering power of the blood of Jesus Christ. He doesn't fathom it. He doesn't understand how that could have such power to cleanse a person. Amen. To dethrone Satan out of their lives and cleanse them so the holy God can dwell in a people. Amen. And make them holy. See, it's not us that's holy. It's the holy God in the people that make the people holy. Amen. Praise the Lord. says, "If thou be the son of God, if thou be." And then when Jesus comes to the end of his earthly ministry, if I can put it this way, he's hanging on the cross and that same devil is now in the scribes and Pharisees inspiring them to say, "If thou be the son of God, come off the cross and then we'll believe you." He was still looking for something to, you know, to see how could how could this be God? But it was. And it is. Hallelujah. Jesus would be asked, he would be um uh tested by the um scribes and Pharisees about playing about paying taxes to Caesar. And then so he asked for a penny and on that penny's got the got the um image of Caesar on it. So here was the image of the invisible God holding up the image of Caesar on a coin. And the religious leaders who should have known who God was could identify Caesar's image, but they could not identify the image of God in flesh. They stumbled at it because he looks so common. He looks so normal. Is everyone here today? Yeah. I just We Okay. Yep. Because this parallels with you. Amen. You say, "Well, that was God and his son." Well, God's in his bride. Same God, not a lesser God, not a different God. He's the same God. Amen. It says in John, "In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory. The glory is the only begotten of the father full of grace and truth. John could write this because the veil didn't stumble him because he was part of part of God. Right? Now the word became flesh. That that great being became flesh. The one who filled all time and space, the eternal one became flesh and dwelt among them. I don't think it's too far to say and that same word becomes flesh in you. Remember the difference is Jesus did not need redeeming. Right? We're not saved. Brother Bam even makes a statement, you know, he says um he says he says we're not saved by we're not saved by Jewish blood. We're not saved by Gentile blood. No, it was the blood of God that was shed. Amen. It wasn't a gentile. We're not saved. You know, he says here about, you know, how Billy Graham would stand there and say, "Yeah, I've um, you know, I worship one of your children." Talking to the Jews. But, Brother Graham said, you know, I'm glad you can stand there in that power and speak that way and have that testimony. But he was not a Jew. He was not a Jew. He was God, Emmanuel. God became flesh. I'm laboring these points because I want you to see because because people say, "Well, what's the difference in between Jesus and you and I?" He was God. He did not need redeeming. He was the He is the redeemer. Amen. He did not need salvation. Did not need to surrender his life and be clean. Cleansed and clean. No, he was the cleaner. Amen. He was the cleanser, the redeemer. The one who could washes wash all sin away and transform a people. Amen. So, so that's the difference between us and him. We needed a savior. Amen. Before we needed saving, he was the savior. Amen. We needed redeeming before we Yeah. But he was the redeemer before we needed redeeming. So, he was always there in that manner. Then he became flesh to manifest his redemption. So we're saved by the blood of God. Even the Apostle Paul would say, "Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the church of God which he hath purchased with his own blood." It was the blood of God that was shed. Amen. He cleansed that. So he was dwelling in there to redeem us. Then the same God comes by that cleanses you and dwells in you. Do you say the word has become flesh in his people now? Amen. Says it's far more than a good vibe, a religious spirit. No, this is God dwelling in you and I. God is in his people once again. Amen. Hallelujah. See, it's all about what is behind the skin that matters. That's the only thing that counts. He says, "Now the glory of God is behind your skin." See, it was controversial in Jesus' day, but now we can look back in history and say, "Yes, of course, that was God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself." But now, what about the believer today? You see, since the glory of God was behind his skin to redeem us, but then we needed but in the redeemed now the glory of God is hidden behind our skin. I mean, that's right. And the traditions don't see it. It's inside the veil where his word was. What was on the inside of the skin back there? the old badger skins which there was no beauty that we should desire it and when it was made flesh and dwelt among us there was still no beauty that we should desire it and now the same thing is today there's nothing in a man or a woman that can be desired it's what's behind in there in in behind there that's what it is you say oh that fellow I know he used to be a drunkard he used to be this I don't care what he used to do what's behind that skin it is what's behind there that's what counts that's what the people is blinded the skin blinds the people see you I remember when that woman used to do I know what she used to do. And what about now? See them skins that was once on a badger, but now it's hiding the glory of God. It got God house got it housed behind it. It was on an animal, but now it's housing the glory of God. So So can your skin be changed not to be made a housing place for God? God dwelling in human humanity. Amen. So it doesn't matter what what the veil or the skin started as. It's how it ends up. What's behind it now? Amen. Moses was a murderer. God used him to deliver Israel. He says, "I've heard the cries of my people. I have come down to deliver them and I'm sending you Moses." So what? God stepped into Moses to deliver his people. Amen. Peter was an attempted murderer in the Garden of Gethsemane. That didn't change God's plan for his life. So it's not what we start off as, it's what we end up as that matters. Amen. Because what we end up as is really what we're meant to be. Amen. Peter was not meant to be an attempted murderer, fisherman. No, he was ordained to be the to the to be the apostle with the keys to the kingdom. Right? The woman at the well wasn't ordained to be the woman at the well. She was ordained to be a trophy of God's grace made in his image. Amen. As the bride of Jesus Christ. And so we are the same way. Amen. So let's leave our past behind. Let's leave our current what we think about our veil. Let's put it to one side. Where it's been, what it's done, God don't recognize it. Amen. If it's been confessed under the blood of Jesus Christ, he don't remember. No. That part of, you know, that that part of your life has been wiped away. It's gone. It's not in his memory. It's not in his record. It's not in his archives. Why wrestle with it? Oh, you don't know what I've done. But do you realize what he has done? Do you realize what he has done? You're looking at the wrong person. No. Look at your redeemer. Look what he has done. That's the only thing that ever will stand. Hallelujah. Amen. What does he say here in 2 Corinthians 5? He says, "And what agreement have the temple of God with idols? For ye are the temple of the living God." Amen. As God hath said, I will dwell in them and walk in them. Amen. And I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Amen. So, where's God going to walk? He ain't in the temple no more. He's not in the tabernacle in the wilderness. go. He says, "I want to walk in my people." Amen. When they go to school, I'm walking with them to school. When they go to their job, I'm walking in them to their job. When they go to the supermarket, I'm going to walk in them. Amen. Even into the mall, I'll walk into the mall. Hallelujah. That's why he said, "I'm going to dwell in them. The almighty God," that's why he says here, "Wherefore come out from among them. Be ye separate, sayeth the Lord. Touch not the unclean thing, and I'll receive you." Amen. What? Be spiritually separated from these things. You be in the world but not of the world. And I'll be a father unto you, and you shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty. It's not just a mighty one. The Lord Almighty, supreme one. Amen. Who made all things I'm going to walk in you. That's the power of my blood to cleanse you, to wash all sin away, take sin nature out. Amen. To do such a work in you that I can walk in you. I can dwell in you. Not just anoint you for a season and leave. No. dwelling continuously in you. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You say, "Well, that's pretty far-fetched." No, it's not. Because when when when um you know, Saul was knocked off his high horse on the way to Damascus, Jesus asked him, the bright shining light, you know, spoke to him and says, "Who are you?" He says, "Who are you, Lord?" He says, "I am Jesus whom thou persecuteth." The apostle, you know, Saul wasn't chasing after the pillar of fire trying to find him to put him in jail. He was finding badger skins that he'd been redeemed. He was finding humanity that had been redeemed. Christians that he couldn't, you know, you know, the veil stumbled him, but but he was after them. But who was in them? I'm Jesus whom you're persecuting. You're actually coming against the Lord God Almighty. When you come against his bride, this is what the Lord says about them. He says the same thing about you. Cuz you're the you're under the same blood, under the same atonement. Amen. You're cleansed the same way, filled with the same Holy Ghost. I trust you are. Amen. So it's the same one. So Saul was persecuting Jesus in flesh though he didn't realize it. Jesus is in his people once again. I mean you know like brother Ram says about the he says about the spoonful of the ocean. He says you know cuz people can't fathom how can God be in a people like this. He says all that the water was in him that's comparison with the blessing the measure of the spirit that God gave him. now and his servants and the ministers and we are just a spoonful of the water in comparison to the ocean or the sea. But the same chemicals that's in the whole ocean is in that spoonful too. See? See? So it's got to produce the same thing if it comes from the same place. Amen. So so that big fountain of you know the spirit of God that's in us like he says you take a spoonful you know you take a spoon go to the Pacific Ocean out here the Tasmin Sea you pick it up. the same chemicals, the same quality, the same ability, the same ocean is in the spoon as it is in the ocean. It doesn't diminish because it's now in a different vessel. You see there that you know the you the water in that spoon is exactly the same water. It doesn't become less. It doesn't become weaker. It doesn't become more dilute in power and potency and ability. It doesn't become any of those things when it's in the spoon. It's the same thing with the Holy Ghost. It doesn't become weaker because it's in you. I mean, it's the Lord God Almighty. Remember, it's not just any old spirit. It's God himself. So when he comes and dwells in you, he doesn't get weaker. He doesn't get more feeble. He doesn't get more unable to fulfill his word. He's exactly the same God who stood there and said, "Let there be sun, moon, and stars." And believed his own word, and here it is in front of it. Here it is material, right? That same God comes and dwells in you. Amen. Has the same power, has the same ability, has the same capability to fulfill his word as he was then. Amen. Cuz it's the same God. Why do we diminish? Because the spoon that it's held in, the spoon, right? The vessel that he's in. Why do we diminish him? Because he's in us. I don't know if God can really do it. Is he still God? Does he have the same ability? Can he not move mountains? Can he not do impossible things? I mean, can he not move the hearts of man to change things? There's been people have to leave New Zealand because of less of immigration problems. And here's someone who has never set foot in the country. Impossible. But God moves the hearts of people. And somehow they just say, "This has never been done before, but yes, I'll do it." Hallelujah. Can he not do that in every other circumstance that we're fighting? I mean, can't can't he change hearts of people? Can he not do the impossible? You say, "Well, I can't do it." Of course, you can't do it. You're just the bad skin. But he's the Lord God Almighty. Amen. And if he dwelleth in you, he just wants to take your badger skin lips and speak his word through you. Amen. And then the supernatural will take place. Hallelujah. I like that. Don't you? Praise the Lord. Because therefore, I'm not trusting in me. I'm just the housing. It's the contents that matters. Amen. And with that contents, all things are possible. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. He says, he says here, he says, "I will be with you all the way, even to the end of the world." You know, brother said, "That's a personal pronoun." He says, "You think about it differently, but he says, "No, I Who's that? Jesus Christ, the Lord God Almighty, will be with you till the end of the world." Not a different God, not a lesser God, the same God who made all things. Amen. That's why there's this mystery. says, "Even the mystery which has been hid from the ages and from generations, but is now made manifest to his saints, to whom God hath made known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory." Amen. What is that? The Lord God Almighty in you, the hope of glory. See, it's not a just a religious spirit. I I I want to repeat these things cuz subconsciously by listening to the church world out there, we think that the Holy Ghost is some little errand boy that is not very strong. And no, he's not God, but he is God. He's separate to God, but he's God and he's in me. That makes it okay. But if you say God's in you, that's now heresy. It ain't heresy. It's the gospel that God would dwell in man. The Almighty would dwell in man. Amen. So, so, so this mystery has been made known. This this is what the message of the hour is. Christ in you the hope of glory. Amen. That God would dwell in you, redeem you, cleanse you, manifest his word through you, prove his word through you. Amen. Cuz you think about the same faith. Well, we'll come to it soon. But let's just read this. He says in John 14, I hope you don't mind the reading, but I just want to pack this in because I want to show you I'm not pulling things out of nothing, right? He says, "Even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive." This is the Lord Jesus speaking. Because he it seeth him not, neither knoweth him. But ye know him, for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. I'll not leave you comfortless, I will come to you. Yet a little while and the world seeth me no more, but ye shall see me. Because I live, you shall live also. At that day you shall know that I am in the father and ye in me and I in you. So you're saying that the world won't see me, but you're going to see me. The believer will see Jesus Christ. We'll see the Messiah. will see the resurrected one. Why? Because we live also. He says, "In that day when you see him, you'll know that I am in the Father, and I in you, and you and me." There's a oneness. He that hath my commandments and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me, and he that loveth me shall be loved of my father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. I'm going to reveal myself. I'm going to prove myself to them. Now, the Apostle Paul says this, let's just break down this statement. Nevertheless, so I'm crucified with Christ. Okay, it's no longer me living. Nevertheless, I live. So he says, "This thing is dead, but it's still alive." There's a badge of skin, right? Yet not I, but Christ liveth in me. So he's saying the almighty one lives in me. It's not me living, but I'm living, but it's Christ. So, so his old carnal nature is now gone. as now God has set up residence, right? And the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the son of God. So his life he's now living, he's living by the almighty one dwelling in him. Amen. Amen. And he lives it by the faith of the son of God. So that so that same faith is creation faith. That same faith spoke the universe into existence. That same faith, amen, brought Lazarus from the grave. That same faith, amen, conquered hell, death, and the grave. That same faith cast out devils. That same faith healed the sick. That same faith, amen, brought the word to pass. He says, I'm living by that faith. I'm not just living by a human. I hope it's going to work. No, he's living by that revelation that the Almighty now dwells within him. Amen. Who loved me and gave himself for me. To me, it's a, you know, we can just read the statement, but but if we really see the potency of it, the Apostle Paul's declaring to a world, the Almighty is in me. I'm living by the faith of the son of God. That same faith that said, let there be sun, moon, and stars. He believed his own word and it came material. He's living by that faith. So, it's not just a limited faith. It's an unlimited faith. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now we began in the beginning with John chapter 10 where Jesus said that I and my father are one. Now Jesus would pray in John 17 and now I'm no more in the world but these are in the world and I come to thee holy father keep keep through thine own name those who thou hast given me. Remember he says all that the father has given me will come to me. I have other sheep of this fold that must come in. So he's not just talking about his disciples. He's talking about as believers down through the ages that they may be one as we are. The church world wants to make it a perfect oneness of just a ecumenical interdenominational oneness. But that's not oneness because you got to forfeit what you believe to accept something else. And the Catholics won't change what they believe anyway. Everyone's got to surrender to what they actually do. Right? But this oneness is not a we all get along. No, the oneness is I'm in the father. He and me and I in him. I and my father are one. That's the oneness he's he's he's wanting for you and I. That when you see the bride, you see the father. Is this okay? Maybe I hope the terminology is not stumbling people, but but you see when people see you, they should see Jesus in flesh. When they see me, they should see Jesus Christ in flesh. They not they might not be able to actually fathom who's living there cuz we're still our humanity. The badger skin is still operating, right? But within it is deity. Amen. Right. But then but then they should be able but people should when they see you they should come in contact with more than your badge of skin. They should come in contact with the Lord God Almighty because that's what Jesus said. I and my father are one. And that's and that's why the message gets stoned today because it goes beyond oh yes the Holy Ghost is in me like a trinitarian idea. No we say no the almighty God is in me and and it's not for good works. It's not that people come and get healed. The supernatural is done that people want to stone this message. It's the fact that it reveals what the gospel actually teaches is that God would be in man once again. People can't stomach that. But it's the Bible. So it tastes pretty good to me, right? I'm happy it's not just some relig not just a part of God in me. It's all that he is is in me. Amen. It's the supreme one. He is supreme in heaven and he cast out the devil in heaven. He came down to earth. He is supreme upon the earth. He went down to hell. He was supreme down there. He rose up triumphant over hell, death, and the grave to show he's supreme. He comes into your life to show I'm supreme in your situation in Lady Oier and Satan's Eden. I'll show you my supremacy over all the devil's works and I'll do it in you. Hallelujah. So, we're not just a outlook at you know, you know, we see it in our lives. Amen. Brother Bram says the seed is not air with the shook. Hold I just Where is it now? Sorry. He says here, "But when you come to say, I and my father are one." Are you calling yourself God? No. I'm calling I'm saying God is in me. Remember this badge of skin is not the redeemer. Jesus is the redeemer. I'm the redeemed. He cleansed me to live in me. So I'm the redeemed. Amen. But when you come to say I and my father are one and these other things and the shucks pull away. But the real genuine bride church will bring forth the entire word of God in its fullness and in its strength for he is the same yesterday, today and forever. Amen. So it's more than just a thing cuz others have risen up saying look I my father are one but it's still bad your skin religious life running around causing trouble. Amen. But there's a real genuine bride that's come upon the scene in these last days that actually will bring forth the entire word of God in its strength and in its fullness. So it's more than just saying, "I, my father, are one." There's a life within them that proves it. Amen. I believe I'm looking at these kind of people. Hallelujah. Amen. He says, he says it was so the fullness of the Godhead bodily was in Jesus Christ. Now the fullness of the godhead bodily is in men. So it wasn't a man, now it's in men. It's like it's like, you know, when brother would quote from Luke 17:30, "In this day, the son of man will be revealed." He says, "The son of man is revealed in human beings." That's God. You say, "Oh, we need the prophet to come back." No, we don't. We need the God of the prophet, who is the God of the Bible, who is the Lord Jesus Christ. Because the same things that happened in his ministry, if the same God is in you, then the same word will be manifested. You say, "Will I become a prophet, have that kind of a gift?" Not necessarily. But the word will be will be manifested. What happened in his life? Nothing will stand before your prayers, not even cancer. If you get the people to believe you, nothing can stand before your prayers, not even cancer. Why? Because there's a faith that's built saying, "No, this man is giving the promise of the word." Then they take God at his word. Then nothing can stand before faith. Amen. So now if you take a group of people together that believe God, believe his word, Amen. then nothing can stand before their prayers. Amen. That commission wasn't just for brother Bram. It's for the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. I think that's okay. Because you got to think about what can stand before faith. Cancer stand before faith. Amen. Where'd that go? Amen. It's gone. Hallelujah. Where'd it go? God took it away. Why? Because God was taken at his word. Amen. That's what and and we've been made in that same material. We can take God at his word. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, Jesus said that he um you know, the Bible says that God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself. Okay, I'm just wanting to make a segue here because we got to faith has got to be an action, which I believe it is. But let's just go this way. Now we've been given he has given unto us this ministry of reconciliation to it that God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself. Now what what does that reconciliation look like? Because the church world will just make it you receive that you know you accept what Jesus did for you on Calvary which you must and then now you're reconciled to God. It's far beyond that. It's because to be reconciled is is you become one again. And the only way you can become one again is when the God when the Lord Jesus Christ himself comes and dwells in you. That is true reconciliation. It's like we use the word atonement which is actually from the word at onement. So how do you how do you become at one with God? The only way you can become at one with God is his same he come and dwells in you. That is receiving the atonement. See many times we think of the atonement as just the blood sacrifice. That's part of it. But what does it produce? that the the life of the atonement, which is God, comes and lives in you. Amen. Are we are we together? See, you say, "I've received the atonement." What you're saying is, "I've received the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, and God dwells in my soul." That's what you're saying. Amen. But the church world says, "Well, I've just believed on the Lord Jesus, but there's been no transformation of life. God doesn't dwell there. It's still bad skins running around, right?" But the difference is when you truly receive the atonement, that's now God in you. you'll become one. At onement has happened. Amen. So this min so so this this um what do you call it? So this ministry of reconciliation has been given to you, right? That people would receive the true atonement. I'm laboring on these points. I just wanted to kind of sink in. We're just having a slow kind of a meal today. Okay? But I want this to sink in because you say, "Who's in you? What can it now do?" Okay? So now we've been given this ministry of reconciliation. So you can actually preach, you can live a life that people will be reconciled to God. Not reconciled to a church, not reconciled to a doctrine that's got, that's not even it. I mean, you can have all the doctrine, right? If you miss the life, you're not coming up anyway. But if you got the life, you've got everything, right? So this reconciliation now is God coming and dwelling in a people. And that's why brother Bram would say say that you know the greater works he that believeth on me you know these works and the greater works than than this shall he do because I go to my father that greater works is imparting eternal life. Amen. Because if God is in you then God can step he can reach from you to someone else. And what is he parting eternal life? They receive the Holy Ghost through the life that's within you. Amen. You know we talk about you know spirits jumping on people. What about the Holy Ghost jumping on people? I mean, what about being a, you know, we talk about, you know, when CO was here and a super spreader events where the virus just spreads because it becomes into proximity with people carrying the virus. Well, what about now? I'm not I'm not equating God to a virus, but you understand what I mean. What about now a super spreader event where people come in contact with you? They come in close proximity to the life of God within you and that life begins to spread. Amen. The Holy Ghost begins to jump on people where they begin begin to be convicted and they begin to realize there's more to life than what I'm living. And what's happening? The Holy Ghost is starting to infect them if I can, you know, I can't think of a better word, but he's starting to, you know, deal with them. What's that? You are actually being a super spreader. You're actually got a ministry of reconciliation. See, it's not necessarily being able to put it all together, right, and just have this really good kind of speech where you can give it and no, it's a life that's lived. Why? Because deity is behind your badge of skin. I mean, God himself has stepped in. And when you go and speak to someone, it's not you speaking. No, there's a shift. And it's God speaks through your lips. And what's happening now is eternal life begins to be imparted. Can you do that? Well, the son of God can. Amen. Hallelujah. And who is that? That's you and I. There's so much power within you. You know, brother Ram said that a Holy Ghost fil camp meeting does more for a country in terms of security than all the atomic bombs that country could have. Amen. What's keeping the wrath of God off this world? The Holy Ghost falling in believer's lives. Amen. Holy Ghost fililled services, God moving. Amen. The prosperity of a country is not an economic prosperity. No, it's a spiritual prosperity where God comes down, dwells in a people. That's the only thing that matters. Amen. You say, "Well, I want to make New Zealand great again." Let God live then. Amen. That will improve it. Not in a, you know, the prince of peace is who we need. But it's keeping the wrath of God off this world. God moving. And you see what's happening with Iran and, you know, Israel, that ain't going to end. I don't think that's just ramping up. And if that's ramping up, that mean the anointing's ramping up. That means the people who come to recognize who they are in Christ where they recognize that they are the tabernacle, the temple of the living God. Hallelujah. Amen. If you realize who is in you, then all things are possible. Everything is possible. There's nothing impossible. If the one who does the impossible is in you. Amen. That should just raise our faith that just goes through the roof through the atmosphere past Pluto if it's still a planet. You know, you know what I mean? But if we look at the badge of skin, well, how can you ever be that'll just lower expectation? That's why turn your eyes upon Jesus. Yes. Don't turn your eyes upon you. It's my issues. No, we'll cast them upon him. It's my problem. Cast them upon him. Don't keep it to yourself. But you see also the thing is that we must be able to discern the Lord's body. Now in 1 Corinthians 11, it says, "But let a man examine himself, so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup, that when he eiteth and drinkkeeth unworthily, eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you and many sleep. Now he's not talking about the unleaven bread and the wine. That's symbolic of the body of the Lord. But it's not literally it does like the Catholics believe when the priest prays over the wafer and all these things. It literally becomes the flesh of God becomes the Holy Ghost. It becomes his body. They become cannibals. We don't believe that. No, that's what they believe. Okay. But so this discerning the Lord's body is actually discerning the Lord's body. Amen. And that's why many are sick and weak and sickly among the believers is because they're not discerning the Lord's body. Because if you think about it, if you actually have discernment behind that badge of skin as tabernacle deity, not just a religious spirit. No, God himself is now in that person. You'll be able because if you can discern behind that badger skin, doesn't matter what the bad skin's doing, behind that is God. Then why would you gossip about that bad skin? Why would you make fun of that bad skin? Why would you murder its influence? Why would you try and lead it astray into sin, into darkness and temptation? Why would you do those things? You wouldn't. You'd be No, my God is in that person. Like my God is in me. My God is in them. Amen. And when we come together, it's just more of God upon the earth, if I can put it that way. Amen. But he said, "That's why many are weak and sickly among us is because they allow a gossiping, murderous spirit to anoint them, to run down someone who's actually an adopted son or daughter of God." I would never do that. I'd say, "Take that trash and put it in the trash can. Take that acid and put it somewhere else because I ain't a vessel to receive acid or some nonsense." No, I'm the temple of the living God. Have you got nothing good to say about anyone? Don't say it at all. Amen. Does it help? No. Has gossip ever helped anyone? Murdering people's influence. Has it helped anyone? Because it always comes back to the one who's got the gun. So, we don't want to be sickly or weak. And it says many sleep. Actually, that actually means they're dead because they didn't discern the Lord's body. Oh, how could God be behind that sister or that brother? Careful. That's what the Pharisees said about the Lord Jesus who never put a foot wrong, never did a single thing wrong. They stumbled at him. Then how much more now? The redeemed. Amen. But you see now, I believe I'm looking at a group of people that can discern the Lord's body. They can discern that God dwells in people. Amen. I believe I can see it. You know, I believe we're that kind of a people. Amen. Now, brother makes a statement. He says, he says that this isn't Christ, the mystery of God revealed. He says, "Now, if a man says he's born again and to try and place those promises of Christ in the last days for some other age, make him Christ yesterday but not today, then that man or that woman has been in a delusion by Satan." And if that man says that he believes that and doesn't manifest itself through him, Jesus said in Mark 16, "These signs shall follow them that believe into all the world to every age, casting out devils, speaking with tongues, and all these great manifestations of gifts that that would follow that they shall not. They may be or they ought to, they will, and heavens and earth will pass away, but his word won't." So, it's Christ expressing himself in the individual, whether he's intellectual, whether he doesn't know his ABCs. Half the apostles did it. That's right. But they know Christ. They never taken heed to Peter and John knowing that they had been out of some seminary. They said they had taken heed and noticed they had been with Christ. When they healed the lame man, see at the gate they know that they had been with Christ. The new birth is Christ as a revelation. God has revealed to you this great mystery and that's the new birth. Now what are you going to do when you get all that group together? You know, many people have taken this quote and they've said, "Now, if we just get all the doctrinal ironed out and it's all the same in everyone's head, then what's going to happen?" He's not the the context is what do you do when you get that group of people all together that Christ is in them? That deity is now tabernacled in humanity. When you get a people that are truly spiritfilled, you get that group together. Amen. The revelation where the revelation is perfect in harmony. What's that revelation? Christ in you, the hope of glory. I'm not diminishing the seals or anything of the mysteries that have been opened up. But it's not mentally having those things correct that will bring God will actually bring power into the church for God to manifest himself in his fullness of his power. No, it's Christ in you, the hope of glory. It's God himself dwelling in the body of Christ. Amen. Now, when that revelation comes into harmony, we say, "I see God in you and God's in you. I see the word made flesh again." Amen. And then so now there's going to be a perfect harmony among those people. And God expressing his word by the same actions, the same things that he did, making the word manifest over the church and knew its position. Amen. As redeemed bad skins, God tabernacled in behind their skin. Amen. One day it will one day. Then the rapture will go when it knows what it is. The temple of the living God. Amen. The word made flesh. Nothing less than that. Amen. I believe it. I I believe the power of the blood in its fullness. Amen. I believe it. You know, if you make it anything less than, oh, God just forgives your sins by the blood. It's far more than that. He doesn't just forgive your sins. He takes away sin nature that he can dwell in you. That's what the atonement does. That the life of God comes and dwells in a people. Praise the Lord. Now, he says this. He says the deity of him, who is he? Some make him a little baby out there. Is it speaking of the Lord? He's the one that stood on the invisible. Oh my platform raised his hands and spoke, "Let there be light." There was light. That was Jesus Christ. For he was in the world and the world was made by him and the world recognized him not. He is the deity of God. Look what he did back there. Talk about the miraculous back there. You talk about shouting when he performed the miraculous things to make things which are now out of things which was not. He spoke and it was so. And that same power, that same Christ, hallelujah, let the fundamentalists, let the people who deny the power of God say it's wrong. But the same power that spoke the world into existence is in those people that's got the Holy Ghost. That's right, men and women. It's time we found out. We found out who we are. The devil's trying to hide you back, tell you you're some little cow down something. You're not. You're sons and daughters of God. Deity is not in heaven. It's in you. Amen. So, it's time we found out who we were. Amen. That's why I'm trying to preach these things this morning. We find out that we are not just some card back poor me and my problems and I'm never going to survive and I'm barely overcoming. I'm just scraping through. No, we're victorious. Amen. We we can are more than conquerors through him that first loved us. Amen. We are victorious because the victorious one, where does he dwell? In you and I. And if he conquered hell, death, and the grave. Amen. He can conquer your problems. You got to recognize they're already been conquered. I mean it doesn't matter if it's a complex there's division in the family or something the wedge of spirit whatever it is that's got in and causing trouble you realize that thing has got to come to an end the one in you has remember greater is he who's ever done physics or math says the greater sign right the thing that gets you know there's the greater than so the thing that's less than the thing that's greater can never beat the thing that's greater. Amen. Greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. Amen. That means there's nothing in the world that's greater than your God. Hallelujah. So, we shouldn't be some little cow down thing. You say, "Well, I've had this problem all my life." It's got to come to an end. Amen. We can't just put up with it and and reason it. You see, the devil gives so much reasoning why he should stay. We got to give him the word that he should leave. Amen. You say, "Well, my parents are all unforgiving. I high passioned and I got this temp. I just get, you know, angry and I got tempers and it's way back in my family and I should be redheaded because that's the temperament I have and I can't forgive and it's all excuses. Well, this happened to me when I was young and this is my problem and this m up my life and all these things. I'm not diminishing those things, but what are you giving power to? It's actually your reasoning to let it stay. The devil actually is trying to give you a three-point plan. This is why I should live here. Who's ever had a difficult tenant or a difficult room, flatmate or whatever, and they try and give you reasoning when they realize they want to stay. They don't want to go. They try and say, "Look, I I should stay here." And they're causing a lot of pain. They're annoying. You know, you don't enjoy them being in your house, right? You really want them to go. If you listen to their reasoning, then you justify them actually dragging your life down into defeat. Right? Now, I'm using a spiritual thing now, right? So, so, so if you let the devil's reasoning rule your life, you know, this little addiction, no one sees it. It's some harmless fun. It's on your phone. It's locked away bit behind some secret chat thing and no one sees it and you know it's never going to cause any problems. You can you can control this. Your spouse doesn't need to know or whatever doesn't need to know. You can rule this thing. That's the devil giving you reasoning for him to stay in your life and to take the victory out of your life. you're letting him stay because well this is because this and this is why I'm here and I'm just going to stay this way. We're going to cast out reasoning. Doesn't matter what the problem is, the hurt, whatever it is. Don't let reasoning let it stay in your life. Let the victorious one defeat that thing. Cast it out. Give you victory that becomes a victory on your wall as opposed to something rule in your life. Some little card down person. Well, I'm just being humble. No, you're living in defeat. Humility is not people you oh you got to be a humble little Christian and no no we're not pushed around by the devil. We are not ordained or built to be pushed around by the devil. No, we're here to push him around. We're here to cast him out. Command him. Deity is not just in heaven. It's in you. Amen. So why don't you let deity rule your life? Take over your problems. Consume the enemy and walk out packing the victory. Amen. If he's behind your skin, I don't see how that could not happen. If he's not behind your skin, you say, "Lord, come and dwell in my soul and change me that I see victory in my life." Hallelujah. Amen. He's trying to hide you back, tell you you're a little cow down something you're not. Amen. You're a son and you're sons and daughters of God. Deity is not just in heaven. It's in you one day. No, now we are the sons of God right now. Right now, he's in flesh. God's in flesh. Amen. I'm going to finish with this with this. Um he says you're of God little children and have overcome them because greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. Now this is my words. When you realize the almighty lives in you then that creates a faith that all things are possible. I mean you realize deity is in you. How can any complex hurt sickness or demon stand? It can't. I mean realize the one in you is not just a religious spirit trying to win. It's the Almighty who conquered hell, death and the grave and everything. Everything that can be named is under his feet. Amen. So if he's in you, where will it be? Under your feet. Hey, why? Cuz he's in you. Amen. The body of Christ is standing on the head of the devil. That's our ordained position. That's his ordained position. And if he's not in his position, God's given you a tongue. He's given you authority to say, "Get back in your place, boy." Amen. It's like go, you know, when I was young on my uncle's farms and things with the sheep dogs, they keep saying, "Get in behind." The dog would go in behind. He's running off somewhere. Get in behind. And what do we tell the devil? Get behind me, Satan. If you don't listen, I'm going to plague you. I'm going to I'm going to bring God's wrath upon you that you have to move. Brother Ram says that, you know, we can pray in such a way till the devil has to give in. Amen. That's what God said about you. You got prevailing power by the Holy Ghost. If God Almighty is in you, why put up with the devil's problems? Why put up with his reasoning, his lies, his complexes? Oh, but I'll get exposed. No, he's going to get exposed. He's going to get destroyed. You're not. So, why put up with his things? said, "Oh, you this is just me in my time of life." Why not? Amen. Expose him for what he is. Amen. And get him cast out. Amen. You see, as the body of Christ, we've got authority over every spirit. I'm just going to ram this home for a little bit. You got to realize, see, we put up with him too much. Oh, God's taking me through this, and God's allowed the spirit of my life to keep me humble. Who said that? Who said that? The Apostle Paul never had something that dragged him into sin. Kept some secret sin in his life and kept him defeated. Kept the devil bounding him that way. It wasn't that in his life. Amen. Amen. And God told him, "My grace is sufficient." Amen. So, we can't just say, "Well, I'm just, you know, God's keeping me humble by this." No. God doesn't use a whip to keep you humble. I mean, God doesn't keep you bowed down. That's the devil lying, trying to make you think that, no, you have to live under your privileges. No, but as the body of Jesus Christ, we should live according to our privileges. And that is the enemy under our feet. Amen. Unlimited faith dwells in me. Now, amen. All things are possible. God wants to use your lips. Well, how do I let him work? Just get yourself out of the way. Put your reasoning to one side. Put the put the time and the distance and the problems and the don't don't go by the five senses. Take God at his word. Don't live in fear. We got nothing to fear. I'm safe and secure. Amen. This place could explode right now. I know where I'm going. Why? Because the badger skin's so awesome. The badger skin's got nothing to do with it. This thing has nothing to rejoice in. It's just a badger skin. It's the one on the inside that we can glory in, that we can boast in. Deity within our badger skin. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We don't have to live in fear. We don't have to worry. Oh, the world's going to blow up. And who? We're saved. If you're under the blood, if you're truly under the blood of Jesus Christ and you realize it's not you, your badge of skin doesn't going to amount to anything. It's him on the inside of you. What do you have to fear? Well, what about my children? We have a token. I mean, we have the blood of Jesus Christ to apply. We have the life of God to apply. We don't have to fear that they'll be saved. We're going to have a confidence of fear. They won't be saved. Have confidence. Lord, you saved me. Now, you let that faith that saved you get a hold of them. And you see what God will do. And they get fussy and fighting and things. It's God bringing them under conviction. Hallelujah. So, we don't have the backup for the devil while they've been away too long. What's time to God? It was just a couple of days ago he was hanging on Calvary in his timing. We're still in the same week. Hallelujah. Amen. Maybe we need God to come like Mary by the tomb and call you by name. And then all your sadness and depression will turn into elation and joy. My redeemer liveth. Hallelujah. He's not just with me. He's in me. Hallelujah. Amen. I believe that's what God wants to do. He wants I'm sorry. I've gone over time. But I believe God wants to get a hold of our lives. Say, "Call you by name." Amen. You're not some downtrodden, troubled child. Amen. Know you're a son or daughter of God standing in victory. Amen. His blood still atones. His blood still works. Amen. His blood still cleanses. Amen. There's still prevailing power in the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. There's no devil he can't defeat. No devil he can't cast out. There's no problem he can't fix. There's no situation too complex, too hard. No. God can step in in a moment and change everything. Hallelujah. I believe it. Amen. Why? Cuz he all things are possible. Amen. There's nothing. And he says there's nothing impossible with you. You say, "Well, is that my human faith trying to work it out?" No. It's taking God at his word. Recognize the one inside you, the the one who made sun, moon, and stars. The one who made your body now dwells in you. He's just going to take your lips, speak his word. Amen. It's the same as deity speaking. Every mountain has to move. Nothing can stand before that man or woman. Little old me. If we had time, you go through all the believers of the Bible. Who were they? Downcast, outward outwasher society. No great people. The only one who was great was the Apostle Paul. says, "I count it all but dung that I would know Christ." He had nothing to boast in where he came out of. He just by the grace of God, I am what I am. So why can't we think that God can't use us and live in us in the same measure, in the same way in this end time, the fullness of the power of his word be manifested through you and I. Amen. I believe we're on the cusp of great things. We believe that you know if we could really if God could drop in our hearts the power of his cleansing blood. I mean to cleanse a people that were vile and evil and did all kinds of wicked works in their lives that God would cleanse them in such a way that that holy God that the angels the Bible says even look dirty in his sight. That's how holy he is. Can come and dwell in your soul and live through your badge of skin. Hallelujah. Oh one day no now we are the sons and daughters of God. Why don't you let the word work in your life mightily? Amen. Why don't we take them at his word like never before? Don't take our complexes at their word. Don't take the reasoning at their word. No. Cast those things down. Those things are your enemy. I say rise up and destroy it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. The complex is ruling your life. Do the opposite. Actively say, "Bad your skin, you'll obey the word of God." Amen. I'm going to cast you down complex. I'm going to do the opposite. Amen. You want to shell away and don't talk to anyone because of a complex. You feel inf inferior. Start a conversation. Start talking. Mix with the believers. Ask them how they are. Start, you know, don't just sit there and say, "Well, me and my and this is where I'm from. I came from heaven. How about you? I believe look at people that came from God. They're going back to God. Amen. This is where I came from. Doesn't matter what the devil's done in my life. No, that origin is greater than this earthly problems." Amen. And let's have the musicians this morning. What can our God not do? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing that song. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Do we know that song? I don't know the word of it, but I mean the the name. But Amen. Who's behind your skin today? When you really sit back and you're by yourself, you say, "God lives in me." or am I just unhappy, miserable, half religious kind of a person? You don't have to stay that way. You can have a peace like a river, joy like a fountain, love like the ocean. You can be by yourself in the worst situation you've ever been in. There's a peace like a river. Amen. I'll be with you, even in you to the end of the world. I'll never leave you nor forsake you. I'm with you in this valley. I'm with you in this trial. I'm with you in this situation. Turn your eyes. Turn away. Look away to Jesus. Look at the one who's done the work in your life. As I said on Wednesday, does he do half a job? Does he do Does he start a project and just throw up his hands in frustration and throw it away? No. What he starts, he completes. Who believes that this morning? I believe it. And I'm so thankful. He says, "The work I started, the work he starts, he will perfect in the day of Jesus Christ." So if he started a work, he's going to finish that work. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Do we have that song? We have that song. E. Amen. You turn water into wine. Open the eyes of the blind. There's none like you. Amen. I'm not trying to lift up bad. I'm trying to lift up deity. Amen. Trying to lift up. Not trying to lift up the believer. I'm trying to lift up the one in the believer. I trust it's all imbalance, right? We're not trying to deify our flesh. No, forget that. No. Same old bed of skin. But the one in our souls is eternal. Amen. Amen. The Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You have to help me out with this one. Let's stand, shall we, this morning. What do you turn to wine? Open the eyes of the blind. There's none like you. [Music] And none like you. Into the darkness. Into the darkness we shine. [Applause] Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. My heart is not like you. Cuz our God is gater. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome power. Our God. I've got water into water. Water you turn into wine. [Music] Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one. There's none like you. Into the darkness. Into the darkness you shine. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh Lord, there's none like you. Our God is straighter. Our God is straighter. Our God is deeper. God, you are higher than any other. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God is gater. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Our God. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then who can stand against? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is for us, then who could stand against? Who could stand against? Cuz our God is gater. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is awesome and power. Our God. Our God is gater. Our God is gater. Our God is super God. You are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome power. Our God. Our God is gater. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God. You are higher than any other father. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. How God [Applause] [Music] my God is awome. Oh yes. He's awome. He's awome. He's awome. My God is awome. Oh, he's awome. [Music] He's awome. He's awome. My God is awome. He can move the mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. keeps me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been weakened. Forever he Oh my God. My God is awome. He's awome. He's awome. Oh yes. He's awome. My God is awome. Oh yes, he is awome. [Music] He's awesome. [Music] He's awesome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm healed. My God is awesome. Today I am forgiven. His grace is why I'm living. And praise his holy name. Oh my God. My God, he's awome. Oh yes, he's awome. [Music] He's awome. Oh, he is awesome. Oh my God. My God is awome. He's awome. He's awome. [Music] He's awome. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. Oh, he's awome. He's awome. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's awome. He's awome. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. Oh, he's awome. Oh, yes. He's awome. My God is awome. Oh yes. He's awome. He's awome. He's awome. He's awesome. He's awome. Oh yes. He's awome. [Music] He's awome. He's a He's a provider. Provider. Provider, provider, provider. He's awesome. [Music] He's awesome. Protector, protector, protector, protector, protector. He's awesome. He's awesome. Deliverer. Deliverer. [Music] deliverer. He's awome. Oh yes, he's awome. My God is awome. [Music] Oh yes, he's awome. He's awome. [Music] He's awome. My God is awome. He's awome. He's awome. He's awesome. And I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. Who told the sun where to stand in the morning? [Music] And who told the ocean, "You can only come this far?" And who told the moon where to hide till evening? Those words alone can catch a falling star. And I know my redeemer lives. [Applause] I know my redeemer lives. [Music] Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer live. The very same God that has been forbidden. He runs to the weary, the worn and the weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken, they conquer death to bring me victory. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Oh, let all creation testify. Let his life within me cry. I know my redeemer. Oh, he lives to take away my shame. And he lives forever. I proclaim that the pain for my sin was a precious life he gave. All I hear is alive. There's an empty gra. And I know my redeemer lives. [Music] I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. Well, I know my redeemer lives. Oh yes, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. [Music] You unravel me with a melody. Oh, you surround me with a song of deliverance from my eneies. it all. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer a state to fear. I am a child of God. From eternity, you have chosen me. Your love has called my name. I'll be born again. I've been born again into your family. Your love flows through my veins. And I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh no, I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. Oh, I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to feel. I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child. Oh, you split the sea. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. Oh, you resueed me so I can stand. I am. [Applause] Oh, you split the sea. [Applause] You split the sea. So I [Music] [Applause] [Music] You rescued me so I can stand and sing. I am a child of God. And I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear you. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Hallelujah. Who believes that Lord, you made me your child. I'm your child. That's why you live with me. Amen. If anyone has not given their lives, surrender your life to the Lord. be baptized in his name, name Lord Jesus Christ, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Let's pray together, shall we? Gracious Father. Hallelujah, Lord. Lord, when I think of these things, I think of how great your blood is, Lord. How powerful it is, Lord, to take a vile sinner such as I was, Lord. Wash me up from inside out, my God, to dwell in me, Lord. That's all I can boast in, Lord, and glorifying is what you've done, Lord. you're a great redeeming work, Lord, that you'd take me, take a people, cleanse us. You, Almighty God, not just a religious spirit, not just something that's anything less than you, Lord, but you yourself, the great creator, the great I am, could come and dwell in a people, a purchase, redeemed, hallelujah, washed in your blood, people, Lord. Thank you for that, Father. Lord, I pray, dear God, we'd recognize these things. May it anchor into our hearts that Lord that you almighty God dwell in us Lord. If we have the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, you live on the inside of the inside of us, Lord. And Father, if you be there, what can hinder us, Lord? What can what can trouble us? What can drag us down? I say nothing, Lord. Because you've made us more than conquerors through you. So, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray, Lord, you bless each one here. Bless those who have streamed, my God. Be their great portion, Lord. If there's anyone here, Lord, Father, who doesn't truly know you, my God. Maybe know about you but doesn't truly know you. Lord, just stir them up, my God. Lord, may you make them that they're so unsatisfied until they make a full surrender and you fill them with the Holy Ghost. Grant that, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. And I pray you dismiss us with your blessing, Lord. Father, we go have lunch. We go our separate ways, Lord. We thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. [Music] Oh my the Lord of all the earth know my name. [Music] mind that the bright morning star can light the way from my ever wondering heart. Not because of who I am, but because of what you've done, not because of what I've done, but because of who you are. I am power quickly fading gone tomorrow in the ocean [Music] still hear me when I'm falling. Lord, you catch me when I'm falling. And you told me who I am. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. Oh my. the eyes to see my sin. Look on me with love. Watch me rise again. Oh my. Let the voice to come to see call out through the rain come. Not because of who I am, but because of what you've done. Not because of what I've done, but because of who you are. I am flowering quickly fading away [Music] in the wings still. You hear me when I'm falling or you catch me when I'm falling. You show me who I am. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. [Music] I am the flower quickly fading here today. [Music] cross the ocean with me when I'm falling. Lord, you catch me when I'm falling. And you told me who I am. I am yours. [Music] I am yours. [Music] I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. I know what it's like [Music] to be in the presence of the Lord and not know what time it is [Music] because time stood still. [Music] bodies were healed. Oh yes they were. Families were stol. Oh yes they were because we stay here [Music] in the presence of the Lord. No one had you. No one had to say a word. Oh no. Couldn't even make a sound. And I'd give up everything. Oh yes, I would. for the treasure I found. How I know how [Music] [Music] I Jesus I [Music] say stay. Oh yeah. I don't want you to know. My heart is burning. [Music] Yes, it is. In your presence, Lord. [Music] Oh, please. Won't you stay? Please stay. [Music] I don't want you. [Music] My is burning. Oh yes. Is burning in your presence. And I want more. I want more. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh yes. Oh [Music] Jesus. [Music] stay. [Applause] Where else would I go? [Music] My heart is burning. It's burning. My heart is burning. Oh, it's burning. My heart is burning. [Music] Oh, it's burning. My heart is burning in your presence. In your presence, Lord. I want more. I want more. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus, I want you. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Open the eyes of my Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. See you high. See you high. Lifted up for shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. See you high lifted up. See you shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. We sing. Holy, holy, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Oh, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see you. See you high. See you. I lift it up. See you shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power. We see [Applause] you. I lift it up. See you shining in the light of your glory. For your power. We sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy. Oh Lord, you're holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to sing. You are holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. You are [Applause] we see you high up. See you shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. [Applause] I lift it up. See you shining in the light of your glory. For your power and love. We sing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Holy, holy. [Applause] Oh, holy, holy. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Open the eyes of my heart. Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to [Music]
