################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - 3004-25 - Bro Albert Ruegg - Albert Ruegg.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-30
Title:   3004-25 - Bro Albert Ruegg
Speaker: Albert Ruegg
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsDH7rZEgu4
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you all. Amen. It's great to be home. Great to see you. You all here. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. So, we had a real blessed time. Don't worry, we're not leaving. Yeah. My dad sent me a message saying, "Are you just coming home to pick up your temp pegs to go back?" They said, "No, you know, it's great. The place is amazing. The believers are amazing. Church is amazing. And if you can go visit, go visit, but you know, there's no place like home." So, we had a real blessed time there. Um, yeah, the Lord was good. Preached a couple of services over Easter. Um, just a couple of testimonies quickly. There was a brother who uh he was going through a lot of things. things the devil had him bound in depression and different things and he the end of the service he you know the Lord came upon him he came up and he let go and he said the Lord restored his joy took the depression away he's got the victory again so he took the Lord's way of escape and um another brother said there was a couple of services of real monumental he answered a lot of things in his life he'd been going through in the past and things and and um yeah and a few people said you know the things that I preached they were talking about on the way to church So, so yeah, so we thank the Lord for those things. So, we had a blessed time and it's it's always good to hear those kind of things cuz you never know how services go, you know. So, it's good. It was a blessing for some people. So, yeah, it's good to be home. Um, God bless you. We're looking forward to hearing. It's a lot brighter in here. I'm glad. Amen. I pray be in the spiritual t be a lot brighter, too. Amen. So, yeah, we thank the Lord for this. Great to have mom and dad here. Amen. Brother Elvis, Brain here. God bless you. So, we're just going to open the service in a word of prayer. And then I'm going to turn the service to brother Josh. Let's stand, shall we, tonight? Amen. Great to great to be here. See you all. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Gracious Father. Thank you, Lord. There's truly no place like home. And Father, we know, Lord, our real home is in your presence, Lord, to be with you. And we just want to thank you. You said in your word, where two or three are gathered in my name, my name, there I am in the midst, Lord. So, you're here. Father, as we gather in your name, the wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We commit the service into your hands. Lord, may it leave human control. May you come and take over. And Lord, may you pour out your anointing on everyone here. Speak to those as well. Lord, anoint those who are streaming the service. Lord, may you just have your liberty. Lord, we just lift Lord uh the needs that we carry. Lord, you know all of our needs. I pray, Father, you'd meet those needs tonight, dear God. We pray you just anoint brother Albert in a mighty way as well. We love you so much. We thank you, Lord, that we could gather tonight in Jesus Christ's name. May you bless the service. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. Bless you. Bless you all. Welcome back to the house of the Lord. Let's just start off with delight yourself in the Lord. Oh, delight yourself in the Lord. the person at the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Still love yourself. You got this. So what I see from what the enemy tries to take from me, my will sing his praise. As I stand unshaken, steadfast in faith. But he is the open door to every praise I've never been before. And I delight myself in it. Delight yourself in it. Oh, delight yourself in Lord the person at the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself. [Music] The god of how I feel. As hell breaks loose and sin reveal, my will sing his praise. And as our Lord descends at the end of day and he gives me everything and beyond all that I could ever dream and I delight myself in it. Delight yourself in it. For delight yourself in Lord, the person at the center of our faith and delight yourself and see him face to face. Oh, delight yourself in the Lord. Oh, delight. Still Joseph the person at the center of our face. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in Lord. [Music] As I divide myself in and every battle I fight, I'll win. As I delight myself in him, every battle I won. As I delight, as I delight myself in it, in every battle I fight, I'll win. As I delight myself in it, every battle I win. Oh, delight yourself in the Lord. person at the center of our faith and delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord. Some say I call on my imaginary [Music] friend. When I call upon you, Jesus, some call me weak because I say that I'm not [Music] strong. And all my strength comes from Jesus. But Jesus, I I won't be ashamed to take you by the head. To take you by the hand. No. I won't be ashamed to take you by the hand. To take you by the hand and lead me. You're much higher. Lead me. You're much wiser. Lead me. Wherever you'll take me, I'll go through the fire. I'll go through the valley. I know you know my way back home. And I know you will take me. We've all had days when life has brought us to our [Music] knees. But still we'll praise you Jesus and we conceive faith is telling us your will. [Music] That's why I will praise you, Jesus. But Jesus, I I won't be ashamed to take you by the hand. To take you by the hand. No, I won't be ashamed to take you by the hand. Take you by the land. Oh, lead me. You're my higher leading. You're much wiser. Lead me. [Music] Wherever you'll take me, I'll go through the fire. I'll go through the valley. I know you know my way back home. Not know you will take [Music] me. Cuz when the earth shake and roll, then the oceans cross their bounds. And all around, there's nothing left to hold to. And when the stars fall from the sky and the mountains flee away, your everlasting end will still remain. [Music] Lead me. You're my sire. Lead me. You're my wiser. Lead me. Wherever you'll take me. I'll go through the fire. I'll go through the valley. I know. You know my way back home. And I know you will take me. [Music] Oh. Amen. You can all have your seats. We've got a special from Stephanie. And yeah. When you're up against the wall and your mountain seems so tall and you realize life's not always fair. You can run away and hide. Let the old man decide. Or you can change your circumstances with a prayer. When everything falls apart, praise his name. When you have a broken heart, just raise your hands and say, "Lord, you're all I need. You're everything to me, and you take the pain away. [Music] When it seems you're all alone, praise his name. When you feel you can't go on, just raise your hands and say, "Gater is he that is within me." You can praise the hurt [Music] away if you just praise his name. [Music] Oh, you can overcome by the blood of the lamb and by the word of your testimony. You'll see the darkness go and your faith begins to grow. You're not alone. So, how can you be lonely when everything falls apart? Praise his name. When you have a broken heart, just raise your hands and say, "Lord, you're all I need. You're everything to me and you'll take the pain away. When it seems you're all alone, praise his name. When you feel you can go on, just raise your hands and say, gater is he that is within me. You can praise the hurt away if you just praise his name. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Don't we you believe that? Eh, let's just stand this evening and open up end with this song. There is none like you before brother Ben uh brother comes. [Music] There is none like you. There is none like you, my lord. No one else can touch my like you do. [Music] And I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Cuz there is none like you. There is none like you my lord. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I could search for all eternity long and find love by you. Cuz your mercy falls like guru heart and healing comes from your hand. The suffering children are asleep in your arms. There is none like [Music] you. There is none like you. There is none like you, my Lord. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. There is none like you. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you [Music] do. And I can search for all eternity, Lord. And find there is none like [Music] you. Cuz your mercy flows like river. heart and healing comes from your [Music] hand. Suffering children are safe in your arms. There is none like you. [Music] There is none like you. There's none like you, my Lord. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. There is none like you. There is none like you. There's none like you, my love. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Oh, God bless you all. It's good to be here and uh thank you, brother Bean, for inviting me to fellowship with you people. It's always nice to fellowship with fellow believers. It's nothing greater. And I don't know about you, but sometimes when you travel in countries like Saudi Arabia or places, it's such a tremendous thing if you meet a Christian. Amen. Just uh before we read the word, can we sing one more song just um into the chamber be free Holy Spirit. Have we got that one into the chamber be free Holy Spirit speak through me gently As I close the [Music] door, heavenly [Music] lover laid thy prison cover. She kind of unending is all I long for. Amen. You may be seated. I was uh preparing a little message here, but I want to share something from last Sunday first just to um make a start here. I just read a parable last Sunday and something really stood out to me. Matthew 25 from verse 14. It says here, "For the kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling into a far country, who called his own servants and delivered unto them his goods." And we know the parable, you know, and unto one he gave five talents or 5,000 gold coins, whatever people say, to another two, and to another one. And what really struck me was to every man according to his several ability and straightway took his journey. What what I want wanted to point out is you know the Lord gives you something and it's what he do with that something he gave you. It's not how much you have whether you stand behind a pulpit or behind the kitchen sink has nothing to do with it. It's what you do with what God has given you. And you know I said some people may have received like5. I cannot operate like that man because the man who gets five pounds is the man God trusted that much money. here with that much money and to the one he gave one he trusted him with the one and I believe I got one but what I want to do I want to invest it I don't want to bury it I want to use it and no matter what we have and I said that many times before but I used to go to conventions overseas and one thing struck me there was one man he traveled there every year from Italy he was about 90 years old every year he had the same verse. The blood of Jesus Christ cleanses from all sin. That's all he said. Every year. Every year. I think he invested that little bit God gave him. And it's it's wonderful when he could do that. I just wanted to start with that because it blessed me so much because sometimes we expect from people who have received one pound we expect them to operate like somebody who had five and vice versa. But the point is be true to what God has given you. Now what I want to uh talk about tonight is about the the word quickened. the quickening power. You all heard about it. You all know about it. But there's sometimes different angles which uh can be a blessing. In Psalm bless you. Thank you. In Psalm 119 verse 37 it says, "Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity and quicken thou me in thy way." You see, turn away looking at the negative things. Turn my eyes away from the nonsense that's going on. You know, I I get a lot of texts and messages from people and YouTube clips and everything sent to me, but most of the time it's bad news. The nonsense that's going on. But turn my my eyes away from beholding vanity. It's all nonsense leads to nothing. But quicken thou me in thy way, Lord. What is thy way for my life? What is thy will? What should I do today? How can I invest my gift, my pound today? And uh quicken means to make alive, to revive or to stimulate. And I think it's very important that we realize there is a quickening power. You know, a quickening power is make the word alive. You know, we can have it. We can learn it. We can study it. We can believe it. But unless it's quickened, it's still it's like you have money and you have a look in in in a catalog of all the lovely things you can buy. Until you actually do the transaction, nothing happens. You have nothing. Even though we have the potential and when you have the word of God, we have the potential of almighty God quickening that word to us. And you know sometimes people read the Bible say, "Oh, I've read that before. I read that before." But if a word is quickened, it's power and and and life. Now in Ephesians 2:es 1-7, it says, "And you hath he quickened." You who were dead in trespasses and sins, wherein in time past you walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom also we all had our conversation in times past, in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wroth even as others. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love where with he loved us even when we were dead in sins have quickened us together with Christ by grace he has saved and has raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness towards us through Christ Jesus. You know, when God quickens something, it changes you because you it's like the light switched on. Like I said before, we can have the word. Somebody can have a revelation on the word and explain the revelation to you. But you need to have it yourself. See, a revelation cannot be learned. Yeah. And as long we say believe it and repeated and even teached, unless it's quickened, it doesn't make you alive. You see, we can talk about others who were made alive, but it has to be us. In John 6 63, here's another one. It is the spirit that quickenth. The flesh profitth nothing. The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are alive. But it's got to be quickened. And uh words are meaningless unless they have a meaning that can be proven. What a statement. I can't remember where read it, but I printed it out. Words are meaningless unless they have a meaning that can be proven. Unless there is an outworking, something happening from it. I give you one or two others here. John 5:24, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life." And in John 8:43, he says, "Why do you not understand my speech even because he cannot hear my word?" See, hearing the word is one thing. We can hear it with a natural ear. A lot of people do. But some people can hear it inwardly because the word is quickened to them. They they know what he's saying. And that is what we want to aim for with every word of God. Not just what we know, but with every word of God. I want the word quicken to me. I want to have these experiences and and uh how can you say it? I want to see it made alive within me. You know, I want to see the word made alive. Now, the word quickened by the Holy Spirit will make the difference. That makes a difference. As you may know, I'm traveling south at the moment going to Invoc. But I was reminded of my last trip when I went to invoc. I started to feel a bit unwell on the on the way. I had very bad pains in my abdomen and um it got worse. Then I was there in a house where I stayed and um I prayed I prayed for healing. Uh rang Bronman. He said, "Go and see a doctor." I said, "I don't want to." So, it started to get worse and then I started to feel and one place was very painful and I had a great big lump underneath, you know, and uh it was for quite a few days. But then one morning I was by myself there uh either was before or after breakfast. I thought about the Lord and something quickened to me. quickened suddenly out of nowhere. God loves me. God loves me. He cares for me. I prayed. I was instantly healed instantly because it was quickened. But you know, I knew God is love. God loves me. He died for my sin. All all these things. But it when it's quickened, it becomes alive. And then things start to happen. We don't need a new word. We need the existing word quickened. That's all we need. And sometimes people f try to find more things and deeper things or whatever things because the simple word has not been quickened. Well, if it's quickened to you that you're a son of the almighty God or a daughter, well, what greater things can there be? Amen. My very first experience as a young Christian, I have to remind you, I was in a church where they didn't really promote divine healing. Speaking of tongues was of the devil and you know that kind of thing. But nevertheless, everything happened to me. I experienced divine healing and speaking in tongues without uh the blessings of the church, so to speak. But what happened? I I was at home and I needed an operation in my foot and I was going through through the diary when when is a convenient time to go to the hospital 3 weeks and then suddenly it quick was quicker to me. God is your heavenly father. I prayed every day. Our father which art in heaven hallowed be thy name. I prayed that every day but then it was quicker. He is really my father. Wow. I can ask him anything. If I ask him for bread, would he give me a stone? Yeah. You know that kind. And I was so happy. It was quickened to me that he was my heavenly father. I believed it all my life and prayed it. But then it was quickened to me. I prayed it was I was healed completely. The word quickened will make a difference. It brings a manifestation of the word. So we believe that all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. This truth must also be quickened first. Then part two of the verse says must be will be quickened as well sooner or later which says even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe. For there's no difference. For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God, being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus. It's very easy to to feel condemned. Yeah, we're all sinners and and and all that, but it also has to be quickened that we justified freely, completely forgiven. Notice forgiven, forgotten, justified. And uh there is so this why the first the first um revelation so to call it the first things that quickens quickened to me. Uh it started when the the Lord started to draw me. Somebody prayed for me and suddenly I realized how low I've come in my life. I didn't see it until it was shown to me and it was quickened to me the fact that I have come so low. You know that was the first thing. Then I knew I was a sinner and I had no doubt about that. So that was the first thing and then someone gave me a Bible and then the Holy Spirit started to convict me. Well, we have to come through the right channel. We have to have godly conviction and repentance. Otherwise, we never have the other steps right. If we want the word quickened, all the blessings and all the good things, we need to come through the right channel. So the first uh word that was quicker to me was that I was a sinner. When I read the Bible, I started to read. Well, I will read through the New Testament, but one thing uh that really struck me, and I'd just like to to read that Matthew 18:6, it says, "But who so shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me? It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea. Well, I tell you what, I was so convicted. I felt so spoken to because I had a friend. He was, you can say a big green or or whatever you call it. And I tried to help him to get on in the world. They showed him a big wide world. It was me who gave him the first cigarette. It was me who caused him to drink alcohol first. It was me who caused him to do all sorts of things. And then I felt so convicted when I read that he was an innocent child and here am I to mislead a person like that. What can you do when you convicted? You tried to do something. Well, I bought a Bible and uh I gave him a Bible and said, "Forget everything I said. I ever said that's the truth and everything I said was not true." and he thought I've gone nuts at the time. But you see that made a different a conviction. The word quicken you're a sinner caused me trying to to put things right. So I was on the right track in that sense. And then the the glorious thing that happened in my life was um quite a bit later. Yeah. Many things happened but Acts 26:12-18 I like to read that because it's it's really what changed my life completely here Paul speaking where upon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests at midday oh king I saw in the way a light from heaven above the brightness of the sun shining round about me and them which journeyed with me. And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me and saying in the Hebrew tongue, soul, soul, why persecutest thou me? It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks. And I said, who art thou, Lord? And he said, I'm Jesus, whom thou persecutest? I just want to stop there for a moment. You know, Paul the Apostle, he had the word, the Old Testament scriptures, the Torah, and whatever they call it, and the the law of Moses and all these things, and he was zealous. He studied it. He believed it. He was zealous, but he was walking in error. He was walking in blindness, unawares until the great lie came. And you know when the great lie comes, it shines light up on everything. Where we were wrong, where we were going the wrong way, he shines light on upon his word and we suddenly see it the way it is. But until then, he was just working against God, thinking he works for God. See, that's that's his experience. And I believe we all need a similar experience. I think we all need that. And then he says here, "But rise and stand upon thy feet, for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and witness both of these things which thou hast seen and those things in the which I will appear unto thee." You know, he didn't give him that the entire plan. He said, "I will appear unto you, delivering thee from the people and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I sent thee." And here it comes, verse 18. The purpose was to open their eyes. How can he open their eyes? is preaching the word, the anointed word, and then the Lord can quicken that word and to turn them from darkness to light and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me. Now I have to to say I read this in in a a different translation just this verse. You will make them able to understand the truth. They will turn away from darkness to the light. They will turn away from the power of Satan and they will turn to God. then their sins can be forgiven and they can be given a place among God's people, those who have been made holy by believing in me. And that really hit home. It was quickened to me. Yes, I believed in Jesus. I believed in him. I tried to change my entire life. It was quickened to me that by believing in Jesus, I was given a place amongst God's people, sanctified, made holy, part of God's kingdom. You know, that was quickened to me and that changed my entire life. You know, I was very reformed by then and very religious actually. But that was complete deliverance. One word quickened from the Lord to you, it will make a difference. It will make the entire difference. And as I said, sometimes we seek more of God. We seek more. And we already have it. We just need to have it quickened to us. You know, I don't know how to put that across, but it's not some we need no other word. We have the word but it has to be quickened and then it will do something in our lives. I read you another one here in in Colossians chapter 2 vers 13- 15. And you being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, has he quickened together with him? Having forgiven you all trespasses or that if you ever feel guilty, if you have a guilt thing, you know, some people carry that half their lives or all their lives, they feel guilty and then they try to please God. They're they're probably the most faithful churchgoers because they feel guilty and you know some churches like you to stay that way. So you you're under you controlled you know but if it's quickened to you having forgiven you all trespasses for a star believe this word and then how do how do you seal the deal? Well if it's quickened to you you see it and you jump and screaming for for for joy. But if you don't see it and you want that word quickened, you can pray, "Lord, grant me the spirit of revelation, the spirit of wisdom." And I encourage uh people all the time to pray daily for the spirit of wisdom and revelation. And you can also pray for a spirit of discernment and the spirit of of the gifts, you know. But when that is quickened to you, how can you have a quickened? Well, here it says, "Has he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses?" Well, number one, if you believe that, say, "Thank you, Lord, that you forgive me all my trespasses." Amen. If it's old, that means I have none left. Amen. Then I'm free from sin. I'm sinless. You see that has to be quickened. But to in order to get these things quickened to you is giving thanks for it. You know in the book of Romans where it says um we we are um justified, sanctified, glorified. Well, I believe that. But if you say, "Thank you, Lord, that you made me holy. Thank you, Lord, that you justified me, that you forgive me all my sins. You don't remember any of them, even the ones of today. I commit them all under the blood of Christ. You see, by giving thanks, you actually starting in the right direction. And then when God quickens their truth to you, it makes all the difference in your life. All the difference. And you know, we can walk with the Lord for years and years and years and yet still the words they have to be quickened, made alive. Like I said, God loves me. I know that. I sang that in Sunday school. You know, Jesus loves me. This I know. But then it was quickened. Yeah. And the result was his great love came on me, the Holy Spirit. And you know the Satan cannot stay where the Holy Spirit is and I was healed instantly. You know I mean it's it's tremendous. It's tremendous. And it's all the quickening power of God. And then it says for verse 14, blot blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us which was contrary to us and took it out of the way nailing it to the cross and having spoiled principalities and powers he made a show of them triumphing over them. The word is always the truth and it's there for us. What do we have to for a start? We have to read it, believe it, and then say, "Lord, make it real to me." Every word. Every word. I found myself in the past, you know, reading through the New Testament several times, several times, and then you come across the um story how he fed the 5,000 and the how he fed the 3,000, you know, and it repeats in some other gospels. and and one day I thought, "Oh, read it so many times and skip through it." But then I thought, "No, I don't want to skip through it." And the Lord quickened to me some other things in it by stopping and praying and and uh it it was just opened up completely differently. I mean, if you read that story, I just want to mention it. What what happened? They needed food. There was not enough food and Jesus took care of it. First thing he did, he put them into groups of 50 and 100 and made them sit down in the grass. He put an order to it, you know, an order. And people had to submit to that order without seeing the bread and the fish. It wasn't there. But they had to believe him enough to sit there hoping for something they couldn't see. And they did. And then you could Can you imagine here they hand out fish and bread and the one in group number 50 there somewhere? Well, will it come my way? You know, it run out. No, it never ran out. You see, we just stay there and trust the Lord until it happens. you know, never skip a word. I came across, you know, if if you want to see the splinter in your brother's eye, you know, uh uh take the log out of your own or whatever. And and I thought, ah, I have no problem with that. You know, I don't see any fault in people. And I wanted to skip it, but then I thought, well, Lord, if I have a log in my eyes, I wouldn't even see it. So I prayed if there's anything take it away. You know I mean every word has so much in it. See we want to uh you see the leadership of the Holy Spirit continues. You know I'm I'm just about No, I have got another page. Have I still got time? Yeah. I I just like to read you one or two things. Um about the leadership of the Holy Spirit. It continues in in in my life, you know, when I uh had my quickening experience when I received the Holy Ghost. I um I was 27 years old and I traveled the world and did all sorts of things and I felt like settling down and getting married and having a family and people tried to push me or encourage me and it's a natural desire but what happened the Lord said no wait and he said five years well I'm well I'm 27 you know, I'm going to be an old man. You know, 32 is an old man, I thought. But no, it's it's uh and then, okay, what what would I do then if I oh, go to Bible school and I was turned down. That was hurtful in a way, but I got over that. Yeah, I wanted to be missionary and all these things. And then I thought, well, after all these church disappointments, I do it on my own. I don't need the church to to to to uh you know uh sent me or pay me or whatever. I said I I thought the Lord's with me anyway. So I took off on my own and I can honestly say the Lord's been with me all along. All along. I didn't need to to serve a denomination. I I didn't need that. He actually delivered me out of it. So things came the church disappointments and then on one business trip what happened I I first time in my life I heard about William Brandham and then uh ended up you know I cut it a bit short to to listen to messages and was greatly blessed and drawn closer to God. But then I was also meeting with confusion. I was meeting with religious spirits, but praise God, I'm still hearing the same voice that caught me in the first place. You know, that's one thing pe people uh don't realize. When God draws you, when the Lord draws you, you hear his voice. Where are you when you hear his voice? Still in the wilderness, still in the world, that's when you first hear him. come out of it, you know, and follow the same voice. Follow the same voice. Later on when you when you become a Christian and you you exposed to different churches and beliefs and things, there's lots of voices, but it's still the same one that drew you out in the first place that called you is the one to listen to. So I I went through all these different things but I still hearing the same voice of God. You see the Holy Spirit is gentle. It castes out all fear. I've been corned in the past say by zealous religious people. Do you believe this? Do you believe that? Could you do this and unless you believe this you're not the bride and unless this and you you want you know and then I was forceful and then a spirit of fear can come up can come up on you think oh maybe I don't see it right or maybe this look where the love of God castes out all fear where the spirit of God is there's liberty and then I started to realize that's not of God so I could lay it aside. So I, as I said, I was praying daily for discernment, wisdom, and revelation. I still do. And it's a wonderful thing. If you think you're wise enough, then you definitely need to pray for wisdom. And we cannot have enough revelation. But it needs to come from God. It needs to be quickened to you. Lord, quicken your word to me. And when you're in that presence, everything changes. Now, he will lead us right to the end. He will quicken this mortal body whether we are dead or alive. You know, that's I don't want to say anything controversial, but you know, sometimes people say you you need to see this, you need to believe that, and you need need to get that quickening power to change and to make it in the rapture. You need to learn this and that and that. What about if I die tonight? Or what about if you die tonight? He will quicken this mortal body. It's nothing to do with us. It's not how much we know. It's knowing him and he will quicken this mortal body. The same spirit that dwelt in Christ Jesus dwelleth in you. He will quicken this mortal body. It's a matter of having the Holy Ghost. It's not a matter of knowing things or learning things. It's a matter of having the Holy Ghost. And you know, preaching the Holy Ghost is is hard on people sometimes because, oh, have I really got this or haven't I? It's it's easier to learn a religion. It's easier to agree with certain things. It's easier to have a walk like that than being led by the Holy Spirit and subject to him. But you know it's the most important thing is that we filled with the Holy Ghost. Then the quickening power is within us. Nothing can go wrong. That power is within you. Greater is he that's within you than he that is in a world. That quickening power in you, it will quicken his mortal body. It will also quicken his living body when the Lord comes. You know, one glimpse of him makes such a difference. Uh, I'll never forget an experience I had way way back in 1984. I was in Australia in Townsville actually and I was walking down the street and suddenly I felt I looked up, I saw the clouds and I was reminded the Lord could come today. He could come. He comes with the clouds and it could happen any any moment. It could. I rejoiced so much walking down that main street. People turned their heads and looked at me. I don't know what I did or how I looked, but I was leaping for joy just knowing. But you see, right to that moment, I felt quite dry. I didn't feel like rejoicing. I didn't feel like Yes. Somebody says the Lord's coming soon. Yeah. Yeah, I know. Yeah, praise God. He's coming soon and and all these things, but I haven't had that excitement. And sometimes when you don't have that excitement, you feel almost guilty. But you know, he quickens the truth to you. Just one glimpse of him, it changes everything. Everything. So never feel discouraged when you don't feel excited. He he'll excite you, right? 1 Corinthians 15 from verses 51-52 he says, "And behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall be all be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, at the last trump. For the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. Well, what makes us being changed is the quickening power. And if that Holy Spirit is within us, we have that quickening power within us. And it's he that quickens this mortal body. I I really love that. So it's not how much I run, how much I do, it's how much I of him I have in me have the Holy Ghost and you sealed by the Holy Ghost until the day of redemption. So don't you ever despair. John 5:21, for as the Father raises up the dead and quickenth them, even so the Son quickenth whom he will. You see, it is him who raises the dead and quickens them. You see, it's it's not us doing it. You know, if if you know people who know a lot of things, the moment they die, they don't know much. I'm I knew a man well said this way, he was an inventor over in Switzerland. He had an engineering business and they they uh made lathes and things and it's it's a very uh worldwide known business and he invented what was called a cent centrifix you know this I don't want to explain it it doesn't matter an engineering tool and he was the inventor very clever man I met him years later at a race home Well, he was s such a happy man, but he didn't know where he was and what happened and who who he was. He was totally gone mentally, but he was a Christian. So that quickening power is still there. And the Lord still quickens that body. Whether he's mentally passed or not has nothing to do with it. He received Christ when he was younger. That's made all the difference. So it's the father that raises up the dead and quickness them even so the son quickness whom he will. I know it's it's simple scriptures you may know have learned them or known them for years and years but to me that's where life is when it's quickened it becomes alive. you know, even I don't know if you know that, but um when when a woman uh has a baby or gets pregnant, and I didn't know that until the midwife said, "Oh, Bron said, oh, I' I've felt the baby." So, no, it's quickened. She said, "It's quickened." That's a term they use. It has become alive. And you know every word of God if it becomes alive it makes such a huge difference. It's there dormant. You know I I collected some seeds from my last uh planting in the garden. You know I've got a bag full of cucumber seeds, a bag full of pumpkin seeds of you know I've got five bags full of seeds from those plants. There's life in there, but nothing happens until that life is quickened by water, by the by light, you know, it has to be quick. Then it grows into something. But just to have this, it's potential life, but we want to see the life and then we want to see the fruit as well. Romans 8:28-32. We all know these scriptures, but I I'm just uh I love it so much these ones. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them that are the called according to his purpose. And when things don't go right, remember I'm called according to his purpose. I'm cold. He's given me one pound. Don't expect me to to to to invest five if I have only one, but I want to invest what I've got. You say called according to his purpose. Things can go wrong. And we can meditate upon the wrong. And no, I'm called according to his purpose. So these things work together for my good. I might learn something. Some of you who who know me um may know when I was younger I wanted to be more holy. I lived four and a half months in a bush. Nearly died out there. Didn't get more holy, you know, just just uh but I thought I could have uh spared myself that four and a half months in the bush. And now I think no, I needed that. It helped me to come to what I am now. You see, all things work together for good. Even if we seem to take the wrong turn somewhere, it will lead you to the right place eventually. And then he says, for whom he did forno. So we were in the fornowledge of God. He did also predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. So if he were fornown of God and predestinated of God, what does it say? Moreover, whom he did predestinate them he also called. And I think why are we in church? Because we all have been called. Yeah. We heard something inside that drew us to the Lord. So that makes me a um being fallen and predestinated because he called me. I know he called me. So those he predestinated them he also called. And whom he called them he also justified. He justifies. It's not me. He justified and whom he justified them, he also glorified. What shall we say to these things? What should we say to these things? If God be before us, who can be against us? He that spared not his own son but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things? You know, you know, we sometimes underestimate God. No, all things are possible. Even the most impossible situations, God can make a way. Absolutely 100%. You know, I've seen people people in despair know it's finished. In the finish, we had somebody a while ago saw this in despair. Oh, I'm finished. I'm not coming to church anymore. And it lasted two days. But you see, we can get despared. We can get attacked. We can look what we read at the beginning to the to the vanities of this life and the bad things and let us oh look I I'll read that verse first one again in the psalm turn away my eyes from beholding vanity what does it do it puts you down and makes you miserable makes you self- condemned and all these things it's all vanity of life all nonsense but quicken thou me in thy way, in the Lord's way. That it's so wonderful when you think about it. Now, just want to finish with a couple of more scriptures and then we close. Hebrews 9 27 and 28. I love this verse. And he says, "And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment." So Christ was once of offered to bear the sins of many. And unto them, look unto them which one are those that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation. So I can only encourage you. Look for him. Look for him. Look for his coming. Look for him every day. Look for him to quicken his word to you to make himself more real to you. And the last one I have here, and we know that well. Romans 8:11. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit, by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Here it is. It's not by the knowledge that's in you, but it's his spirit that dwelleth in you. And you know that gives me so much rest. If his spirit dwells in me, I don't care what's in here, how much or how little. If his spirit dwells in me, it will quicken this mortal body. And perhaps uh brother Ben can come up. Could we sing that song? If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. Well, God bless you all and I hope it encourages you. [Applause] [Music] Amen. To know him as life more abundantly. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand, shall we? Amen. We have that song, don't we? If the same spirit that raised up Christ from the dead dwell in you. Amen. Aren't you glad? You know, like brother Bram said, if you have the Holy Ghost, the rapture is in you, you're ready to leave. Amen. Aren't you excited to see him? Amen. Soon and very soon, we're going to see the king. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Albert. Appreciate that. Amen. Amen. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. He shall protect your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you, he shall forget your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you for Christmas. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. He shall quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you, he shall quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwell in you, then of course again he shall quicken your mortal body. in the spirit dwell in you. We shall quicken your mortal body if the spirit dwell in you. Hallelujah. Amen. Any promise you see in the word, as brother Alberta said, say, Lord, make it real to me. Not in here, but in my heart. Reveal the reality of it. Amen. And God, how how many of has had the scripture been revealed? Quickened alive. Amen. God doesn't stop. Just keep walking with him. And Lord, keep revealing yourself. Make yourself alive in my life. Amen. Quicken your scripture. I mean, quicken me in your way. I love that psalm. That's powerful. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing that song. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. You've been quickened by the spirit of God. It's transformed your life. Amen. Hey. Amen. You can sing. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Amen. They were gathered in the upper room all praying in his name. They were baptized in the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. Now what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Yes, one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Though these people may not let it be the host of worldly faith, they have all received their Pentecost baptized in Jesus' name. And I'm telling them both far and wide. His power is yet the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Yes, one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. There are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all of flame. They have all received that Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I want to live. Hallelujah. I want to live. Yes. I'm so glad that I can say I want to live. Oh, come my brother. Seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. It will stop the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul a flame. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. Amen. By the grace of God, I'm one of them. Praise the Lord for his grace. Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer tonight. Oh, gracious father, we thank you, Lord. We can say we're one of them, Lord. Quicken by your spirit, filled with your spirit, Lord, that you've made your word alive, too, Father. And just want to just ask dear God as uh Lord for all of us here Lord you know the challenges we're going through Lord I pray we would seek you in your word Lord asking that you would make your word alive to us in every situation of life father may we always turn to you Lord quicken us in your way dear God father we're so thankful that you are still that great quickening spirit Lord that makes your word alive in the life of believers Lord and you're here tonight Lord to make your scriptures alive dear God that goes from ink on paper to burning in our hearts and manifesting. Lord, we thank you for that, Father. We pray, dear God, we as we go our ways, may we meditate upon what we heard, Father. Lord, may we may we seek you in your word, Lord Jesus. May we continue walking with you and may you continue to make your word alive to us, Father, every day, dear God. We love you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. We don't walk, Lord, by an intellectual understanding, Lord, but by the reality of your word, by your Holy Ghost making it live in our hearts, dear God. We want to thank you for that, Father. We ask you dismiss us with your blessing now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Can we sing that song? Can we just sing that song? He's still in the fire. Can we do that? Amen. Just as we go [Music] tonight. Amen. He's still in the fire and he will be there to help you when you call upon his name. So Lord, quicken your word to me when I'm in the fire. Show yourself. Amen. Amen. Should we start with the course? You had to help me out here, Brother Josh. Amen. Thank you. Amen. You glad he's still on the fire though and with you. Amen. Showing himself. Thank God for trials. Eh, you know, before just while you're finding keys, you know, I had this real bad ear infection. I've had it for most of the year and it's still well, it's on its way out. Anyway, the night before we flew out to Canada, I got I had so much pain in my jaw. I couldn't bite my back teeth together on one side and I was just there and I was just praising God for I was awake, you know. I couldn't sleep, but I was having such a good time with the Lord and I just felt, you know, Christine's hand come upon me. She was praying for me. I said, "Thank you, Lord, for this trial. Thank you, Lord, because I can have I was just rejoicing about the Sarapheneician woman and the crumbs off the table and praise God for the crumbs, you know, healing and it's all part of him." So, but I said, "Thank you, Lord, because if I didn't have this, I'd be asleep. So, I wouldn't be having this experience with you." So, I was so happy, you know. So, praise God for the fire cuz he's in it. Amen. So, praise the Lord. So, Amen. So, he's still in the fire and he's walking in the flame and he'll be there to help when you call and he can. Sorry. Can we start from the verse? Sorry, there's my bad story from the Bible [Music] long how the wicked king command and they be thrown into the flame because they would not bow. They deny their father's name. Mama said the case could hide on a balcony sold all. When he looked in it, he was shocked by all the things he saw. Cuz he thought that he would find them like dead upon the ground. But set free. He counted for walking all around. Then I'll set away. There's one thing that I must show. If we went in and three came out, they went that morning. And I never will [Applause] forget across the floor. These are the words I heard say while shouting through the door. Well, he's still in the fire and he's walking in the flame. And he'll be there to help you when you call upon his name. And he can still deliver by his almighty power. While he alone, it's good to know that he's still in the fire. Oh, he alone. It's good to know he's still in the fire. Now, my friend, you may be destined to face life's hardest way, but I'm glad that I can tell you through the power of the name. Yesterday, today is still alive. [Music] He's still in the fire and he's walking in the flame and he'll be there to help you when you call upon his name. And he can still deliver by his almighty power. It's good to know he's still in the fire. Wow. It's good to know he's still in the fire. He's still the pro. He's still in the fire and he's walking in the flame. And he'll be there to help you. And you call upon his name. And he can still deliver by his almighty bow. While here below, it's good to know he's still in the fire. While here below, it's good to know he's still in the fire. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. God bless you, friends. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. God bless you. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
