################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - 130725 - Love The Lord With All Your Mind - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-13
Title:   130725 - Love The Lord With All Your Mind - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQZC2eTKaXg
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Good morning. It's good to be here. It's good to It's always good to worship the Lord. It's always good to um have the opportunity to push the kingdom of God forward, to put our energy into something that's um eternal and everlasting. We have a certain amount of time and we have a certain amount of energy and we have a certain amount of talents. And I think it's good that we align those three to push the kingdom of God forward in some way, shape, or form, which most of you, all of you do. Do you all do that? You all, you know what your talents are? You know what your gifts and callings are? Yep. And you do and you use those for the Lord. You know, it's like we your first our first problem we have as human beings is our the salvation problem. You know, that's our first thing we have to deal with is you know the the state of our soul. There's no point doing anything for the Lord if your soul isn't right. You know, but there is a point you you get a few things. So we settle that problem first as our eternal destination, making our getting our soul clean, you know, and and saving our soul, taking that that that blot of sin that's in our that's in us, taking that away and receiving the spirit of God. That's our that's that's priority number one, you know. Then we then we go from death to life in our soul. But then after that, we're still alive and we still have time. We have energy. We have things. And then then the next most important thing for a Christian is find out what are my gifts and what is my calling, Lord? Why on earth am I still alive? Why am I here? You're not here to just live and do a job and make ends meet and do whatever. You're not here for that. You've got a calling and a purpose. You've got a reason why you're here and you've got a place to fill. And I think as a Christian and me in my life, my priority number one when I really became a Christian was what on earth am I here for? And I didn't stop. I I I was quite aggressive in how I did things. But that's how I do things. I just I didn't care if I felt like I should be doing something. I just went ahead and did it. If it all messed up, I thought that's fine. I know I'm not supposed to do that anymore. But at least I didn't have a question. I don't have any questions. I have no regrets because I've aggressively pursued Lord, what do you want me to do? And I think, you know, I I I think there's grace from the Lord. If we want if if our mission is to try and find that, you know, just some people stand back a bit too much and they think, I don't know if I should, enough, I shouldn't just go and do it, man. If it doesn't work, then don't do it anymore. But brother Brandham always said, he said, "I'd rather have someone that goes out and tries and does something and fails and someone just sits back and criticizes and doesn't do anything, you know." So, you've all got a special place in the kingdom of God and you've got between one and five talents. And if you use if you've got five and you use those, you could end up with six or seven or eight or nine or 10. So, let's stand this morning and let's um let's worship the Lord and let's um let's give a for the kingdom of God today. Let's enter in. Let's let's just call upon the spirit of God this morning Lord. We just want to call upon you Lord and we thank you that Lord that as a sign of gratitude towards you Lord we can present ourselves a living sacrifice to you this morning Lord and and give you our life to song says Lord I give you my heart I give you my soul Lord we can give you our life this morning we can give you our time we can give you our energy as you said thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy soul with all thy strength with all thy might Lord and we just love you this morning with everything that we have Lord we pray you'll be glorified in this morning, Lord. And we're here because we not because we've been dragged along to church, but we're here because we love you and we've made a choice to be here, Lord. We've chosen to be here and worship you this morning, Lord. And we I don't regret my choice, Lord. And I don't think anyone here regrets their choice. We're happy with our choice, Lord, to follow you and to serve you, Lord. So, we just pray you'll bless our service this morning. May you just minister to us through your word, Lord, through Brother Ben, and through the music and everything. We just want to commit this to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's uh actually let's start with I have decided to follow Jesus. &gt;&gt; We've all I was going to ask you that, but you've already decided that's why you're here. It's going to be a different sort of beat. Give me a Give me a Give me a [Applause] decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. One more time. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. No turning back. No turning back. Take this whole world but give me Jesus. Oh, take this whole world but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Well, I had started for the kingdom. Oh, I had started for the kingdom. I had started for the kingdom. No turning back. No turning back. Don't none go with me, still will I follow. Don't none go with me, still will I follow. Don't go with me, still will I follow. No turning back. Don't n go with me. Oh, don't go with me. Still will I follow. Don't go with me. Still will I follow. Don't go with me. Still will I follow. No turning back. No turning back. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. No turning back. My cross. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. No journey but listen. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Amen. No turning back. At the cross I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Oh, at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. [Music] Alas, and did my Savior bleed and did my sovereign die? Would he devote that sacred head to such a one as I would at the cross? At the cross. At the cross. Where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I receive my sight and now I am happy all the days. Was it for crimes that I have done? He groaned upon the tree. Amazing pity, grace unknown, and love beyond decree. Oh, at the cross, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Well, might the sun in darkness hide and shut his glories. When Christ the mighty make died for man the creatures. At the cross, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I receive my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Thus might I hide my blushing face while Calary's cross of years old my heart in thankfulness and melt my heart. Jesus at the cross at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there in my faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. But drops of grief can repay the debt of love I owe. me, Lord, I give myself away is all that I can. Oh, at the cross, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was in my faith I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Oh, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was in my faith. I received my sight. And now I am heaven. Just one more time. At the cross. At the cross. At the cross. Where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy all the days. Amen. Praise the Lord. at the cross. [Music] Well, for I'll praise in the valley, praise on the mountain. [Music] I'll praise when I'm sure. Praise when I'm down. [Music] I'll praise when outnumbered. Praise when surrounded. Cuz praise is the water my enemies drowning. [Music] As long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise [Music] the Lord. Oh my soul. I'm going to praise the Lord, oh my soul. I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise when I feel it. Praise the when I don't. I'll praise cuz I know you're still in control. My praise is a weapon. It's more than a sound. [Music] My praise is the shout that brings Jericho down. And as long as I'm breathing, as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise [Music] the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to praise the Lord, oh my soul. [Music] I'll praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. How praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's no one more time greater than you. How praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you lose and defeated the grave. How praise cuz you're faithful. Praise God cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. Praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? Oh, I'm going to praise [Music] the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. I'm going to praise your praise. Praise the Lord. Oh my soul. I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Oh my soul. And oh no, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to pray [Music] to the Lord. Oh my soul. [Music] What gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer? anymore. There is no more of heaven now to give. [Music] He is my joy, my righteousness and freedom, my steadfast love, my deep and boundless peace. To this I hope my hope is only Jesus. For my life is wholly bound to him. Oh how strange and divine. I can sing. All is mine yet not I. But through Christ in me. [Music] The night is dark, but I am not forsaken. For by my side, the Savior, he will stay. I labor on in weakness and rejoiceing. For in my need his power is displayed. To this I hope my shepherd will defend me. through the deepest valley he will lead. All the night has been won and I shall overcome yet not I but through Christ in me. No faith I dread. I know I am forgive. The future sure the price that has been paid for Jesus paid and suffered for my heart. And he was raised to overthrow the grave. To this I sin has been defeated. Oh Jesus now and never is my [Applause] all the chains are released. I can sing. I am free yet not I but through Christ in me. [Music] With every breath I long to follow Jesus. For he has said that he will bring me home. And day by day I know he will renew until I stand with joy before the throne. To this I hold. My hope is only Jesus. All the gloryy ever more to him. When the race is complete, I my lips shall repeat yet not I but through Christ. They sing win the race. When the race is complete, through my lips shall repeat. Yet not I, but through Christ in me. There's a table that you have prepared for me and the prisons of my enemy. It's your body and your blood you shed for me. This is how I fight my battle. I believe and I believe you've overcome and I will lift my song up. Praise for all you've done. Cuz this is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I [Music] in the valley. I know that you're with me. And surely your goodness and mercy follow me. [Music] [Applause] So my weapons are praise and thanksgiving. This is how I fight my battles. And I believe and I believe you've overcome. I will lift my soul praise for all you. [Music] This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I This is how I fight. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I It may look like May look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like It may look like I'm surrounded. Surrounded by you. Oh yeah. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I may look like. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. [Music] I speak the name of Jesus over you. In your hurting, in your sorrow, I will lost my God to you. I speak the name cuz it's all that I can do. and desperation. I'll seek care and I'll pray this for you. I pray for your healing. The circumstances would change. [Music] I pray that the fear inside my feet in Jesus name. And I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. And I pray for revival, restoration of faith. I pray that the dead come alive in Jesus name. In Jesus name. [Music] In Jesus name. [Music] I speak the name of all authority. [Music] Bearing blessings every promise. He's faithful to me. I speak the name. No rage could ever hold. [Applause] He is gater. He is stronger. He's the God impossible. I pray for your healing. Circumstances will change. I pray that you be inside with me. Jesus name and I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray over your life in Jesus name and I pray for revival restoration of faith and I pray that the dead come alive. Jesus name. In Jesus name. In Jesus name. Come. [Music] Receive it. The power of spirit is now forever yours. Believe it. Come receive it. For in the mighty name of Jesus, all things are possible. Come believe it. Come receive it. For the power of the spirit is now forever yours. Come believe it. Come receive it. In the mighty name of Jesus, all things are possible. I pray for your healing. The circumstances would change. [Music] I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. And I pray that a break through. Oh, it happened today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. And I pray for revival in our faith. I pray that the dead come alive in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's a day for miracles cuz he's a miraculous God. He's the Jehovah of miracles. Amen. you be in his presence, miracles happen. The supernatural takes place. Amen. We believe it this morning. Amen. We're just going to sing one more song I want to sing. I'm going to raise a hallelujah in the presence of my enemies. Jehoshaphat was instructed to do that. He received a word of the Lord that his enem is going to be dead, but send singers before the battle. So, let's sing in the prince of our enemies that God sends ambushments and destroys them all. Amen. He can do it all today, can't he not? Amen. So, amen. Let's sing this uh song, shall we? Before we go to the word. Amen. Amen. Yeah. Help me out. [Music] Raise a hallelujah in the presence of my enemies. I raise a hallelu. Louder than the unbelie. [Music] [Applause] I raise a hallelu. [Music] My is a melody. I raise a hallelu. [Music] Heaven comes to fight for me. Oh, I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar up from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated. The king is alive. [Music] I raise a hallelu with everything inside of me. I raise a hallelujah. I will wash the darkness flee. I raise a hallelu in the middle of the mystery. [Music] I raise a hallelu. Fear you lost your hold on me. I'm going to sing. Oh, I'm going to sing in the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar up from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated. My king is alive. Sing. I'm going to sing in the middle of the stor. You're going to hear my from the ashes will arise. Death is defeated. The king is alive. Sing a little louder. [Music] Sing a little louder. Sing a little louder. Sing a little louder. Sing a little louder. Sing a little louder. [Music] Sing a little louder in the presence of my enemies. Sing a little louder. I'll sing louder than the unbelief. Sing a little louder. My weapon is a melody. Sing a little louder. Oh, heaven comes to fight for me. Sing a little louder. In the presence of my enemies, sing a little louder, louder than the unbelief. Sing a little louder. My weapon is a melody. Sing a little louder. Heaven comes to fight for me. Sing a little louder in the presence of my enemy. Sing a little louder [Music] than the sing louder. Sing a little louder [Music] for me. I'm going to sing. I'm going to sing in the middle of the stor. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar up from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated. My king is alive. I'm going to sing. I'm going to sing. In the middle of the storm. Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises roar. Out from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated. My king is alive. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. He's risen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Thank you musicians. Thanks, brother Father Isaac. Amen. God bless you all. Good morning, everyone. &gt;&gt; Amen. Good to see you all here today. Amen. Let's um let's go to the scripture this morning. We're going to go to Matthew chapter 22 and verse um we're going to read verses, we're just going to read verse 37. Then you can have your seats this morning. Trust everyone's had a good week. Trust some of you have had a good week. &gt;&gt; You know, every day is good. &gt;&gt; This is the day the Lord has made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. And the scripture says, "Let everything that has breath praise ye the Lord." So if you got life in your body, praise ye the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Being down and out has helped nobody. &gt;&gt; I mean, so why be down and out? &gt;&gt; Might as well be courageous and happy and rejoicing. Amen. So let's um let's go here. So we're going to read one verse. says, "Jesus said unto him, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." &gt;&gt; It's not the size of the scripture that counts. It's what's in there. And his word is eternal. Amen. So, let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Amen. You have a need. We'll have needs this morning. Amen. Let's lift them before the Lord with with confidence, with blessed assurance. Amen. Gracious Lord Jesus, how thankful we are. We can say truly the King is alive, Lord. And it's more than just the fact that we could go to Jerusalem and see an empty tomb, Lord. But the fact is your presence is among us, Lord. You're quickening your word to our souls. You're increasing our faith. You're driving the enemy away, dear God. You're walking, Father, among us. And I pray this morning. May you walk among us. May our hearts be completely open, Lord, that you can come and touch our lives, dear God. Walk, walk in this place. We invite you to church, Lord. We invite you to everyone who's streaming as well, dear God. my darling at home. Go and touch her, Father. Lord, anyone else who's unwell, who couldn't be here because of sickness or traveling. And we also want to remember brother Ompomp who's ministering at brother Moses today. Lord, fill his mouth with your words, Lord, for the people there, dear God. Bless the service there and have your way among us. We love you. We thank you for this day. We plead your blood over our lives, Lord. Cover us and hide us under the shadow of your great wings, Lord, this day. We're so thankful for that security, Lord. We love you. We commit the service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats uh this morning. So, I want to I want to just take this scripture here and it's interesting where the Lord is told and maybe we're just going to zoom out to the um to the whole passage here. It says where it says then one of them which was a lawyer asked him a question tempting him and saying master which is the great commandment in the law. Jesus said unto him, thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment. The second is like unto it. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets. So it's interesting. Here comes a lawyer. You know, lawyers are technical people. They want to get you on a technicality and twist you a certain way. And you know, so maybe the lawyer would um say, you know, maybe in his mind was thinking one of the we call the ten commandments or something. But but the Lord, well, he is the lawgiver. Amen. He encapsulated it down to these two things. Love the Lord with all thy heart, soul, and mind, and love thy neighbor as thyself. So the whole word, the whole word hangs on these two commandments. That's how important these things are. The whole word, not part of the word, the whole word. But I want to really focus on this with all by mind. We should love the Lord with all our mind, all of our thinking, our mental faculties. It's very important especially in this age we live in as such a mind age. Mental health crisis and all these troubles that are upon the earth and tension and anxiety. It's all in the mind is the battle. But the Lord told us we should love him with with all of our mind. Now I put this up here. This is um what what that picture is on the right if you're wondering what it was is an aerial view of a section of trenches in World War I. Because the battlefield we have today is in the mind. Now, brother Bram would say this here uh and this is the greatest battle ever fought. It says in the first world war it was so placed in no man's land places where they fought and they got to a place um got to a place selected like when Israel went to war with the Philistines and there was a hill on each side where they gathered and there where Goliath came out and called to the armies of Israel and where David met him in the valley where he passed over the little creek that run between the two hills he picked up the rocks there has to be a place selected and in this and in this there's a mutual ground in no man's land and they fight here at this place. They just don't one fight over here and one down here and one over there. There's a battlefront where they meet and test their powers where each army test its strength against the other army. A mutual meeting place. He says now don't miss this. So when he says something like that, we should not miss what he's saying. I mean when this great battle started on earth, there had to be a mutual meeting place. There had to be a place selected for the battle to begin and for the battle to rage. And that battle grounds begins in the human mind. There is where the battle starts. The human mind was chosen for the place of the battle where it was begun. And this is because that decisions are made from the mind, the head. So I'm just going to readjust myself here a bit from the head. Now it never started from some organization. They never started it from some mechanical affair. The grounds never started there. Therefore, the organization can never never do the work of God because the battle grounds where you've got to meet your enemy is in the mind. You've got to make your choice. It meets you. So there's a battleground that is your mind. Now your mind, I want to put it out to begin with. Your mind is not no man's land. Brother Bam said it's like a no man's land. It's a mutual meeting ground. Even in Papa New Guinea, uh not that long ago, they had mutual battlefields between villages. They actually had like a village oval or a cricket pitch we call it today or a soccer field where they would go fight. They had a mutual place. This is where we battle. And now the Lord allowed the devil to to meet him in the mind of man. So it's very important you got to realize that your your mind is not a no man's land that it doesn't belong to nobody. It belongs to God. Right? It is not just a empty vacant area where the enemy can come in the God comes in. It's just this tussle between two like between two you know trenches who you know who knows World War I right? They had no man's land. and the trenches. You know, there's there was movement of trenches, but it wasn't a very dynamic warfare. It was very static, very fixed position. But the middle where they would try and attack and get advantage and dislodge the enemy from their trench was called no man's land. Now, it was the mutual meeting ground. But I want to tell you, your mind is not a no man's land. It is God's land. Your human spirit belongs to God, right? It doesn't belong to the enemy. It's not some vacant place. No, it should be Emanuel's ground. It should be God's land, &gt;&gt; right? Our soul is the Lord's. Our body is the Lord's. We're a temple of the living God. And our spirit should be the Lord's also. So when he says it's it's it's a no like a mutual it is a mutual meeting ground, but it should be God's land. &gt;&gt; Right? So let's let's just, you know, maybe in the past I've said it's literally no man's land, but it's not literally in no man's land. It's where the enemy meets you, but it's not his. It doesn't belong to him. Right? If it doesn't belong to him, then we have the right to drive him out. Now, it's very important when we look at the if the whole word hangs on these two these two commandments, I think we should pay attention because it's easy. You say, "Well, I love the Lord with all my soul, all that's within me." But what about our minds, right? Because this is where this is where faith and you know, this is where the enemy comes in. This is where the word has to be accepted in the mind first. Like faith starts with I choose to accept the word. That's where faith begins, right? And now even even the um Apostle Paul when he'd speak in Romans chapter 7 and you know he's he's dealing with the fact that we're two natures. You know when the Holy Ghost comes in you have a you have the inner man which is the spirit of God in you. Then you have your carnal nature which is always there. There's always a battle between the carnal nature and the spiritual man. Right? We always have this battle cuz we're in this body. But it doesn't mean that we aren't saved. It doesn't mean that we're going to stay defeated. It doesn't mean that we're never going to make it. No, we just live with this battle, right? But you got to realize with a battle, there's a victor. There's one winning and there's one losing. Like in the Ukraine at the moment, sometimes the Russians win, sometimes the Ukrainians win. But it's all about the amount of weapons are supplied to each side really dictates who's winning. Right now, how now we have a lot of weapons. We've got we've got the greatest weapon that's in existence is the word of God. Amen. So, so we want to we want to feed the inner man &gt;&gt; to to overcome or rather to subdue the flesh man, right? So, he says therefore, I delight in the law of God after the inward man. But I see another man in my members waring against the war of my mind and bringing me into captivity of the law of sin which is in my members. Oh, wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the from the body of this death? I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I serve the law of God, but with the flesh um the law of sin. So he's saying with his mind, I I found this very interesting. He didn't say his heart. He said his mind. So his mental faculties is you know what's in his mind. He serves the law of God which is the Holy Ghost within you. Right? So it's important that we love the law with all our mind. &gt;&gt; Okay? I trust you see there's an importance about this. It's not just you know I'm a Christian now and just you fill your mind up with all kind of garbage. No, you become a garbage can, right? And then the devil can you know you ever see like I remember the good old Gisbon city tip dump that was a real dump man it stunk sea girls everywhere was just a big chaos you know I went to this one not long ago here in silverream that was like 20 odd years ago I was there okay so I'm sure things have advanced but you know now it's all like what do you call it all hygienic you know you just kind of pull up to a thing and you dump your garbage and a rubbish I mean a bulldozer pushes it away and all these things but the Gisbon dump was a real dump I can guarantee you there were rats in that dump. There were mice in that dump. There were scavengers all over that dump. Why? Cuz it was a rubbish dump, right? But if you clean the thing up and you put in good things there, the rats would have to go. Or you put traps in. You'd get rid of the rats, &gt;&gt; right? You wouldn't put up with them there. You'd get rid of the seagulls, whatever. You would deal with them because you don't want them running around. Same thing with our mind, right? We don't want to be a garbage dump for the world. And unfortunately, a lot of things in this world are just trash. You know, I don't want to be social media's trash can. I don't want that stuff in my mind. I want No, I want with my whole mind to serve the Lord because I want to be effective for the kingdom of God. Like brother Isaac was saying, we all got a gift, right? And our gift is not trash can, right? We are the temples of the living God, right? So why let why let the enemy come in and fortify a position with a whole bunch of nonsense and let him bring in supplies, right? Why not dislodge that enemy by the word of God? Amen. Where it's no longer the enemy fighting within you in your mind. No, your mind. By your mind, you serve the law of God. You serve the word of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. I trust we're all happy today. Now, this mind, this word mind actually has a different um in the Bible, it's actually swapped for understanding. And and this is where it says in Ephesians having the understanding darkened being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them because of the blindness of their heart. So the word mind also swap for understanding. So if your mind is darkened you can't see correctly right? You know if people only see the negative that's all they see because their mind is full of negative. They cannot see a way out. But I tell you the word of God always brings a way out. Amen. Because remember we have the answer to every problem which is him which is the Lord Jesus Christ himself. You know, we're not ordained to sit here and worry about life. Worry has helped nobody. Faith is delivered always. Amen. So why worry when you can believe? Why worry? And because it's amazing how man, maybe it's just me, we're built to think negative naturally. You know, man, and maybe it's because of the news and trouble and all the things going on. It gives us a certain way to look negative, right? A lot of the news is always negative. I think Brother Brammy would speak about it. There was a husband and wife. They're sitting there and he's reading the newspaper and she says, "Honey, what's going on in um in the news?" And he just said, "Um, different people, same stuff, you know, it's just a cycle. This person does this. Well, a person 10 years ago did the same thing. And this person did this, well, it's cuz someone else did it before." It's just this same cycle of news always comes around and it's always hyped up to get your attention and, you know, is trying to read Christian headlines, you know, from stuff or whatever it was. And it's never, you know, like the headline nowadays is never a fact. Like this person did this. It's always a clickbait kind of effect because it wants you to open that web page to see. So she can't even just look at the headlines anymore and just read, oh, that's the news. It's trying to grab you. And how it grabs you is it wants to get your attention. It always um what do you call it? Um it's what hyperbole or whatever you call it. You know, it's hyped up. It's always greater than what it really is. &gt;&gt; And it's the same thing. So if it's really bad, the news will say it's really, really, really bad. And so what does that do? That conditions our mind to be negative, right? But we should not be negative in any part of our lives. We should be positive because the Lord Jesus has us in his hands. Amen. We are his children. He can't lose any one of us. Amen. We are his attributes. And there's one thing he cannot do is leave a part of himself behind. No, he's collecting all of himself from this earth and taking us into the rapture. So we cannot ever never let a negative mindset grip you. You say, "Well, my last name should be called negative." No, we're called the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Our last name is Jesus Christ, right? So we should not have a negative attitude. We should always have a positive attitude. Well, the glass is always half empty. Look at it a different angle. It takes the Lord to make you look at things differently. There's a tour on the way to Emmas. So maybe we just go I just we're just going to walk around it, but we'll see how we go. says the two on the way to Emmas they were they had seen the crucifixion they had seen the Lord buried they had seen everything being done but yet because they couldn't grasp what was going on what had happened they were broken sad upset people but rightly so their Messiah had been crucified but they did not understand the greatest thing that was happening in the history of man they were actually living in they saw him physically go to Calvary if they knew what he was doing it would not have been a weeping it would have been a rejoicing it would have been a thanksgiving parade. It would have been such a jubilee time to realize this is the lamb of God and he is taking away the sins of the world. And not just the sins of the world, he's taking away my sin. Amen. He's dying as a sinner in my place that I don't need to go to hell. He is making an atonement for me. A perfect one. Amen. That I don't need to worry if I'm going to make it. No, because he makes it. I make it. Hallelujah. Amen. So then, but you see, they did not understand what was going on. So it was negative. They thought the enem is winning here. This is a disaster. The our whole world has fallen apart. No, the world had not fallen apart. It was going exactly how God wanted it to be. &gt;&gt; You see, and then so they're walking on the way to Emmas. They're down. They're they're they're broken and Jesus. But the thing is, they're talking about the Lord. You know what we can do? You can have God visit your house. You can have him open your door, walk through the front door, touch your life. &gt;&gt; We can have that. &gt;&gt; We can have that. It's not a pie in the sky thing or a well, when the prophet was here kind of thing. No, the same God that visited neighborhoods back there in in in the 50s and 60s and confirmed the faith of people is the same God. This is actually the crux of my service, so maybe we'll just go home after this statement. But you see, the same God that was back there and visited neighborhoods and touched the people's lives and all these things is the very same God that does the same things today. Remember, he is Jesus Christ the &gt;&gt; same yesterday, today, and forever. He's not Jesus Christ not as much as he was yesterday. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. What was really brother's battlecry? Jesus Christ the same. Everything he was back then, he is today, and he he shall be forever. So, he does not change. The one great constant in this life is he is the same. His word is the same. His power is the same. His ability is the same. Everything he can do is exactly the same today as he was back then. And he purchased your healing, your salvation, your deliverance back then. And now he's here to manifest it in our lives. Amen. So he can walk in your door. He can open your door. He Imagine that. I was thinking about me and Christie were having a rejoice over this. I just talked to her about it. Imagine Jesus walking into your house. Oh, that's just an imagination. No, it's the mind. &gt;&gt; What are you thinking on? What are you thinking on the possibilities of what he can do? You see? So, there they are. They're walking along. They're down. They're downcast, but they're talking about him. And what that that caused him to join their conversation. They weren't talking about the stock market or the economics or the things. They were talking about the main thing. Lord, what are you doing in our day? I don't understand. And they were talking back and forth, sad, but their minds were on him. &gt;&gt; We had seen him do many things. We're in the boat with him. We saw him feed the multitudes and raise Lazarus and the woman at the well and changing her and raising the dead woman's son and all these things. But what is he doing now? I don't understand it. But that was what because that had consumed their mind. It's a good thing to be consumed about. And that caused him to draw near. And then he begins to walk along like he doesn't know. And he begins to talk to them and they're surprised. What do you mean you don't know what's going on? And how how on earth can you not under? This is trending news, man. It's not on the other side of the world. It's happening. It happened just a few days ago. How could you not hear the crowd? And were you not caught up in the hosanas of when he came into the city the week before and how did you not see all these things and be part of it? He was the main thing. &gt;&gt; He was part of it. Amen. And he knew the scripture. He was fulfilling. But yet he would pretend that he didn't know. But thing is he be to he be to walk with them and open the scripture to them. And then finally when they came to the came to the you know village on the you know you know when they came to Emmas he was looking like he was going to walk on. They said no come stay the night with us. The day is gone. And you know they sat him down at the head of the table. He broke the bread and I tell you what their eyes came open. Their mind changed. Their mind changed from from from sadness and and and depression and anxiety and stress and worry and questions to joy and thanksgiving and a thrill of excitement. We've seen him. He's alive. Amen. We've seen him. He's not dead anymore. The one walking with us, opening the scripture, walked with us until finally we saw him to who he really was. And they he did that until they caught it. They were part of the resurrection. That changed their whole thinking. that changed their whole life because when they went back to Jerusalem, they didn't walk the same way when they walking to Emmas down and maybe dragging their feet in the dust and looking down and no, they were running &gt;&gt; because they had purpose now. Amen. And and it wasn't a question they running with. They had an answer. We've seen him. Amen. We've seen him alive. He broke the bread. He did something he did before he died. Amen. He did the same manifestation. I tell you what, friend, the same resurrected one. Amen. that you read about in the scripture is the same one that discerned the thoughts and tents of the heart back there in the scripture is the same one in this day. And he's still the same God today. Amen. That we can see we have seen Messiah in this day. His word has come open. He's revealed himself. He's made himself personal to me. Now my thinking has changed because why? I have the solution. I mean I have the answer to the devil's question. I don't need to worry no more because he has revealed himself to me. Not for me to become a religious argumentative type, but for me to realize I'm part of the prophecy of the resurrection in this day. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It changed their thinking. Can we not have the same I believe I'm those two on the way to I believe I'm talking to those two because brother Brand preached two sermons. He said modern events made clear by prophecy. And he goes to Luke chapter 24. So what is he saying? He's saying Luke 24 is prophecy. So, there has to be a fulfillment of the prophecy. And he's saying, "You are the fulfillment of the prophecy." &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why? Because we're living in a resurrection season. The son of man's revealed himself. The sign of the Messiah is done. And what? God is alive and well in 2025. Amen. It changed their whole thinking. So, don't be don't don't be caught up in the negative or the what's the point and the why am I even here and this is lame and this. No. Change your let God change your thinking. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. You see, it's like this here. Jesus is asleep on the boat. They're caught in the storm. The disciples are doing everything they can to keep the boat going cuz they're sailors. They know how to deal with that boat. They know how to deal with the conditions. But the thing is, their thinking, they don't realize who's in the boat with them. Their thinking hasn't come open. Cuz really, if you think about it, if you knew you had Messiah with you, the one who made the Sea of Galilee and made the wind and made everything, wouldn't you wake him up first? Why would you try with your human effort to try and control the situation when you realize the very one who made sun, sea, and skies, and you know, everything is in the boat with you. But you see their thinking their thinking had not been changed yet for them to realize who was really there because finally when they woke him up they were so they marveled. I said what manner of man is this that even the winds and the sea obey him. So they were they were so shocked. What kind of guy is this that's even in our boat? They didn't, you know, it didn't enter into their mind the ability and the and the power, the absolute power and ability of the one in their boat. Because if they really knew that, they would have woken them up before, you know, because they thought they're going to die and they're going to drown all these things cuz they did not realize the one that's asleep in their boat. Friends, your body is a boat. &gt;&gt; I trust Jesus is in your boat, &gt;&gt; right? The one that's within you. Look, they were they they could not fathom who he was, the power that he had, right? But we can look back now and we can see his power and ability. Amen. We can see, yeah, he is the resurrection and the life. He is the deliverer. There's no case too hard for the Lord. Amen. He can create cells where there's dead cells. He can bring bring harmony back where there's chaos. He can take a wayward mind, a wayward spirit, and bring it back to someone. Amen. There's no case too hard from there's nothing impossible with our God. Amen. We can look back 2,000 years of testimony of God rising on the scene, stepping out of history. Amen. And when you begin to think about him, it caus him to step out of history into your situation. Amen. Our God is almighty, all powerful. He's a God of many chances. Amen. He's not some weak God. No, he is the resurrection and the life. He is Messiah. And this message is Messiah. It is Jesus Christ revealed. Amen. So we realize now if he's in our boat, we can wake him up. Hallelujah. Amen. We don't need to think negative and look at conditions of life and this storm and this trouble and this wind and this is out of my control and I tried to manage this but it's just totally out of my control. No, you can wake up Jesus. &gt;&gt; You can wake up Messiah. Amen. And what does he do? He just says a couple of words. Peace. Be still. &gt;&gt; Amen. And all those 10,000 devils swore they drown on that day. Amen. What happened? His those words drove the devils out of the wind and the waves. A I was like telling William the other night, you know what the word of God does? It grabs the devil and throws him out. Amen. Be like brother Ed and brother Kaben grabbing someone and throwing them out of the church. That's what the word does. Amen. The devil doesn't want to leave, but he has to leave. He gets manhandled by the by, you know, by God. He gets put in a headlock and thrown out the door. That's what the word does. Amen. That's what that's what his power does. Doesn't matter how many of them there are. There was legion. There was a lot in in that guy. The word threw him out. Threw them all out. Every single one. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. He's the same God today. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's all powerful. Amen. We know who's in our boat. &gt;&gt; Amen. We know who's in our boat. We've seen him do many mighty things. Amen. And I believe it's time to wake him up. I'm not saying he's asleep in your boat, but I encourage you. Wake him up like never before. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. There's an old slogan. I want you to remember it. Do right. That's your duty to God. Think right. That's your duty to yourself and you're bound to be right. &gt;&gt; So it's your duty to yourself to think right. What value do you put upon yourself? You ain't a trash can. You ain't you ain't something that's useless and no hopeer and there's no value in you. Don't think like that. Your soul is worth more than 10,000 worlds. You know the value of this earth. They don't know how valuable this earth is, the natural earth. cuz we do not know the minerals and the precious metals and all those things that are actually in under the crust like deep down. We don't know how silver comes out and gold and things is because you know volcanoes come, lava comes right deep within the earth. But they can't actually say the earth is worth x amount of dollars. &gt;&gt; They don't know. And brother Bram says you're worth 10 thousands of those they don't knows. That's how valuable the you are. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, you're not some no value useless thing. No, you're worth more than 10,000 worlds. &gt;&gt; You can't even put a dollar sign to you. That's how valuable you are. So, you want to think right cuz it's your duty to yourself. You're you are worth more than a bunch of nonsense Tik Tok videos going through your spirit all the time. &gt;&gt; You're worth far more than that. you're far you're worth far more than some political debate ruling your life all the time or some kind of you know oh my self-esteem's low and all these things. No, if you know who you are in God, your self-esteem will go through the roof cuz you realize your value. Amen. And God is here today, I believe, to tell you you're the most valuable thing in existence. And I don't even want to use the word thing when I'm talking about you because you're not a thing. You're not an object. You're a person. I mean, you're the beloved of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So we don't never want to diminish our thinking just down to what the world wants to put in us. No, let the word of God rule in your life. &gt;&gt; Amen. But it's your duty to yourself to think right. Amen. So don't think negative. Don't think, well, can it really happen. Don't be doubleminded. No. Make up your mind. The word of God is true and God is more than able to fulfill it and I'm one of his children and everything's working for my good. Amen. who's with me this morning. Amen. I'm never out of his care. I'm under the shadow of his great wing. Amen. I'm surrounded by eagle feathers of great Jehovah. Amen. I'm not alone in this world. I'm not cast out somewhere in the dark. No, I've been brought into the light. I mean, I've been brought into the haven of rest. Amen. And I'm safe and secure. No matter what tries to come my way, I'm safe in Almighty God's arms. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. See, he says this here. We'll come to this. He says, you know, it's like it says in James, and we love to quote this, "Draw nigh to God, he'll draw nigh to you." &gt;&gt; Well, how do you do that? Well, I sit on the front row. Is that drawing nigh to God? Or my Bible's closer to me. Or I have the message louder. Or, you know, what does that mean? You think about it. &gt;&gt; You start thinking on him and his goodness. That starts drawing closer to God. God, I love you. You're my everything. This may be very simple today, but I think these things God is in simplicity. &gt;&gt; You know, the message has to become into a practical outworking, not an academic understanding. We want to have victory in everyday life. Maybe I just preached to myself today. Okay? But you know, you think on him &gt;&gt; and not he's not some distant god. He's not an uncaring hunk of stone somewhere in some old temple somewhere and that's him. No, he's a living God. The Apostle Paul says he's not far from any one of us. He's closer than your next breath. Amen. The word says, "Where two or three are gathered in my name, there I am in the midst." So you just look at your neighbor and realize God's between you and your neighbor. Look at your neighbor. God's between you and your neighbor. &gt;&gt; That's how close he is. Oh, he's up in the heavens somewhere. No, he's not. No, deity is in you. &gt;&gt; He's in heaven, but he's also in you. So, he's not some far away place. And you know, because our mind, the devil, wants us to think that God doesn't care. He doesn't understand. He doesn't hear our prayers. No, his blood puts us on speaking terms with him. &gt;&gt; It puts us in that condition. You say, "Well, no, there's no way God could ever visit my house. You know, I was thinking about that. And if you look at look at the ones in the Old Testament that the Lord appeared to, Moses was a runaway prophet backsliden on the back side of the desert. Forgot his commission. tried to hide just to live out his life and die being a shepherd in Midian and the Lord appeared to him. Look at Gideon threshing weed in secret, hiding, fearful of the enemy and the Lord appeared to him. A mean look at Samson's parents just doing their thing and the Lord appeared to them. Amen. So, so what about you? Look at the Apostle Paul. What was his mission? Going to Damascus. I'm going to wipe out this cult. I'm going to wipe out this sect of Jesus of Nazarene and I'm going to get rid of this thing. That was his heart. His mind was consumed by that and the Lord appeared to him. &gt;&gt; So why do we think that God cannot visit our house and visit us and change our lives? &gt;&gt; Are we in that condition? I'm just using those to show you can be in any condition you want. Legion was the way he was and the Lord came to him. Amen. Dus's daughter was dead and the Lord came to him. Lazarus was dead in the tomb and the Lord came to him. &gt;&gt; I think that fits kind of everyone here, &gt;&gt; right? So there's no one outside of the bracket where God cannot come and step in and reveal himself and speak and change our lives. No, he can do it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. See, he says this here. He says, "Wherefore be not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is, and be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess, but be filled with the spirit. Be filled. Be overflowing. Get intoxicated. &gt;&gt; We don't just have a sociable drink around here. We get drunk &gt;&gt; in the spirit. Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. So start singing a happy song &gt;&gt; in your heart. You say, "Well, I'm not used to doing that." Retrain your mind. &gt;&gt; It's your duty to yourself. Oh, but I'm always thinking negative and what I can't, you know, the failure I am as a Christian. and all these things. Stop that. &gt;&gt; Stop thinking negative about you. You're an overcomer. &gt;&gt; You've been built to overcome. You're a champion. Amen. You're God's heroes in this end time. You're a hero of faith. Amen. You're are God's victory. We're not useless. We're not hopeless. We're not no hopers. We're not just benchwarmers or orange boys or water boys. No, we're on the field. &gt;&gt; Amen. This is who we are. We are made to overcome. Amen. When the Lord wrote about this age, and to him that overcomemeth will will sit down on my throne as I overcame and sat down on my father's throne, who was he thinking about when he wrote that? &gt;&gt; He had specific people in mind. He didn't just have a he, you know, it wasn't just some empty invitation that he just threw out there and he's wondering who's going to RSVP and say, "Here I am." He knew exactly who was going to overcome. He's not surprised that you're an overcomer. He's not surprised that you want to serve him. &gt;&gt; So why do we beat ourselves up about it? It's the enemy trying to make us think negative about ourselves. And quite frankly, we got to get our mind off ourselves and get our mind on our lamb. Amen. Because he overcame hell, death, and the grave. He conquered all things. He's the one who fulfills his word. He's the high priest over his own word to fulfill it. So why think about you? Change your thinking to think about him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Are we all together this morning? I tell you what I found in my own little experience when I go to thinking on the Lord, I never stay sad. &gt;&gt; There's a joy comes in. There's a peace cuz you be because you begin to realize he was examined and found blameless. He was offered and he was accepted. Amen. He's now on the right hand, the majesty on high interceding over his own word. He's the one who found me. He's the one who saved me. He's the one. You want a joy in your step? Think about what he's done for you. &gt;&gt; Think about where you came from. You say, "Well, I was raised in the message, but why do you want to serve him?" God put that in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. I think we should just You just It'll It'll make you happy. &gt;&gt; It'll make you very happy. That's why it says speaking to yourselves in psalms, hymns. I'm just repeating this because I think we need to Let's make this a daily habit. What's going on in your head? Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Amen. I've got joy unspeakable and full of I'm not going to keep singing. I don't want to scare you. But but you see that should be not my voice in your head, but a nice one. Your one, right? But shouldn't that be it? You say, "I don't feel it. Think it." &gt;&gt; It's your duty to yourself. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what we should do. &gt;&gt; Now, we'll go here. I'm just I'm I'm just going to let's just do this for a second now because because some people think, well, if God really dwells in me, I'll never have a negative bad thought in my days. That ain't the case. &gt;&gt; Okay? But you can deal with the thoughts. &gt;&gt; It's like there and you know, I'll just go back to this picture. You know, it's like just say we're in that trench on the that trench system in the right hand side. The enem is advancing. You know, what do we do? Do we just watch them come and watch them throw bombs and machine gun us and No, you start shooting. You shoot before they shoot, right? You deal with them as they're advancing towards you, right? Just because they're attacking you doesn't mean you've you're defeated. Doesn't mean they own your trench. No, it's your it's your mind, right? It's your spirit &gt;&gt; and you place it in the Lord's hands, right? So let's just well let's just find this here cuz so there's always that thing well if I you know if I have a negative thought then how can I have victory and all these things no it's what you do with that negative thought it's what you do see if any see if any thought comes by well maybe uh it couldn't be so maybe get your mind off it right quick so the doubt comes into your mind well I don't know is this really true can he really help me no get that out of your thinking completely think on things that's positive. Never let a negative thought pass through or don't let it stop anyhow if it starts through. Just keep your thoughts positive. Jesus, don't think sitting here in a wheelchair you that you're hopeless, helpless. You're not. Don't let that negative thought ever pass through or don't let it anchor. You can't help it going through your mind. That's right. But don't let it stop. Like the old farmer said, "I can't keep the birds from flying over my place." But he had a double barrel shotgun said, "I am sure can keep them from roosting." Amen. So you do the same thing and you and you too see. Don't let them roost. Let them pass right on through there. Now there's a shotgun to use both new and old testament. It's a double barrel. It's very good, too. I'll tell you, it'll keep them all away. Amen. So whenever a negative thought comes in, no, you combat it with a positive thought. &gt;&gt; Amen. You say, well, the thought comes in, I don't, you know, my sins are all around me. I can never be free. And you know, you think, no, as far as east is from the west, so far, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, God isn't the same today. And I wish he had moved like he did back in the few years ago. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. I'm giving you some shotgun shells. Put them up and get a beat on that bird and shoot it out of the sky. Amen. You know am I even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man but unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works saying blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven and whose sins are covered. Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin. So am I doing enough? Are my works really manifesting my faith? Well, you are God has imputed righteousness to you without works because of your faith. We're shooting out roosters and buzzards. the trust. &gt;&gt; Amen. Will yo, will the Lord pardon me? Will let the wicked forsake his way and the unrighteous man his thoughts and let him return unto the Lord and we he will have mercy upon him and to our God for he will abundantly pardon. Amen. I like that. He'll abundantly pardon. Notice a little bit pardon. I'm going to abundantly pardon. &gt;&gt; Amen. The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord and he delightth in his way. Am I really walking the Lord's perfect will? You got to trust your steps are ordered, &gt;&gt; right? You got to trust that your steps are ordered. Well, if God was ordering my steps, you would never have a bad day or any trouble. Israel's steps were ordered by the Lord coming out of Egypt. They went to, you know, remember they crossed the Red Sea. They had a Jubilee meeting right there. Where did the Lord lead them? Three days in the desert without any water. And the water they came to was the place they called Mara. It was bitter water. They started to drink. Maybe the elation would have, you know, rushed through them when they saw water. They would have been running to the water hole or wherever it was. And then they grab that water they put in their mouth and they spit it out because it's bitter and they begin to question why has the Lord brought us to a bitter experience. Their footsteps were ordered there and the Lord inspired Moses to take a tree and cut it down and put it in the water. It became sweet. Amen. And that tree that you that that he cut down was the cross. And when you add the cross to a bitter experience, it becomes sweet. &gt;&gt; Amen. So their footsteps were ordered into a bitter experience. But it did not stay bitter because they mixed the right ingredient which was Calvary. &gt;&gt; Amen. So you know some who doubt am I really you know if things are if I'm walking in the ways of the Lord why is it tough and hard? Well they had a bit of time God led them there. Trust the Lord's leading you. Amen. Though he fall he shall not be utterly cast down. The Lord upholdeth him with his hand. I've fallen again. How can I ever get up? Blast that thing out. No. The Lord upholds you in his hand. How am I ever going to provide? There's always those questions and doubts, especially in this kind of a climate that we're in. Well, David would say, I've been young and I'm old, yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. Amen. That was that was David's experience and that is our experience. So, you take your shotgun of that scripture, you blast the enemy out when he brings doubts and questions how you're going to be for the future. No, the Lord will provide. He is Jehovah Gyra in every part of our lives. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. This is um Psalm 121. I just enjoyed these so I thought I'd share them with you. Okay. We're just going to read some scripture for a bit. Not too long though. So it says a song of degrees. Now that the word degrees actually actually means elevation. Actually means ascension. Amen. So so when you begin to think about this here, he says I'll lift up my eyes from the hills from whence cometh my help. My help cometh from the Lord which made heaven and earth. Amen. He'll not suffer thy foot to be moved. He that keepeth thee will not slumber. Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither s slumber nor sleep. The Lord is my keeper. The Lord is my shade upon thy right hand. The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil. Are you ascending? As you read this, do you feel lifted up? When do you realize the Lord's my keeper? &gt;&gt; The Lord is my strength. My help cometh from the Lord. Almighty God is my help. Amen. He's my strength. He made heaven and earth. Does it not lift up your spirits a bit when you begin to realize if God be before me, who can be against me? &gt;&gt; He shall preserve thee from all evil. He shall preserve thy soul. The Lord shall preserve thy going out, thy coming in from this time forth and even for ever more. &gt;&gt; Amen. You're in the middle of a trial. You think there's no way you can get out of it. You take this shell. It's a good one. No weapon that's formed against thee shall prosper. Amen. And every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. What is that tongue that rise up against you? That's the tongue of the enemy trying to make you think you've gone too far. You've crossed the line of mercy and judgment. There's no hope for you. Amen. You should have done better. The reason this has happened is because of your what you've done in your past and all these things. You condemn that tongue in the name of Jesus Christ. Don't let that thing beat you, beat you up. No. The Lord is your helper. He's your strength. And this weapon will not prosper against you. It will fall at your feet. You'll walk out victorious. Amen. That'll kill a big vulture. I tell you what. Amen. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord. And their righteousness is of me, sayeth the Lord. I like that. Our righteousness is not of ourselves. It's of him. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Surely he has borne our griefs. He's carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastise of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray. We have turned everyone to his own way. And the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all that covers every sin, every trouble, everything that could be held against you. He took it. &gt;&gt; Amen. But my God shall supply all of your needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus. Amen. I just got a I just got two more. Let your conversation be without covetousness, and be content with such things as you have, for he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee. Amen. So that we may boldly say, &gt;&gt; not boldly, the Lord is my helper. Let's say that now. The Lord is my helper. Amen. And I will not fear what man shall do unto me. Why? Because he is my helper. Hallelujah. Amen. Here's another one. Cuz the, you know, the world loves to loves to make things or the devil likes to make us think that things are totally out of our grasp. the situations are too complex, too, you know, we just can't get a hold of things. It's totally overwhelming. Well, therefore, you lack wisdom. But if you lack wisdom, ask of him. &gt;&gt; And he see and he giveth to all men liberally and uprath not. So, he doesn't get offended when you say, "Lord, I need wisdom." He's like, "Good. &gt;&gt; I'm going to give it to you, and it shall be given to him." &gt;&gt; I mean, he gives it liberally, not just a little bit. He gives an abundance of wisdom. Lord, I need help in this situation. there's these there's these, you know, crows crowing around in my mind. I got trouble. I don't know how to sort the situation out of my family or my life. And what can I do? And he says, I'll give you wisdom. I'll show you how to take that shotgun, lead it a little bit, blast it away. Amen. And he'll give the answer. &gt;&gt; Amen. What are all these things? This is this is this is this is weapons. This is armies going into no man's land. So, you got to put soldiers on the battlefield. Amen. Give God something to work with. It's like many times we say, "Lord, deliver me. Help me." It should, that's a good prayer, but it should be, "Lord, show me how you can use my faith in my life to overcome this obstacle, right? Like David, you know, he's fighting the Philistines and he's, you know, he's behind the Malbury trees or even before that and and he's asking Lord, Lord, how do I fight this enemy?" He's not saying, "Lord, deliver me, help me, and fight my battles." He realizes God's going to use him to fight the battles, right? And he but he's trusting in not in his own ability. He's trusting in God anointing them to be victorious. So he's saying, "God, show me what I need to do to overcome this enemy." That's putting faith into action. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, &gt;&gt; I want to go back to this because I want to finish with this if I can find it here. He says, "As Solomon said, as a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he." Begin to think that you're one of his children, that he saved you and he's good to you and you love him and he loves you. Don't just wait till you go to church or some convenient hour, just keep him on your mind all the time. And as she went on walking down the street, this is speaking about Mary going to the well. Uh there was uh no one yet on the street. As she walked along the little dirt path of a sidewalk, all of a sudden, she began to realize there was something around her. A real strange feeling. Oh, that's the most wonderful experience. I trust that everyone here has experienced them kind of times. If you haven't, this would be a good night to start. Just start thinking about him and worship him in your heart. And all of a sudden, you'll feel the close fellowship of the Holy Spirit all around you. And you get so anointed till you can't hold it any longer. you raise up your hands and will do something you just can't stand still when it comes. &gt;&gt; This is not theory. This is reality. Who's had experience like being to think on the Lord, meditate on his goodness, and the atmosphere around you changes? That's him. &gt;&gt; That's him drawing close. That's you actually inviting him into your presence. &gt;&gt; That's why you sing melodies and psalms and things to the Lord. You've been to think on him and how great he is. It draws him close. That's you drawing nigh to God. And if you want angels to appear to you, keep your mind on God and off the things of the world. Go about your business. Go to your church. Go to your washing of dishes. Whatever you are, keep your mind on him all day and all night long. Then God will do something. You're drawing close to him. You've got the world shut out. Just you and he are together. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Who wants that? &gt;&gt; We can have that more than we've ever had in our entire lives. We can have God literally come into your house. We had it during co I remember John Andy's was preaching about the angel of the Lord coming down neighborhoods and meeting needs and answering prayers and all these things. And so so we had a time of prayer after one of those meetings and and and and the Lord visited our house. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's not a one-time thing. He can visit every day. You say, "But he's in me." But he can visit every day. He can step into your house into whatever you're going through and just you start thinking on him because when he comes the supernatural happens lives are changed. Hearts are touched. Wayward ones faith comes. Blindness leaves. Spirits leave when he comes. Amen. God brings the answer. God heals. God raises the dead. God does when he comes. Everything is over when he comes. So that's why, you know, when we invite him in, what we're doing? We're letting the battle go into his hand. You say, "Well, it's just like I'm hitting a brick wall with my family." Invite him and let him change the atmosphere and soften hearts. And you will see what he will do. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Ram would tell the story here. He'd say, "If I can find this, he speaks about two ladies. They went to a they went to a meeting. Maybe I can't find it here, but well, I'll just tell it. They went to a meeting and then, you know, they went across the prayer line. and one had cancer and one had a goiter or something and you know but they went across the prayer line and you know and and and and the Lord said well through the prophet you're healed but for 6 weeks the healing hadn't come yet but they took that promise and they believe no God said I'm healed so God will bring it to manifestation so one had problems she couldn't eat anything barely and she was had trouble eating things for 6 weeks but then there came a day where Jesus started walking down the neighborhood and came into her house and she felt this cool feeling come over her. Then she picked up something that made her sick and drank it. Felt fine. She started eating a whole bunch of food. And then she realized, well, the feast come my way. He's coming to my neighbor's way who has the cancer. And then so she ran to her neighbor. Her neighbors, brother says, was all was on all fours screaming and praising God because the cancer left her body. Why? Cuz the angel of the Lord came and confirmed the prayer that, you know, that happened for them in the meeting. Why? But what they do, they begin to thank the Lord. Lord, thank you. &gt;&gt; Your word is true. You've told me I'm healed. His word says we're we're healed. &gt;&gt; Amen. Don't let doubt come in and say, "Well, it hasn't happened yet." Time is irrelevant to God. Just keep praising him and thank him and God will come down and visit us in our homes and meet our needs. Is that okay? &gt;&gt; He did it back then. He'll do it in 2025. Oh, he'll never come to my home. Yeah, he will roll out the red carpet. Think today's the day. Well, if it's not today, it'll be tomorrow. Jesus is going to come by my way. The Lord of glory is going to come into my house. That to me that's very exciting. &gt;&gt; That's incredibly exciting that Jesus could come to my house and I want him and he always comes where he's invited. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You know, so if you begin to think upon him, then all of the all of and you think on his testimonies and what he's done, it brings him into the present tense, right? because we have the ability by faith to call him out of history. Amen. This is what this message has done. It's lifted God out of history and brought him into the present. Amen. So like you know like blind Barameus, he was he was told by his mom when he was young all the great Bible stories of what God did in Jericho. You know how you know how Joshua came over and Rahab was there and you know she put the token down, she put down the scarlet rope and the people that all got into the house was saved when when Joshua went around the walls and you know shouted and all those things their house didn't fall down flat you know and would tell about the Jordan there about how the priest would you know put his put his foot in the put his foot in the Jordan with the ark and it parted the Israelites crossed over and you know when Elijah was there and he and he struck the Jordan it parted and him and Elisha parted over and there was, you know, Elijah went up in the chariot ride. I'm just condensing a whole bunch of stories into real, right? But, but she would drill into him. Our God did these things right here. Amen. And what can we do even in 2025? We can say, "And our God &gt;&gt; did mighty things right here." And he's the same God today. Sure, we can go back to the Bible. We can go back to Brother Bram. But we can say, "And our God, the God that did those things is the same Jesus Christ that does the same things here." Amen. And he's alive today. Amen. So you can take all those things and you begin to think on those testimonies. What does it do? It changes your thinking. Well, if he did it back there, he can do it for me. Amen. If he can heal that person, he can heal me. If he can deliver that person, he can deliver me. &gt;&gt; Amen. If he can mend that family, he can mend my family. He can do anything. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, so he began to think because his mama told her told him of the reality of God. But you see now the priest he, you know, he would sit there blind and, you know, he'd think about you, he he'd sit there, you know, uh, the gates of Jericho and it was, you know, he'd warm himself against the walls of the city because the, you know, stones would absorb the heat and he'd warm himself against the walls of the city. He'd be think about what his mama would tell him when he was young. and he'd think, "Oh, if I could only be there when great, you know, when great Jehovah was there, then, you know, if if only I was there, those those prophets would put their hands upon me and they would pronounce me well and I'd get my sight back." But he says, he says, "But my the priest just tell me the days of miracles is passed. There's no such a thing as Jehovah doing such things now. We just keep the law." Friends, don't let no one put that down into your head &gt;&gt; that we're living in a day of just an intellectual understanding. We're just wanting to, oh, the word's come open. It's a bride's revival. It's a word revival. What does that do? It brings the supernatural out like never before. It brings the reality of God out like never before. When the word has come open in the history in history, the supernatural has followed to prove that it's come open. Right? happened in Moses day, happened when Jesus was here, happened through the reformation. The supernatural followed every revival. So why would it not follow this revival? I say it does. But so never let someone put that down your throat that no, God doesn't do those things. We don't need miracles anymore. We need miracles. &gt;&gt; We need divine healing. We need the devil to be cast out. We need tongues interpretation. We need prophecy. We need every gift of the body. We need every supernatural thing God could do. We need it. You say, "No, we don't." Well, we if you have sickness or or some kind of thing happen in your family, you realize, "I need God." Amen. We need the supernatural. Oh, we don't need angels to visit our homes. Yes, we do. &gt;&gt; Oh, we don't need God to do that. Oh, that was just in the prophet's day and that's good enough. No, it's not. &gt;&gt; I don't I don't like looking at a painted fire. &gt;&gt; You can have a video. You can have I don't know what the what's the highest resolution, 8K or 16K. You can have the fanciest ultra real screen with a fire on it. That doesn't excite me none. I can't get warm by it. &gt;&gt; All it does is actually make me resent the fact it's not real, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But you get a real fire. It can be a little thing, but if it gives a bit of warmth, I'm happy, right? Because it's actually real, &gt;&gt; right? And we do not have a painted fire of yes, 50 years ago the prophet was here and the angel of the Lord was here, but now it's different. It ain't different. That same mighty angel Christ is with us today. &gt;&gt; Who lives in you? It's him. Right? So we never never let no one say, "Well, we just got to keep the word. It's just like this." No. The same God there is the same God to make the word live today. &gt;&gt; And as he was sitting there thinking about those things because what was on his mind? Jehovah God. He's a God of miracles. What did he find himself happening when he was there warming himself by the walls of the walls of the city thinking if only he could see that Jehovah of miracles again? The Jehovah of miracles more than a prophet, more than a holy man, Jehovah made flesh was walking past him cuz he was thinking about him. And what was on Jehovah's mind? What was on Jesus' mind? Calvary. Cuz he was going there into Jerusalem, there to the cross, to the grave, then ascend. that that was what was on his mind. But because because you know there was a big noise was going on because where Jesus is there's always a little noise around and you know and and blind Barameus was sitting there saying who's this? I haven't heard this kind of a ruckus before of you know because some were crying out hosana others were crying out he's be elabub and all this kind of confusion going on where he was but he asked began to ask people what who is this Jesus of Nazareth? these people, who is this person? And some kind old lady sat down and said, "Bardameus, I'll tell you what I've heard about him." Amen. &gt;&gt; Lazarus came out of the tomb. &gt;&gt; The storms were sealed. Amen. The blind received their sight. The cripples walked. The lame could run. Amen. Demons were cast out. This is what this man has done. And what happened now? because his mind was on the God that did these things. He realized the very God that did those miracles was walking right past him. So what did that do? That built a faith in his life cuz he was thinking about the right things. It caused God to walk right past him. He cried out, "Jesus of Nazareth, son of David, have mercy on me." Amen. And people tried to say, "Be quiet." He said, "No, I must get a touch from the master. That's why he's walking this way, cuz so I can get a touch." He cried all the more. And it wasn't his lips, his voice, his noise that he made. It was his faith and said, "And Jesus stood still &gt;&gt; and said, "Go get him." Why? Because his mind &gt;&gt; was on the right things. &gt;&gt; Jesus stood still. And he was no longer blind Barameus. After that, he was seeing. He was Barameus. &gt;&gt; Why? Because he was thinking on the right things. naturally he could never get his eyes back. Don't think about naturally how things can work out. Think about what God can do in your situation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Brother Brand was invited, you know, to a hospital and someone's um I can't remember who it was, but you know, their their their vitals that were coming up on the charts and the instruments was saying there's no way this boy can live because he's dropped below a certain level of heart rate or whatever it is. I can't remember. But but his parents invited brother to come and pray for the son. And then brother Bam came and prayed for him and the and the mom and dad were just rejoicing. &gt;&gt; So happy that their son was going to get well, &gt;&gt; but his vitals were still very low. And the nurse was actually saying, "No, this is wrong. Be quiet. How could you do this?" And you know, and and and and the old dad just said to the nurse, "Look, look, look, honey, you're looking you're trained to look at these things, right? The vitals and the numbers. We're looking at a promise, and it's never failed." and he came back. He was healthy, strong and well. Got out of that hospital. Why? Because their mind was God is able to fulfill his word and God fulfilled it. They weren't looking at natural things. So take the natural things off your mind. It's got to be a certain way and you know, nature's got to take its course. We're not waiting for nature to take its course. We're waiting for God to fulfill his word. &gt;&gt; Let God take his course. Right? So let's have the musicians this morning. I say friends, let's invite the Lord Jesus. They say, "What do I do?" Open your heart. Think on him. It'll produce an expectation and God will do the miraculous. Amen. Amen. Let's um I want to stand. Let's sing our God is tremendous &gt;&gt; because he's tremendous. Amen. Amen. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. &gt;&gt; Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. I'm reading this. I want you to think about what you're singing. You say, "Well, I don't know what to sing as I'm going about my day." This is a good song. &gt;&gt; He hears me. Thank you, Lord. You hear me? Then you just go off into prayer and rejoicing. What? It gives you a peace and a stability. Amen. Amen. Let's go. I'm in need. I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. won't forget his own. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior, is Jesus, the lion, a shooter. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he the almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no stone too powerful. How God cannot handle how God is simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah is the great and fuller as he only will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Your victory will come not the way that you think it should, but my great Jehovah, we just love the paradox to stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He says his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God is simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yet he's the Almighty. He said everything [Applause] there [Music] [Applause] simplicity [Music] came down from the floor gave us the greatest love Glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] done. Um when Gabriel was born, he had um a list of things that they said was wrong with him. I don't think me and Mari ever accepted any of them for Gabriel on his behalf. Um one of them was he had a heart moment which pretty much means he had a hole in his heart. Um so that was there. Um we went in for uh it's called an echo at one years old and he still had like the the murmur which means that he was a heart in his hole uh a hole in his heart. Um, but he went for an echo recently and that hole has closed up. So, his heart is fully normal. So, I just want to give all the glory to God. I'm very thankful that my boy is whole and well and his heart is normal. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Our God's a healer. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Here's [Music] an exercise for later. Try and think something different to what you're saying. Try and do it later. You'll find you can't do it. So, if your mind is all negative and down, start confessing positive. It will tell that thing to shut up, &gt;&gt; right? And because when you confess it, it tells us to be quiet. But then when you confess the word, God is our high priest can now act on your confession. &gt;&gt; Right? So don't confess. If you're thinking negative negative, confess positive. And if you're thinking positive, confess positive. Okay? Amen. But victory is mine. Let's just open our hearts and praise the Lord. And Amen. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. While I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ and love is mine. Yes, love is mine. Love today is mine. [Music] I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ and joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. And I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. And peace is mine. Peace is mine. Peace today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Well, I got up this morning. I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. Said, "Lord, how I got up on my feet with victory. Oh, he is mine." Yes, he is mine. Today is [Applause] Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Temperance is mine. Temperance is mine. Temperance today is high. I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. And perfect. [Music] I told you to get me in the name of Jesus Christ. I got this morning. I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down. I said, "Lord, help me." I got my victory. Theure is mine. The rapture today is mine. I sat to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. My family is mine. My family is mine. My family is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me in the name of Jesus Christ. And all things are all things are mine. All things from God [Applause] to get me in the name of Jesus Christ. And happiness is mine. Happiness is mine. Happiness today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Eternal life is mine. Eternal life is mine. Eternal life today is mine. [Applause] Well, I told Satan to get me behind. Eternal life today is mine. Amen. Amen. You believe that this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayers. And if you want to be remembered, say, "Lord, help me, dear God. My mind would be full of you, your word, your goodness." Amen. We love the Lord with all thy mind. Amen. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, to think dear God to love you with all our soul, mind, and strength, Father, and to love our neighbor as thyself. Your whole word hangs on those two commandments. So, Father, I pray, dear God, as we go into this week, may our minds be full of your promises, full of your goodness, Lord. May our minds be full of testimonies, dear God, of of when you have fulfilled your word. May our minds be full of singing, of rejoicing, Lord, of thanksgiving, Lord, cuz you're the almighty God that made heavens and earth. You're the almighty God that carried our sins far away. You're the almighty God that fulfills your word, Lord Jesus. And you're our God, and we are your children, Lord. So, I pray may we think on these things, Lord. I didn't get to the scripture, but it says in Philippians that all things that are good and honest, of good report, have any virtue, think on these things. So may we do that Lord into this week. And I pray dear God may we just think about Lord you and you coming by our way. Father I pray dear God you put an expectation our hearts. May we just think on the Lord of you coming through our front door. You visiting our home. You touching all of our lives Lord. May we Lord we want to draw you close dear God. We love you so much. We thank you. You are still the Jehovah of miracles. You still visit families, visit people, visit homes. Lord, change lives, touch, Lord, those who have need. We thank you for that, dear God. So may we think on those things, Lord, and rejoice and love you more through this week. We're so thankful, Lord. We can draw nigh to you. You draw nigh to us. Just pray you dismiss us with your blessing now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, friends. Um, Brother Isaac, you want to sing a song and you can send us on our merry way? &gt;&gt; Um, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Oh, the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see. One more time. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord. Oh, you open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see see you high see you high lifted up shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. [Music] Open the eyes. Open the eyes of mine. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see. Oh, you open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. Heat. Heat. [Music] Shining in the light for your power and love. We see you. See you. See you. I live. See you shine. [Music] We sing holy, holy, holy. [Music] Oh, we sing holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. We sing holy, holy, holy. I want to see. You are holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. Oh, you are holy, holy, holy. We cry holy, holy, holy. I want to sing. You are holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. We cry holy. You are holy. [Music] I want to see. See you. I see you. I lift it up. See you shining in the light of your glory. You pour out your power and love. High lifted high lifted up shining in the light. Pour out your power and love. [Music] Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord. But won't you open the eyes of my heart? I want to see you. Yes, I do. Oh, I want to see. Amen. Let's pray this morning. Lord, we thank you that you've made us in such a way, Lord, that we can have a choice to have faith in you or to doubt you, Lord. And we choose this morning as believers to have faith in your word. We choose to, Lord, only let our minds, Lord, venture out into the on the pathway of faith. Lord, we don't want to venture on the pathway of doubt, on the pathway of unbelief, on the pathway of fear, on the pathway of hopelessness or helplessness or or or Lord, loneliness or thinking, Lord, that you're not a God that provides, you're not a God that heals, you're not a God that that sees or hears. Lord, we want we we venture along the path of faith where we know you're the you're the healer. You're the redeemer. You're the savior. You're the provider, Lord. And regardless of what the situation might be, we focus our mind on those things, Lord. We focus our mind upon your word. As your word says, God is not a man that he should lie, neither son of man that he should repent. Lord, hath he not spoken and shall he not do it, Lord. And we perceive you to be a man of your word this morning. So help us each day to Lord to focus our minds upon you, our thoughts. And we thank you that we can only think one thought at the same time. We thank you we be we've been given that choice Lord that if we choose faith then that's what we choose. If we choose faith in your word then faith in your word it is. Lord it's that simple we are. Thank you that you've made each one of us able to be overcomers in every situation. That you've given us a you've given us the option to overcome every situation. Lord there's there's nothing nothing in the world stopping us. Though I may try, Lord, those situations and circumstances and demons and every other thought might try, Lord, but there's nothing in the world that truly can overcome us if we just have faith in you, Lord. So, I just pray a blessing upon each one here this morning. May you bless us as we go our way. Thank you, Lord, that each one here is victorious, Lord. And I thank you for the testimony of um Lord, this morning of little Gabriel, Lord, and the thought came to me, Lord, that we they were brother Ben was talking about the hole that he had in his heart and it wasn't quite complete, Lord. But I thank you now that he can worship you with his whole heart, Lord, that for from this day forth, for the rest of his life, he'll worship you with his whole heart, Lord. So I just pray that blessing upon him. Thank you for putting him in our midst, Lord. He's a he he's he seems to have something special about him, little Gabriel. So I just pray you'll continue to bless the family and bless him and his health as well. I pray commit each one here to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you all this morning. You dismissed in Jesus name. [Music] The God of creation there at the start before the beginning of time. With no point of reference, he spoke to the dark and fleshed out the wonder of life. [Music] And as you swing [Music] galaxies in the vapor of your breath, the planet. If the stars were made to worship so I can see your heart and everything made every burning star the fire of grace. Creation sings your praise is so alive. You're a God of your promise. You don't speak in vain. No syllable empty over. [Music] For once you have spoken. All nature and science follow the sound of yours. And as you speak, a 100 billion creatures catch your breath. evolving is cute of what you say. If it all reveals your nature so alive, I can see your heart in everything you say. Every painted sky, your canvas of your grace. If creation still obeys you, so will I. If creation still obeys you, so will I. [Music] If the stars were made to worship, so will I. [Music] If the mountains bow, reverence, so will I. [Music] If the oions roll your greatness, so will I. [Music] For if everything exists to lift you high, so alive. If the wind goes where you send it, so alive. When the rocks cry out in silence, so will I. [Music] If the song of all our praises still fall shine, then we sing again billion times. Oh, [Music] you're a God of salvation. You chase down my heart through all of my failure and pride. On a hill you create the light of the world and end in darkness to die. [Music] And as you speak, a 100 billion failures disappear. Will you lost your life so I could find it here? Oh, have you left the grave behind? So alive. If you left the grave behind you, so alive. I can see your heart and everything you've done. Every part designed in a work provided for love. If you gladly chose surrender so life. If you gladly chose surrender so life I can see your heart billion different ways. [Music] Every precious one, a child you died for me to save. If you gave your life to love them so alive like you would again a h 100 billion times. But what pleasure amount to your needs are. You're the one who never leaves the one behind. You're the one who never leaves the one behind. You're the one who never leaves the one behind. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] through the wind. [Applause] I'm the maker of the rain. He can't calm the storm. He makes sun to shine again. Hotter. Sometimes I sing he to the sky. Among the peaks my soul can be found. Oh, but an unexpected stone. It may drive me from the heights. It may bring me low, but it will never bring me down. Oh yeah. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm. Make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Oh yes, I know the master of the way. Oh yes, I do. And I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm, make the sun shine again. I love the master of me. [Music]
