################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - 100825 - Divine Nature - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-10
Title:   100825 - Divine Nature - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-CkLz5OL1I
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Welcome to church. So happy to be here to worship the Lord to praise him to just to how much I love &gt;&gt; and I actually love being able to play music as well. I was saying to someone the other day, you know, it's such a I I I've learned to appreciate over the years that okay, this is a personal testimony, but that I can just I can this hand can just play things that I don't have to think about and this hand can just do things I don't have to think about and I can just express and praise the Lord, you know. But we all have different talents that we can use to praise the Lord with. And it's a I think when you can with whatever you have, when you can give that to the Lord and worship. It might even be building something. You know, if you're if you're a good builder, you can build something and it when you're building it or you're doing something for the Lord, you can just feel like I'm worshiping the Lord. But I I I'm I really appreciate being able to praise and worship. Can I Is that right to say that? I just sometimes I sit here and I when I'm playing and I close my eyes and I think, man, this is so enjoyable. I can just I almost feel selfish especially like at like a big convention and it's like I'm so selfish I think man I'd love to worship the Lord with this song next so I just play it next you know and then meanwhile 300 people have to sort of follow along but I mean we I mean we try and follow the leadership of the Holy Ghost in that but you know it's like you just yeah I I love worshiping the Lord and I love just being able to just do something and and acknowledgement of what he's done for me. So, let's stand this morning and just worship the Lord. And I believe you all love to worship the Lord, too, because the Lord's done so much for us. Let's just pray. Lord, we just love you so much, Lord. And we we thank you that we can praise and worship you this morning, Lord. We we um feel like the the the boy, Lord, that came to you with all he had was a few loaves and a few fish, Lord. Then he and and it seemed insignificant for Lord, what he had to offer you to what was needed, Lord. and and we feel the same this morning, Lord, for what all that you've done for us. We feel like it all we can do is praise and worship, Lord, but and just sing a little song back and we we realize the great price that you paid, Lord, but it comes from our heart, a heart of gratitude and a heart of worship, a heart of praise to you. And we we know that you can see that, Lord. So, we thank you that we can sing this morning as your word said, "Let everything that has breath praise the Lord, Lord." And we have breath. We want to praise you this morning, Lord, with all of our hearts, with all of our strength, with all of our might. We don't want the chairs to raise up and sing, Lord, in our place because we're not. But we want to sing and worship you this morning and praise you, Lord. May you bless the songs, bless the worship, bless the um preaching, Lord. May you just minister us to us in a powerful way. We just ask, Lord, and we commit the service to you in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Give me a G. Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Christians are always happy. You always happy. Put your hand up if you're always happy. And if you're not, just be happy. Put on the put on. Is that the song? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sorry, there's two versions. I make sure I got the right version. Sorry. Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. Praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. Verse one, all you that mourn in Zion. I have authority or to appoint unto you in Zion. Oil of joy that will set you free. Put on the garments. Put on the garments. Sing rid of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. [Music] Praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. Lift up the hands that hang down. Lift up the voice thou still. Oh, and give unto God continuous praise. Walk from Zion still. Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. All praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. Sing to Yahe. Halleluah. Worship and praise our God. Oh, praise and adore him. Bow down before him. Oh, magnify the Lord. Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. Praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. Put on the garment. Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift down your voice to God. Praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh man, it's the Holy Ghost and fire. [Applause] It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. Yes, it's keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halleluah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halleluah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. Oh, and it's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Oh yes. It's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. And it's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halleluah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's the Holy Ghost and fire. Oh, it's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive, keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halleluah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. And it's all over. It's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. And it's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Jesus is deep in me alive. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halleluah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. And you can actually take your seats this morning. We have a few specials that we're going to do this morning. Let's um start with How about Sister Naomi? Where are you? Yeah. [Music] disappeared. Riches and fame and all that they could buy. I've come to find they never satisfied. What would I gain if my soul surprised? I don't want to love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. First things first, I seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you. And keep the first thing first to live your truth. Walk your ways. Set my eyes. Lord, I fix my face on you. All my desires reversed to keep the first thing first. I give it all, my life and offering. My heart is yours. So have your way in me. Your kingdom's all I want to see. I don't want to love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. First things first, I seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you and keep the first thing. to live your truth. Walk your ways. Set my eyes. Lord, I fix my face on you. All my desires reverse to keep the first thing first. Oh, to keep the first thing first. All my desires reverse to keep the first thing first. Oh, to keep the first thing first. Oh, first thing first, I seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you and keep the first thing first to give your truth. Walk your ways. Set my eyes. Lord, I fix my face on you. All my desires reversed to keep the first thing first. Oh, to keep the first thing first. To keep the first thing first. All my desires be to keep the first thing first. [Applause] I'm Sister Esther. [Music] Are you standing? Head across road wondering which road you should take and you're dreading the decision and a possible mistake. But the will of God won't lead you. Where the grace of God can't keep you. You will never be out of his care. Remember that the Lord's already there. Wherever you are, wherever you're going, God is right there beside you. Seeing and knowing. Wherever you go, he already knows what lies ahead and what's behind. You'll always find he's never too far from wherever you are. You are waiting to hear thunder and see lightning in the sky. [Music] Oh, but God can work his wonders through a still small voice inside. Just keep listening and learning and continue on your journey following the one who is the way. Oh, he's the only road you need to take. Wherever you are, wherever you're going, God is right there beside you. Seeing no way. Wherever you go, he already knows what lies ahead and what's behind. You'll always find he's never too far from wherever you are. Wherever you go, he already knows what lies ahead and what's behind. You'll always find he's never too far from a river you are. You'll always find he's never too far from a river you are. [Applause] Uh the four glen girls or three is it four? Where's Gibby? Where's Gibby? Gibby, man. Tender as a whisper and louder as you pray. May it hang on my lips for the rest on my face. There is something in the name of Jesus. It sounds like for sounds like amazing grace. It begins my soul to sing forever. There's just something about that name. Pray it over with family. When we rise and we sleep, we speak it over sorrow and the soul is giving peace. We sing it in the fine or in prosperity. May we never forget that he's all that we need. There is something about the name of Jesus. It sounds like forgiveness. Sounds like amazing praise. It beggings my soul to sing forever. is something about thy name. Still know the name. You still have the power to save. You can empty any name forever. Jesus is your name. There is still no other name. You still have the power to save. You can empty [Music] [Applause] forever. Jesus is your name. It is something about the name of Jesus. It sounds like forgive. This sounds like amazing grace. It begs your soul to sing forever. There's just something about that. There is something about something about [Music] [Applause] Amen. There's something about the name of Jesus. Let's stand this morning. There's a little bit of a different part in the song which is part of the song. We've never done it sung it before, but we're going to sing it this morning. So, if you if it comes to a different spot, it's okay. [Music] You unravel me with a melody. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my enemies. Till all my fears are gone. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. From eternity, you have chosen me. Your love has called my name. I've been born again. I've been born again into your family. [Music] Your blood flows through my veins. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Cuz I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God cuz I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Applause] I am a child of God. I am surrounded by the arms of the father. I am surrounded a song to liance. We've been liberated [Music] from our bondage. We're the sons and the daughters. [Applause] Let us sing our freedom. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] You split the sea. So I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect. [Music] You rescued me so I could stand and sing. I am a child of God. You split the sea. [Music] [Applause] You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drown in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and sing. I am a child of God. Cuz I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I am a child of God. Cuz I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] For I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child. One more song of God. Cuz I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, [Music] but we will lift up holy hand. Oh Lord, we come, Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what decision, we will live up. Halleluah. [Music] Hello, how we long to worship you. Halleluah. Allel [Applause] [Music] [Applause] how we long to worship you Lord. We come Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what what the situation, we will live a holy hell. Hello and how we long to worship you. Hallelujah. [Music] How we long to worship you at all. Hello. How we long to worship you and how are you? How we long to worship you cuz I know the master of the wind. Cuz I know the master of the wind. Oh yes, I do. [Applause] I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun shine again. [Music] I know the master of I know the master of the wind. I know the master of the wind. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. He came from the stor make the sun shine again. I know the master. Let's go to verse one. My boat of life sails on the trouble see where there's a wind in my s. But I have a friend who watches over me when the grease turns into. [Music] I know the master of [Music] I know the maker of the rain. Hey, he can calm the storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master of sometimes I sow like an eagle to the sky. Among the peace my soul can be found with an unexpected song. It may drive me from the high. It may bring me low but it will never bring me down. I know the master of [Music] I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the stor make the sun shine again. I know the master of the I mean the voices one more time. &gt;&gt; I know the master of the wind. [Music] &gt;&gt; I know the maker of the rain. &gt;&gt; He can calm the storm. Make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Amen. Aren't you glad you know him? Praise the Lord. Doesn't matter what's going on, he's in control. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, musicians. Thanks, brother Isaac. Thank you for all the specials this morning. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. Welcome, Vicki. God bless you. Great to have you. Peter, God bless you. Welcome. Amen. Great to have you here. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, just a reminder, we're going to have a a um after lunch, we're going to have a brief uh meeting on camp, just what jobs need to be done and so on. And then also, just to keep you in the loop, we are rearranging things with Sunday school with brother Arman going with superintendent and the youth and all those things. So, those things are in motion. We're just kind of hammering out a few details of it. So, that's that's being taken care of, too. Okay. So, everyone good today? Everyone happy? Praise the Lord. Let's go to Ephesians chapter 4 this morning. Going to read um Ephesians oh what Ephesians 4 and 11 uh down to 16. Then we're going to go to Ecclesiastes and we're going to read one verse there. Okay. So says here now and he gave some apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith, and to the knowledge of the son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ, that we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine by slight of men and counting craftiness whereby they lie and wait to deceive, but speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things which is ahead, even Christ, from whom the whole body join uh fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh uh maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love. We're just going to read one more verse. This may seem uh contrary or no not contrary but may seem a bit negative but I just want I don't believe it's negative but I just want to put this in here for a bit of a context. Ecclesiastes 7:7 I heard brother Aaron McGaryi preach on this. He took it a different way. I'm going to take it a different way but um just very powerful scripture um I believe here in Ecclesiastes 7 and 7 says surely oppression maketh a wise man mad and a gift destroyth the heart. Amen. And so if you want to be remembered in prayer, I was going to go to prayer before we uh you can have your seats, but if you want to be remembered, you want to lift up your hand. We especially want to remember brother Phil who's in hospital. Amen. He's uh scheduled to have surgery on Wednesday. The mass in his stomach is growing quite rapidly. So remember him in prayer. If you have a need, just lift your hand up. Say, "Lord, remember me." But let's join our faith together in prayer and let's go before our great God. Almighty God, we're so thankful, Lord, we can come before your great presence this morning. Not by anything we have done, but by your blood. You've called us to come boldly into into your presence into the throne of grace. So Lord, I believe we're here in your presence. And I just ask, dear God, that as we've read your great word, Lord, we need you as always, the great author of the book to step forward. And Lord, may you speak uh may you anoint not just speaker, Lord, myself, but Lord, anoint everyone who's listening. And Lord, we just need you to come over and Lord, just take over our lives. May we step out of the way, dear God. You can step in and do what you want to do in this service. We're so thankful, Lord. we can yield ourselves unto the true and living God. And I just pray that you'd especially be with brother Phil there God in hospital. You see that mass is growing in his in in his stomach or in his in his stomach area, Lord. Uh quite rapidly, Father. He's had he's he's booked in for surgery on on on Wednesday. I just pray, dear God, you give him strength, Lord. May the peace of God that pass all understanding reign in his heart, Sister Blind's heart. Lord, I pray you'd just just anoint the surgeons, anoint the hospital, Father. Just take control, Father. you're in control of all these things. We commit it into your hands. Just praying, dear God, this thing would be removed, Father, that would never come back again. May you grant that in Jesus Christ's name. And Lord, you see the hands that have been raised up, Lord. You see the needs that we carry. Lord, the questions, the burdens, the problems, Lord, I pray, Lord, as your word goes forth, may those be lifted, Lord Jesus. May you touch every life. May healing come into everyone who's unwell, Father, not just here, but those who may be streaming, dear God. And may you be our portion this day. We love you so much. We thank you for this opportunity, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. So, I want to speak about I want to speak about character uh today. Now, we read we read here in Ephesians uh chapter 4 where the apostle Paul would speak about the the you know the church and really all of our journey. They were all on a journey to to perfection. Now this perfection that the apostle Paul speaks about he's not talking about sinless perfection here because the blood of Jesus Christ makes us perfectly sinless. Right? So it's not about uh we need to uh the ministry is not here to make you sin uh perfectly sinless. Okay? That's not what the ministry does. That that is not what the apostle Paul is talking about. But he's talking about a maturity of a people. Amen. That we go from newborn babes in Christ. We learn to crawl goooo gaga. we fall over into all these things spiritually and but then we begin to walk and we begin to mature because he says that we' come into the image and you know until we come to the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ I mean unto a perfect man now someone who is growing like children here teenagers you're imperfect adults because you're growing into what you're meant to be right but within you is life within you is potential to become the full stature of an adult that you're meant to be but in the meantime you're growing into that image then once Once you hit about 21, then then you begin to get old and you on your way to die. You get old, death sets and you begin to age. But we we're stepping into an eternal body where there's no death, right? But you see the thing is that that you know we are growing into this maturity. And so God would place gifts in the body that he would minister through to mature us, mold us and shape us by the word of God that would grow into this this this image here. Now, so this is where we're going today. This is very important. Amen. Cuz God is looking for character. He's looking for a people that he sees his word manifest through in its maturity. He's not looking for even I'd say gifted people. See many things in life it's the gift. People identify a person with the gift that they have and they say well the gift is the person. Actually the gift is not the person. A gift is just something that God deposited in them &gt;&gt; and and that but that's not them. And what happens is people will take their gift and they say but look at this gift I have. And they will and they will somehow that in their mind give some reasoning to to give them rigor room for deficiencies of their Christian character because they've got this gift. Now we can't God doesn't want people like that. He's not interested in our gift. He's interested in you and you the person being built into the image of his word. That's what he's interested in. Amen. God did not save us because we're gifted. God saved us because of which we're his children. Right? God called us because you're his son or daughter, not because you're gifted. So we we must be very careful that that we don't identify ourselves with our gift because a gift is actually not for you. It's for the people around you, right? It's not for you to use. But you see what happens is that man will use fallen man. You know, everyone's gifted &gt;&gt; and you don't receive a gift when you become a Christian. You already have that gift within you. But it takes the baptism of the Holy Ghost many times to bring it alive as God wants it to be. But even before that, it can operate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You see, many people in the world are gifted. Many people you you you take all the superstars of this day they're gifted people right Elvis Presley was a very gifted man but what did he do with the gift right Taylor Swift is a very gifted songwriter all those things but what does she do what do these people do with the gift they have you know motivational speakers that are very powerful speakers that's a preaching gift but they're using it for their own ends you see so everyone is gifted even you know we could read it here you know it says uh in in Romans 11:29 for the gifts and calling of God are without repentance. So, in other words, that that the gift in your life and God calling you has got nothing to do with repentance. It's in there in the beginning, &gt;&gt; right? Because you'd think surely if um you know, if if if people are, you know, see God doesn't take gifts out of people's lives just cuz they refuse to follow him. You see, Elvis Presley learned to dance the way he did by seeing people anointed with the spirit of God, dancing in the spirit. And he was actually raised in where Pentecost was actually thriving. He was in temp meters. Brother Abraham knew his his pastor, knew his grandmother, and you know, he was raised in a godly atmosphere. And what he saw God moving, he took that, he didn't surrender, he didn't surrender his gift to God, but he took his gift and became a very rich, famous person, but he just he he just made a cheap copy out of what he saw the spirit of God do. And and see, I don't understand why people are against dancing in the spirit because God did it before the devil took it, &gt;&gt; right? So why why why swing the other way just because the devil's perverted something, right? God had dancing first. Just like everything God has first, the devil just takes it because he's not original. Right? But you see, so the gifts and calling of God are without repentance. They are within a person before they ever repent. Before they ever hear about the Lord, before they ever come to any contact with the Lord, it's within them. Now, it's up to them what they do with it. Now, I want to I I brought this scripture in here where it says, "Surely oppression maketh a wise man mad, and a gift destroyth the heart." Now I want to take the second part of that verse because a gift can actually destroy you. If that gift is not surrendered to the Lord and your heart is not surrendered to the Lord then that gift can actually destroy a person because they will reason within themselves but my gift is working. I'm getting results therefore I'm fine and it actually changes their thinking changes how their attitudes are changes how they their their perception of truth totally changes because they justify it by look at the gift I have. All right. Are we are we together this morning? Okay, we're just going to go through this because at the end of the day, Lord, I need your character. &gt;&gt; Okay, that Lord, make me my like you. Like you take the prophet Balam for example. He was a genuine prophet of God. He had a genuine prophetic gift. &gt;&gt; He wasn't a madeup guy. He had a genuine gift. He knew how to contact God. And his prophecies in Numbers 22 to 25 are still being fulfilled today. And you can't throw it out because just cuz Balam said it, it was the word of God through a impure vessel, a false vessel. But the gift in his life was right. But you see his gift, his gift and how it worked actually destroyed his heart in terms of his his reasoning, his emotions. Everything was supercharged with I got to get the money, right? And so this is where he's on his way to go to the king of um go to the king of Moab. God's told him not to go and then God allows him to go and do his permissive will and say go. And then so there's this angel of the Lord that's trying to stop Balam from going and you know you know um and then and then it comes the point of their journey where where you know the donkeyy's going through between two walls here and the donkey sees the angel of the Lord with a sword drawn. Balam doesn't see it at this time and the donkey actually crashes into the wall cuz he it doesn't want to go forward anymore. And then Balam gets mad and starts beating this donkey and then and then the donkey god said you know the Bible says God opens its mouth and he begins to speak like a human, you know. And then they actually have an argument back and forth and then God opens Balam's eyes and he sees the angel of the Lord in front of him. What had happened is the gift in Balam's life had destroyed his heart because he was running by a gift and not by being subject to the word of God. Okay, Lord help us. Okay, so now this is such a thing. Now we talk about this here where where Paul would say until we come to uh unto this perfect man to the measure of the fullness of the I mean to the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. Now Peter would take this and he would expand upon this point here in in in second Peter. He says, "According as his divine power hath given unto us all things unto the uh that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that has called us to virtue and glory, whereby we are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these we might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that's in the world through lust. And besides this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, to your virtue knowledge, and knowledge temperance, and temperance, patience, and patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. Right? This is the statue of the perfect man. So, for if these things be in you and abound, they um they make you that you shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind, and cannot see a far off, and has forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore the rather brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you shall never fall. &gt;&gt; So we have we are called to give all diligence to have all of these virtues in our life. Now it says it appears here like he's saying you've got to add these things. But it's when the Holy Ghost comes into your life, he adds these things. He matures you. He grows you. I mean, so when you're a newborn baby, for example, you have a lot of potential to run, but you can't run at the time, right? I've never seen a baby come out of the womb running, talking, uh, you know, reasoning, doing things straight away. Who's seen that? No. You come out, you're basically helpless. You got to be carried, fed, all these things. But within you is potential. Within you is attributes of life, right? And then as you grow, these these attributes mature. And then they become fully formed when you become an adult. Right? So when the Holy Ghost comes into you, then these these virtues are there, but they've got to mature. They've got to grow. Okay? This is this is what we need because many people Christendom in this day says the cross is your destination. &gt;&gt; Calvary is not your destination. Glory is your destination. Calvary is the beginning of your walk. &gt;&gt; Right? Calvary, you get to the cross, you got to get there. You've got to meet the Lord. You got to be surrendered. You got to He's got to change you. But you don't stop there. You keep growing. &gt;&gt; Does that mean you throw the cross away? No. You take it with you. Right? But it's not your destination. It's the beginning of your journey. Okay? So our journey is to a full mature person. You know, we can't be lacking in any of these things. God pour these virtues into us. Amen. That we become fully mature because this is the age of maturity. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So now because if you look at this now, this gift as I saying, Balam, Balam used his the gift in his life for his own ends. And unfortunately, this is what people do. Now it's amazing if you read in Ezekiel. Sorry, there's going to be a lot of reading today. We're just going to go on a journey through this, okay? Cuz I want this to sink in. So, if I'm not running and jumping and all these things, okay, we're okay, right? Don't fall asleep on me. Ezekiel 28:1-6. The word of the Lord came un um again unto me, saying, Son of man, say unto the king of Tyrus, thus sayeth the Lord God, because thine heart is lifted up, and thou hast said, I am God, I sit in the seat of God in the midst of the seas, yet thou art a man and not God, though thou set thine heart as the heart of God. So, here's a person. No, no, no, wait. We just read this next verse. It's so powerful. Behold, thou art wiser than Daniel. There is no secret that they can hide from thee. See, here's a man who's wiser than Daniel. That's quite a statement. That's quite a That's quite a thing for God to attribute to a man. You're wiser than my man. I placed in Babylon as a witness that he always turned to me and I showed him till the end time and I unfolded mysteries to him and I showed him what to do and I gave him wisdom to live in Babylon but not be part of it. you're wiser than him. But you see, this man did not use his gift like Daniel did because Daniel surrendered his whole life to the Lord before he left Jerusalem, right? He gave all that he was, Lord. Whatever I go, whatever happens, I'm your prisoner. I love you, Lord. I just want to serve you. I want to walk with you. That was Daniel's heart when him and Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego left Jerusalem. But this man did not use his gift for God to be known. He used his gift to gather treasures, to become wealthy, you know, because of his wisdom. He says, "Look at this." He says, "Thou art wiser than Daniel. There's no secret that they can hide from thee. With thy wisdom and with thine understanding, thou hast gotten thee riches and has gotten thee gold and silver into thy treasures." So he used the gift in his life to build his own kingdom. And how many people, I hate to say it, how many ministers will build their own kingdom by with the gift of their life, they'll make the the instead of building the kingdom of God in a people, they'll build their own kingdom upon the earth. &gt;&gt; What a sad thing. But sadly, we see it around us. Why? Because that gift is there, but that gift is not surrendered. Amen. That person's life is not surrendered to the Lord, though they appear to be, but the fruits say otherwise. You see, so we must never ever use a gift in our life for our own personal gain. Yeah. &gt;&gt; No. The gift in your life is for me. &gt;&gt; And the gift in my life is for you. &gt;&gt; Right. We're here for one another. It's not for yourself, for what you can get. It's what the Lord can use through you and how God has made you to minister to the body to edify the body in love. Right? Amen. Every joint supplies. What is that? Every gift is operating helping one another. &gt;&gt; Cuz we're all we're all gifted. You say, "Well, I can't preach. I can't sing. I can't play. I can't do this." You've got a gift of faith. Amen. &gt;&gt; You have a gift of faith. Amen. God has made you gifted. You can help behind the scenes. You can be a very important part of the body that's never seen. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's like my vital organs. You don't see them on the outside, do you? &gt;&gt; Yet, my heart is pumping. My lungs are contracting. The diaphragm's moving. All the things are going on that they should be. You never see those parts. They're called vital organs for a reason. &gt;&gt; I can lose a finger. I can't lose my heart. &gt;&gt; Right? I need my brain. I can lose a thumb. I need my brain. I can lose a limb, but I need my brain. You lose your brain, well, you're dead, right? It's a vital organ. You don't see it on the outside. So, every part, everyone here has a part of the body, seen or unseen. The unseen parts are more important than the scene. Amen. The unseen parts are more important than the seen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Than even the ones on the platform. The unseen gifts are more important. Why do we diminish them? &gt;&gt; They're vital organs. Your vital organs if you're not seen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. So we all have a gift that God wants to use. But you see this one because of his wisdom and understanding had gathered treasures, had gathered all these things. But you see, he has set his heart as the heart of God. I say his gift destroyed his heart. Cuz someone who thinks they're God, they think they're the absolute. They think they can't be corrected. They think they're above everyone. They're without peer. They, you know, they would never ask for help. They never asked to be guided. They're not teachable because they've got it all together. God help us. We never get to that place at any part of our lives that we think, "I've got it all susted." No. The only one who's got it all sorted out is the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So, we can't say, "Well, I know all the mysteries. I know everything. Therefore, I've got it all sorted out. I'm fine." That person sets their heart as the heart of God. We all need more of him. We need more of his divine character. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Even the, you know, even the enemy is not afraid to give out spiritual gifts. I got to know, I'm not against gifts. You know that, right? You know me well enough. I'm for gifts. Okay? So, when I say these things, oh, he's gone all. No, I'm for gifts. But God's got to use the gift and God's got to give the gift. See, because what happens is when people people have an inferiority complex, they feel they need to prove something and they feel that they need to push someone down to lift themselves up. you know, people. But but see, the Holy Ghost takes out those kind of things. Someone who feels like they need to be a big shot, need to push themselves forward so much is someone who actually needs the Lord because the brother because brother Bram says that the Holy Ghost takes out that big shot desire out of your life. You're happy to be anything. Like David said, I'll just be the doorkeeper in the house of the Lord. Amen. And and he that was David saying that, but that was his heart. He wasn't trying to be something great. Amen. He knew what God made him, knew where God took him from. And he was just happy to be part of the body. I'm glad just to be part of the family of God. Aren't you? Amen. It's the greatest privilege in all the world. And so what happens is, see, the devil will give temptations to make to make a uh, you know, to make a gift come into your life. He hands them out. He says, "Boy, uh, he got them here. Now watch this. This is watch when you get to the end where this temptation come." Amen. See, this is where um he says, "Maybe he might let you let some of you speak in tongues, think you got it." See, or he might even let you prophesy, though it not be with the word. I've seen people stand up and prophesy, which was contrary to the word, as yeast is from the west. See, it's the word that you live by. Them supernatural gifts, Satan can just hand them out by the handful. Certainly, that don't mean one thing. So, the enemy, you mean the enemy could come and anoint your life and and and give you those kind of things? Absolutely. Will it be true to the word? Absolutely not. But if the heart is I want to show them something, I want to be something, then the temptation can come in and the enemy can just hand them out by the handfuls. That's why friends, we got to take everything back to the word. &gt;&gt; We live, man shall not live by bread alone, but every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. It is absolutely vital we take everything back to the scripture. We don't take it back to feelings. We're not led by our own hearts. Amen. A gift destroys the heart. Look at my gift. I can do whatever I want. No, you cannot. You look at the kings in second kings, even the godly ones, they get to a crossroads in their life. They're born, they become believers, they got good parents or whatever they do that which is right in the sight of the Lord and they get blessed and they get to a crossroads. Uzziah was one, Hezekiah was one. There's different ones. They get to this crossroads of life where they'll they'll either remain humble and God will keep blessing them or they get an attitude that they say, "Well, I can everything I touch will turn to gold. I can do whatever I want." And sadly, they get to that point and they always go off and say, "I can do what I want." And God has to deal with them. You go read the Kings. You say, "Well, that's the Kings. What about what about us? We can get to that point, too. I can do what? God's just been blessing me and I can just cuz I feel this way and all the We got to subject everything to the word of God. We must keep everything. Lord, is this according to your word? Not according to my feelings, not according to what everyone is saying, but according to the word." Cuz I never want to get to a point where I think, you know, like Uzziah, he was lifted up in pride and he wanted to be a priest cuz God had blessed him and everything else. So why couldn't he offer incense before the Lord? He wasn't built for it, &gt;&gt; right? And then what happened? The the priest, a whole bunch of them came in say, "You're a good king, but you this is not your office." He says, "I'll do what I want." What do you think? Cuz he thought God had blessed him so much he could do what he pleased. May we just do that which pleases the father. Amen. May we always just be with that heart. Amen. Not with what we think we should do or what we can do. Amen. See, notice if Satan, See, he'll try a second scheme on getting you to disbelieve the word. Go to a seminary, he'll try the next scheme. What does that uh So, you want to be real careful. Just sit with another five minutes on this part. If you then he makes you a supernatural offer, I'm going to come back uh to all this just for closing. He makes See, if he can't tempt you away from the word, no, I'm going to um I'm going to stay with the word, then he'll give you a supernatural offer. He said, "I'll tell you what. You get up here and dive off the temple and and bring and bring back up. See, show the people that you can do something supernatural." It's about Jesus being tempted on the top of the temple. Throw yourself up. The angels will lift you up. Right? So, so that temptation was look, you do something. I'll give you the ability to do something supernatural that people will know you're a believer. We're not being a believer is not known by our gift. &gt;&gt; We're known by our character. By their fruits, you shall know them, right? Not by the gift or how charismatic they are or how they can sing or how polished they are or how good the preaching is. No, you're known by your character. I should be I pray known by my character. Right? So, we got to be we we must keep these things very much the forefront of our lives because if we let our gift if we let a gift rule our life then our then our right to heaven becomes transactional in the right that we feel we have a right to heaven because of what we have done. &gt;&gt; Right? And this is what many will do. You know the you know the foolish virgin different ones will come before the Lord. So not the bride. This is not the bride here. This is this is the foolish virgin says not everyone that saith to me Lord Lord will enter the kingdom or rather this is the tears rather Lord Lord shall enter the into the kingdom of heaven but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. Many will say to me in that day Lord Lord have we not prophesied in thy name and in thy name cast out devils and in thy name done many wonderful works? Then I'll profess unto them I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. See, there's a people that will try and barter their way to heaven by what God has done in their life through the gift that's in them. Haven't we done this, Lord, and I believe this, Lord, and I did this, and I prophesied in your name. And he never says, you never did those things. He acknowledges, you know, by by him not saying, "No, this never happened." He's actually saying, "Yes, you did those things in my name, but I never knew you. You never became one with me. You did not have a true birth. I mean, you never fully surrendered your your life. If you just wanted to use the gift for your own ends, this may be a slog, but we're going to just keep walk through this thing, okay? Cuz I want you to think about I really pray this anchors into our hearts because what are we justifying our Christian walk by? You know, we say, "Well, I'm a Christian. Why? I surrender my life to the Lord." Good. Now, what is being produced in your life? What is being produced in my life? This is very much a at me sermon today. Okay. What character is being formed? Or are we just being molded into a culture of a church? Are we just being molded into an identity of a false message culture? Or is God making putting these virtues in us? Is he is he is he maturing us? I mean, is he molding us? And I'll get to them soon. I'll go over them. But you know, what is being formed in us? What's being formed in me? Praise the Lord. You see, but it all depends. It all depends really how how we hear the word. Okay? because if it's just intellectual, it's not going to do us any any good. Now, this is from the church age book and uh once again, sorry for the reading, but I feel this is important. This to the Sardisian age, but this is speaks um to us as well. He says, "Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard, hold fast and repent. Uh if therefore thou um thou shalt not watch, I'll come on thee as a thief, and thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon thee." I want to read another translation, the West um translation of this verse. But remembering therefore, in what way you have received the truth as a permanent deposit and what way you have heard it and be safeguarding it and have a change of mind at once. It is very evident from this verse that God has given them truth as a permanent deposit. It was received and irrevocably theirs. It now remains to be seen what they will do with it, whether they will regard it or not. And that is true. They have just been given the basic truth of the whole gospel. The just shall live by faith. Salvation is of the Lord. They had heard the truth of the Bible which cast down the doctrines of Rome and set at not all papal authority. They knew the truth that the church does not save. They understood the Lord's supper. They had light on water baptism. They put out all the images truth. Why there was never was an age with any more men with so much light to shed. They had enough illumination to completely overhaul the old system or start out fresh and let God lead them line upon line and precept upon precept. What an opportunity. What an incredible opportunity. And I feel we are in the same boat, right? How much light has been shed in this day. Amen. The word has come open. The seals revealed. The book of redemption has come open to us. There's never been an age like this age. So much truth has flooded into this age. Amen. through a vindicated voice of a prophet, you know, thus sayith the Lord according to the scripture. We have so much light. I mean, so much truth, so much power has been released through the word. But how do we hear these things? I mean, they received the truth. They wanted and heard it. But the question was, how did they hear it? Did they hear it to build upon or was it with the same attitude that many Greeks had, thinking um something to discuss and theorize over? Amen. Evidently, the rich word of truth was being heard in an academic manner rather than for a practical outworking for God was demanding a change of mind concerning it. So every mystery has a practical outworking, right? We cannot now I'm not saying you like this. This is just to me. Sure. You know, but we can't hear the message in a in an academic manner. We can't put it together in some some thesis and does it make sense here and with reasoning and just you know the seven seals are not to theorize over. I mean the book of redemption Christ taking the title lead is not just a theorize over and argue about and just oh that's a nice idea. No there's a practical outworking that should come into our life that should transform us. Amen. And brother Bram condensed it so nicely in the breach message when he says Christ taking the book is the same as Boaz taking Ruth. Right? So Boa Boaz by his act of being a kinsman redeemer transformed Ruth from a Moabitete who was outside the promises of God out of the covenants of Israel by the law wasn't even allowed to come into the congregation but but Boaz by redeeming grace amen redeemed her because grace overrode the law brought her in amen into the promises of God that through her and Boaz Jesus Christ would eventually well the you be attributed to that lineage right but she was transformed by by an enemy and alien then without nothing a widow just surviving to become Mrs. Boaz of Bethlehem, a mighty woman of wealth. She was transformed by that act of redemption. Now, how much more now if if if if the book rep uh you know Ruth is a representation of the book, now you are that same representation. Amen. So the practical outworking should be the revelation of the seal should come into your life and should transform you should change you. Amen. Into what redemption is meant to produce. What is that? The statue of a perfect man. Amen. A fully mature Christian. Amen. that you know that you're part of Christ. Amen. You know you're part of Jesus Christ. You're not hoping you are. You know why? Cuz he's united himself with you and you're so happy to be identified with him. I mean, all you want is to be identified in him. You don't want to be identified in anything else. You're only interested in him. &gt;&gt; Shouldn't isn't that the practical outworking? Oh, but what about this? And when did this happen? No. What does it produce? &gt;&gt; I mean, we're not here to listen to the word in academic manner. I've sat in lectures. I sat in way too much university. Trust me, I was there way too long. Way too long. I've sat in lectures until I could put you to sleep with stuff that's just theory. I want So I'm not interested in theory. I'm not interested in just not conceptual ideas. If the word is just a concept, it's not a reality and it doesn't live. But if it becomes a reality, you will see it manifest in your life. And sadly, so many people of past, not past ages, but in this age with this message have left it as a concept because they're afraid humanly to surrender to it to let God transform them. Amen. The concept of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation. Amen. But the manifestation of the works of Christ is not a concept. But many people keep it as a concept. Just become a good Christian and just be fit some message mold and sit like no. The baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation, you'll know you've met him &gt;&gt; cuz he transforms your life. I mean, faith comes in. It's not intellectual faith. It's a revelation that comes in that builds the bottom of the image. Amen. And it transforms your life. You know you've met him. Because if the Bible says, "And you shall see me." &gt;&gt; Jesus says, "A little while, the world seeth me no more, but ye shall see me." He wasn't just speaking to the apostles. He was talking to you. And you know you're not part of the world. If you've seen him, you realize I'm not part of the world because the world doesn't see him. But if you've seen him, he's telling you you're part of me. Cuz there's no empty ground. You're either of the world or you're not of the world. And if you're not of the world, you see him. But if you don't see him, well, you're still in the world. So come out of it. &gt;&gt; See him. Amen. He says, "I will be with you even in you to the end of the world." He's not that that's just not nice language. That's the reality. He says, "I will be there. &gt;&gt; I'll be with you even in you to the end of the world." So it's what is it now? It's Christ comes in and he grows out. He matures. He takes the spirit man and he matures him into the full image of the word. Amen. Not some theory. That's right. &gt;&gt; I'm not interested in theory. &gt;&gt; They can you take your theories and get theories help nobody. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, they are sincere working out theories." I'm not taking away their sincerity. But what about a practical outworking? What does it do for me? What can it do for you? That's what I'm interested in. I mean, that's why I wanted to preach these things this morning because I prayed to God that that this word becomes alive. It becomes personal. That when you read the seals, there's a practical outworking. What is the seventh seal? Christ redeeming his bride to restore Eden. Amen. That is the seventh seal. Amen. To get rid of the devil and get rid of sin, all these things. But it should be more than just a theory. It should be a reality. Why? Cuz he's put his hand on your life and he's changing you. Amen. He's met you. And he's no longer an idea. He's no longer even a prophet's voice. He becomes a living voice in your life. He changes you and you realize actually I've come under the influence of the seventh seal, Christ himself. my life is a living manifestation that I've come under his divine influence. Amen. Because what is grace? Grace if you look at the Bible um meaning part of it actually means a divine influence upon the life. I mean upon the heart and its reflection in the life. Amen. To someone who does not have a grace on their hearts that gift will destroy the heart. Amen. But if someone has a divine influence has has God himself grace upon their heart that heart will not be destroyed. The gift will not destroy the heart. actually know the gift will be used to build the heart. &gt;&gt; Amen. To establish the hearts of the people. Praise the Lord. So we're not here for theory. &gt;&gt; Not here for nice ideas. We're here that this word will become tangible and alive. What's its practical outworking? And I pray I always get to that. Where does the rubber hit the road? Where does this help me in my everyday life? What what has the seven trumpets got to do with me? You got to listen to those trumpets. And the last part of it, brother Bram says, is that feast of trumpets is calling Israel back to the atonement. And what is the message that what is the true message? The gospel trumpet done to you and I. We have recognize the atonement. &gt;&gt; Amen. What happens when you first grace comes upon your life and you weep for your sins. You realize Jesus died for you. Amen. What's happening? The the gospel trumpet has come to you and you've been gathered not to Israel or land, but gathered back to your land, which is the word, back to Christ. Amen. And there's an affliction. And there's a mourning cuz you realize, Lord, my sin made you go to Calvary. Lord, my sin made you mad more than any other man. Lord, I did that to you. The Romans didn't do it. The Jews didn't do it. My sin did that to you, Lord. And there's an affliction and a mourning. Amen. But then what happens is the Lord comes says, "It's okay. That happened that your life would be saved." Amen. And then that seventh trumpet is the same as the seventh seal. It's, you know, Christ coming to the believer, right? But then after that, there's that feast of tabernacles. What's that? You're dwelling in a new habitation. Praise the Lord. So what happens is God calls you to transport you to a new new habitation. &gt;&gt; Now to me that's not theory. &gt;&gt; That's beautiful. I love it. Why? Because God has put all these things in the scripture say listen I've called you to to to carry you away. I've called you to change you. I've called you to build myself. I'm looking for myself in a people. I'm not looking for your humanity. I'm looking for myself in you. Amen. I'm looking for a mature person. Not in terms of because we all have different characters, right? &gt;&gt; We will perfection is not a flawless um what do you call it? A flawless um way all the time, never putting a foot wrong, never never having a bad day, never no that's not perfection. That that's something that that the devil's put in people's minds to re to to to get them to become discouraged to make them think they can never obtain it. How can you obtain something that doesn't exist? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. &gt;&gt; Right. Amen. Here's brother Brandham, mature son of God. Right. God demonstrated in his life what the cross should achieve. Amen. Right. There he was. The seals come open. What happened before the seals? The sword of the Lord came into his hand. He was adopted son of God. The word in his hand. The seals come open. What happens? People reject it. And he builds a complex. wants to become a hunter, a trapper in northern British Columbia. He had his moments. God said, "If you do that, your wife will leave you and you'll become a bum on the street." God brought him back, &gt;&gt; right? But you say, "Well, he's a he's an adopted son. There's no way he should have done those things." He was still in a body like this, &gt;&gt; but he was a mature son on the inside, &gt;&gt; right? Are are we all together here? So, so don't build some idea in your mind, well, if I really have the Holy Ghost, I'll never have a bad day. And if I really have the Holy Ghost, I'll never do something wrong and I'll never put a foot wrong. No, get those things out of your mind. You should be maturing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the things that's once ruled you, you should be ruling them &gt;&gt; at least resisting it where before you just letting it rule in your life, right? Fighting those things withstanding. I mean, there should be a inside force pushing against the enemy, resisting. Amen. You see some people, there was brother um um it was brother Steven McNeely at the camp in Brisbane. You he like use the analogy people say they're resisting. is like someone who's got handcuffs and they just get in the police car. Oh, they're resisting. No, they're not resisting. They're complying. That's not resisting. Resisting is kicking, biting, headbutting. It's it's fighting, right? Yeah. I'm trying to fight. No, you just No. So, there should be an active fight in our lives. Satan, get under my feet. &gt;&gt; Satan, this thing's not not going to rule me. This generational curses, they're not going to rule me. My first nature is not going to rule me. The Holy Ghost is going to rule me. Amen. There should be that desire. I trust there's a tenacity. There's such a fight. Amen. It doesn't matter how big you are. The size of the fight in the dog that matters. Amen. I remember brother Martin Top down in Christ Church. He said he had this corgi. This thing was wild. It would take on anything. But had a had a it had one move. Jump for the jugular and just rip. &gt;&gt; Big dogs were scared of it cuz it was the size of the fight in the dog. How about you trust? You got a real tenacious Satan. You're not ruling in my life. Satan, you have no dominion here. You're not welcome. Oh, but you know, so we're ordained to it's it's it's not for a it's not to theorize over. Evidently, the rich word of God, I mean, it was heard in an academic manner rather in practical outworking for God was demanding a change in mind concerning it. Uh if this is the word of God, which indeed it is, then it must be obeyed. Failure to obey would bring judgment. When the guards of the sacred temple were found sleeping, they were beaten and the garments burned. Watch how the Lord do to those uh who in this age have relaxed their guard. So say Lord I want to grow. I want to be mature Lord. I don't want to I I never want to stagnate. I want Lord you to mold and shape my character. Now how we doing? We're doing okay. Amen. Even this even this here if I could jump back to this real quick before I move on. Says this here uh verse N. He that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off. Now this word blind it actually means to be uh uh it it's an opakqueness as if a you know like smoke around them. It's actually uh means to be enveloped with smoke. That is to be inflated with self conceit to be highminded be lifted up with pride to be proud. That word is used three times in the New Testament. It's to be it's to be blind. is to be proud and it's to be high-minded. So if we don't have these things, we'll become puffed up in our own conceit. But look how great, look at the influence I have. Look at my charisma. Look at where it's got me in life. That's being blind. &gt;&gt; But if you have these things you can see, you're not blind. Amen. You're not lifted up in your own conceit. Now, here's the I think brother Isaac had this image on Wednesday, but this is the image of what we call about the statue of the perfect man. So, so the first is so we're going to just go through these quickly before we close. Okay. Now, the first is faith. Faith has got to be a revelation. It's not intellectual faith. Faith is faith is when when that old suspicious doubting character is dead and he's a new creation. There must be a new birth to to be made into this image. Okay. So, so if you're a skeptic of the Bible, you know, a skeptic of the word being right, then you might well then you got to get rid of that. You got to let God put a revelation in your heart. I mean, not a not a hope so, but a no so. Amen. Because faith is not faith is not a hope. I mean, the enemy of faith is actually hope. Because hope doesn't just believe, but it brings in the conditions, the present condition of the person into the picture. That's what hope is. Because hope is an expectation but that hope is tied into but yeah but yes hope believes all of it but hope then says now I believe that God will heal but look at my condition. Faith doesn't look at condition. Faith doesn't look at circumstances. Faith does not look at anything the five senses declare. Faith just takes God at his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so the greatest enemy faith has got is hope. Cuz it's a person becomes so hopeful to leave away from faith. Because hope is all about well this is it looks like it's getting better and this appears to be getting better and well yeah yeah well yesterday was good so today's going to be really good and you know they're looking at conditions. &gt;&gt; They're not looking at revelation. And that's why we should never look we don't walk by sight. We walk by faith. Amen. We don't look at we don't look at what we're going through or what someone oh they appear to be getting better. No. Get a revelation on that person. You get a re get a revelation for yourself on a matter. Amen. We don't go by our five senses, but we let God lead us. See you. See, when faith really takes a hold, nothing else stands. Amen. Because remember, Abraham got to a place where he was fully persuaded God was able to do it. Why? Because a faith struck his heart. Amen. That he wasn't guessing. He wasn't even hoping that he'd have Isaac. He knew. Amen. And so faith when it took a hold of his heart, nothing else stood in his life. If he didn't consider his own body dead, old, he didn't consider Sarah's condition, old and all these things, I have children. No, a faith anchored, we're going to have the promised son. Amen. Praise the Lord. And so faith is the foundation. So you're very blessed. If God has revealed to you the truth of the word, you're blessed. You got a good foundation. &gt;&gt; Build everything on that foundation. Don't go off into man's opinions. And man's opinions can never be built upon faith. It can never do what faith can do. But a revelation of the word does everything. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. That's why it's so important. If you're struggling, listen to the word. &gt;&gt; Come to church. You've had a bad morning, come to church. You've had a bad week, come to church. Come and hear the word. Come into an atmosphere where God can minister. &gt;&gt; We don't have to be perfect people to come into those doors. We're actually very imperfect people. I speak about myself. You know, I come through with a lot of problems, troubles, personal things going, you know, in my own character. I'm fighting against whatever. But that doesn't keep me away from the house of God. &gt;&gt; No, because God is molding and shaping us into his image. Amen. So, why? Because we're growing. Now, the next thing, the next thing is virtue. Now, that virtue is actually strength. Amen. Like Jesus when she was uh when when he was touched by the woman with the blood issue, she said, "If I just could touch the hem of his garment, I'll be made whole." Amen. So, so what happened? He stopped. He says, "So who touched me?" And Peter said, "But there's so many people touching you, Lord." Because he's in a throng of people. But he says, "But I perceive virtue has come out of me." Amen. So, so, so what happens is is is there's faith. Then there's got to be a strength, a virtue that comes in. A strength that you can give out. Brother Brand said it's like when he preached a sermon, Reverend Mr. Lily, that lily grows from the mud up into the water, opens its petals out, and what happens? The bees and things come along, take the nectar, take the pollen. What? It's giving out virtue. It's giving out strength. I mean, so there should be a supernatural virtue in our lives that when people come into our into our presence, they feel strengthened. They feel encouraged. They feel stabilized. What's that? That's virtue being given out. It's more than praying for someone and you feel weakened, which I have many times. That is part of it. But it's it should be when people come into our come into our homes, come into our lives, they feel strengthened. They feel better. Right? They've been troubled. They feel less trouble. And maybe you never spoke about what's going on in their life, but they just feel better. What's happened? There's a virtue flowing. Praise the Lord. There's a strength. Who's who's experienced that with believers, right? You go and meet them, you go talk to them, you have a coffee, whatever you do, and you just feel so much better afterwards. What happened? There's a supernatural virtues come out of that person. &gt;&gt; Amen. I So, so you put that virtue in there. I mean, that's that's God building you up. And then of course the next thing that that that comes up is is knowledge. And that's not a worldly knowledge. That's not a scientific knowledge or some knowledge of man. That's actually knowledge to judge whether the word is right or wrong. That's so important. It's so important to know if the word is right or wrong. You add knowledge. Amen. Not not worldly knowledge. Amen. But you but you've got Christian knowledge with your virtue and faith. You judge whether the word is right or wrong. And if you can lay aside all your creeds and all your unbelief and everything you can claim that you've done, then you can have knowledge to believe that God cannot lie. Who's come to that place where you realize God can't lie? &gt;&gt; There's once upon a time you're running, yes, Lord, can you do it? I think you can. I don't know, Lord. But then just something comes into you or something grows out of you where you realize he can't lie. His word is true. The revelation he's dropped in my heart, he will perform it. &gt;&gt; It's already done in his economy, it's already done. I can just walk and rejoice. Why? Because now faith produces a knowledge cuz you're growing. Amen. I trust I trust you're in that boat. Well, yeah, but what about the circumstances? What about the problems? Can it really happen? God said it. &gt;&gt; God said it. Take it up with him. Amen. He's the one who gave the promise. He's the one who who's going to fulfill it. God said so so it's right. God cannot lie. &gt;&gt; God cannot tell a white lie. God cannot even embellish something that it appears to be wrong or you know he can't lie at all. I don't know how you describe it better but you know he can't subtly twist things and no what he says he means &gt;&gt; and what he means he does. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let every man's be a lie and and and mine be true. What is that knowledge? You take people's opinions back to the scripture. &gt;&gt; Amen. Is it true or not? Well, what does the word say? Who's ever had a conversation with someone and it's just like an alarm bell goes off? Yes. &gt;&gt; And you can't quite put your finger on &gt;&gt; what they've said wrong or something, but something just says this is wrong. &gt;&gt; That's knowledge. That's a protective mechanism God's put in your in your life by the Holy Ghost. That you can tell actually this is a shady guy. This is a shady deal. Something's not quite right. He's not telling the truth about you, Lord. And you can't put your finger. You can't go chapter and verse. Well, actually, but you know something's not right. And then you come to find out later you were right. That wasn't you. That was him. That was the Lord. Amen. Amen. That's supreme knowledge. Now you're getting knowledge. That's supreme knowledge. You don't have to have four degrees in some college or something like that to have it because all these virtues are given to you by God uh to place upon the foundation of your faith that you might come to the full stature of a real living man of God. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. When your knowledge is like his knowledge, I've come to do thy will, oh God. See, with the Father's word, he defeated every devil, heavens and earth will pass away, but the word will not see. When you've got that kind of a knowledge, it'll vulcanize with your faith. When something's vulcanized, they become one piece. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's a chemical reaction between two bits of rubber by a sulfur compound and heat, by the way. You know, but you see, it actually joins them together. It's not like, you know, there's not two layers. It just becomes one whole thing. So, amen. Vulcanize that together. Now, now, now the next one's temperance. Now, temperance doesn't mean stop drinking alcohol here. Um, here either. No, no. Temperance doesn't mean alcoholic cure. Not in this case. This is Bible temperance. Holy Holy Spirit temperance. That's just one of the lusts of the flesh. But we're talking about Holy Spirit temperance. That means how to control your tongue, not be a tatler, how to how to control your temper, not fly off every time anybody speaks cross to you. That's temperance. Oh my. See, every construction is tested by when it's shaken, &gt;&gt; right? You could say how earthquake strengthen this building is on paper. Oh, it's a I don't know. But when the shaking happens, &gt;&gt; then you can see what the engineers claim it to be is actually manifested. Right? So, it's not it's not when there's no earthquake. You could build anything. Oh, this is 100. This this can stand a nine. Wait for that nine to come. You'll see if it stands. Right? So, so it's when something bad happens, when a shaking happens, you'll see if there's temperance or not. You'll see if there's patience or not or virtue. Right? So, it's a shaking. So, it's when bad things happen. When something unexpected happens, you just pull out your machine gun full automatic and I'm I'm going to give them a piece of my mind. You know, the problem is people give away so many pieces of their mind, they have no mind left. We shouldn't do that. Oh, I I've just got to I've really just got to tell them. Pray about it. &gt;&gt; Pray. Oh, but that's so obvious that they're wrong. Do you have wisdom to help that person? &gt;&gt; See, oh, I'm just a perceiver. No, you can just be critical. A critical spirit is not a perceptive spirit because a perspect uh what? Yeah. Perceptive spirit. Thank you very much. God gives wisdom how to help that person, &gt;&gt; right? And sometimes it's just being a buddy. Amen. It's not, well, this is wrong and X, Y, and Zed, and if you listen to this, you better do it otherwise. No. See, do we? What kind of control does the Holy Ghost have over our tongue? Life and death is in the power of the tongue. Well, I just can't stop it running off. You get the Lord inside. You will. &gt;&gt; Amen. God will begin to mature you. You begin to realize, why didn't that thing just go full automatic on that person? You realize there's been a change in me. &gt;&gt; Amen. and you'll realize that's actually one of the greatest supernatural things you'll see. Actually, the greatest supernatural thing you'll ever see is a man or a woman fully subject to the whole word of God where it's not them trying to be the Christian, but God himself comes in and he lives this Christian life out of you. And you'll see them that their old nature doesn't rule them. Doesn't matter what situation they're in, but some and and they'll look back and they'll be more shocked than you. Why didn't I respond like I did a week ago? Why didn't I respond like cuz the same conditions happened a month ago and I just blasted them and Amen. They're still picking up body parts. You know what? Something's happened. &gt;&gt; God has come in in a greater way. Amen. Help us, Lord. Oh my boy. A lot of us get to fall off when we before we get started, don't we? See, then we wonder why God is not in his church doing miracles and things like they used to. Yes, sir. See, add these things. Add temperance to it. Oh temperance, how to answer in kindness when wrath is spoke to you? How's the temperance going? Amen. Well, no. I'm just going to respond in kind. You know, and I know this is me very much. We can be way too reactive. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not meant to be reactive according to what's coming our way. &gt;&gt; We should be reactive based on the word of God in our souls. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; This thing, him should be ruling how we react. Yes. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. Help us, Lord. When they said, "If thou be the son of God, turn these stones into bread." He could have done it and show he was God, but he had temperance. ought to be like Jesus. I mean, when they called him Beiel, he said, "I'll forgive you for it." That's right. They pulled handfuls of bed out of his face, spit in his face, and said, "Come down off the cross." He said, "Father, forgive them. They don't even know what they're doing. That's temperance. Who wants to be like Jesus? &gt;&gt; Who wants to be like Jesus? And he didn't have to. He didn't put on a show. It was in his heart. &gt;&gt; Oh, God. &gt;&gt; Then we come up to patience. I'm I'm going to wrap up soon. I promise. Says after that fourth, you want to add patience to your faith. If you got faith, it works patience. The Bible said. See, so this is patience. Now, that's the next thing is going to build this statue. You know, God has got real material in his building. Now, how short are we, brother, sister? See, why? Where are we at? See, yes, we uh we have glory and shouts and things because we've got faith. But when we come down to these things here, God can't build us into that stature. See, he can't he can't make us up to that kind of a place. We've got all these other things, we fall slide off of it. See, he can't build his church. Patience with what? What kind of patience? First thing is patience with God. Amen. And if you got real genuine faith, you'll have real genuine patience because faith workketh patience. And when God says anything, you believe it. That's all. You got patience. Who's got patience with the Lord? You're blessed. Lord, in your time, in his time, he makes all things beautiful in his time. Amen. Not our timetable. His. Oh, you know, the devil comes along. Oh, he hasn't answered his answered your prayer and you did this and you said this and you really felt like peace of God came and he answered. He'll answer in his time. &gt;&gt; He's not an instant God. He's not a microwave God. Instant noodle kind of God. &gt;&gt; He's a slow cooker. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's a pressure cooker, &gt;&gt; but it tastes better. &gt;&gt; We want instant, don't we? Why didn't it happen 5 seconds ago? This this is how we're conditioned by this world. But God wants us to have godly patience. &gt;&gt; Oh, but I'm I'm too high strong. God can give you patience. &gt;&gt; I'm just I'm just I need everything all the time right now. God can give you patience. Amen. But then what else? Not just patience. It's actually to a degree it's actually easy to have patience with God because God was it but then to have patience with one another. &gt;&gt; Oh my God's God's agents in our life. I remember when the girls were first born, I thought, "Here's God's agent. Oh boy, he knows how to send the right agent because it shows you where your character's at." It's easy to be a Christian when there's no trouble. There's no one rubbing you the wrong way. You have no pressure. You got no problems. It's easy. Amen. Hey, if we lived at camp all the time, we would never grow. &gt;&gt; We'd have a jubilee all the time. Probably pull some muscles dancing and shouting and rejoicing and lose our We'd probably never be able to speak to one another after a while. just be all hand signals. Why? Because we've been rejoicing all the time. You But we don't grow there. God comes down and does supernatural things, transforms lives. Absolutely. We need that time, right? We need those moments. We absolutely do. But it's when we go into everyday life now, God's going to praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; He has God's agent. See, God is so naturally supernatural. Natural thing, supernatural things going to appear very natural. You know, it's like, you know, you the Lord before they um, you know, went into Jerusalem for the Passover, he told his disciples, "Go to this place. You see this man doing this, he'll take you to the room." And it's just so and and they walk along and they find the person this way. It's just naturally supernatural. They're walking in the vision of the Lord Jesus, but they're just living everyday life. &gt;&gt; Amen. How about you and I, you know, we're walking the vision of the word? &gt;&gt; I believe it. &gt;&gt; I believe it. And then so now see we he says now speaking of Moses Moses had had had patience. He says then we got then he got into the wilderness. See it's about a 3 or 4 day journey from Egypt into the promised land. It's only 40 miles from where he crossed. But then right across they crossed again. But Moses in the wilderness waited 40 years. Patience. Amen. That's right. He waited 40 years. Oh yes sir. And we should have patience with one another too. &gt;&gt; Amen. See we get so much impatient with one another. We think we're uh we got to be like Moses. Moses had patience with the people. And you know how he had patience with the people is when God said, "I'm going to wipe them all off and start with you," he threw himself in the brereech. Can we be like that? That's a man under the blood of bulls and goats. How much more are people under the blood of Jesus Christ? Amen. He had patience with people that was rebelling against him. How about us? I just pray the Lord just do a surgery. I'm talking to myself too. Amen. Then then we have godliness. Amen. Add to your faith godliness. I'll be finished soon. Sorry if this is this is taking too long. So you start off from here with virtue. Then you go to knowledge. Then you go to temperance. Then you go to patience. Then you go on to godliness. Godliness. Oh my our time is getting away. Let's see. But you see what godliness meant. We uh we've s like Jesus. To be like Jesus on earth, I long to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to glory only asked to be like him. That's godliness. When he was smit on one side of the face, he turned the other. When he was spoken rough to, he didn't speak. He didn't roll back. See, godly always looking for one thing. I always do that which pleases the father. Yes, sir. Always. That's godliness. Amen. So if you want godliness, you should be able to look beyond how someone's treating you and look to their destination where you &gt;&gt; you want to see them saved, &gt;&gt; right? That's how you always do that which pleases the father in my opinion. You follow the word of course, but what's your attitude towards one another? What's your attitude towards someone on the street who's not not even a Christian? I mean, we should be able to look beyond their complexes and how they react. Some people just live in a very angry state all the time. That's a complex. It's pains. It's hurts. It's insecurities. They're all reactive and fighting and bristling. We're about to look beyond that &gt;&gt; and look to their need. Look beyond the fault and see the need, can we not? Amen. &gt;&gt; And then what happens? Then you add brotherly kindness. All right. When we get to that brotherly kindness, put yourself in his place on the matter. Amen. Well, you say, "My brother sinned against me," said Peter. Shall I forgive him? He said, "Seven times a day." He said, "70* 7." See, brotherly kindness. Now you see if a brother is all out of tune, don't be impatient with him. No. See, be kind to him. See, as it says, brotherly kindness is to put yourself in his place on the matter. Try and walk in his shoes a bit. Then you'll understand that person better. Or we just looking at ourselves all the time. See, no. Be kind to him. Go anyhow. Somebody said not long ago, how can you believe all these things the way you do and still go to the assemblies of God, the oneness, all the rest. Then put see brotherly kindness. See hoping someday see patient with him. See temperant enduring with him. Knowledge to understand what he believes. Remember it's in his heart. That's what it is. Virtue in yourself to let it go out with kindness, meekness to him, having faith that someday God will bring him in. Amen. Then now what is the what is the headstone? Let's just what is the cap of this whole building? What runs the whole building of God? Divine love. Oh, how we need divine love in this day where love is such a real love is such a rare commodity. Even human love is such a rare commodity. We need divine love to rule our lives. What was the purpose of this message? That this would be built in all of us. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about the message of Malachi 4. that man and woman will be built into the stature of the fullness of Christ. As I said, when the Holy Ghost comes in, these virtues start growing, start maturing because many people got on their mind, well, we need all these virtues, so I need to perform a certain way, then I'll receive the Holy Ghost. That's not how Brother Bram taught it. &gt;&gt; No, the Holy Ghost comes in and then he grows these things. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, I pray more than anything, Lord, I want to be a fully mature son of God. &gt;&gt; Let's have the musicians this morning. I'm going to leave it there. We could go on, but I just want you to I just pray I pray this is our prayer today. Lord, mature me, Lord. Search me, oh God. I don't want to try and justify my whole life by a gift. &gt;&gt; I don't want to be You're not looking for a gift, Lord. You're looking for a person. &gt;&gt; You're looking for people that you've molded into your image. That's what you're looking for, Lord. So, Lord, take me now, Lord. Take me up to the molding house. Mold these virtues into me, Lord. May they mature. May they grow. Who wants that this morning? Amen. Let's stand, shall we? Amen. Let's uh How about let's sing that song. Do you know that song? I want more of Jesus. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I ever had before. It's an oldie but a goodie. Okay, we know it. I want more of Jesus. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I've ever had before. I want more of his great love, so rich and full and free. I want more of Jesus so that he can have all of me. I want more of Jesus. Let's be a prayer. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus than I've ever had before. I want more of his great love, so rich and full and free. I want more of Jesus so he he can have all of me. Okay, maybe not. But isn't that I don't mean to be as a joke, but isn't that what you want? You want all of Jesus. &gt;&gt; You don't want a lucky rabbit's foot or, you know, just some an errand boy. You want him to come and build his nature, his character, that you're a partaker of the divine nature. Amen. That's what he's looking for. He's not looking for people who have all the doctrine just right only. He's looking for people that he can see himself in. All those attributes are grown in them. Amen. So, let's bow our heads this morning. We're just going to pray and then I'll turn the service to you, brother Isaac. But I I know I've already asked you, but who wants to be made like him? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's pray, shall we? Oh Lord Jesus, so interesting to me, dear God, when uh the Apostle Peter would describe the perfect man, about being a partaker of the divine nature, and he would speak about faith and virtue and and and brotherly kindness and love and temperance and all these things, dear God, he didn't notice he didn't mention anything about spiritual gifts in there. He didn't mention anything about being able to preach or charisma or or be able to sing or play or anything like that, Lord. He's talking about virtues that that identify you and a person. And Lord, as we've just briefly gone through these things this morning, Lord, we can see where we need more of you, whether it's be temperance, Lord, virtue, faith, brotherly kindness, wherever it may be. Dear God, I pray, Father, that your great Holy Spirit would fill us all. May we mature. May we grow, dear God. That we can see these things living in our life, Lord. That it's not us trying to manufacture something. It's not us trying to reform ourselves, Lord. But Lord, we just want to fully surrender our lives into your hands, dear God. That you would mold us and shape us, Lord. Cuz this this is the kind of people you're coming to take away, Lord. those who are come unto a perfect man, not tossed to and fro by every wind of doctrine, not easily tripped up like that, but Lord, those who are mature, Lord, built in your image, dear God. So I pray, Father, that as we as we go into this week, Lord, as we continue to walk with you, mold us, Lord. Don't fill our heads, Lord, with information. Fill our hearts with your word, Lord. Father, may your word be so tangible, so real, a practical outworking. Father, that you would come live in our lives, dear God. We don't want to approach you in some academic manner. Oh, forbid it, Lord. Please, we want to come to you, Lord, that you can mold us and shape us, Lord. So, take us up to your potter's house just now. Mold us over, Father. Make us like you. Commit our lives into your hands, Lord. Just want to plead your blood over everyone here, those who may be listening, Lord, for your glory, Lord, that our hearts desire us, Lord. We want more of you, more of your character, Lord. Grant it, Father. We love you and we thank you, Lord, for this day in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. And that's yours. Song, make me more like thee. Oh, make me more like thee. Jesus make me more like [Music] give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. Oh yes. Make me go like thee. [Music] Jesus made me more like thee. Give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. What about that song? To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. [Music] to be like Jesus. On earth I long [Applause] to be like him. All through life's journey [Music] from earth to glory. [Music] more than I am to be like him. I'm not sure we know that one. I see the bright light shining. It's just about time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for delivering, but I've never been this one before. There's a light in the window. There's a table spread in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. I can't see the crystal river. Oh, I must be here forever. And I've never been there before. I see the bright light shine. It's just a matter of time. I can't see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wild place. I'm ready for deliver. [Music] I've never been this whole city. I can see the families gather. between faces of familia. No one told evil anymore. Oh, how this heart is crying. I'm going to spread my wings for flying and I've never been this before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about all the time. I can't see my father standing at the door. [Applause] This world has been away. [Applause] I'm ready for [Music] I've never been this. [Music] [Applause] I have heard the end time message as spoken by the prophet. He told me of my bride to love to show [Applause] how the king of glory honor has given me his promise and I'll never in this world I see the bright light shine. It's just a battle. [Music] I can't see my pro standing at the door. This world has been wild. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this. Oh, I see the bright light. I see the bright light. It's just a matter of time. I can't see my standing at all. This world's big. [Music] I'm ready for [Applause] Lord. I never Amen. How about we finish off with um Thank God I am free. If Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he should bring me out and show me the way. For a long time my trouble [Applause] [Music] down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy and sin. I sang, "Lord, then I heard about Jesus." What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his saving power. Thank God I am free. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm safe. Save. Save by wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. Like a bird out of prison. [Music] [Applause] Oh, that's taking it flight. [Applause] Like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Like a for ship beggar that found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his holy name. Thank God I am free. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Save by his wonderful grace. [Applause] I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. Thank God I am free. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. [Applause] I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. save by his wonderful grace. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me. Listen that one more time. Thank God I am free. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. [Music] I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save sake. Wonderful grace. [Applause] I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. [Music] Amen. Let's just Amen. Let's pray this morning. Lord, we're so thankful that we can say this morning that we're free, Lord, that there was such a weight of sin upon us, Lord, and that and and yet you came down, Lord, and you paid that price of our salvation, Lord, and you set us free. And you said, "He whom the son sets free is free indeed." Lord, so we regardless of how we might trudge on through this life, Lord, we know that when I get to the end of the road, Lord, I won't have any trouble at the river. Lord, that's true value in life, Lord. That's true investment, Lord. That's the best investment we can make, Lord, is is our in our eternal destination in the state of our soul, Lord. So, we thank you that you've saved us, Lord, that you've you've shown us the way, Lord. And I pray you bless each one here. Thank you for the word this morning, Lord. Thank you for Lord as even as we heard these things Lord to just keep remembering them Lord that we are to be built up into the stature of a perfect man and a perfect woman Lord that you you don't just start us and you do a make half an effort on us Lord but you're a wise master builder Lord and that you take us through things each and every day Lord to mold and shape and to to continue to build us up Lord so I just pray you'd continue blessing upon each one here this morning may you just bless us as we go away and bless the lunch and the meeting we have afterwards we just commit ourselves to in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. You're dismissed um this afternoon. Our God. Ready. Count to one. Ready. Our God. One. Not faster. Two. [Music] Good. [Music] Water you turn into wine. [Music] Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Oh, there's none like you. Into the darkness. Into the darkness and shine. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, there's none like you. Our God is greater. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. God, you are healer, awesome and power. Our God. Our God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Water you turn into wine. Open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Heart is none like you. Into the darkness. Into the darkness shine. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. There's none like you. Our God is greater. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome, and power. Our God. Our God. And our God is greater. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome power. Our God. Our God. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then who can stand the gates? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what can stand against? [Applause] [Music] What can stand against our God? Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome and power. Our God, our God, our God is straighter. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are
