################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 2505-25 - The Abrahamic Age part 2 - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   2505-25 - The Abrahamic Age part 2 - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcLQ5Wd39oI
========================================

[Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] I do. [Music] Praise the Lord. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to church this morning. It's good to um it's it's I'm I'm always so grateful to to understand, you know, that we didn't just get here by chance, but the Lord actually decided that he was going to call me. Otherwise, I wouldn't have any interest in responding to his call. It it wouldn't interest me. This morning, I would be doing something different than waking up and driving along to church, you know. And I when you get older, I don't do it because someone drags me along. I do it because I want to I want to serve the Lord. I want to I want to be on his team. I want to I want to push his work forward each day. I want to I want to fight for the kingdom of the Lord for his for the kingdom of light. I want to make put my effort in to further that that kingdom. and and you know when I on at the end of the road I'd like to think that it's not to it's not to try and get any to get more uh what would it be to earn my salvation more because that's been fully paid for. But in in recognition of what the Lord's done for me, I enjoy fighting for his kingdom. And I like it when it moves forward a bit. And I and I like and and and who likes winning? I like when the kingdom of God wins in situations. I'm like, "Yes, I like fighting the good fight of faith and I like winning." And and we're on the winning team. And you know, anytime we stand by faith and move forward for the Lord, we can assure that we always win. So, and you know what? you just by showing up, no matter how you feel, just by showing up and warming a pew is actually winning and you're pushing the kingdom of God forward, you know, you're you're you're inspiring people. You're you're you're you're moving forward in the Lord. So, let's um let's stand this morning and um just pray. Heavenly Father, we we thank you so much that we have the opportunity to come and praise and worship you this morning. Lord, we know that we we can't earn our way into salvation that you've paid the you you've paid the full price for us, Lord, but ultimately you just wanted us to come and praise and worship and to fellowship with you, Lord. So, we we come this morning not to show ourselves that we're anything, but we come to worship you. We come to praise you. We just come to fellowship with you this morning, Lord. And may just bless us, bless the worship, rest, bless the praise, Lord. You you said you you tell us that you in inhabit the praises of your people, Lord. So as we praise this morning, Lord, we believe you're in our midst, Lord, and you're with us as we praise, as we worship, as we gather in your name, Lord. So we know we don't come to a God that's just a a figment of our imagination, Lord, but we we come to the living God this morning that's moving in our midst, Lord, that's touching every heart, Lord, that's more real than what we can see this morning, Lord. Even though we come to the unseen God, Lord, and yet you can do things in our in our life in an unseen way, Lord, and they manifest into our reality, Lord. So we just want to pray you'll touch every heart, fill every heart with the Holy Ghost this morning. Fill us with love, with joy, with peace, with longsuffering, Lord, with strength, Lord. You said those they that wait upon you shall renew their strength. Lord, may each one here be strengthened this morning. But when we leave, Lord, we we're going to be stronger than we were when we came, Lord, and we're going to be strengthened to press the battle and fight the good fight of faith, Lord. So we just commit the service to your hands in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm feeling good this morning. [Music] Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God and praise with the spirit and with understanding will magnify the Lord. All you that mourn in Zion, I have [Music] authority to appoint unto you in Zion. Oil of joy that will set you free. Put on the gun. Let's pray for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. Praise with the spirit and with understanding or magnify the Lord and lift up the hands that hang down. Lift up the voice now still and we will give unto God continue with praise. Sing forth from Zion. He'll put on the garments. Pray for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. And we will pray with the spirit and with understanding will magnify the Lord. And we will sing Yaheh. Halleluah. We will worship and praise our God. We will praise and adore him. Bow down before him. Oh, magnify the Lord. Put on the garments. So, pray for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. And we will praise with the spirit and with understanding. We'll magnify your love. Put on the garments. Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. And we will praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. Amen. Amen. Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heavy. Let the oil of gladness flow down from your throne. Put on the garments of praise. The spirit of [Music] heaviness. Your joy is my strength alone. My strength. Listen to that one again. Put on the garments of Anyone know this song? For the spirit of heaven. It's actually Here you go. It's actually Irish. Joy of gladness flow down from your throne. Put on the garments of praise. Spirit of heaviness, your joy is my strength alone, my strength alone. Make these broken, weery bones rise to dance again. Where is this dry and thirsty land with a river? Lord, our eyes are fixed on you. Lord, our eyes are fixed on you. We are waiting for your calling of [Music] praise as we praise your name. Put on the garments. Put on the garments of praise. The spirit of heaviness. Let the oil of gladness flow down from your throne. Put on the garments of praise. Spirit of heaviness, your joy is my strength alone. My strength alone. Lord, arise in this place. Make these broken weary bones. Rise to dance again. Where this dry, thirsty land with a river. Lord, our eyes are fixed on you. Lord, our eyes are fixed on you. We are [Music] waiting for your garments of praise as we praise your name. Lift up from the top again. Put on the garments of praise. Spirit of heaviness. Let the oil of gladness flow down from your throne. Put on the garments I praise for the spirit of heaviness because your joy is my strength alone. My strength alone. Amen. Sorry to know people didn't know this song. Sorry. Did no one heard it before? Yeah. Yeah, man. Yeah. Got some Irish blood there. I'll praise the praise on the mount. I'll praise when I'm sure. We got the right key. And praise when I'm down. I'll praise when I number praise when [Music] surround my enemies round. As long as I'm breathing, I got a reason to pray. Hey the Lord, oh my soul, I'm going to pray. Hey the Lord, oh my soul, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How can I keep it inside? I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. I'll praise when I feel it. I'll praise when I don't. I'll praise cuz I know you're still in control. [Music] My praise is a weapon more than a [Music] sound. My praise is a shout that brings Jericho [Music] down. As long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to pray. [Music] [Applause] Oh my soul, I'm going to pray. Lord, oh my soul, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to pray. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise cuz you're so soft. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you move and defeated the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody great. I'll praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise could [Music] nobody pray. Oh my soul, I'm going to pray. Oh my soul, I won't be quiet. I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? Praise the Lord. Oh my god. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh my soul. I'm going to pray. [Music] Oh, I won't be quiet. Oh, I won't be quiet. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to pray. Oh my soul. I'm going to praise the Lord for my soul. I want to do one more. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one [Music] heart. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. Every word of worship with one. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing halleluah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing halleluah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory. Hallelujah. To our God. Every praise. Every praise to our God. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. Every praise. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship with the one I praise. Every praise to our God. Every praise. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship with one. Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Sing glory. Hallelujah. To our God. Every praise. Every praise to our God. God our savior. God a savior. God a healer. God [Music] a yes he is. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. [Applause] God our deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. And you can take your seats this morning. We have a um Sunday school skit for you this morning. [Applause] Good morning everyone. So men are just as Sunday school teachers, aren't we? And we've watched these little guys grow together. I think when we came to Wellington, Noel and Anelise were six months old. And we used to watch Anelise and have Sunday school back then. Brunwin Clifford, I'm glad you're here because she was like the Sunday school guru. Um, she remembers all these guys. So, they've grown. Look at them. And they keep growing. They're actually getting taller than Isaac and myself, but that's not hard to do. So, um, uh, so this is the Dove's class. This is the older youth. Um, and we've got Jonno, Fangi, Liam, Abraham, Ruben, Mo, Juel, Noel, Ama, Anelise, and Lilia. So, we'll give them a big round of applause. Um, because they're growing in an age where we didn't have to as parents. They have a lot I think they have it a lot harder than what we do. So, you're doing well, guys. Um, so we're going to um we have a Sunday school lesson. Actually, we I've been asked multiple times what I'm doing in my Sunday school lesson because you guys watch us bring all the food in multiple times. So, uh, we're going to give you a rundown of our Sunday school lessons. So, uh, this is your adult Sunday school lesson for the day. All right, guys. Yeah. So, while they are getting ready, I thought I would just explain a few because we're going to demonstrate the point that we got to of the Sunday school lessons. I wasn't sure what to do. Actually, I was like, "Ah, these guys are bigger. I don't really do big. I only do like little guys and can be silly with them." But um so I was praying on my knees praying because I was a little bit nervous actually and the Lord gave me a thought to um do the banqueting table. So I thought okay great cuz um uh yeah not that we are in competition a Priscilla to be the best Sunday school teachers or anything. Um and I thought that's great. Um because then I get to feed them. So um so I was very thankful to the Lord that we got to do the banqueting oh table and the the thing that I wanted to show them was I didn't grow up in a Christian background. I gave them my testimony. So I kind of started with a testimony. So I grew up in quite a worldly home. There were drugs and alcohol and um what parties and just things that the like having a um Yeah, quite a lot of fights in the family home, etc., etc., that these guys don't have to necessarily deal with. Um, and I wanted to show them and also even though they might go through hard times, what I didn't have as a child was the wisdom of God that he's with us. So, I wanted to show them, hey guys, God's given you a lot. And I wanted to show them naturally and I wanted to show them spiritually. So naturally, oh, do we cover all the tables? There's one more tablecloth. There's one more tablecloth. So we Oh, just make it just make it look nice, guys. Okay. So, um, so I wanted to show him naturally what he's given us because it's a type of what he's given us spiritually, right? So, um, so he's given us the Bible. We do not live in a country that we get persecuted. We can hold our Bibles around. We can read it out loud. We can shout at it to people if we really want to. Um we do we're not going to be thrown in jail for it. The other thing is um he gave us a messenger. So we're not grappling. When I when I first came became a Christian, I uh got um converted, I guess you'd say. The Lord met me at a Baptist church. So when I read the Bible, it was just stories. And God was this God and the Holy Spirit flew around and Jesus was his son. And I prayed to who did I pray to now? I prayed to the Holy Ghost. Maybe I prayed to God. Maybe. But it wasn't I knew God was real and I'd met Jesus. But God sent us a messenger to tell us who God is. Then you know who you're praying to. I said, "Oh my." So, we I showed them while we were eating and I was telling them, "Man, he's given us so much. And look what we got. We got sermons coming out of our ears. We've got our phone. We've got the table on here. We can listen to messages. We can watch messages. We can like we've got so much in this day. It's crazy." So, I had them all sitting around eating, which they loved. Um, and then it dawned on me the next Sunday school. So I thought, okay, well, does he want us just to get fat? Like, does he want us just to sit around and eat all the good stuff and enjoy being a Christian or what does he want us to do at the table? He wants us to eat at the table every day, of course, but what after that? Okay, so that came to the next Sunday school lesson, which was the greatest commission of all. And that was their Sunday school lesson or Sunday school verse which um being nervous I won't remember offh hand give me a moment um and he said unto them go into all the world and proclaim the gospel to the whole to every creature right that's the greatest commission and he said don't worry about it go tell don't all these signs will follow you but go tell and even adman he said, "Go tell to every creature." So when Isaac and I were running past cows, I'm like, "God loves you." Cuz I really like cows, too. He's like, and it was after the sermon, Isaac's like, "You just preached to the creatures, did you?" I'm like, "Yes." Cuz he heard this sermon as well. So if you see me yelling at animals on the side of the road, I'm just telling him Jesus loves them. And I also told these guys, actually, a lot of people need to know that Jesus loves them because we're being told daily people hate you. You know, Satan's going around telling kids, these guys, especially this age, teenage age, your parents hate you, your all your friends hate you, the school hates you. Satan's just going, "Hate, hate, hate, hate, hate." But we as Christians need to say, "Love, love, love, love, love. Jesus died for you. You're loved." Right? Okay. So now that takes us to the next thing and this is the conclusion of the Sunday school. Okay. Let me show you this. Where'd that white Oh, here we go. Okay. Now I'll just This is old school, right? I didn't I didn't want to do it on the the projector just yet because we didn't have one up there. Okay. So, excuse me for a moment. You go startled, "What are we doing?" And I had to yell to the children like that. So, they'd be startled, which I think Analise actually dropped her her donut on the ground. But I wondered, you think about it, I wonder if God actually tells us that. What are we doing when we're sitting there on our phone scrolling? What are we doing when we're walking down the park, you know, somewhere doing nothing? What are we doing? It's like they're souls, right? So then I explained we come from God. This is where we are. We have all eternity to rest, to relax, to go on vacation. This is our vacation. Okay. This is where we come from. This is our vacation. This is where we are. We have a very, very short amount of time. Okay. AB, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. Okay. He said he don't want to do any plays with me because I cry. But um see that we've got a very very short amount of time. Okay. So this brings us to the conclusion of our Sunday school lesson. All right guys ready? Let's get into positions. You hold on. Okay. Thanks Liam. All right. So we've got the Lord. And now these are Christians going to be coming up and especially around their age. So with our short amount of time, what are we doing? A lot of Christians these days, it's all about self. It's all about selfies. It's all about image. It's all about flash cars. It's all about houses. It's all about material things. But what happens at the end of the road? Do we keep them? Do they burn up? Do we all we have is our character, right? Yeah. Just sad. Sad. So they came to heaven with nothing. They got there. Okay. Yet next. And then we've got Oh, this dawned on me. So guys are geared with special things because they're made in God's image really. And they're real important. men, males. Okay, wait. Let me don't don't move. So So young men and men, you guys are made so special, okay? And Satan knows it. So he's made you guys warriors. He's made you guys like you want to win and you're competitive and he's taken that nature. So Satan in the Leadyian church age has taken that nature and he's given you stuff that you can see, which is I've won this goal. See that? And and you get to watch the crowds go. Yeah. So, you're popular and you get to put all your time and energy on earth into something that what are you going to take it with you? Go ahead and take it. And what happens when one soul comes to Christ? Who's cheering? All of heaven. But Satan knows that competitive nature and he doesn't want these guys working for the kingdom of God because they're very powerful. All right, next. Here comes another competitive enjoying the hunt. Yes, I'm a message believer. I can go hunting cuz brother Brennham did. Um, look all at all those trophies. There's a reason why brother Brennham went hunting. I'm not saying hunting is bad, but he had to he had a big fight, a struggle. So, here's all his trophies. And does he bring him to heaven? No, we're not even Oh, sorry. We're not going to be killing animals in here. I'm I'm planning on riding them, feeding them. Okay, but I'm a girl. But yeah, it's never struck me to kill an animal. Um, but yes, trophies. Awesome. Um, but they mean nothing to the Lord. They will burn up like everything else. Everything we see right here is going to burn. It's not going to last. Okay. Then we've got guys who has dedicated their life to the Lord. They are going out daily. They're reading their Bible. They're saying, "Hey Lord, what's this? What's this thing in me? How you've created me special? How can I use it for your kingdom?" They went out. They told people about Christ. They prayed for people. They used their gifts and talents for the Lord. And guess who they're going to see at the banqueting table with them? So, uh, the moral, well, not the moral, the end conclusion that we all came up with was what are we doing? What are where are we putting our time? Where are we putting our are we we're just all made so differently. I always thought, you know, like Dave, he's reminds me of brother Andy. I'm like, man, he's got an evangelistic um calling on his life. You know, I've got Noel. I only know my children because I live with them. You know, I know she's a prayer warrior. You know, it's like, man, Satan, lady is he in church. The lady is in church. It's easy to just sit and do nothing and just feed on the word and we have such a good life, but we it's it's the souls that matter, right? So um I hope this encourage we wanted it to be a blessing to you and hope it encourages all of us to push um that lady and church age and all those devils that want to make us fruitless and help us to remember that the only things that matter on this earth and why we're living are the souls that we bring. Okay, so that's our Sunday school lesson. We hope you enjoy it and we've got a song for you as well. [Applause] So you guys can sit back down. You can leave it there. Come in front, guys. This way. [Music] The [Music] words at the table, Lord. of the Lord. I will feast at the table of the Lord. I won't hunger anymore at his table. [Music] from all your command is your gy. He is. He is [Music] able at the table. [Music] There is peace at the table of the Lord. There is peace at the table of the Lord. I won't worry anymore at his table. Oh, are you [Music] coming in your body? [Music] He is able. He will at the [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] table. There is healing at the table of the Lord. There is healing at the table of the Lord. I won't suffer anymore. That is a you [Music] I can [Music] you. Oh. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just do one more song before brother B comes up. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] that this [Music] Morning. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh Lord God Almighty reign. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Glory, glory. Are you Lord God Almighty? Worthy is a lamb. where he is. You are holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are [Music] holy. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] For the Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. For the Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelujah. Are you Lord God Almighty? Worthy is a lamb. Worthy is a lamb. You are holy. [Music] Holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. For you are [Music] holy, holy, you are God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy, holy are you, Lord God [Applause] Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy. Amen. He's worthy, isn't he? Worthy to be praised, loved, adored. Hallelujah. God bless you all this morning. Great to have everyone here. Amen. Great to have Kathy here. God bless you. Welcome. Praise the Lord. Amen. Great to have brother Nenny, sister Chiso here. God bless you. Welcome home. Just like old times. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Great to have you. Amen. Who enjoyed that Sunday school skit? Amen. The song. Thank you so much. Amen. Really enjoyed that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you musicians. Appreciate all the worship and the songs and Amen. We're just going to go to the scripture this morning. Um before we do, we got a few prayer requests. So we've got one, so Talia is at home. She's unwell. We keep her in prayer. We need to um keep of course Carrie in prayer and um um Nana in prayer. And also um so Christina Stephanie's uh sister Melanie, her mother-in-law uh had an accident uh early this morning in Switzerland. She was hit by a motorcycle. So she's uh broken back and many injuries. So we need to keep her in prayer. She's I think in the hospital at the moment. So I mean so there there's many needs. Uh next Sunday of course we'll be in Bulls. Okay. So if you come here there won't be anyone here. So in Bulls I'll put the information again on the notice board. But we have some great needs among us this morning. So, let's just let's just slip a hand up to the Lord. Lord, remember me. And let's just call on the name of the Lord. Amen. So, let's bow our heads shallow before we open the word. Amen. Gracious heavenly father. Lord, you're the Lord God Almighty. Lord, there's none beside thee. Lord, you're the almighty one. Lord, you are the great God. Lord, we're so thankful as we stand in your presence this morning. We can call upon your great name. Lord, you see these needs, Lord, that are here. Father, we want to, Lord, remember Nander in hospital, dear God. Pray you continue to be with her. Give her strength. Father, be with her, Lord Jesus. And Father Kerry recovering from surgery, Lord. I pray that you'd touch his body and raise him up, Father, for your glory, Lord. We look at your promises, Lord, of by your stripes, he is healed, Lord. So, Father, may you touch him, Lord. And also, Lord, Melany's uh mother-in-law, Mrs. Slump, Lord, in Switzerland. She's, Lord, been hit by this motorcycle, dear God. She's um her back is broken, many injuries, dear God. I pray you'd just be with her, Father, in hospital. Lord Jesus, anoint the surgeons, the doctors, Father, those who are caring, Lord, for her, dear God. May you use the gifts in their life, Lord, and touch her life and raise her up for your glory. Lord, we commit her, the slump family into your presence by prayer. And Father, also Tali, who's unwell at home, Lord. And anyone else, Lord, who's not here among us, Lord, who normally would be, but because of sickness, they couldn't be here, be their abundant portion, too, Father. Lord, we love you with all our hearts. We commit this service this day, Father, into your hands for your glory, Lord. bless your word as we're about to read it, Lord, for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. So, we're going to go to Genesis chapter 15 this morning, and we're going to read um from verses 1 down to down to verse uh 10. And then we're going to go to Hebrews chapter 6. And I just want to continue on from um last Sunday about we're living in the Abrahamic age, Brother speaks about. So there's a people who are raised in the end time. Amen. To possess every promise. So, Amen. So, is everyone happy today? Is everyone good? Yep. Praise the Lord. Happy to be a Christian. Amen. Amen. So, let's uh go to Genesis 15:1. And after these things, the word of the Lord came unto Abraham in a vision, saying, "Fear not, Abraham. I am thy shield and thy exceeding great reward." And Abraham said unto uh said, "Lord God, Lord God, what will thou give? What will thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house? Uh, is this Eleazar of Damascus? And Abraham said, Behold, to me, uh, thou hast given no seed, and lo, one born uh, in my house, no, one born in my house is mine ear. And behold, the word of the Lord came unto him, and said, This shall not be thine ear, but he shall come forth out of thine own bells shall be thine ear. And he and he brought him forth abroad and said, "Look now toward heaven and tell the stars if thou if thou be able to number them." And he said unto them, "So shall thy seed be." And he believed in the Lord. And he and he counted it to him for righteousness. And he said unto him, I am the Lord that brought thee out of the um out of the Chaldes to give thee this land to inherit it. And he said, Lord God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it? And he said unto him, "Take thee a hepher of three years old, and a shegoat of three years old, and a ram of three years old, and a turtle dove, and a young pigeon, and he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each one against the other. But the birds divided he not." So Abraham's asking for confirmation that this promise that he's going to receive it, and God gives him a sacrifice. So God confirms his word by giving a sacrifice, right? And then also here in Hebrews chapter 6, he says, "For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swear by himself, saying, "Surely blessing I'll bless thee, and multiplying I'll multiply thee." And so after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. For men verely swear by the greater, and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife, wherein God willing more abundantly to show unto the ears of um promise the immut immutability of his counsel confirmed it by an oath, that by two immutable things in which it was impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation who have fled for refuge to lay upon the hope set before us, which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and steadfast and which end uh and which enterth into within uh that within the veil where the the forerunner is for us entered even Jesus made and high priest forever after the order of misdc. Amen. May the Lord bless the reading of his word this morning. You may have your seats. So I want to speak about as I was speaking last Sunday about we as brother Bram made the statement we're living in this Abrahamic age where where you know we live in the days of Lot but we know in the days of Lot there was Abraham and Abraham received the promised son uh God God came and visited him changed his body changed Sarah's body that they would receive the promise that God had given them. Now we are the sons and daughters of Abraham according to faith. Now let's just all focus in this morning. Okay? Let's just all be here. Okay? We're here. Let's be here. Okay. present in body and in spirit. Okay? At school, you can be present in body but not in spirit, but be both here today. Okay? Amen. So, so Abraham would Abraham would ask God because God, you think about this where where it was it was impossible for for Abraham to to receive this promised son. And then God would ask um he would ask God, "How shall I know I'm going to inherit this?" And then God would confirm it by giving him this sacrifice to to to institute the sacrifice. And God would tell him that your seed and you are your seed is going to possess this land. And so now there was a promise given to him. And so when when um you know whenever something's confirmed, you can relax. E right, I'm just kind of jumping. But you got to realize, you know, when something's confirmed to you, you know, you get given a promise. But when you receive that promise, when it becomes alive to you, when it's real to you, when you receive it, then you can relax. It's like if you give a child, you promise a child, we're going to go buy you something. They're excited. They want it. They're all, you know, they're not calm, right? They're really excited. They want it. They keep reminding you. But then when it becomes the promise becomes more than the word becomes tangible. So, for example, William, we're going to buy you some Lego. He's excited. He's jumping. He wants He wants it, right? But then when he receives that, the what is that? That promise or that oath is confirmed to him because he sees that promise in his hands. Then he relaxes. Amen. Are you following me to Amen this morning? Right. So it's the same thing with the word. Now when the word becomes a revelation, then we actually cease from all strife. All worry goes. Amen. We can relax in God's promise because it's become a revelation. Amen. He confirms his promise. Amen. Unto us. And that is when and then then all strife ends. Now Abraham, you know, we read this here. You know the first verse we read it starts with this. And after these things. Okay. So what happened in the previous chapter is that God uh Abraham met Melazedc right and then and then so after he met Melzdc then God came down and confirmed the covenant by a sacrifice. Now God has given us a great sacrifice more than doves and and and bulls and lambs and goats and all these things but it was the his own blood shed on Calvary. Amen. So, because we asked the question, how we know we're going to get a change of the body? Well, go well, God told us, well, I'm going to confirm this by by by giving you a sacrifice. Amen. By by myself becoming man dying on Calvary now. And then when that becomes more than a story to us, but a living reality. Then really, we should cease from all strife. We should enter into rest. Amen. When you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you're resting in the power of God. Amen. You're no longer trying to be the Christian trying to do right. that begins to live out of you. I mean, there's overcoming power in in the Holy Spirit. Amen. When he comes into your life, and that's when God confirms his covenant to you. Amen. Because the covenant was confirmed to Abraham, but it's got to be confirmed to you also. Amen. And because why? We're the sons and daughters of Abraham. That's why you can walk in this world, you can rejoice, you can be happy because God has confirmed his promise to you. Amen. And when he confirms it to you, you know it's going to come to pass. You just got to water that promise with praise. Amen. That's why praise ye the Lord, oh my soul. Amen. It's so important that we walk because Abraham, I believe his walk, you know, sure, he had struggles and trials, but he had a joy in his walk. Amen. He had a praise in his walk because he knew God was more than able to do it. And when it became a revelation to him, he just rejoiced in the fact, Lord, your promise is going to happen. Amen. He wasn't worry. Uh he wasn't guessing maybe he'll have the son and how's it all going to happen. He knew God was going to do it. Amen. So this one that that that that Abraham met was Malazdc. Now we know that Malazdc, he was the king of Salem. Amen. He was the priest of the most high God. So this word Salem means actually a complete peace. Amen. So So here's the king of peace coming to his coming to his subject, coming to his friend. Amen. Abraham came under the influence of the king of peace. Amen. So it's no longer him striving and worrying and up and down and things. No, the peace of God reigned in his heart. Amen. So now if you move from peace into trouble and worry and stress, you can be in a trial but have perfect peace. Amen. Paul was in a lot of trials, but he had perfect peace. Amen. Why? Because he met Mazdc. He met the king of the city. Amen. So sure, he was stoned, beaten, run from places, in hardship, all kinds of things. But yet the peace of God ruled in his heart. Amen. Why? Cuz he was under the influence of Mazdc. Amen. The king of peace. Hallelujah. And it's the same thing with you and I friends. If you have moved from peace into trouble and worry and all you see is the hardship and the problems and you're stressing and you're all tense, I'll tell you something else is trying to have dominion over your life. Amen. And you got to push that thing back in the name of Jesus Christ. You got to realize, no, that is not my king. Amen. Influencing my life. That's the enemy trying to drag me down where God wants to lift me up and stabilize my walk and give me a piece that passes all understanding. You got to realize when the enemy tries to buffet you, he doesn't come with horns and a you know, you know, a a big fork and all those things. He comes suddenly trying to change your thinking, trying to get you to think like him. Well, you know, you know, trouble comes, you say, and you know, the devil says, "Well, it'll always be this way." And you know, I have a right to be angry. I've got a right to be tense. I've got a right to be grump because all these situations of life, that's not the king of peace ruling. Amen. That's the enemy trying to rule you. So, you got to identify him and say, "Satan, get behind me in the name of Jesus Christ." Amen. Cuz there's always going to be a battle over your soul. But you got to realize the Lord has won the battle. Amen. So, he he's confirmed his covenant with you. I'll never leave you nor forsake you. I'm going to take you in a rapture. Amen. You are my child. I cannot lose you. And when he confirms it by giving you the Holy Ghost, then you can rest. Amen. We should be resting in this hour. You say, "There's so much trouble on every hand, but we should be resting." You say, "But the world's falling apart, but we should be resting cuz God wants to prove his word." Amen. God wants to prove his word. Yeah, this is um I just want to find this here if I can. He says the Bible said Abraham staggered not the at the promise of God through unbelief was strong giving praise to God. There's such a powerful secret in that. Maybe we'll go into it later. But you got to praise the Lord when I feel it, when I don't, when I'm up, when I'm down. That's irrelevant. The promises of God are not based on your emotional state. No, the promise of God to you is based on revelation. And it's far deeper than how you're feeling. You can feel down in the dumps, but praise ye the Lord. You say, "Well, you the devil come to you say you're a hypocrite by praising God when you feel down." No, you're not. Because your soul is sealed to the day of your redemption. You know in whom you have believed and that salvation is not based on how you feel. Amen. You could be having the worst time of your life. Praise ye the Lord. Amen. Give him glory. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm so glad he's my God today. Hallelujah. See, this is why we shouldn't we should not worship God or act you be a Christian based on how we feel. One day you feel saved, one fa one day you don't. Does that change your salvation? No. One day you feel like you're rapture ready. One day you think, "How on earth am I going to get there?" Does that change the fact you're going? Then why do we walk according to how we feel? Oh, but my emotions are real. Yeah, they are real. But what is re realer if that's a word? Is a revelation or feelings? I think Abraham walked by revelation. That's why he staggered not at the promise of God cuz he knew God was able to do it. Amen. Have you become fully persuaded God is able to do it in your circumstance. Amen. Because if you got the faith of Abraham, you'll be fully persuaded. God, you're more than able to do it. Whatever I'm facing right now, God, you're more than able. You're more than enough. The devil ain't enough. He's not able. Amen. God is more than able. Amen. That's why be strong giving praise to God. His name was changed from Abraham to Abraham. changing of the name made his name father of nations. Could you imagine a man living with his wife, his sweetheart that he had lived with her now all these years now somewhere in the age of 80 years old, his wife 70 years old and yet without one child or any hope of child yet claimed that he was a father of nations. Could you imagine the criticism of his of his passing fellow man would say father of nations? Oh now how many children have you at this time? and all the criticism he had to go um he had to go through with. But Abraham didn't stagger anywhere at all of unbelief, he believed that God was able to perform that which he had promised that God would prove his word no matter how long it took. But instead of getting weaker each time like we prone to do, he got stronger all the time. If it didn't happen today, tomorrow will be a greater miracle cuz it's one day older. That was God. That was God in Abraham. know that God proved all of his words to do so. If his children will only take his word so he can prove it by you. Amen. That's the only way he can prove his word. He doesn't prove it to uh to unbelievers. It can't they can't be proved. They're unbelievers. But it's not to the unbelievers. It's not for unbelievers. It's to him that believe. If he can find somebody who will believe his word, he will prove his word by you. And sometimes sickness and things happen to us that way. that God can prove himself. Amen. So, you got to realize that God wants to prove his word. It's easy to talk about Abraham. It's easy to talk about Caleb. We'll probably get to him in different ones, but he wants to prove it by your life. He wants to prove it through your faith. Amen. That's what God wants to do. He wants to prove his word that it works in 2025. Amen. God wants to use you. That's why when trouble comes in, sickness, whatever happens, you got to realize, God, you've allowed this cuz you want to prove your word in me. Amen. So, what do we do now? We be like Abraham. We don't look at symptoms or signs or, you know, trouble or whatever. No, we just look purely at his word, at his ability. We focus on that and let and just carry it in your heart. That's why it's so important. Take all the promises of God and accumulate them in your heart and walk with those. Amen. have fellowship with those like um Christine was talking to one of her brothers the other day and you know he was all down in the dumps and things and you know he's seeking the Holy Ghost and you know getting annoyed at God then she asked him the question you know you know what happened you know you know when when you saw the stars and all these things happened that was God and what about the drugs who you know God took them out of his life and you know the testimonies of what God had already done in his life begin to become alive again what faith was rising. Amen. And he realized, well, and she said, "Well, if God did that for you, the Holy Ghost is the same. The same faith will get the same, you know, we'll get that promise." He's like, "That's right." Amen. So, so, so what happened? He began to praise the Lord being happy because he realized what God has already done, he's going to continue doing. Amen. So, so why do we, you know, it's like God told Abraham here in the beginning. He says, "I took you out of the land of the earth of the Chaldes." So, he's saying, "Look, I've taken you out of there. I'm going to fulfill this part also." Amen. So, so we must never forget where God has taken us out of. Amen. Out of depression, out of the world, out of drugs, out of trouble, out of religion, out of unbelief, whatever it was, out of just a lukewarm spirit. God's taken us out of that. And if he's brought us out, he's going to take us in. Amen. He's proved that part of his word. He wants to prove all of his words in our lives. Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful for that. Amen. But you see, Abraham, Abraham was strong giving praise to the Lord. Now, we got to realize that that as Nehemiah told the people of Israel, the joy of the Lord is your strength. This is this is so important in this day as as sister Shannon was saying, everything's hate, hate, negative, hate, hate. But we need to preach love. We need to have a life of the love of God around us to build each other up. Amen. So, it's only the positive that will that will give you strength, right? Looking at your circumstances never gives anyone strength. Brother Ram said, "Worry never helped or delivered a single soul upon the planet, but faith can deliver." Amen. He said, "Well, what if you're getting shot in the morning?" Well, faith could deliver me. Amen. Faith could deliver. Amen. So, even in impossible circumstances, faith could deliver. How did Peter get out of the jail? He was in the inner prison. He had all those soldiers around him and in the morning he was going to get executed. What brought him out of the jail? The faith of the believer. Amen. The faith of the believer touched heaven. God sent his angel. Brought brought Peter out. Why? because faith moved him out of that prison. Amen. So I think we should look at that, you know, look at our circumstances the same way. Faith can deliver. Faith does deliver. Amen. That's why we should realize that, you know, the joy of the Lord is our strength. Amen. It's not a See, see, negativity is weakness. Amen. But if we have a joy of the Lord, Lord, you're so great. Lord, you're so awesome. In this trial, you're the same. Amen. Lord, you've never left me. You've never forsaken me. Lord, you've always been on time. Lord, you've always come through, Lord Jesus. Lord, you're so good to me. Thank you for purchasing my salvation. Well, it builds a joy and it gives you a strength in the battle. Hallelujah. That's why we must always never let our testimony become negative. See, David would say, "Lord, restore the joy of thy salvation." Amen. Brother Ram said, you know, like someone who backslides, really what backsliding is is they just get out of fellowship with God. They ain't lost. They just get out of fellowship with God. I say David got out of fellowship with God when he took Bashibba. But you know when you know when it was exposed and he came back to God, he says, "Lord, restore the joy of thy salvation." Amen. Praise the Lord. Joy, the joy of the Lord is your strength. Amen. But you see now Abraham Abraham was promised the land, but he didn't receive the land, right? He walked up and down it. He was shown every part of it, but it was for his children to dwell there. Amen. And it's the same thing if you look at all the promises of God. You look down through. So I'm just trying to find here in Hebrews chapter 11, it says here now these all died in faith. There's all the heroes of faith. Having not received the promises, but having seen them a far off were persuaded of them and embraced them and confessed they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth. So So God showed Abraham, "Your seed's going to dwell here." He showed them the promise. this is their land and and he saw it a far off. He wasn't going to see his seed possess it, but he embraced that promise, you know. And how many promises of the Bible have been left for this time? Amen. That that even the early church, they did not receive the promises that we have. Amen. You I often think of John the Revelator, you know, he's about to write what the seals are, and God says, "Seal them up." You know, so he saw it, but he couldn't speak of it. He couldn't write it down. He said that's for the end time when the seventh angel will sound and the mysteries of God would be finished. You know when when um the apostle Paul would speak about the rapture and he'd speak they which are alive and remain to the Thessalonians I believe they would have read that the Thessalonians would have read that say we are going to be the alive and remain group right but the promise they embraced the promise but the promise was for 2,000 years down the road for this day. Amen. For you know when the apostle Paul wrote that we not all we shall not all sleep but we shall be changed in a moment twinkling of an eye to those who read that it would have been this is my promise and they are a part of the promise but they had to they're the ones that die in Christ right but those which are alive and remain that is our promise amen so every promise of the Bible many of them were seen a far off and embraced like we read there in the scripture but they are all for today amen so it's not just to see them a far off. We don't see the promises a far off like in the future sometime. Therefore, now if that's all you get out of this service, here's my summary. Every promise is yours. Go take it. Don't let nothing stop it. Amen. Don't let no enemy stop you. That's my summary. Okay? Every divine promise is yours today. Amen. So, so now you know Abraham would walk up and down the land. He'd see the land, but he never he never possessed it like his children would. So now 400 years down the road now, God was going to bring the seed of Abraham back into the promised land. I say it's the same thing like the early church. They walked up and down the promises. But it came seven church ages later where the where the where the where the children of the faith will come back in into the promised land, back into the Holy Ghost, and they would possess every part of it. That's you and I. God wants to prove his word that there'll be a people upon the earth that every divine promise of God, they possess it. Amen. There's no squatters on their land. Amen. There's no enemies telling them they can't have it no more. Amen. No, they drive every enemy off and they possess every divine promise. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. It says here in Hebrews 11 39 and 40, and all these having retained a good report through faith, received not the promise, God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect. Amen. So, so they didn't receive the promise, but we're here to receive every promise. This is the hour we live. Amen. If they live this time, they would receive the promise, right? So, it's just God places in this age. Amen. To receive every promise that they saw. Now, God would God would speak to Abraham and he'd say, "So, if I just find this here, see now, let's just, sorry, I'm just trying to find where I'm up to." Amen. Let's just read this here from Jehovah Gyra. He says, "Your children of God, come back to your covenant. Come back into the promised land." What is the promise? Peter said, "On the day of Pentecost, the promise is unto you and to your children and to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." The promises to them, "Yes, sir." Now, we find out when Abraham separated himself, God came to him and said,"Abraham, all this is yours." Now, he never had said that uh before that. But you see, he still he was still tied down with his hanging on little thread here, too many loose ends. He had a lot of he had Lot still with him and all the fuss and so forth. So when he separated himself, got really where God told him to Abraham, then God appeared to him and said, "Now Abraham, get up and walk through the land. Look at it. It's all yours. I give you divine healing. I give you salvation. I give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I give you all these promises. Every one of them is yours, Abraham. Look through them. See what you all you got. See, just see what's yours. Then they're all yours, Abraham." Amen. I can see father Abraham looking, just looking, saying, "Praise God, I own that mountain. I own this mountain. I own that. I own this. I own that. It's all mine." Amen. That's the way it is. Everything in the Bible belongs to me. I'm Abraham's son. I'm Abraham's seed. Amen. You're Abraham's seed. See, he walked up and down the land seeing everything that was his, but his future generation came in and possessed it. And I think it's very important in this day we look at what is ours, not what the devil says is ours. What God says is ours. Amen. Because when when the Lord opened the book of redemption, the title deed of redemption, he was revealing our inheritance. Amen. It was more it's more than horse riders and saying it's it's the revelation contained in the seven seals. Amen. Is our inheritance. It's our right. It's our birthright. Amen. It's what Christ died that we would fall air to. Amen. So in that within the seals is overcoming power. I mean within the seals is the power to break cycles. Amen. To break generational curses. Amen. To break problems that have been petting for years and generations and tempers and fussing and fighting and indifference and all these things. It's here to be broken. Amen. Where maybe a depressive spirits been down through your family line. It's got to be broken. Amen. Amen. Maybe there's a temper or high passion or adulterous spirit. Whatever it is. Amen. God is here to break those things. Amen. There's a power in this word to break everything that is not of God. We're going to realize God's given it to you by his grace that's here for you to possess. Hallelujah. Amen. And I tell you what, friends, it's nothing we earn. Amen. Okay. I I You know what I like about it? The fact that we don't earn it, then that means I can receive it. Amen. I can possess it. I can enjoy it because I didn't earn it. Because if I try and earn it, I won't be able to earn it. Amen. And that's how God made his program. Amen. He says this now. He says this in the lady and church age and this is speaking of wait let's just go back here he's speaking now let us examine this phrase as many as I love. In the Greek the emphasis uh is upon the personal pronoun I. He does not say as many as would feel he should say as many as love me. No sir we must never try to make Jesus the object of human love in this verse which is from Revelations 3. As many as I love I rebuke and chasen. Right? This is what he's talking about. Okay. Now he says, "No, it is the many that are that that are the loved ones of God. It is his love in question, not ours." So once again, we find ourselves glorifying in his salvation, his purpose, and his plan. And we are confirmed even more strongly in the truth of the doctrine of the sovereignty of God. Now, as he said in Romans 9:13, Jacob have I loved. Does it now obtain that since he loved only the many, is he therefore in a state of complacency, awaiting the love of those who have not um um who have not drawn nigh him? By no means is this so for he declared also in Romans 9:13, "Esau have I hated." And in verse 11, the spirit boldly calls out, "For the children not being born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth." This love is elective love. It is his love for his elect, and his love for them is apart from human merit. Yes. So you don't earn this. Amen. We need to get this. See this is the problem of the overlap of a previous age of Pentecostal influence coming to the messages a legalism of earning something. Brother Am said they were good legalists. They tried to earn their way into heaven by speaking in tongues or some sign or some miracle. But every promise of God is without human merit. Amen. The grace of God is God. It's it's his unmmerited favor comes upon your life. And why does it come upon your life? Because you're one of his children. Amen. So this is all apart from human merit. And I rejoice in this because it means as I said before that it's mine. I don't need to earn it. I don't need to strive for it. He's freely given it. Therefore, I can receive it. Amen. It's not I'm not even in the picture. It's what he has done is in the picture. Just like Abraham wasn't in the picture when it came to him receiving the promised son. God said, "I'm going to confirm this to you by a sacrifice. And the power of that sacrifice is going to come into your life. Change your body. You're going to have the promised son." Amen. Now, that was under the blood of bulls and goats. Now, how much will those under the blood of Jesus Christ, Amen, where God would confirm his covenant, Amen, in our lives by giving us the baptism of the Holy Ghost? Amen. I hope we're not having art class in the front row right here. We Okay, you with me? Amen. Now, you see, you see a lot from up here. But it's apart from human merit. Amen. That means I can receive it. Hallelujah. Amen. This is why he would say here, if I can find this in um first 1 Corinthians 2, he says now he says this. He says, "Now now we have received not the spirit of the world but the spirit which is of God that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God." So it's been freely given to us. Amen. So that therefore we can freely receive it. Amen. And the only thing stopping us receiving it is the enemy. That's all it is. Amen. It's not you. It's not God. And it's the enemy trying to get between you and the promise. Amen. So therefore, we've got to we got to realize everything that the enemy tries to keep us from, we got to get it. Amen. Never ever put up for second place in terms of, well, I guess I've just I I I'm just a complex individual and this is why I can't have joy and this is why I can't be me and this is why I can't be free. That's an enemy telling you lies, preaching to you a lie that this is where you belong. No, no, you belong. rejoicing, happy. Amen. God wants us to be happy, happy in the Lord. He wants us to be rejoicing. He wants us to be at peace. He doesn't want us to be all troubled and stressed and, you know, because being sincere is not being grumpy and all bound up. That's not sincerity. That's just being grumpy and bound up. Being sincere is a genuine Lord, I love you. You're everything to me. I want you to live, Lord. Express yourself how you want through my life. Your word is true. That's a sincerity. But all the twisted up and grumpy and all you know all this. No, that's see that's the devil bringing false humility. We ain't ordained to have a false humility and we ain't ordained to be grumpy and tense and highrung and all these things. No. Well, you say, "Well, it's my personality." Don't let the devil lie to you. Some of us are more dogmatic. Some of us are more flaggmatic, all these things. But don't let Well, I'm just made this way. You know, like Lady Gaga singing you, I was born this way. Yeah, I hear people sing that at work. I'm thinking, why are you singing? Why are you owning that? I'm glad I wasn't born. I Well, my first birth is not my not my identification. Amen. My first birth doesn't make me who I am. Praise God. I'm glad I'm not that guy anymore. Hallelujah. I'm so thankful for the baptism of the Holy Ghost that transforms that seed in your life. Brings it to expression. Amen. God shows you you're a son of God. That means you behave like me, you act like me, you think like me because why? You are me. Hallelujah. You're an extension of me. Hallelujah. Say, well, if it's without human merit, you I was thinking of this here. I was thinking of m uh Mphibicheth. Glory. I just love the skit. You know, it was his first birth. It was the grace of David that brought him to the table. Amen. that David would confirm the covenant he made with Jonathan. He would confirm his oath by bringing bringing his looking after the descendants of Jonathan. Like Jesus would, you know, God said to Abraham, I'm going to confirm my promise by bringing it to pass. And the Lord Jesus said to us, I'm going to confirm my promise by bringing it to pass in you. Amen. A spotless bride made in the image of his word. Hallelujah. Victorious overcoming. I'm going to confirm that in your life. Amen. So God would God would move on David in a certain season. Amen. Mphibicheth was forgotten about for a while, but he wasn't forgotten about forever. Amen. You may feel forgotten about, but you won't be forgotten forever. I know. I believe God is here. Amen. To awaken you, to make you realize you're not forgotten. You're not destitute. You're not down in Lola Labar no more. But you've been carried to the table. Hallelujah. And you think about it. Mphibicheth's first birth disqualified him from the table. Actually disqualified him from even being alive cuz he was the rightful heir to the throne of Israel. He was a descendant of King Saul. Amen. But you see, so his first birth disqualified him from the table. His first birth made him an enemy of of David. Just like our first birth made us an enemy of God. Disqualified us from every promise of God. But we don't stay in that condition. Amen. Why? Cuz the grace of God like the grace of David overrode A Mphibicheth's first birth. And he says, "Are there any descendants of Jonathan alive?" Hallelujah. The grace of There was a There was a pull. There was a pull of the grace of David to pull Mphibicheth to the table. Amen. So, here comes Mphibicheth thinking he's going to die, thinking he's going to be executed in the palace or whatever more. But David's not interested in killing him. Amen. David's interested in restoring him, restoring his lands, restoring his possession. Amen. Restoring us back to what we should have had in the beginning. Hallelujah. Why? Cuz we come in crippled, you know. Hallelujah. That's why I love, you know, Jesus told the parable of the invitation to the wedding feast. I'm one of the hope blind lame blind. I'm from that category of people. Go get them. Amen. God instructed his angels, go get those ones. get there crippled. Mphibicheth couldn't necessarily walk the distance to get to the table. So, he would have been carried put in a carriage. Amen. We were carried to the table of the Lord. Hallelujah. We couldn't get there ourselves. I was lame. I was spiritually crippled. I was spiritually blind. I couldn't find the way to the to to my seat. Amen. But God sent a message. God sent a word. Amen. To carry me to his table. Hallelujah. Amen. And you know what I love about Mphibicheth sitting at the table? He comes in. The mighty men are sitting there. Hallelujah. God's great heroes of faith are sitting there. God's anointed son's at the table. And when Mphibius sits down behind the table, he looks like the mighty men. Amen. He looks like the son. Hallelujah. They all look the same way cuz the tablecloth of David's God's grace covered his crippled places. Amen. Amen. So he got there without human merit. It was because of a promise David made to Jonathan. And it's not human merit we sit at the table of the Lord. Even in this day, brother Ram said that we've been called to a feast of the word. The Pentecostals turned it down. But that's why God got went and got the cripples and the lame and the halt and the blind to sit at his table and feast on the word. Hallelujah. Amen. Like you know you know John the Baptist said God is able to raise these stones sons and daughters of Abraham. Brother said God's able to get alrats and drunkards and prostitutes and all kind of manner of people and make them into sons and daughters of Abraham. Praise God. Amen. He was talking about me when he said that. Hallelujah. God had me on me me on his mind. Hallelujah. So Mphibicheth got there without uh it was it was not his human merit. Amen. God restored him. Put him back in that table. Glory. just like us. Now, Abraham was told that his seed was going to possess this land here. Amen. Then finally, it came 400 years down the 400 years down the road. Let's just let's just read this. Actually, I just want to read this. I like these scriptures. What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid. For he saith to Moses, I'll have mercy on whom I'll have mercy. I'll have compassion on whom I'll have compassion. See, it's not him that wleth or him that runth, but God that showeth mercy. That's why when we come to God, we don't come entitled. Well, I deserve a place at the table. No. Lord, is there a place at the table for me? And that kind of attitude shows there's a place at the table for you. Lord, is there salvation for me, Lord? Lord, can you wash my sins away? Lord, is there blood for me? Hallelujah. And and then God gives you that attitude cuz God's actually telling you, there is a place for you. Hallelujah. There's mercy for you. Amen. Many people get annoyed. Well, you know, Esau was you hated before the foundation of the world. Well, he had a choice in this life. God knew the choice he would make and he despised the birthright. Jacob loved the birthright. What do we love? We love the birthright. We love the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We Yeah. Amen. We love the opening of the word. Amen. We don't despise it. We don't belittle it, saying, "Well, this is just another religion. This ain't just another religion. This is the word of God. The promises of the ages coming down to culmination in this age." Hallelujah. Amen. So now here is here is uh Caleb and Joshua. Amen. They went and spite out the land. So now they were living in the fulfillment of the promise that God confirmed to Abraham. Hallelujah. And so they go into the land. Amen. They they they they they see the land. They see the giants. They see all these things, but they actually all they're seeing is promises. They heard about it. Now they're seeing it. Amen. So they saw their promises. That's my mountain. That's my resurrection mountain. Amen. That's that cool cool stream of healing. Amen. There's that peace of God. Amen. There's the joy of the Lord. Amen. They begin to walk up and down the place and see all the promises of God. There's a resurrection place. Amen. There's the divine healing place. Amen. There's a there's overcoming power in the land. They saw all the great promises of the land. And they didn't just see it, but they carried evidence back to the rest of the rest of the group. Amen. Saying, "Amen. Taste of the land. It's a good land." Amen. We've seen it. We've seen the promises. Hallelujah. Why? Because they're walking up and down the same land Abraham walked up and down. But now they are ordained to possess the land. Amen. They are ordained to possess the all the promises that God gave Abraham just like we are here to possess every promise God gave the early church. Amen. Hallelujah. And then so Caleb would Caleb would give a good report. He didn't give an evil report. And he tells the he tells the um people he says you know you because they're saying you know the others the others tasted the land but they said no we can't overcome it. So they basically said no the land is good the grapes taste good all these things but we can never be free of these problems. We're going to be stuck in this condition. We can't drive out these inhabitants. I got to live this way and you know this is this is as far as my Christian experience can go. That's a that's a spirit of unbelief. We got to say it for what it is. But if there's anything telling you you can never be free, that's a spirit of unbelief trying to rule your life. You look that thing in the eye and say, "You don't own me. My Lord owns me and you're coming down." Amen. You're not going to rule my life. You say, "Well, it's been generations and centuries and decades. I've seen this thing. I've never could never be free of it." Yeah, you can. Yeah, you can. Amen. Cuz Caleb said, so the 10 spies, they acknowledged the goodness of the land, but then they just saw the problems in the land. says, "Nevertheless, the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled and very great. Moreover, they saw the children of Anch there. The Amalachites dwell in the land of the south, the Hittites, the Jebusites, the Amorites dwell in the mountains, and the Canaanites dwell by the sea and by the coast of Jordan. And Caleb stilled the people before Moses and said, "Let us go up at once and possess it for able to overcome it." Why? Because he realized the revelations dropped in his heart. What God promised our father, we're here to fulfill. Yes, sir. Amen. And what I love about the, you know, if you look at this word of, yeah, this is why I've opened my computer. Well, trying to find this here. He speaks of the speaks of the uh giants of giants. Uh yeah, the children of Anch. Now, this word anch is is is neat. Okay, so it's got two meanings. See, because Abra Caleb Caleb looked beyond the problems and saw the promise. You I was watching a Bible story with with William about Caleb. It just struck me. Caleb didn't see the giants. He saw the promise and he realized the promise was a greater value than defeating the enemy. Amen. He put this thing, well, I've got to fight this battle, but I'm going to get this. I want it. So, whatever's in front of me has got to go down because this is what I want. I want this promise. I want my inheritance more than anything. Amen. So, so this word anch, it means it means here it says, well, so it just says here, so the name Anch means long necked. Amen. But even these uh you so so and and and these people were giants and some people say well yes they were lot you know had long necks but maybe they didn't you know but judging by these scriptures it means also they had a lot of necklaces a lot of jewelry. Amen. So so they're giants. This just mean giants with long necks and they got a lot of wealth. So basically what you're saying, Caleb, is we're going to get rich by taking these guys down. And they got long necks, so we'll be able to cut their heads off pretty easy. So they're a big target and they're wealthy. So I'm going to I'm going to really prosper if these giants come down. Absolutely. Amen. You got to realize downing the giant, you say, "Well, you know, behind that giant, behind that complex or that or that, you know, there is a perfect marriage behind it. Amen. You mean you can have a perfect marriage? Hallelujah. You know, you Well, there's this, you know, so I just got to I just want to read this here. Do you mean I'll prosper? You know, I'll I'll get very rich by defeating these things. See, some people see the giants, other people see the promises. You down a spirit, you get rich. You got a testimony. It's got great value. I mean, you mean we can be perfectly one in a marriage. We have a perfect family. Absolutely. What's the giant standing in your way? Is it complexes, pains, hurts, misunderstandings? You mean I can be have a victorious walk every day of my life? What's the giant trying to hold you back? He's worth killing. He's worth killing. You'll become very rich. He's a big target. Who's with me today? Amen. You got to look at look at the word. Look at what the word says about what you should be. Amen. And if you're not that, you say, "God, kill the giants of my life that I will possess that promise." Amen. You're prodals. There's a giant there saying they can never come home. That's a lie. Amen. Hallelujah. Say never be well. That's a lie. That's a giant. Amen. You'll get rich by killing that thing down. Amen. You never have peace. Never have these things. That's a giant trying to stop you getting your promise. I see other people shout and be, you know, happy and rejoicing, but you know, something in me says I shouldn't be like that. That's a giant. That's a giant. Be free to be you, but don't be quiet because of a giant. If you're made that way, that's fine as long as the word's impacting your life. But don't be quiet because of a conflict. Well, this person think, well, that person think I'm not worthy. I can't do that because of this and this and this. No, kill that giant. Amen. You see, many giants are our memory of our past that God has already taken care of. Kill the thing. Amen. You say we won't we can't have a honeymoon anymore. Kill it. Kill that thing. We can never fall in love again. That's a giant. That is a lying spirit. Kill it. Don't put up with it. What do you do? You do the opposite. You don't let that thing rule you. Let him take down. Let God take down the wall in your life. Amen. I trust this is okay. I'm feeling pretty good right now. Amen. You see, you got to realize every promise is yours. Oh, you know, I can never shout and be happy and I can never receive the Holy Ghost. That's a lie. The devil telling you there's nothing to this message. That's a lie. Amen. something. Why? You say, "I don't feel anything. I don't feel a pull." That's a lie. That's an enemy trying to numb you. Amen. Well, you see, he wants to get See, do I have that? Who wants a lolly? Who wants it? Who wants it? There you go, bro. What stopped them? What stopped everyone else getting up first? Was anyone holding anyone back? Was anyone? No. You had to make a choice. I'm getting that lolly. It was given. It was shown. The promise was there. The promise was there. You had to come get it. Only one person came and got it. Hallelujah. But you see, he gave it to someone else. Hallelujah. That's a that's good, too. You see, but it's like any promise of God. We can see it's there, but it starts with a decision. That's mine. I'm going to get that thing. And I think maybe if one of the girls got over here, maybe there would have been a push. I don't know. I'll bring more lollies maybe next time. Anyway, but you know what I mean. You got to you got a purpose in your heart. Every divine promise Jesus died for is mine. I'm not putting up with anything less than every promises in my possession. If it's joy, I want it. Peace, I want it. Overcoming power, I want it. All besetting sins under my feet, I want it. This flesh under me. Amen. My imagination. Anything that's contrary to the word of God, you got to realize it's yours to subdue. Yours to take under your control. It is within your power. Amen. Hallelujah. It is within your power to do it. God did not. Brother Ram says overcoming. God doesn't force us through a pipe and say you've overcome. You've got to overcome. You've got to surrender your own self and let God use you to overcome. You say, "I've got a big complex." It's just an easier target to take down. Amen. Amen. It's like if you're on the slopes of Mount Rupe who you see these kids gliding down and if they fall over, they just get back up again. Us adults fall over, it takes us a while to get back up again. Why? Cuz the bigger they are, the harder they fall. Yeah. Amen. What are we afraid of? See, it's it's we got to we got to realize God's given us promises. We've tasted and seen the Lord is good. But there's more than just a taste. There's a whole land to enjoy, a whole buffet to enjoy. There's a table that's been prepared. Amen. There's there's Brother Bram says, there's untapped resources in God. Amen. untapped things, untapped promises that have been laying there for centuries, quotes that have been laying there in the message. Amen. That that faith hasn't struck yet to make it live in the church. Why not go looking for it? You know, um my children and I, we were watching this documentary of these people in Antarctica. They're looking for giant squids, you know, colossal squids under the ice. They had these, you know, submarines that going down. Now, they knew they were there, but they had to go exploring to find it. and they showing footage of this certain squid and and you know they're saying this has never been never been videoed before. But finally you could say the technology is here to go see it and document it. 100 years ago they didn't have that technology. There was Shackleton with his boat the endurance and all those things happened. They couldn't go under the ice and film all these things. The technology is here. Faith is here. Amen. to dig into this. Dig into the message to find things that we've just heard about, but it becomes a living reality in you. Amen. So why not why not give your life to digging into the promises of God? Why not give your life to possessing every promise? Amen. That is yours. You say, "Well, the previous generation did this and they did this and they did this." That's not you. Well, this is you now. This is your time. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. But you see now Joshua had the joy of the Lord. You say, "Well, he only got to enjoy that land for a few few years." Maybe that's irrelevant. He was 40 years in the wilderness saying, "Hallelujah. Hallelujah." Can you imagine the noise coming out of his tent? Hallelujah. Amen. He'd gather I know I've said it before, but it always strikes me I think about it. Yeah. He'd gather his family around in the evening time. They're eating mana. And he'll begin to testify. Children, I know you've heard this, but I want to tell it again. I got to tell it again because it's so alive to me. Amen. You know, children, you know, 40 years ago, 39, whatever, I went over with Joshua. And I saw a mountain and I saw giants on that mountain, but but something quickened in my heart, that's mine. Hallelujah. We've got a good land to go to. I tasted the grapes. Who was there? and maybe those of the age, you know, had some and all these things. And you know, you see this man of children, this is just down payment proving there's a land. Amen. What we're feasting on now is just down payment saying we're going to a land and God's given us this land and I'm going to and we're going to walk there one day. Amen. The promise is going to be ours. Amen. It's going to be tangible, alive. And I'm going to tell you what I told you all those years is right here, right now. Hallelujah. And there'll be shouting and hallelujah. But then you go to the other tents, not uh not Joshua's tent, but the other tents, complaining, moaning, upset. The joy of the Lord wasn't those people's strength because they didn't have a revelation the land was theirs. Amen. So when God anchors a revelation in your heart, these promises are yours, it produces a joy. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So then finally, Caleb's 84 years old. Says to Joshua, I'm as strong now as I was. You It's amazing. Caleb doesn't do any supernatural miracles. He doesn't do a single thing that's supernatural in terms of stopping the moon and the stars or you know doing what we would call but the faith in his heart the revelation in his heart was supernatural. Amen. Because he was fixated. I have a promise. I'm getting that promise in my season and it's going to be mine. Amen. And he walked in. He killed those giants and he possessed his promise. Now, how about you and I today? Because we're not here on the outside in the in the wilderness looking in and saying maybe one day we'll enter in. No, the promised land has become open up. The word is opened up that every divine promise is yours and mine. So now is the season not just to talk about it is to talk about it and possess it. So what's holding us back? What does hinder? It ain't you, it ain't God. It's the enemy. But you got to identify if your thoughts are contrary to the word saying that you can't possess something. That's the enemy talking to you. Amen. If you're all bound up in your thinking saying you'll get nowhere with God, that's not God. That's not you. That's your enemy. Amen. If if there's something telling you that God can't restore a marriage or can't restore your family or bring your prodals home, that's the enemy trying to stop you from getting a promise. Why do we settle for anything less than the promises of God? We need to take inventory and say, "Hold on. Where I am right now, I'm living below my privilege. Amen. God wants to live for us to live according to our privileges in him. Hallelujah. Amen. Then Caleb, he went, he took Hebron. Hallelujah. Killed the giants. He possessed his promise. What was given to Abraham, he possessed it. Now, I'm just going to finish with this quote. Maybe we'll have the musicians this morning. I just want to leave it with that because we got to look at it. Lord, you've given us all these, you died, Lord, these promises. Amen. that the apostle Paul would write about all these great things, the powers of God would be made known to the church. Amen. That you'd know the height and the depth and the brit and the width and the love of God, the fullness of God, you would know and experience. Every promise that you know, every promise in the word is ours. Amen. That Satan would be under your feet. I mean, you walk in joy. You know, brother Bram says that a man can be so drunk he can be drunk on the Holy Ghost every day of his life till he leaves this world. Hallelujah. Amen. Lord, make that my promise, Lord. I want to be drunk on your spirit. I don't want to be drunk on this world. I want to be overcome by the stimulation of revelation. Amen. Where the goodness of God just bubbles out. I just can't contain it no more. It just comes out like a mighty gusher. How good our God is. Hallelujah. Then you can go into your job site. You go into work, go into school, and there's just such a anointing around you. It's not negative. It's not being dragged down by this world. There's such a such a positive atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. Say, "My God can do anything." Amen. You know, you know what I think? This is just me. I think God can do anything that comes through these doors. He can fix any problem. He can meet any need. I'm just convinced cuz he is God. Amen. Not because of who we are. Because of who he is, he can do anything. Hallelujah. There's nothing out of his reach. Amen. Lazarus was 4 days in the grave. He wasn't out of God's reach. Hallelujah. His body was gone. Everything was gone. Somebody wanted to prove I am the resurrection and the life. Amen. I gave Abraham and Sarah a resurrection. Made their bodies knew they could fulfill the promise. I'm going to bring him out of the grave, too. Hallelujah. Our God can do anything. I just feel that way. Amen. So, let's stand. Well, let's just read this. There's nothing good in any of us, but when you forget about preachers and personalities and look to the Lord Jesus Christ, then you've got to get somewhere. Take God at his word. Amen. So just focus on his promises. Don't look at anything else. Look at his word. Amen. What are we What are we playing there? Amen. Yeah. Let's sing that. Victory is mine. Is victory yours today? Amen. Well, victory is mine. Yes, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus Christ. Well, love is mine. Oh, love. [Music] I told Satan you leave me behind in the name of Jesus [Music] Christ. I sat behind in the name of Jesus Christ. But I said this is mine. Peace is mine. Peace. I told Satan you get me behind in the name of Jes. Well, I got up this morning. I got up this morning. I didn't have no doubt cuz I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Well, so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me." I got up on my feet. Well, I got up this morning. I got up this morning. I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me flee. I got up on my feet with victory. Well, healing is mine." I said, "Healing is mine. Healing is mine. Healing today is mine." Well, I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus. The Holy Ghost is mine. Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today. Well, I told Satan I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jes. Well, temperance is mine. I say temperance is mine. Temperance is mine. Temperance today is mine. I told Satan, I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jes. Well, perfect faith is mine. I said perfect faith is mine. Perfect faith is mine. Perfect faith today is mine. Well, I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jes. Well, I got up this morning. I got up this morning. I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." I got up on my feet. Well, I got up this morning. I got up this morning. I didn't have no doubt cuz I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me see." I got up on my feet with you. The rapture is mine. I said, "The rapture is mine. The rapture is mine. The rapture today is mine. Well, now I told Satan. Get me behind in the name of Jes. My family is mine. Oh, my family is mine. My family is mine. My family today is Well, I told Satan. I said I don't say you get me behind in the name of Jesus. Well, all things are mine. I said all things are mine. All things are mine. All things are mine. Well, I don't say behind in the name of Jesus. Well, I got up this morning. I got up this morning. I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. But so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." I got up on my feet. Well, I got up this morning. I said, "I got up this morning." I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me see. I got up on one." Oh, I got up this morning. I got up this morning. I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I say, "Lord, help me." I got up on my They say, "Victory is mine. Victory. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine." But I told Satan to get me behind in the name. Let's sing that one more time. Victory is mine. Know I said victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Well, I told Satan. Oh, I told Satan to get me behind in the name of Jesus. Well, I got up this morning. I got up this morning. I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me flee." I got up on my feet with victory. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's let's bow our heads this morning. Amen. I just want to ask a question. You want to raise your hand if you agree. You want every promise of God. Amen. anything hindering to be moved out of the way for the Lord to show you what it is. Not to agree with the devil no more, but he'd be cast out of every facet of our lives. We have victory would possess the full promise. Amen. Gracious heavenly father. Lord, you see the hands that are raised through the building. I've got both up, Father. Lord, because this is the hour of full of every divine promise you've given, Lord God, will become manifested in your church and your bride. And Father, you're here to prove your word, Lord Jesus. So, Father, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, any any giants, any complexes, any hindrances, Father, Lord, like Caleb, Lord, he acknowledged the giants, but he knew that that mountain was his. So, Father, he defeated those enemies and he possessed his promise. So, dear God, any enemies in our life, complexes, hurts, pains, family strains, whatever it may be, Father, Lord, that are not of you, Lord, may they be exposed in the name of Jesus Christ and may they be cast out, Father. We're not, Lord, we don't want to live below our privileges, Lord. We're going to live according to our privileges in you, dear God. To be joint ears with you, Father, with the enemy under our feet, Lord, with overcoming power flowing through our lives, Lord Jesus. The enemy can't stand before us. We thank you, dear God, for these things. I just want to pray for each one here, dear God. May we look into your word and see the promises that are ours, Lord, and by faith pursue those things. And Lord, get a hold of them for your glory. Lord, we thank you, Lord. Like Mphibicheth, Lord, these things are without human merit, Lord. He didn't earn a place at the table, but David called him to the table, Lord. We didn't earn a place at your table, Lord. You've called us to your table. We're so thankful we can sit under it and feast and rejoice, dear God. We praise your holy name, Lord. Thank you, Father, in Jesus Christ's name, I pray your richest blessings upon everyone here, those who may be watching, Lord. Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] I know I receive. I'm here for my ears. His word says it's mine. So all other fears. I call you alive. I'm here for my victory. I lift up my hand. My faith is an army. And right here I'll stand. I have authority and I'm coming for I know what I've been here and I'm here for a [Applause] [Music] fun gates of hell you won't be on the rock revelation. My faithful and all that stands before me will all end up behind me. I think everything I know, I know who I am and I know where I stand. And I have the sword of the king in my hand. Yeah. I'm here for my friend. I'm here for my son. You might think you had, but I know I have one. I'm here for my I'm here for my Lord. You might think you had it, but I'm coming for you. I am a glory and I'm not for I know what [Applause] I and I [Music] [Applause] for you on the My revelation, my [Music] faithful and all will end up behind me. [Music] I know who I am. I know who I am. And I know where I stand. And I am the soul of the king in my hand. I'm claiming my healing. I'm claiming all my healing. I'm claiming all my blessing. I'm claiming all my victory. I'm claiming all my family. I'm blaming all my family. I'm blaming all my children. I'm blaming all my victory. I'm blaming my healing. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] and all my children and all he gave me. [Applause] Yeah. And I'm here for salvation. Jesus, you say through you I'm forgi and you conquer the grave. [Music] And I'm here for my blessing. I'm here for my joy. No more. It's no more depression. It's time to rejoice because I have authority and I'm coming for what's I know what I can [Music] give and I'm here for a fire. Oh yes, I am. Gates of hell. Gates of hell. You are dreaming on the rock of revelation. My faith [Music] won't. Oh, I know that all stand for me will all end up behind me. Everything I know I am. I know who I am. And I know where I stand. And I have the king in my [Applause] head. Gates of hell. Gates of hell. You won't be there on the rock of revelation. My [Music] faithful I said all stand before me but all end up behind me I'm cla everything and I know who I am I know where I stand and I have the soul of the king in my [Music] head. Amen. Let's just um as the music music plays, let's just pray this morning, you know, and that's it's it's so true that every promise in the word of God is ours. And if there are things that are materially existent in the word of God, we don't need anyone's permission to go and possess it. Dare I say, we don't even need the Lord's permission because he already said it's here, you know, and um often times we the support we give each other is the encouragement that look just go and get it, you know. That's the that's what we offer and our prayer. If someone else is going through something and we've overcome that battle, our prayer actually can help them to possess their promise. You help me, I help you. You know, I'm thinking of sister Hannah like you for argument sake like like she has material promises that exist for her children. They just they're not negotiable, right? And and I was just sitting in the P. I was thinking, you know, wouldn't it be great if if say one once a week, just one time during the week, you all who are gods, who's a god here this morning? Who's who whose words matter and whose words have power? What you speak has power. It's not just an empty bit of vibration and air that just floats off into the atmosphere and means nothing. The words you speak by a revelation of faith in your heart have power. Like if we said to sister Hannah, Hannah, what would be the what would what would you what would be something that you want me to speak for you this week? What would it be? I'll put you on the spot, but just quiet the piano slightly. Okay, I can turn it back up. Okay. So the So she wants the salvation of all of her family. All right. Yeah. So So now cuz Satan's a bit of a slicker, he and he and he he tries to get out of things, you know, in a legal process if there's a court case that some the judge will a a a lawyer will know that his client's guilty of sin. But if the due process wasn't followed in that case and he's going to go, "Aha, we've got a way to get you out of this because they didn't present this bit of evidence properly." So we can get you out of we can get you free based on this little technicality when he knows or she knows the client is this client's wrong. That's nonsense. But Satan does that same way, you know. So the reason why I say that is because you I like to say my children I like to say their first name, their middle name, their last name just so Satan knows exactly who I'm talking about. This is who I'm talking about. I'm I'm talking about this person here. So, if I was to pray for Hannah, you I'd like to find out her children's middle names. Cuz I say, "I'm praying for Hannah, you and I'm praying for this person here. First name, middle name, last name." And this is what I want for them. Cuz then there's no doubt like, and then I know if I my prayer has power. Now, there's another scripture too that says about the, you know, the woman that always went before the king. Now, I know my prayer has power, but I'm going to come back the next week. And I'm coming back the next week and I'm coming back the next week and I don't feel like I'm pestering the Lord. Like, oh, I feel like actually I'm doing what you said. You told me come. You told me to do this. You told me to pester you. You told me to keep knocking. Then here I am. And here I am the next week and this is what I want. It's like like Ben ran up and got the lollipop. This is what I want. I'm not going to sit down there. I'm going towards it because this is what I want. And it's written here. I've got every right. I'm going in to get it. It's that simple. So maybe this week if we What's your um Who are we after? Can I do this? Is that all right? Who are we after, Sister Hannah? What's your What's What's the What's the Give her a mic. I just need a You got a pen. Can someone give her the mic? Can I do this? Is that all right? I was just sitting in my pew thinking I want to do this. I'll do it next week, but I'll do it this week. Can you remember names? Good. Write it down. Okay. Well, give me a give me your Give me your first child's name. Full name. Esther. You. No, she's all good. She's here. We don't need to We're not going to waste our energy, man. We got to This has got to be a decisive battle. We're going like she's good. Deborah U. What's her middle name? Don't have a middle name. Oh, that's easy then. Deborah U. You remember that? And she is the daughter of Hannah U. Okay. Just so it's clear who we're talking about. Okay. Sorry. I'm actually I'm from South Korea. Even though you know I got married to David U, but still I've kept my surname. Okay. So my surname is Hen. Hen. H A N. Okay, that very important. See, could have been a little slicker. Got around that. Hannah, do we say h? Hen. Hannah. Hen. Remember that? Say it. Okay. Hannah Hen. And Deborah U. Yeah. And Elizabeth. U. Elizabeth. U. No middle name. So I'm No. No middle name. You don't have middle names. That makes it easy. And they have own Korean name. Okay. What in English? No. Who does Satan know them as? The English or the Korean name? Who do we know them as? We know them as the English name. I think we're good. Yeah. Elizabeth, you, Hannah, I mean Deborah, you and the daughters of Hannah Han. Thank you. Now she she wants on the basis of the word of God, she wants those children to be their hearts to be fully surrendered to the Lord Jesus and to be serving him 100% and their allegiances and their life and their soul over to him nowhere else. What? Yep. Yep. And what David have no middle name for David? So that's David. You the the what's that saying? The bigger they are, the harder they fall. I'm not talking about David. I'm talking about the enemy that thinks he's got him. The bigger they are, the harder they fall. Okay. Now, we also want him to come to a full revelation of the truth of the word of God and surrender his life 100% to the word of God. And any enemy that is binding his mind in any way, we want that broken. Amen. Amen. Now, when we speak that every if you want to do it every day, you can. But I if you if you'll commit to once a week, that's a lot of that's a lot of prayers. And they're focused. They're not just Lord, save the world. No, because we can go in faith because we know Sister Hannah and I I think I can keep saying this because I don't believe there's anything hindering it. That's what I'm saying. You know, I don't I wouldn't just jump up and some a complete stranger. Let's just all pray this for that person. We don't know what. But I don't believe that's in this situation. I believe this is just something we're going to possess. And I'd like you all to use your faith this week and every week until we get this. We're not going to rest till we get this. We're not We're in this for the long term. If it's a day, if it's a week, if it's a year, if it's months, if it's We don't care. We're in this for the long haul. We're not giving up. We're getting this end of story. [Music] Period. Not we're not relenting. We're not going to think well no. Every day we speak, we pray, we move forward. That's it. Every time we pray, it gets a little bit closer. It's just it's pulling it into there. It's things are happening when you profess it, when you claim it. And you can even speak it if you'd like to. You don't even need to pray in Jesus' name. I'm probably going on. But you are sons and daughters of God. You can actually speak it. I want this for [Music] her. I'm just saying. Is that all right to say that? But I would suggest you can pray in Jesus' name. But I'm saying don't doubt who you are because you are Mrs. Jesus Christ anyway. Are you not? Yes. That is who you are. We have authority. We don't just have to sit back and say, "Oh, well, we have authority." And and I I just Yeah, I've won this battle before. So, I know it's it's probably why I'm speaking of it because I know it's overcomeable. I know you can win. That's why I want to It's why maybe it feels something to me cuz I know that we can win this one. It's like I fought this giant. I've slain this one, man. This one's doable. This giant's this is defeatable. You know, sorry to take up some of your time there, but I just would you get Would you do that for Sister Hannah? Can we do that for her? And can we do it once a week, everybody? Just once a week. Speak it. And we're going to We're dealing with this one. Sister Hannah. We're dealing with it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just pray. Hannah, come at the front. Let's just pray for Sister Hannah and Sister Elizabeth. Is that all right? Can we just do that? This means something to her. This is like this is life. This is what they This is important to her. Brother Andy, come up. You come up and pray, Brother Andy. [Music] And just I just want people to hear the prayer so you can enter in and believe. Pink one. [Music] Oh, amen. Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, in the name of Jesus, Lord, we feel your presence in the house. We feel, Lord Jesus, this is your perfect will, Lord. Father, Lord, we're fighting for our people, Lord. We're together in this, Lord. Father, we're standing with our precious sister and our precious brother, David, Lord. Father Hannah, David, you. Hallelujah. Esther, you. Deborah, you. Hallelujah. Elizabeth, you. Lord, we lift them before you, Lord. We speak their names. We want full salvation for the whole family. Let every demon power that is standing against Lord Hannah Han's wishes be broken in the name of Jesus Christ. Your blood speaks freedom this morning, this afternoon. Your blood says they are free. Hallelujah. There is nothing Lord too hard father for you. Let your promises be realized now Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. We lift up the Lord the you family into your presence Lord. We bring them, Father, Lord, to the throne of grace, Lord. And we pray, Father, that you would allow an expression of divine grace, Lord. Unmmerited favor, Lord Jesus, to be upon the you family, the Han family, Lord Jesus, Father. And I pray, Lord, that as Hannah delights herself in you, grant her the desire of her heart. And Lord, may you bring a reminder to each one of us, Lord, that we're batting for them, Lord. We're fighting for them, Lord. We're together in this, Lord. for without her family, we're not going nowhere, Lord Jesus, because they're part of this family in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, we thank you, Lord. We know that Lord Hannah has battled through many, many years, many years, Father. She's fought for this. She stood for this, Lord. And Father, maybe we haven't, Lord, remembered it all the time, Lord. But now we will, Lord. We're here, Lord Jesus, with her, Lord. We are, Lord Jesus. Father, your wife, the bride of Jesus, Father, and Lord will stand. Let us speak, Lord, for the word is near us, even in our mouths, Lord. Let us speak the word with boldness. Let us speak the word with love. Let your love, Father, come and drive out any fear, Lord, and reneutralize any of the enemy's plans for Father, Lord. We know that the enemy has plotted lies against Hannah. The enem is plotted lies against David. Plotted lies against Deborah. Plotted lies against all Lord, all the family, Lord. Elizabeth, even Lord, who may be in here. Hannah may be in here, Lord. They're fighting, Lord. They're battling, Father. But Lord Jesus, we have overcome, Lord. For even our faith is the victory that overcomes this world. And Jesus says, "Fear not, for I have overcome the world." Don't be troubled in your heart. I've prepared a place for you. I've prepared a place for your family. I've prepared a place for David. I prepared a place for Esther. I prepared a place, Father, for for all of the girls. Oh, Deborah and Elizabeth. Lord, there's a place prepared. There's a seat. Oh, come to the table. Feast at the table of the Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, there's a seat with their names on it. Hallelujah. We believe it, Lord. Enter in now and let us walk. Let us fight. Oh, we commit the you family to you, Lord. Surround them with faith. Surround them with an atmosphere of belief and truth. And Father, may we enter in together, Lord. We believe for them, Lord. We're believing, Lord. Let every part of this family, let the family circle be unbroken in the name of Jesus Christ. And Lord, let every family circle in this building. Let every family circle be unbroken. Let every prodigal come home. We believe it, Lord. We're fighting for each other. We're fighting, Lord Jesus. We bat for each other, Lord. We're here for each other. That is your love, Lord, that we have for each other, Lord. And we thank you. We commit these things to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Glory. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. God bless you. I felt the inspiration there when brother Andy prayed. There is a seat at the table for them. Like when you realize that, you're like, "Well, hang on. It's not going to be empty. There are no empty seats. No empty seats there. There's a seat there with their name on it. We can rejoice now, Sister Hannah. We're good. It's all good. We're good. Amen. Amen. Let's just um I'll just pray and just close the service in prayer. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, that we can come to you, Lord, and you gave us all things this morning, Lord. I mean that's we just thank you Lord that we are alive that we have the ability to have faith in you and to walk forward in your name Lord Jesus. I just pray you bless each one this morning Lord bless us as we go our way. May we may we just refresh our spirits in the Holy Ghost daily Lord so we can continue to fight the good fight of faith. We we know that in us, Lord, in our carnal nature, there is no desire to press forward by faith, Lord. But when we feed upon your spirit, when your spirit is burning in us, Lord, there's there's a there's an a a it seems so effortless to push forward in you, Lord, because there's a power in the Holy Ghost that's dwelling in us that just moves forward, Lord. It knows no way but forward, Lord. It was the same power that inspired Caleb, Lord, and Joshua to move forward, Lord. It was the same power that's inspired every saint all through the ages to move forward, Lord. and and we know it's not our works, Lord, but it's surrendering to you and letting your spirit come and dwell in us richly, Lord, that we could move forward by faith each and every day. So, I just pray you'll continue to refresh each one with the Holy Ghost. May they be diligent in their prayer time with you to to not walk in the in the flesh, Lord, but walk in the spirit each day so that we could walk and possess all that you have for us. Lord, thank you for the word this morning. Thank you for a pastor, Lord, that preaches faith, Lord, that preaches an entrance into the kingdom of God. Lord, that doesn't come here and preach doubt and preach just failure, but he preaches victory and faith, Lord, because we know that comes from you, Lord Jesus. So, we just want to commit each one to your hands this morning in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this morning. You're dismissed in Jesus' name. Let's sing um I know it's a little bit fast. Let's sing Come and Dine. I was just thinking about the table. No, no, let's sing. Actually, let's sing that table song that they sing in Sunday school. What? I was like, "Oh, can we do comment?" No, no, no. I'm so glad you got that. We'll do this. We'll do the other. We got plenty of time. Well, you you're dismissed in Jesus name, but you can you can stay if you want. Shall I shall I just change it? Actually, we'll do the other one. Do you know it's not Some people are too prideful to change. You know, they make a decision. They But humans, we have to admit we're fallible. You know, we think one thing one day and then we learn something that night, then we change our mind the next day. Nothing wrong with that. It's called growth. Hey, the Lord the Lord thinks something one day and the next day it's exactly the same. So, he never makes mistakes, but we do. Let's go higher. A Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fit. He invites his chosen people. Come and die. With his man he doth and supplies our every need. Wo it sweets us up with Jesus all the time. W come and die. Come and die. The master calling come and die. You may feast at Jesus able all the time. For he who feed them of the Jews turned the water into one till the hungry call it now come and die. The disciples came to land thus obeying Christ command for the master called to them come and die. There they found their heart's desire bread and fish upon the fire. Was he satisfies the hungry every time? Come and I must call it come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into what to the hungry call it now. Come and die. Soon the lamb will take his pride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble me. Or will be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless white and with Jesus they will feast eternally. Well, come and dine. Come and dine. The master call it come and dine. He made feasts at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine to the hungry call it now say come and dine won't come and dine. Come and dine. The lost calling come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. For he who fed the multitude turn the water into wine to the heart we call it now. Come and come and die. Come and die. The master call it come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine till the hungry call it down coming down. [Applause]
