################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-01-05 - 0501-25 - Sunday Morning - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-01-05
Title:   0501-25 - Sunday Morning - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsOb7vnueYg
========================================

[Music] If we're in Switzerland, we say Amos. and Melanie. Good to see you. Good to see the family here. Brother Phil, good to see you, bro. And brother um the brother Andy the Cliffords. Do I see any new anymore? I don't usually welcome the new faces, [Music] but that's it. How are you this morning? You good? Ready to ready to worship the Lord? Feeling good? Feeling like refreshed? Feeling Feeling like you're ready to give your all this morning? Amen. Amen. You know, I was um you know, I just had this picture. There's a saying, you would have heard it, that when the cats away, the mice come out to play. You know, it's like when something dominant leaves, then all these little pesky things come around and try and play around where they shouldn't actually be. It's just that this more dominant thing isn't there to kind of chase these little mice away. you know, the cat's not there. Often times it's like that in our life. You know, we sometimes it seems like the Lord's not left us, but you know, he kind of isn't at a certain place and then these little these little things come and try and mess in our life. You know, they just come and they hang around where they shouldn't be. You know, we start to get troubles and little things in areas of our life where they where they shouldn't be. These little pesky little let's call them in this case, let's call them hyenas. you know, they just come around to try and mess around. But, you know, it's a powerful thing when the, you know, when the lion of the tribe of Judah, you know, there's a point in time where he awakes, you know, and he he wanders over to where he to to his territory that's maybe being messed around with, you know, where these things are in our life and he just comes over and, you know, the minute he arrives, everything that's there is scared. you're scared because you know he's really the king of the jungle and all these little things that are there. You know, if you've got anything in your life this morning like that, let's just call the lion of the tribe of Judah to that place in our life to walk in. The minute he arrives, the moment every one of those creatures are scared cuz they know in their heart who the king of the jungle is. And that's why we come here this morning to actually say, "Lord, come into every area of my life. Lord, if there's that that little place where these things are plaguing me, go there, Lord. All you need to do is go there the moment you arrive there. These things start to go. So, let's invite the the the the lion of the tribe of Judah here this morning to to let's stand and just just we believe God's going to move in a powerful way this morning. I believe he's going to meet us in a powerful way. I can already feel his atmosphere here. So, Lord, we just Lord want to invite you here, Lord, to our midst this morning. Lord, we know that where wherever you come, Lord, there's a difference made, Lord, it's not just a normal event. Things don't stay the same when you arrive, Lord. Lord, you've got so much dominance, so much power, Lord, you command so much fear, so much respect. Lord, so much authority, Lord Jesus, that anywhere that you go, Lord, things change. Things don't remain the same, Lord. when when you walk into a place, Lord God, cuz you, Lord, you're the all powerful, almighty king, Lord God. Lord, you're the ruler, Lord. Lord, and we just pray, Lord, that you'd go to every place in our life this morning, Lord, that needs dominion, Lord. If there's a place in our life that's overrun by anything, Lord, we pray that the King would come in and take dominion there, Lord God. Lord, that the all powerful almighty king would come in and take dominion, Lord. So we invite you into our midst this morning, Lord. Take dominion of this place this morning. Lord, make all the demons scatter, Lord God. All these things that would try and plague us, make them scatter this morning, Lord God, as the king comes in, Lord Jesus. We just commit the service to you. Bless the song service, Lord, and bless um bless the word this morning, we pray, Lord, as we just commit ourselves to you in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're in for a good time this morning. Okay, let's change it. Let's do lift up your heads you [Music] gates. Lift up your heads, oh ye gates. Swing wide your ears everlasting doors. Lift up your heads, oh ye gates. Swing wide your ears that the King of glory may come in. That the king of glory may come in. Let the king of glory may come in. Let the king of glory may come. That the king of glory may come in up from he through every rank of heavenly power. Let him prepare the highest place. So why the king live a lasting course that the king that the king of glory may come in that the king of glory may come in that the king of glory may come in that the king of glory may come with trump shouts adore heaven rings the risen King with angels wise come line the way. Throw wide the gates and welcome him. That the king of glory may come in. That the king of glory may come in. That the king of glory may come in. That the king of glory may one more time. That the king That the King of glory may come in. That the King of glory may come in. That the King of glory may come in. That the King of glory may come in. Amen. My guitar going. Oh, burden's now a lighter. Brighter is my way. It is such a joy to walk with it. When this history is over, I set my feet on. Eternity, oh joy will just begin. Oh, glory. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord today. I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to save from harm and danger, I will be. Oh, my Jesus saved me. Wash my sins away. Toss him in the bottom of the sea. Picked me up and he turned me round. Set my feet on higher ground. Now I'm walking happy, glad, and free. Oh glory. Oh glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord today. I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him was safe from harm and anger I will be. When my Jesus when my Jesus saved me, wash my sins away. He cast him in the botm of the sea. Oh, and he picked me up and he turned me around. Set my feet on higher ground. Now I'm walking happy, glad, and free. Oh, glory. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Today I know I'm free. [Applause] He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harm and danger, I will be. Oh, glory. Oh, glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Today I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harmon. Oh glory. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord today. I know I'm [Music] free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harm and danger, I will be. Oh glory, oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord today. I know I'm free because he is with me. And if I stay close to him, safe from harm and danger, I will be. Amen. When he arrives. Amen. Let's do E. Oh, this song is courtesy of our brother Jeremy. Oh, this train is bound for glory. This train, this train is bound for glory. The strength is taking our nav. The straight is bound. Is bound. We can do it. We'll do it again. This train is bound for glory. This train. What? This train is bound for glory. This train. This train is bound for glory. Taking our number to save and holy. This straight is bound for one more time. This train is bound for this train. This train is bound for glory. This train for this train is bound for glory. Taking on none but the savior glory. This train is bound for glory. This train where this train may be leaving in the morning. This train where this train may be leaving in the morning. This train where the train may be leaving in the morning. Glory to God. I will soon be the train leaving in the morning. This train where the train may be leaving in the morning. This train where the train may be leaving in the morning. This train where the train may be leaving in the morning. Glory to God. I'm soon going be leaving in the morning. This train where the train can carry my mother this train. Will it train to carry my mother this [Music] train? Will it train to carry my mother and my mother and my father and my sister and my brother this train to carry my mother this train. Oh, I said it's strange to carry my mother this [Music] train to carry my mother this train to carry my mother. My mother, my brother, my sister, my brother. This train can't carry my mother. The train where the train is [Music] train. This train is a clean train reserved for those who carry his name. This train is a clean train. This train where the straight is a clean train. This train, this train is a clean train. This train, this train is a clean trainer for those who carry his name. This train is a clean train. This train where this train is filled with glory. This train Oh, this train is filled with glory. This train where this train is filled with glory to it glory. This train is filled with glory. This [Music] train is filled with glory. This train Yeah. This train is filled with glory. This train this train is filled with glory. will be restored to resurrection. Glory the strength is filled with glory. One more song we do that one. For this train is filled with glory. This train is this train is filled with glory. This train this train is filled with glory. Fully restored to its original glory. is filled with glory and strength. [Music] Amen. Well, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my Lord. Oh, won't you open the eyes of my heart? I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. See you high. See you high. Lifted up. See you shining in the light of your glory. Lord, you pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, [Music] holy. Oh, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Yes, I do. I want to see you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see see you high. To see you high, lifted up. See you shining in the light of your glory. Won't you pour out your power and love as we sing holy holy see you high and lifted up. See you shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, [Applause] [Music] holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Holy, holy, holy, holy, [Music] holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, oh, holy, holy, holy. Holy, holy, holy. I want to see, see you high. See you high, lifted up. See you shining in the light of your glory. Won't you pour out your power and love? We sing holy. See you high lifted, high liifted up. See you shining in the light of your glory. Won't you pour out your power and love we sing holy see you high lift it up see you shining in the light of your glory you pour out your power and love we sing holy holy See you high, high and lifted up. See you shineing in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, I want to see you. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can um take your seats this morning. Amen. We've got a special from the um precious jar children. You know, I've really enjoyed their children being here. They've got such a zeal for the Lord, you know, and and it's it's actually been a it's been a real encouragement to see them come up for prayer and just be entering in, giving items, stealing the show. And I could have kept going there. I could have just kept going on and on and on. There was such a powerful atmosphere. Amen. Should have saved that song till after the after this. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's stand this morning and just worship the Lord with a few songs before um Brother Ben comes up this morning. [Music] [Music] We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord we cast down our idol. to give us clean hands. [Music] Let us not lift our souls to another. So give us clean hands and give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. We bow. We bow our hearts. We bend our knee. Oh spirit come make us humble. [Music] We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols to give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to one another. So give us clean hands and give us pure heart. Let us not lift our souls to us. Give us clean hands. Give us your heart. Oh. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us hands. Oh Lord, give us your heart. Let us not lift our souls to another. And oh God, let us be a generation that seeks to seek your face. Oh God of change. Oh God, let us be a generation that seeks that seeks your face. Oh God. Oh God, let us be. God, let us be a generation that seeks to see your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us be a generation that see your face. Oh God of Jacob and give us pure holiness. Give us pure heart. [Music] Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us good hands. Give us pure hearts, oh Lord. Let us not lift our souls to another. And give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let [Music] us. You might not have all your dreamed, all the things you thought would be the year to take them to somewhere that you can't see. There may have been roads you had to go down that you didn't want to go. There may be things that to let go. Oh, but if you got Jesus, you got all you need. If you got Jesus, you got all you need. Cuz he's the way over it. He's the way under it. He's the way through it all. He's the way out of here. If you got Jesus, you got all you need. Cuz he'll be the light in your darkness. He's the anchor in your stor. He's the comfort in all your hardship. He's the right when it's all wrong. He's the way when you don't have a way. He's the healer from your pain. He's freedom from every chain all through the mouth of his name. You got Jesus. You got all you need. If you got [Music] Jesus, you got all you need, all you see. He's the way over it. He's the way under it. He's the way through it all. He's the way out of me. If you got Jesus, you got all you need. because he will stand before you and you will stand free. If you got Jesus, you got all you need because he will stand before you and you will stand complete. Oh, if you got [Music] Jesus, you got all you need. If you got Jesus, oh, you got all you need. Cuz he's the way over it. He's the way under it. He's the way through it all. He's the way out of here. If you got [Music] Jesus, you've got all you need. If you've got Jesus, you've got all you need. If you got Jesus, you got all you need. Cuz he's the way over it. He's the way under it. He's the way through it all. He's the way out of here. If you've got Jesus, you've got all you need. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. You got all you need. Hallelujah. Thanks, brother Isaac. Thanks, musicians. Amen. Praise the Lord this morning. God bless you. Amen. It's great to have more family here. Mos Melanie, God bless you. Praise the Lord. Welcome. Amen. They came down all this way just to see us. So, we're blessed today to have them here. Amen. Praise the Lord. Gra and Sarah, God bless you. Amen. Welcome. I know you're here Wednesday, but hey, praise the Lord. Great to have you again. Amen. Amen. Good to have everyone else. Praise the Lord. Trust you all had a good holiday. Amen. Let's go to the book of Ephesians. Uh today we're going to read just three, well, four verses if I can count. And then we're going to go to Romans 8 and uh 28 down to 31. Amen. So, we don't have any notices, just one rather. So, after lunch or this afternoon sometime, we're going to set up the band and with our system and see how that goes. Amen. So, we're excited to see that be put back in place. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Amen. So, Ephesians 1 and3. Amen. Says we're all there. Praise the Lord. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. I tell you what friends you feel down just read those few verses you won't feel sad after you read that a few times. Amen. Praise the Lord. Then we're going to go to Romans 8 and 28 down to uh verse 31. Amen. Says here, "And we know all things work together for good to them that love God and to them who are who are the called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called. And whom he called, them he also justified. And whom he justified, them he also glorified. What shall we say then to these things? If God before us, who can be against us? Hallelujah. Amen. Let's pray together this morning. Praise the Lord. Gracious father. Hallelujah. Lord, we thank you for your word. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you. We can bow our heads and say thank you, Jesus, for all you've done and all you're doing. Lord, we praise your holy name this day. We thank you, Lord. We're not alone, Lord, in this place. Father, already we already know your great presence is here among us, Lord. Father, because you said in your word, where two or three gathered in my name, there you are in the midst, Lord. So, we're so thankful we can take you at your word and we can say you are here. Father, we pray, Lord, that you would supercharge our faith, Lord. Raise us into heavenly places like never before. Father, may every demon spirit be bound in the name of Jesus Christ and may you have preeminence every life. Father, may we all place you in the highest place, dear God. We thank you, Father, for your unfailing power of your blood. We thank you, Lord, you're here. We pray you'd touch each life, be it those who are watching as well by the way of the internet, Lord. Heal those who are sick in body and in spirit. Lord, in Jesus Christ's name, we thank you. Amen. Amen. God bless you friends. You can have your seats this morning. So, I want to talk about position power because of position uh today. So as we read there we just want to get this out of uh uh you know just put it let let's just start with this God has adopted he has predestinated us to the adoption or placing of children amen by Jesus Christ to himself that's what adoption means it means a placing of a child in the family right so he has predestinated us to do uh to to become that according to the good pleasure of his will so it's not that anything we have done or what even we want as the Bible says it's not him that welleth or runth but god but to God that shows mercy. Right? So that's the main thing. Now I just want to go through a couple of things today about about position because but I want to start off first with the fact that we are all uh kings and priests to our God. Right? So we all we all have a position of authority and power uh over over every enemy. Now, I just want to um as as uh let's just go here for a second. Now, we are now seated with him with power and authority over every devil. Oh, if you could only believe what God has given. But if you're not seated there, you don't have it. And if you're seated there and don't believe it and afraid to move, you'll never use it. But if you're seated there, you will use it at for you're ordained to do what you do. Amen. So God has placed us with authority. Now, how do you get to that position? You receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And because you're his child, you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Right? So it's nothing that we do. It's what God has done for us. But by him dwelling in us, he gives us power and authority over every devil. Okay? So the position we're in is not a position of of weakness. It's a position of strength, right? It's a position of prevailing power. Now, the thing is, it's not who we are. It's where we are that matters and him, right? Like you look at this is not a very updated photo. We know there's Biden, you know, Trump and Biden that should be in this lineup, but this is the most, you know, this is uh uh this is all the US presidents from Theodore Roosevelt now down to Barack Obama right now. All of them have different personalities. All of them have different backgrounds. All of them have different parents. All of them have different probably levels of education, different experiences. But what ma but but what gave them the authority of being president is because they got placed in the position of president right and they got placed there not by sure they wanted to become president but it was a higher authority that placed them in that position. It wasn't their own ability alone that made them president. See these these men were not dictators. They weren't kings that had supreme authority but a greater authority to them placed them as a president. Right? So the Constitution of America and the voting system they have, whatever you say about it, that's not important right now. But what I want to say is that the the Constitution of America and their voting system placed these men in to become president. Before they were president, their words did not have much weight. It was just opinion at best. After they president, the same thing. Their words had a had a bit of weight, but really just opinion, but did not have the authority that it had when they were in office. Right now, as the bride of Jesus Christ, we're not elected, then voted out. Right? If God places us in, we stay in. Right? But you got to realize that because of our position in Christ, our words have great power. I mean, our words have great authority. Amen. When it's him speaking through you, because of your position, your words have great power. Brother said that a man filled with the Holy Ghost, amen, when he speaks, it's not him speaking, but deity speaking, every mountain has to move. Nothing can stand before that man. Now, if they speak according to uh uh what their nation is is is is wanting to project, I'd say then they really have authority. And we know when we pray, it's not our selfish ambition that we're praying. It's God's desire and ambition. So these men, they all came from different backgrounds, but they had power when they were placed in their position as president. I'll say the same thing with you and I friends. It doesn't matter our background. It's the fact that we're elected to be the bride of Jesus Christ. That's the thing that matters. Amen. But now there is a but we but we got to understand that that that our position is not one of lordship over each other. as even as John I mean sorry Jesus would be asked by the mother of James and John the sons of Zebedee. You know um she came to she came to um she came to Jesus and asked you know can my can my sons sit on your left and right hand and Jesus would ask them saying do you know what you know do you know what uh baptism you know uh can you drink the cup that I've received and can you be baptized with the baptism that I'm baptized with? They said yes we can. Jesus said unto them, "Ye shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of, and with the baptism I'm baptized, with all shall you be baptized." But he said, "But to sit on my right and left hand is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them whom it is prepared." Now, Brother Bram says that this position was not in existence at that time. It's for the overcomer. There's a pre but but that but but that position of authority is given to those who it's been prepared for, which is you and I, right? But then but then the the 10 heard that they be to be displeased with James and John. But Jesus called to them and said to them, "Ye know uh ye know that they which be accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them and their great ones um exercise authority over them, but it not but it shall not be among you." So this is a different kind of a leadership, different kind of authority, different kind of dominion that you're going to have. You're not going to be like these gentile kings that just give whims of um decrees and you know all these things. But no, because it says but but whosoever shall be great among you shall be your minister. Right now you got to realize that the positions we're placed in is a position of really humility. Amen. It's not a it's not a law because if someone thinks that they are better than the sinner on the street because they're the bride of Jesus Christ, I'll tell you one thing, they haven't come to that position yet. God don't make stuff shirts that they think they're everything. Oh, that person is just not that you know people's opinion that person is just not it. They're not going to get nowhere. That person hasn't been seated in heavenly places yet if they've got that opinion. Right? Because we've come to minister. We haven't come to be ministered to. We've come to minister. Right? We've come to give our lives. Serve one another. Serve Amen. wherever we are. And whosoever you shall be the chiefest, let him be the servant of all. And even the son of man came not to be ministered unto but to minister and to give his life for a ransom for many. Now I just want to go back to this. What good would it be if these men were in uh as president but didn't use the office of president. What a waste of four years right? If they were elected but they didn't use a single they didn't do a single thing to help their country go forward. You know they had they had a desire in their heart. I want to I want to make my country go forward. Right? Because they had a they were they were placed in that position because they but you see and it's the same thing with you and I friends. We're not here just to be idle for the kingdom of God. I'm not now I'm not even talking about evangelism. I'm talking about our home life. What kind of environment are we because a son or or a son or daughter of God that's placed in the body has a job to do. Right? Even as Adam and Eve they are placed in the garden and God told them have dominion, subdue, you know, take over. So, so we in our in our positions have been given a mandate. Subdue, take dominion, further it, don't let chaos because we know that that you know there's never a void. Especially when God has levels of leadership and headship and different things, there's something that will, you know, a void is always filled by something. And when I go and talk about, you know, uh, fathers, I mean, yeah, fathers and mothers and all the, you know, sometimes none of us, maybe some of us never had a father or a mother, right? We all come from different backgrounds. You say, "Well, then am I at a disadvantage?" Not necessarily if you let God fill that void, right? If you let God fill that vacuum, you're not a disadvantage because he wants to be your father. He wants to be your mother. He wants to be your brother. He wants to be your friend. He wants to be your counselor. Don't let the devil be your counselor. Don't let hashtag trending whatever death scrolling, doom scrolling be your counselor and your comfort. Let him be your comfort. Right? So, so we got to realize we can't because voids are always filled when it comes to leadership and headship because you know we're placed in a power of position. So now we take for example one here. This is I got a few pictures to show just to keep the children engaged. This is Ahab. Ahab's just uh gone down. He seen Neabboth's vineyard, which he would he would look over from his palace cuz the his uh Neabboth's vineyard was hard against his palace wall and he'd look at it. Then he just came to a decision one day. I want this. I want this uh I want his vineyard. Now, Ahab was in the office of a king, but he wasn't exercising what God says a king should be. He wasn't like David at all. He was the polar opposite of David, a man after God's own heart. And so Ahab went to Nabboth and said, "Nabboth, I want to buy your vineyard. I want to turn it to a garden of herbs, and I'll give you even a better vineyard." So, so Ahab actually had a better vineyard than Nabboth's vineyard. He just wanted it cuz it was there. He wanted to turn it into a garden of herbs. This is in 2 Kings 21. But then what happened is is Nabboth because because a true son or daughter of God in their position will never go against the word of God. So Nabboth was in his position saying, "I can't sell you this because it's got to remain in my family according to the word." Right? And then so Nabboth Nabboth said this to the king. And and the king, what did he do? He threw a pity party. It says here in verse three here, and Nabboth said to Ahab, "The Lord forbidth me that I give you the inheritance of my father unto thee." And Ahab came into his house heavy and displeased because the word which Nabboth the Jezraelite had spoken to him. Fred said, "I will not give thee the inheritance of my father's." And he laid down upon his bed and turned his face and would not eat no bread. So he's sulking. He's got he's he's having an adult temper tantrum because he's in the office of a king, but he's not he doesn't have the character to fill that office. Right? So So now because he's in this condition, there's a void. because he's not there actually ruling. He's just he's just basically a puppet now because of his own failures of a of a of a man. We should never we should never throw a tantrum because we don't get things our way, young and old, right? He threw a big, you know, he's the king of Israel or whatever and he's throwing a tantrum because he can't have this vineyard here. So then what happens is now there's a void that's in his a void in his life. And so Jezebel who's really because he's not the leader of course there's a void. So what fills the void? Jezebel fills the void. Dominating female fills the void. And then so what happens is she says well I'll write letters in in in your name and I'll get you the vineyard. Now isn't it interesting when you when you hear people speak when you hear maybe even sisters or wives speak and they'll quote their their their husband's name. Oh, he says this and he thinks this and he should, you know, he says this, but he doesn't say a peep. What is that? That's a dominating female using the her father uh her husband's name for authority just like Jezebel did. I say that husband's not in his position, but neither is she. You see? So, so there are positions, but those positions will always be filled by something. Amen. So, we don't want to be an Ahab. Amen. Do you know the reason why there's so many woman preachers in this age? Because the word does not have authority there. Brother Bam gives an account of a of a of a woman. She was a woman preacher. But then but then when when her and her husband came to the message, that gift went on the husband and he began to preach. There's a void. The word is not in those places. So it actually causes, you know, women who shouldn't be preaching to preach because they're not in their position because the word is not there in its position. If the word was in Ahab's kingdom properly, it wasn't the Baal, but it was actually God was there. The word was there. It wouldn't be Jezebel exercising authority. Actually, when Nabbal said, "I can't give it to you." Ahab wouldn't have been sulking. He would have said, "Praise the Lord." That's true. Because the word rules this kingdom, not what I want, not what they want, but what God wants. Amen. So we must always always remember that there are voids can be there but what do you let fill it? Amen. Praise the Lord. Now as I said that we are we are living stones. We are we we all have a holy priesthood. This is men and women. So I'm going to probably diverge between the both and bring them back together and diverge the both. Okay? Because as a husband, I can't be a wife naturally speaking. I know that's pretty obvious to all of us here. Neither neither can my wife be a husband, right? We have two distinct roles, right? But yet we have supreme power over hell individually because we are part of the bride of Jesus Christ, right? So we all have we we all have him. He should be under our feet. Amen. You say, "Well, I'm I'm nothing in the body of Christ." Well, I'll tell you this. If you're the little if you're the skin on the bottom of the little toe of the body of Christ, you're still on the head of the devil. Amen. You still have power over him. Amen. If you are the little, you say, "I'm nothing." But if you're part of the body, you're still on his head. Right? So, you got to realize this. So we are we are built up as a spiritual house a royal priesthood accepting up spiritual I mean to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. Amen. As as as Peter would continue saying that but ye are a chosen generation a royal priesthood a holy nation a peculiar people. Amen. What so what does a royal what does a priest do? It it it it contacts God right? It brings communion with God. Amen. If there was ever a time that this world needs Jesus Christ is right now. Amen. Well, where is he going to flow through? Through his word in his body. Amen. God needs your hands, your feet, your mouth. Amen. Never let the devil think that you are not effective against him or your problems too big. But there comes a time when when when the sons and daughters of God break the strangle hold of the devil. Amen. Amen. Amen. We got to realize that it's the blood of Jesus Christ puts us in condition of fellowship. Amen. John said, "God is able for these rocks to raise up children unto Abraham." God, how we thank you that we can speak to you. We are so thankful uh to be on speaking terms. The blood of Jesus Christ puts us in this condition. Amen. I pray, Father, you forgive every sin of the people in here. Take uh take us all together tonight. Father, forgive our sins, heal our sickness. May the Lord God of heaven show forth his power and his glory upon amen this people. Amen. So you got to realize doesn't matter how you feel. His blood puts you in speaking terms with him. Mean because you're you're a royal priesthood. Amen. You're built to contact God. God to contact you and God to speak through your life. We're not here we are not here just to take up time. We're here to to now I just want to drop back to this because many people misunderstand adoption in terms of the power of a position. Many people think well ministry and different things but no you can be as brother would say the church positionally before the foundation of the world when God and his labor pain was bringing forth bringing forth you knowing what you would do he positionally placed you into his own body to be a housewife. Amen. if you're a housewife and and that's even a sister who works as a housewife by the way right but that is an adopted position in the body of Christ we I think we make things too complex or too lofty because many times people think well when I'm placed in my position in the body then I'll have prevailing power then I'll really do something no but your everyday life who you are amen as a housewife to be a farmer to be a preacher to be a prophet or to be this or that. He placed you positionally. Amen. So now if you're if you're in your position, why don't you use that position? Why don't you let God why don't you let your faith go into action? Amen. Where it's more than just idle empty talk, but a reality of God begins to come into your home. I mean, because of the position he's placed you in, not because of who you are. Like you like I said about the presidents, you know, they all had different personalities. It didn't matter who they were the officer in mattered. And that's the same thing with you. The devil wants you to look at yourself. You need to look at your position in Christ. Say, "God, you've placed me in your body. I'm part of you. By your word, by your supreme grace, you've made me part of you, Lord. I'm in this office. You've elected me, Lord. I'm going to stand in this position, and I'm going to exercise the God-given authority you've given me." And the church says, "Amen." Hallelujah. This is, see, see, many times we get intimidated. Oh, can I do it? Well, God's made you to do it. God's made you to believe his word. That's really Do you believe his word this morning? Do you believe his word? Well, then you are positionally placed. If I can make me, well, that's too simple. No, take him at his word. It's not a feeling. It's not how I feel. They would have woken up. Some days I feel like a president. Some days I'd have woken up middle of a crisis. Lord, help me. if they're praying people. I don't know, you know, but you know, it's like I've said, you know, like I asked my well, I've never asked him the question, but you know, like myself, people ask me, well, no, no one's asked me, but what does it feel like to be a glowin? Like the devil wants you to have a certain, he says, you don't feel like a Christian today. Who's had that feeling? Brother Bram says there's days when he doesn't even feel like he was saved. Didn't change him from being a prophet messenger to the age of a son of God, right? It's like, so the devil wants you to go by a feeling. It's like, you could ask me, what does it feel like to be a Gloian? I don't know. Sometimes I feel like this. Sometimes I feel up. Sometimes I feel down. Sometimes I feel happy, sad. I feel all kind of feelings. It doesn't change who I am. How about you today? How about your feelings? Do you go by I'm a Christian cuz I feel a certain way. I need to a certain mindset and I'm good. No, you don't know. Just like these guys, troubled, not troubled, at peace, trouble, whatever, didn't matter. They're still president. Amen. Same thing with you and I, friends. We are the sons and daughters of God. You've got to believe what God says about you and then begin to exercise your God-given authority. Amen. Brother Brandon says, "In perfect faith." Now, the only thing you have to do then is have faith in what you are. Have faith in what the word says you are. You see, as God has placed us, let's just keep reading this. And Jesus had faith in the word that said what he was. It's written of me. Didn't David and the Psalms and the prophets and all them speak of him? I am the bread of life that came from God out of heaven. Amen. I am the tree of life from the garden of Eden. I am all these things. I am that I am. He knew uh what uh uh with that perfect faith that he was the anointed Messiah, that the spirit of God was upon him. He said, "Now I in myself do nothing, but it's my faith in God, and God was in him, and the uh the word made manifest, and when the word of God comes in you, it's made manifest. And you are a believer." See, a believer is the faith of God that moves in you. So, you got to have faith in what God says you are. We're going to start believing what God's made us to be. That's right. Already, like the Bible says, now we are the sons of God. Oh, one day, one day when the squeeze, no, we are right now. There's already a squeeze coming on, right? We've already been conditioned to overcome in this season. Praise the Lord. Amen. So now, as I said, now we've got to put our faith into our faith into action. I'm just going to go through a couple of couple of ones here. David was an he was an anointed king of Israel as a shepherd boy, right? He was anointed as a shepherd boy because in him was kingship, right? in him was kingship. Now, there's something about when a man gets anointed by the spirit of God. There's something happens that real manhood can only come when the spirit of God fills your life. I mean, remember this is an age where manhood has been broken. Not just womanhood, manhood's been broken. Amen. Where it's turned into a generation of people just doom scrolling, playing games, wanting to escape into something. The thing we should escape into is the revelation of Jesus Christ. I mean, that's the thing we should escape into. Amen. When you get so troubled in life, just escape. Your escapism should be the word of God. Amen. Because that will give you the solution. That will give you your help that you need. Amen. But you see what happens is an anointed son of God in his office does not put up with a stalemate. There was a stalemate for 40 days. Imagine 40 days of this giant that wasn't actually that big. We all remember camp, don't we? Right. He wasn't actually that big. Amen. But he made his boast. The devil puts a condition because a man is made to have dominion. Right? We're built to have dominion. And of course, if you're a Christian, you'll have the Holy Ghost will have dominion in your uh in your life. So that means that his anointing in you will have priority. We'll have number one position if you're a man. Right? So then when anything else comes in and it tries to dictate to you how things should be, you'll be like, "No, I'm not putting up with this thing." See, David heard the boast of Goliath like all the rest of Israel. But David said, "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine?" You see, he identified Goliath has no position in Christ. He's uncircumcised. He has no covenant. He has no dealings with God. And but he knew who he was. David knew he's a circumcised son of Abraham. He was anointed. He was in his promised land. He knew who he was. And he had faith in what he was. Amen. Amen. He was going to the throne. This thing's not going to stop me. This thing is not going to stop me. It may stop the rest of Israel. is not going to stop me. And friends, we're on our way to a throne and overcome his throne. So whatever tries to stop you, you got to realize this thing's going down today. Hallelujah. Amen. That's this should be our mentality. And indifference comes into our life. This ain't stopping me. Amen. Trouble comes into the home. This ain't stopping me. Amen. Unbelief tries to creep in. Fear tries to grip your life. This ain't stopping me. Amen. Oh, the problem's too big. This ain't stopping me. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Shouldn't we be that way? Shouldn't we be that way? I want to lift up the head of that devil. Hallelujah. Amen. Cause everyone because because remember, we've come to minister to one another. What did David minister to Israel? God can do it. God's more than able. Amen. God is present. Hallelujah. Should not should that should that not be our lives? Amen. Where where where the whole ambition of our life should be God, you're real. I want everyone else to know you're real. I want you to come down through my life and have dominion in everyone else's life around me. Not my personality, your word. Hallelujah. So, we should not have to put up with, well, it's been this way all of our lives and our generations were this way. This is just how things are. Let God anoint you. Let this word take over. Hallelujah. You'll be doubting a Philistine and well, this is just how I am. This is just no you in your home. can have dominion in such well God can have dominion in such a way you step in the door you feel his presence amen there's peace in your home you go to bed there's peace and as soon as trouble gets in you see the problem is with the Israel here they got used to Goliath boasting it became in 40 days you you'll adapt right you'll become a creature of habit in 40 days if if the same thing happened twice a day for 40 days I guarantee it just become and so they got used to living in this fear they got used to this. But to David, it wasn't normal cuz he was used to the presence of God around him. See, he was in his position as a son of God. So when this fear tried to grip him too, he said, "No, I'm not putting up with this. This is foreign to me." Amen. Indifference, coldness, lukewarmness, fear, double-mindedness, all those things should be foreign to us. It doesn't mean it won't try and come upon you, but when it does, say, "Hey, I'm not used to this. This is not right. I'm not putting up with this thing. Amen. Don't lose heart, friends. We ain't lost the war. You ain't lost the war. You got life in your body. You got faith in your heart. Amen. You got prevailing faith. See, just because you're a son of God doesn't mean it won't everything will just be easy for you. You can look back in your life. David could say, "Look, I got a lion skin. I got a bear skin. I got now the head of Goliath." Amen. God never failed him. Did God ever fail him? Never failed him. Not one day did God fail him. He was with him on the run. He was with him in trouble. He was with him in the cave, with him in the Philistine land. He was with them when when when they went back to Ziglag and Ziglag was on fire. They didn't know where their family was. God was with him. Amen. Hallelujah. What about you and I friends? God hasn't forsaken you. Amen. God didn't forsake David. Even when David did horrible things, God didn't forsake him because he was his son. Hallelujah. Amen. Take that, devil. That's right. The devil wants to make you think you've gone too far. You've put a foot too wrong and all this stuff. No, it's not based on what you do. But my children are my children. They're part of me. Hallelujah. Whatever they do, wherever they go, they're mine. Amen. How much does more God think of that? Thinks of you. They're my children. No one can pluck them out of my hand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I believe that. Don't you see if we could just look at things through God's eyes. See, David, when he was saying, "I'm going to take your head off," that was God saying, "Satan, your head's coming off." Hallelujah. Remember, because God has not given us a spirit of fear, but power and of love and a sound mind. Amen. So, when that spirit of fear tries to come on, you say, "No, this ain't this is stopping right here. This is stopping right here." here. You got to realize if the devil's against you, that's a good thing cuz you're not on his side. Amen. If he's waring against you, that's a good thing cuz he wants something that you've got. Amen. Your soul and you've given it to another. You're part of God. Amen. So, don't be fearful. You say, "Man, there's a lot of trouble. I don't know the way out." Jesus is the way out. He's the way when there seems to be no way. Amen. The devil comes you says, "You've heard that for years and years and years, but there comes a day." Yes. There comes a day. Amen. Just like for 40 days, they heard a lot of things. Oh, come on. Come on. What's going on here? The Israelites heard it for 40 days. Bring me a man. Bring me a man. No answer. Bring me a man. Where's God? Bring me a man. Saul, what are you doing? You should be fighting. Bring me a man. But then finally, a little boy stepped into the room. That's it. Amen. Anointed. Who's this guy? What is this fear really? When it when when you really when you see see the devil just he wants to be the main thing on the stage. He wants to take up your focal view to fill the whole view. Look how big I am. Look how great I am. Look what I've done in the past. Look what I've done to your family. Look at all these things. He wants to fill the whole view. Just take a step back. Because who's bigger than the devil is our God. Amen. That's right. Bring him into the picture. Whatever you do. Amen. But because of position now, we can turn the wrath of Almighty God against our enemy. Amen. We can do it. Amen. Esther became queen not because of who Esther was, because God elected her into that position. That because God knew she needed to be on the throne for a certain time. Amen. Because in the king now, now in our God is attributes, right? We know he's a father. He's a king. He's a judge. He's a healer. He's a counselor. He's a guide. He's a friend. He's a comforter. He's he's a lion of the tribe of Judah. Amen. He's the mighty one. and he's a mighty in battle. He's the conqueror. Amen. He's a defeater of our enemy. He's he's a man of war. All these things. But now God has placed us in a position in him to draw those attributes out of him. That's why when you go to prayer, what what are you really? You're calling on God that God's attributes will be released into your life. Lord, I'm sick. What are you doing? Lord, I'm pulling healing out of you by the faith you've given me. Because God wants to be expressed. He loves to express himself. He loves to show up and show himself mighty in battle. I mean, he loves to show himself as a comforter, as a guide, as a friend, as a healer. I mean, he loves to show himself, but he needs someone on the earth to call him on the scene. Amen. So, Esther, we know she had purpose in her heart. I know I've said this many times, but she had two things on her heart when she invited the king and her enemy to this banquet of wines. One is the salvation of her people. Two is the destruction of her enemy. And we know she was placed in this position in order for this to happen. Hallelujah. I mean, you've been placed as queen for a time such as this because God wants to be expressed upon the earth. Amen. So there she is. She created a banquet of wines. Yeah. And and and we know wine is a stimulation of the revelation of the word. That's why it's so important, friends. You feel dead is opposed. Start singing. Start praising. Start thinking about how God is. Let your thinking change. Amen. There's a battle going on in here. Amen. And the devil ain't welcome in this top two inches of my head. Right? He'll come in with doubt, double-mindedness. How do you know it's really going to work? How do you know this and this has happened and this is the problem? Start praising God. Amen. Start telling him how great he is. Amen. Start listening to the word. Start enjoying his word. You say, "Well, I don't feel like it." I had brother Ron Spencer years ago after, you know, he had that burn, he's blown up in that propane explosion, lost 80 odd% of his lung capacity, you know, all of his burns and all these things. He said he would actually literally with his nose turn the pages of his Bible to read it. He said, "Did I feel like it?" No. Many times I didn't, but he said, "I encouraged myself in the Lord." If a man with all those burns and all those things he's gone through can do that, how about you and I? Remember the state of this body doesn't change who we are in Christ. Amen. So Esther now turn the wrath of the king against Hmon. She created a banquet of wines and moved the heart of the king. L Esther, what is your request? I'll give you even up to half the kingdom, which means I I'll make you joint heir with me. And she says, "My life is in jeopardy in the life of my people. Why are we afraid to go before God?" You know, God is God is a zealous God. He's a jealous God. Amen. But it's up to us for God to use us that God's wrath will be turned against our enemy. Amen. Abigail, this is a story of Abigail. Now we know Abigail was married to um Nibal which means a fool right now there's certain positions like for example a wife will never be responsible for her husband's spiritual well-being but the husband is the head of the family is responsible for the whole family but she brother says will never answer for his spiritual well-being right just like children will never answer for their parents' spiritual well-being because they're not under their headship it's the other way So you see now, but the thing is that a wife can conduct herself in such a way to pull things out of God because of her office. Amen. Cuz she was she realized, look, my my husband is a fool. That's why his name is Nibal, right? But you see, she knew that David because you know Nibal, you know, a fool will receive the blessings of God without knowing it. But when it but when they when it's revealed to them like David sent his men to Naul, look, I've been looking after your people. I've been actually defending you this whole I think sharing season, you know. Can we have something to eat? And then Naul just says to them, "Get out of here. I'm not giving you a free meal. Get out of here, buddy." You know, so what was he what was he? He It was revealed to him why he had a good season, but he wasn't willing to thank the one who actually gave it to him. And then now David got angry. He got angry and so he said, "No, we're just going to go wipe them all out." But you see, Abigail, Abigail realized there's mercy in David. In spite of what my husband's doing, I'm not even going to consider him in this matter. I'm going to go with all this food and I'm going to stand in the gap. Hallelujah. I'm because of who I am as a wife, I'm going to stand in the gap. Amen. That she and And what did she do? She turned the wrath of David away. Oh, but I'm just a housewife. I'm just this. You got a powerful position. Amen. You can stand in the gap for your family that even sometimes even husbands can't do. Amen. Praise the Lord. And how many times we, you know, we really thought about the times when we've gone before the Lord, our family's done this, children have done this, but you gone and interceded on their behalf. Amen. You know what's happened. You can just think back in your mind, parents. Amen. Praise the Lord. There's something about our position that our family matters. Even our extended family. Abraham heard that his well, it says here we know, you know, was really his nephew, but uh Lot was called his brother, you know, and and and we know Lot was taken captive when there was war going on. And Abraham we know became Abraham. He armed his servants, not even soldiers, and went and got back Lot and his goods and the woman and and all the people. Because why? Because Abraham realized Lot is a part of me. Amen. Lot is a part of me. So my faith is going to go into action and I'm going to go get him back. Amen. That's why you got to realize when you talk to your family, have a good relationship with them. Create an atmosphere. Brother says, "How do you apply the token?" You create an atmosphere, right? You the influence of it comes from you upon them and they'll drop right into it. So, be friendly. Be loving. Be thoughtful. Don't be a grump. Don't be some standoffish holier than now. Be approachable. Be loving that they actually want to build a relationship with you. Cuz really in your heart they think, "Oh man, uncle or auntie so and so really likes me." They just think it's like a surface thing, but in your heart, you're like, "Lord, I'm going after them. Sin has got their life. Indifference has got their life." You know, something of the world has got their life, but Lord, I'm arming by your word, and I'm going after them. Hallelujah. It appears so simple, but yet it's so powerful. You're following me, friend. See, that's why it's worth it. You say, "Well, they're not friendly or they're not this." Hold on. Look beyond. Look beyond. See, Abraham looked beyond the captivity of Lot and said, "No, he's part of my inheritance. He's coming back." Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Ruth would Ruth would be instructed by Naomi to go to Boaz at the threshing floor. She would, as the Bible would say, she laid down at his feet. She pulled, see she was actually the whole, you could say keystone or the important cog in the wheel for Naomi who is an Israelite to receive redemption and her her her land to be restored back to her. She had to go to Boaz who was a near kinsman. We all know the story, don't we? You see, so her but but so so it wasn't Boaz initiating this. It was it was Ruth initiating this. See, the Bible says, "Draw nigh unto God and I'll draw nigh unto you." Right? So she she drew nigh unto Boaz who's a type of Christ. But where did where did she go now? He was asleep. He didn't just whack her. She did not whack him on the head. Say, "Hey, wake up, boy." Her attitude was one of humility. Right? She laid down at his feet. Amen. And brother says, "You're going to lay down where our Lord laid down. He laid down at Calvary." Amen. But she laid down at his feet, signifying, you are my head. Hallelujah. I've come I'm coming in humility to to to get what I have need of. And friends, if you come in real humility to God, something's got to happen. When you lay your life down, say, Lord, and what happens when you go to Calvary, Lord, forgive me of my sins. Lord, I've been wrong. Lord, I've been indifferent. I've been wewarded. My heart's been on something else. Do you know we all have a certain amount of desire? People say, "I just have no hunger for God." Well, it's because their hunger's on something else. That's why it's not because brother says every man, woman, and child hungers for God. Some people think, well, some people have it in them, some people don't. And not really. Everyone has a hunger for God. That's why when we came here, the the the Moldi people were worshiping something. Brother Aaron says they went to North America. The Indians were worshiping something because everyone has a hunger, right? So, you got to realize that people say, "Well, I just don't have a hunger for God." It's because their hunger's on the wrong thing. But create an atmosphere around you. Share some testimonies. Not in a not in a doineering way. I'm better than you. But no, God's real. He saved my soul. He changed me. Amen. He He did incredible things for me. Hallelujah. So, she she laid down at his feet in humility. And what did she do? She pulled redemption out of him. Amen. Because after this Boaz began to act, went to the went to the um uh what do you call it the city gate and you know publicly said I'm redeeming you know I'm going to marry Ruth to redeem Naomi and all these things. So Christ Boaz went into action after Ruth laid at his feet and asked her request to him. Hallelujah. She knew her position and because she acted in that position she got what she needed. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, we got to realize I'm just going to go back to I'm just going to go back to this again. We got to realize that we have a there's that power. Now, I just wanted to share this real briefly. Now, I'm sure well, most of us were here, but a few years ago, you know, my my niece my niece Abigail, she had that that disease that that that autoimmune disease was attacking her brain. I can't remember the terms of it right. Something in me said, now it was during co time and they're at Starship Hospital and all these things, you know, but something in me said, "No, that's wrong. I'm going after her." He said, "Well, could you physically get to her?" "No, but I could send her dad, Emerson, quotes and scriptures." And I would say, "Lord, I'm going after her. She's my niece." Amen. And I can't get up there, but her parents are believers. And even if they weren't, you still encourage them, right? But they're believers. Lord, use them. Anoint their faith. God, go into that hospital room and bring her out of that thing. Amen. And the doctor said, well, you know, she's going to need therapy, going to need all these kind of things. They got out of the hospital before a lockdown. She's healthy, normal, and well, back at school, all these things. But should be something to say, that's wrong. I'm going after them. Hallelujah. I'm sure we all had that feeling. But, you know, I thought, no, I'm Abraham. She's my like not Lot. Lot was Abraham's nephew. Aby's my niece. I can go after her the same way. Amen. Amen. Bring her home. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, the important thing is is we recognize our position as a believer. Right? I'm kind of going back. I'll come forward again. We need to recognize our position in the scripture as a believer. Right? So, if you if you want to be abiding in your position, find yourself in the Bible. There'll be a character that is a believer, not a make a believer. That's you and your your current situation. And it's not something that you just say you are and nothing happens. You know it's you and God proves it right now. Brother Bram would would tell the story of the lady in Memphis. Now, she was a real mom. She was a real mom. She had a real mother's love for her for her son. Now we know her son you know so so so she she lived in such a way she was a real Christian. Now it was the faith of her that caused the prophet to be grounded in Memphis because of a snow uh a storm. Right? So her faith brought what she needed on the scene. But she was standing in her position as a mom. Right? And she knew who she was in the scripture. She would say to brother Bram after brother Bram walked all the way down there from the airport or wherever he was, you know, she was um you know, she was leaning on her her front gate. Brother Bram's walking by and you know, she just says to him, "Good morning, Parson." And he, you know, he stops and says, "How do you know I was a person?" And she would explain, you know, did you ever read in the Bible about the Shinomite woman? How you know you, you know, they had the baby by promise. She identified herself in the scripture. Now she can act according to that position. right? This is what we need to do. It's very important. And and and brother, I said, "Yes, auntie. I um I've read that many a time. I preached on it a lot uh not long ago." She said, "I's that kind of a woman, too. And I told the Lord that if you give me a child, I'd raise it for him." Said, "Pastor, the Lord, give me a boy and I raised him till he was in his teens." Said, "He took a a road that's wrong. Got out with some bad company. He's laying here dying now. He's caught a bad disease and the doctors can't do nothing for him." said they give him all kinds of shots, but said he's a backslider and said he's laying here dying. Said he's been unconscious since the day before yesterday and said he don't know nothing. He thinks he's out in a deep ocean somewhere cold. I said, Parson, it just breaks my heart to see my boy die like that. Said I want him saved. That's a real mother. That's a real mother. I think it's a real father, but it's a real mother. I mean, didn't care about how educated, smart, rich, whatever. She just wanted to see him on the other side. She knew as a believer, she knew where she was going. Now, her concern in all of her life was, "I want him there. I want the family circle unbroken." And no doubt she had many hard conversations with him growing up. As she begin to see him step off the path and begin to see him get in among the wrong crowd and see his attitude change and see his see the way he talked and the lack of respect and all these things as he got older. You know, there would have been a lot of heartache, but it wasn't the end of the story. That's right. I mean, it wasn't the end of the story. Amen. So, when the So, so when we see children go that way, it's not the end. Don't quit. Don't give up. Don't quit. Amen. Hallelujah. Because she had in her heart, Lord, you gave me the child. I want to see him saved. Amen. And as the Shunite woman got in got in contact with the prophet now she's praying, "Lord, I know who I am. And you've showed me who I am in the scripture, I'm not just claiming this out of nothing. I'm I know who I am because you've showed me." Now, where's the other part of the story that can meet the present need of the day? Hallelujah. So now, so and then and then she's telling this story to Elijah. Amen. She doesn't realize it, but God is answering her prayer by a little preacher walking down the road singing, "I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them." Amen. But it was her faith. It wasn't the prophet's faith. It was her faith because she is standing in her position brought deliverance and salvation to her son. Hallelujah. Aren't we the same? Amen. Aren't we the same kind of people? Praise the Lord. Amen. And she said, "Now Lord, if you'll help me, don't let my baby die like this. And the Lord told me this morning said, "I kind of fell asleep here in the chair and I dreamed that I was come out of here and stand in this gate and I see a man coming dressed just like you." And then brother says, "Yo, you know," she says, "You know," kisses him, says, "Yo, my little, you know, you know, mama's baby. You know, yes, he was a disgrace, all these things, but doesn't matter how disgraceful he was, how much trouble he got into, he's still mama's baby." I mean, that's a mother's love. And if a mother if a love of a mother will do that, what will the love of God do? Amen. So there she was, you know, um you know, brother Bram um asked her, "Auntie, you know, can you pray? You pray first." And brother Ram said, you could tell she knew who she was talking to. Talking to the Lord. Amen. The brother Ram started praying. You know, you know, then and then and then the boy who was lying there on the bed saying, "It's dark said, "It's getting lighter." He sat up. He was healthy, strong, and normal, and well, not because of the prophet's prayer, but because of the mother. Don't diminish what God's made you. This is what I want to get to. Don't Don't ever downplay who you are in Christ because of who, you know, what God has made you to be. Amen. Don't you believe God can do the same things for us? Amen. Amen. We're here's one here. Praise the Lord. Amen. And faith was projected cuz why? Cuz parents stood in their position. The family circle's going to be unbroken. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You look at Elisha. Elisha after he saw Elijah go up in the chariot. I'm I'm I'm just going to I'm just going to wind up with this thought and I actually will. Elisha, you know, saw Elijah go up in the chariot. Elijah's mantle came down. Elijah promised, "You'll receive a double portion of the anointing upon me." So Eli um Elisha picked up Elijah's mantle, went back to the Jordan where they crossed not long before cuz remember Elijah um took a well Elisha followed Elijah. Elijah took his mantle, smoked the Jordan, it parted, they walked across. Then Elijah went up in the chariot. Now Elisha, I believe, came back to the same spot. He picks up Elijah's mantle. He says, "Now where is the God of Elijah?" smites the Jordan. And what happened in the prophet's ministry was now happening in his ministry. Amen. Because he realized that God had placed him in a position. Amen. Just like he positioned the prophet, he positioned him. Amen. And we know Elisha types the bride, right? And Elijah Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. You say the prophet and the bride, whichever one. Right. So now here is here is Elisha calling out God. You're the same. He knew he was placed in the same position. She says, "Now God, I'm calling you on the scene." And he smites the Jordan and it parts. Now friends, how many times have we stood I remember years ago, Sister Shannon in a prayer meeting crying out, "Where is the God of Elijah?" Hallelujah. What you crying out, Lord? I want to see salvation come again. I want to see people birth. I want to see people change, Lord, because you're the same God. Remember the keystone of the Bible that holds the whole Bible together, brother Bram says, is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. He hasn't changed. Amen. That's why we can stand in our position. Say, "God, you're God." Amen. So, she cried that out. Then, Brother Isaac had his experience was changed. God began to move in all these things. Can't we be the same way? I think it's time, friends. I'm just going to finish this. And now, this is just me and my heart, but we just got to we're to come to a place whatever hinders us, That's right. it's got to die. Amen. Whatever Whatever hinders, is it fear? Is it fear of failure? Is it fear of what people think of us? Is it is it just, you know, just a devil trying to intimidate us, thinking you don't really have it, you're not really a Christian. You know, we got to cut its head off. We're standing in a position, friends, of power and authority. Jesus Christ has placed us that way. So, what are we going to do? I think the fear, you're a liar. We don't have to put up. If your if your home is in a stalemate, you don't have to live in that stalemate. Amen. You can pray. You can love the Lord so much that he can step in and take over. Amen. Change the conversation. Remember, David dictated to Goliath what's going to happen. Before David turned up, Goliath was dictating to Israel what's going to happen. Right? So, what do you do now? You got to realize I'm a son or daughter of God. If it's all negative in my home, I'm going to change the conversation. If it's just fussing and fighting, Lord, through me, change this whole atmosphere. Take dominion, oh God. Hallelujah. Why? Cuz I am an adopted son or daughter of God. And you'll see things begin to change. Amen. Like for example, what if I stood up here every Sunday just spoke negative? There's going to become a real stalemate. Amen. Well, it just becomes tradition, just becomes a ritual, just becomes a this, you know. But then what if what if someone begin to say, "No, this is not how church should be. Let's pray. Let's have a prayer meeting. Let's have a testimony meeting. Let's change the whole scene here." Amen. What would happen? A Goliath would go down. Amen. The kingdom of God would go forward. We don't need to kill a Goliath in that sense, but let's let the kingdom of God go forward. Amen. We've been placed in an office. Let's use that office because of where he's placed us to say, Lord, all power in heaven and earth has been given unto who? Amen. Lord, use it through us. We're not here to humanly David didn't humanly say, "I'll cut your head off." That was God speaking through him. Amen. Let's have the musicians, please, this morning. Do you know who you are? Do you know what God has made you? Amen. Exercise your God-given authority. [Applause] Amen. We're not hopeless. We're not helpless. Nothing is too hard for the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand. Amen. Let's sing that. Let's sing the Revelation song, shall we, Brother Isaac? I think I think it's a good one. Amen. You say, well, you say, "What do I do then?" You say, "Lord, let my faith go into action." Let my faith go into action. Lord, may I may you through me change the atmosphere in my home. May it be full of love and faith and encouragement, right? Not negative and tearing down all these things. Lord, may I take you at your word, Lord. Okay. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Sing a new song to him who sits on heaven's mercy seat. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. With all creation, I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Clothes and rainbows of living color, flashes of lightning, rolls of thunder. Blessing and honor, strength and glory empower be to you the only wise me. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Oh creation, I sing praise to the king. You are my everything and I will adore you. Oh yes, I will adore you. Oh, filled with wonder, was struck wonder at the manion of your name. Jesus, your name is power. Breath of living water. Such a marvelous mystery. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. For as you are through all creation, I sing praise to the king of kings. You are my everything. But I am holy, holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Who was and is and is to come with all creation. I sing. Praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and thou holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. All creation I sing praise to the king of king. You are my everything and I will adore you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. You adore him this morning. Amen. Let's pray. Amen this morning. Let's pray. who wants to say, "Lord, may I possess this office you've placed me in? May I not shrink back? May I not be afraid? May I take you at your word, Lord?" Hallelujah. May it just be positive in my home faith building. Hallelujah. Lord, let's pray. Gracious father Lord I just ask dear God as uh Lord tried to speak on the power of our position Lord how we can come to you Lord we can call upon your great name Father to pull out what we have need of Lord Jesus and Lord it's not us that's important it's it's the position you've placed us in Lord it's the power of your blood lord it's what you have done for us so father in the name of Jesus Christ I pray that we would we wouldn't just put up with the devil we wouldn't just live in a stalemate But father, I pray that we would we would seek your face, Lord. We would call upon your name, Lord. We would just just think about how great you are. May there be an atmosphere of your Holy Ghost around us, Lord. May we just yield ourselves to you, Lord, that you would take over, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. And I pray, Lord, whenever the enemy comes around us, may it feel very foreign and strange. And may we drive them out, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. May you grant that, Father. Thank you Lord that as as your prophet said that even a housewife or a farmer Lord Father things that we would take for granted Lord are adopted positions in your body. So we thank you for that dear God. Help us to walk in confidence Lord and Lord knowing that you are the same yesterday, today and forever. And dear God, when we get into trouble, when things come our way, Lord, may you show us in your word who we are. Father, like that woman in Memphis, she knew you revealed to her that she was like the Shunomite woman. Father, then you did the rest. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray you grant it for your glory, Lord. We thank you. We love you, Lord, this morning. In Jesus Christ's name, amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Do you want to lead us in some songs, Brother Isaac? Amen. Thank you. [Music] my heart. [Music] He will end your steal your sin. He is a liar. He will rob your rest, steal your happiness. So cast your fear in the fire because of fear. He is a [Music] liar. When he told you you were troubled. When he told you and be alone. When he told you you should run away. You never find a home when he told you you're not worthy. When you should be sh When he told you you should be the one. The grace can never change your fear. He is a liar. He will take your breath. stop you in your sin. Oh, he is a liar. He will rob your rest, steal your happiness, cast your fear in the fire. Cuz fear he is a liar. Fear. Fear. He is a liar. He will drink your bread, stop you in your [Music] steps. He is a liar. He will rub your rest, steal your happiness, and cast your fears in the fire because he is a liar. [Music] Let your fire fall and cast out all my fear. Let your fire fall. Your faith is all I fear. Let your fire fall and cast out all my fear. Oh, let your fire fall. Your faith is all I feel. Let your fire fall and cast out all my fear. Let your fire fall. Your faith is all I need. Oh, let your fire let your fire fall and come down all my feet. Let your fire let your fire fall your face. Oh, let your fire let your fire fall and cast down all my fear. Oh, let your fire let your fire fall. Oh, let your fire let your fire fall and cast down all my fear. Oh, let your fire fall your fing because fear is a liar. He is a liar. He will take your breath, stop you in your step. He is a liar. Leave from your rest. Steal your happiness and cast your fear in the fire. Just fear. He is a liar. I said fear is a liar. He is a liar. He will take your breath, stop you in your steps. Fear. He is a liar. He will rock your steal your happiness. to cast your fear in the [Music] fire. He is a liar. [Music] want to do one song. I'm just trying to think. It's uh it's the one that talks about uh it's not it's about Jesus name, but it's not the not the um it's not there as forgiveness. But it's another one. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Oh, cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak [Music] Jesus. Oh, I just want to speak the name. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to break. Cuz I am declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name is heal. Your name is life. You break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. Burn like a fire. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. [Music] Every soul how captive by depression I speak Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name is Your name is life. And Jesus you'll break every [Music] stronghold shine like a fire cuz your name is power. For your name is power. [Music] Your name is Your name is And you break every [Music] stride like a fire. Shot Jesus from the mountain. I'm going to shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the sea. Jesus in the darkness over me. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. God from the [Music] mountain from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Oh Jesus in the darkness over eny. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus cuz your name is power. Jesus, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. And you break every stronghold. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. You're like a fly. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. You break every stronghold. You shine through the shadow. You burn like a fire. Cuz your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] life. You break every stronghold. You shine through the shadow [Music] burn. Lord, we thank you that we can call upon your great name, Lord, in every situation that we we're in. Lord, it's the name above all names. Lord, there's no name given among men whereby men must be saved. Lord, it's the all powerful, almighty name, the name of Jesus, Lord. And we thank you that we can be called Mrs. Jesus today, Lord. That all that authority, Lord, you give to us. Hallelujah, Lord. And you've given us dominion. You've given us power. You've given us authority, Lord. Not that we're worthy of it, Lord. But when we become yours, Lord, then you give that to us, Lord. We we we receive. When we receive of you, Lord, we receive of that power, too, Lord, but we worship your great name this morning, Lord Jesus. Lord, we know that at your name, every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Lord, and we'll cast our crowns at your feet to the name above all names. So, Lord, we just want to give you praise and honor and glory this morning. May bless us as we go our way, Lord. May we take the name of Jesus with us, Lord, in every situation that we're in. May we think, what would Jesus do? How would he act, Lord? We we we want to be that name, Lord, to those around us each and every day and be a be a good representation of you, Lord. So, we just want to commit the service to your hands. Commit each one to your hands this morning in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you all this morning. [Music] [Music] Blind. The de now here. The lame will walk. The lost draw near. And with new life the dead are raised. all through the power in Jesus name. And the tide find rest and the sick I [Music] heal. The mysteries of how God revealed and now the [Music] truth can be proclaimed. We're offered freedom in Jesus name. Cuz he's the name above all names. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every tongue confess. [Music] No other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. The thirst defy f the hungry f and those who mourn their comfort. The chains are broken that have been slain. We're offered freedom in Jesus name. name. He's the name above all name. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow. Every tongue confident. Oh no, no other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus. Why? He's the name. He's the name above all name. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every tongue conf. No other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus. For there is power, there is power, there is hope. Oh, and there is love like you've never known. And there is forgiveness and healing from your pain. Walk through the power in Jesus name. There is power. There is power. There is hope. Oh, there is love like you'll never know. There is forgiveness and healing from your pain. All through the power in Jesus name. Walk as he's the name above all names. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow. Every tongue conf and no other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus. Why? He's the name. He's the name above all names. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every tongue confess and no other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus. Oh, he's the name. He's the name above all names. He's a savior and our lord. Every knee will bow and every tongue confess. No other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love Jesus name. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. Cuz what a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of [Music] Jesus. You were the word in the beginning. One with God the Lord most. Your head didn't go. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven [Music] without. So Jesus, you forgive them. My sin was great. Your love was greater. What can separate her now? What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing can miss it. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ might. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares it. What a beautiful name it is done. Death could not hold him. Death could not hold you. Fails all before you. Silence the most of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring. praise of your glory for you are raised to life again. You have no rival. You have no equal now and forever by you. Yours is the kingom. Yours is the power. Yours is the name above all names. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. Cuz you have no rival. You have no equal now and forever. God you reign. Yours is the kingom. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all name. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to it. What a beautiful name it is. The name. What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. [Music]
