################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - 020725  -  Wednesday Evening - Bro Armand Struwig - Armand Struwig.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-02
Title:   020725  -  Wednesday Evening - Bro Armand Struwig
Speaker: Armand Struwig
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txdath1MCSY
========================================

[Music] [Music] God bless you saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Let's just stand this evening as we open in a word of prayer. [Music] Thank you, Lord, for this wonderful day you've given us, Lord, half the week, Lord Jesus. Lord, knowing that you were with us, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I just pray and say thank you that we were all able to make it tonight, Lord Jesus, and to hear from you once again, Lord. And Lord, I pray that as we've come, Lord, expected, Lord Jesus, I pray that you speak to our hearts, Lord Jesus. You know every one of our needs, Lord Jesus. Prayer requests that are spoken or unspoken, Lord Jesus. And you have the answers for them, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I just pray that as the musicians play this evening as well, Lord Jesus, may you play through them, Lord. May your atmosphere just come down mightily this evening, Lord Jesus. May you move amongst your people this evening, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you be with those that couldn't make it or that are sick and body, Lord. Pray you be their portion and be with them. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Let's start with the verse. Oh, there's a light in the window, a table spread as splendor, and someone standing by the open door. And I can't see a crystal river. So I must be near forever. But I've never been this homesick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home. And I can't see my father standing at the door. And this world has been worthless. And I'm ready for to live. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. And I can't see a family gather sweet faces all familiar. No one's old evil anymore. [Music] And how this lonesome heart is crying. I'm going to spread my wings will fly. And Lord, I've never been this homesick before. And I see the bright light shine. And it's just about home. And I can't see my father standing at the door. And this world has been wild. And I'm ready for deliverance. [Music] Lord, I've never been this homesick before. And I have heard the exile message that spoken by the prophet. And he told me on my bride grooves of the for sure. and how the king of glory under has given me his promise. And I've never been this home sick before. [Applause] And I see the bright light shine. It's just about time. And I can see my father standing at the door. And this world has been wilderness. And I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light. I see the bright light. This just about time. I can't see. My father is standing at the door. In this world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for delivering. Lord, I've never been this sick before [Music] this. of us singing. Oh, actually now let's start with the chorus. Oh, in the sweet by we shall meet on that beautiful song. And in the sweet by and by we s on that beautiful soul. And there's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith we can see it aart and full of all the way. over the way to prepare us a darling places. In the sweet by we shall meet on that beautiful soul [Music] in the sweet by far. [Music] We shall meet on that beautiful song and we shall sing on that beautiful song. Oh my lord songs of the bless and our spirit shall sorrow no more. will not aside for the blessings of grace. When the sweep are and far, we shall meet all that beautiful soul in the sweet by and by we shall be on that beautiful song into our bountiful Oh father of love, we will offer our tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that have no days. When the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful song in the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful sorrow in the sweet and the We find we shall meet on that beautiful song in the sweet by. We shall meet on that beautiful soul. [Music] Why would a waring giants come calling my name? My God is so much bigger than troubles. [Music] Why would I hunger for power or riches all fail? [Music] My God is so much better than all of these things. So I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. It's true. My God is better, stronger, greater than [Music] my enem. They know the battle is. [Music] I got a stronger victory already. [Music] He died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. [Music] My God is greater than men. [Music] So I won't be shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. [Applause] This promise is true. So I speak to the mountain. [Music] My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. So I won't be shen. I won't be shen. I won't be true. My God is faithful. This promise is true. So I speak to the mountain. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. [Music] There's no mountain to, no, there's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to be. There's no weapons too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain to hide, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to be. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. So I won't be shen. I won't be moved. Since my God is faithful, his promise is true. So I speak to the mountain. [Music] My God is better greater than I'll be shen. I won't be shenen and I won't be. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountains. [Music] It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, strong, greater than you. [Music] Oh Lord, you serve me. You know my way. Even when I fail you, I know you love me. Your presence [Music] is surrounding me. [Music] In every season [Music] I know you love me. I know you love me. [Music] And at the cross I bow my knee. Where your blood was shinful. There's no greater love than this. You have overcome the grave. Your glory fills the highest place. What could separate me now? At the cross, at the cross I bow my way where your blood was shed for me. There's no greater love than this. [Music] You have overcome the grave. Your glory fills the highest place. What could separate me now? You go before. [Music] You s my way. [Applause] Your hand [Music] [Applause] knows me. And I know you love me. Oh yes, I know you love me. Cuz at the cross I found mine. The way your blood was shed for me. There's no greater love there. You have overcome the grave. Your glory fills the highest place. What could separate me? Now at the cross. At the cross I bow my way. Your blood was sh. There's no greater love than you have overcome the grave. Your glory fills the highest place. Walk and separate me. Let's sing that one more time. Amen. [Applause] It's at the cross I bow my knee. When your blood was shed for me, there's no greater love like this. And you have overcome the grave. Your glory fills the highest place. What can separate me now? Amen. What can separate us now from the love of God? Tore himself apart just for us. Amen. By doing that, he gave the devil one really good punch. And we're just evidence of that. We stand here day to day fighting every day because we believe. We're not doubters. We're believers. Welcome to the house of the Lord. May tonight you be blessed. May he live. See, I I like to see the I am. I like to see the living God coming and stepping forth and taking the book and opening up. That's why we come here. We want to see God in action. I don't want to hear about his coming. I know he's coming. I don't want to hear about what he done in the past. I know he's done it all. I want to see him work today. I want to see the I am that pillar of fire. I want to see what brother Brandham experienced. I want to I want to feel every little bit of this gospel every time I come here. That's my expectation. Amen. I believe that the Lord is here. Amen. It says in Psalm 19 and 13, it says, "Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in the sight, oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer." May what comes out of these lips tonight give glory to God. And may it encourage us to step just a little bit closer to the Lord and him with us. I pray you'll get blessed tonight. It's not me preaching. It's not just brother Alante. I'm always excited talking about the Lord, but it's him and he wants to minister unto us tonight. So let's just bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we can open up our Bible and we can read every scripture in there, Lord, but if you don't make it real, Father, what do we have? Lord, if we have love for one another, Lord, and deep respect for one another, Lord, you would come in behind that and you can have preeminence in this service tonight, Lord, the sick will be healed, Lord. Lord, the ones that has afflicted and and been tormented so long, Lord, with strongholds that the devil might have put up in their lives, Lord, that could be released tonight. Miracles can happen, my father. I believe it, Lord. We've got Sister Christina at home recovering, Lord. all of us in one accord. No. And is feeling her pain, Lord. Even if we were not even in the car with her, Lord. Lord, we've got people that's sick at home, not feeling good tonight. Brothers and sisters that we love so much, Lord. People that can maybe not make it here because of a financial strain that would really want to be here, but it's just not fitting for them or they have to work maybe, Lord. We understand those things, Father. And our heart burns for those people, Lord, because I know that they would love this atmosphere. They would love you being in in and being in your presence, Father. So, Lord, I pray you bless those people, Lord. Everyone that is streaming, Lord, may you go out and just sit next to them on the couch and minister unto them, Lord. Knock on their door. Say, "Hey, I'm here to come and suck with you tonight. I come to your house tonight to have dinner or to to to take the feted cough and and have some food and and we the carcasses the eagles gather. We know Lord we ask that you'll be with our pastor brother Ben. You know he's still there overseas and he's preparing to come back home. We miss him dearly. We know that it's been a well a pretty much tumultuous could you say exercise here in Wellington and him being so far away from his wife. Lord, I know his heart would be really wanting to be here, but he's at his post of duty. Father, you bless that man, Lord. You bless Brother Ben. Keep him safe, Lord. And when he comes back, Lord, may you just find everything in order. We pray thee, Lord. Take this service, have preeminence, Lord. Thank you for the gifts, the musicians, the deacons, Lord, the office bearers, the the sound techs, Lord. Everybody here makes this possible for you to come down, Lord. May you just bless them richly. We pray in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. It's Wednesday. God bless you. Thank you musicians. I will not say anything else cuz I might get you to sit down. Then our opening scripture we're going to find in Exodus 34. And they who have Bibles, you can grab your sword out now and just have it. I just want to talk a little bit. I'm It's more a preing tonight, so it's not a full service. Kids say, "Yay!" Because sometimes it's just late at night and we all know they I didn't have pictures up. Brother Isaac's got all the pictures. He took pretty much all the pictures you could find on the internet for Sunday service. So, man, that guy. Hey. Okay. And no, I'm not nervous. I'm actually very excited because the Lord has been dealing in my life really good. And then when he teaches you something, you need to share. So tonight it's for it's what I experienced and I'm just going to tell you about it. How's that sound? So don't think it's me telling you anything or telling you how to do anything. This is the law dealing with me. I've seen it and I just want to share it with you guys. Okay? So shields down. Okay? Only when we fight the enemy, we put the shields up. When brothers stand next to you, put your shield down. You go, "God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister." Okay? You don't knock him with a shield first. Okay? So verse 5 says, "And the Lord descend in the cloud." so glad that the Lord descended in the cloud in our day. And he stood with him there and proclaimed the name of the Lord. And the Lord passed before him and proclaimed the Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, long-suffering and abundant in goodness and truth. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. I want to talk a little bit about wrestling with God. Is it okay to wrestle with God? You know, we know always read about Jacob wrestling with God and and you know, certain believers having prayer requests before God, but but what does it really mean to wrestle with God? And and what would happen if we do wrestle with God? you know, um there's many of things we think that God is is I'm not going to jump ahead, but God is just such a big God that sometimes we can't approach him because of various reasons. You know, maybe unconfessed sin or or things that's between us and the Lord. There's that song that says nothing between my Lord and my Savior. And you kind of think that because there's a a something there that you can't approach God. But that's not true. That's a lie of the devil. We're going to we're going to take that devil. We're going to break his back and stomp on him three times, four times, five times because remember, we're not just going to do three arrows, we're going to do the whole lot. We want to obliterate our enemy. So depending on our understanding of God, we think that that the answer to this question, can you wrestle with God? That God is lofty, he's powerful, he's almighty, he's unreachable. We think that we think that because God is such a big big God, we can't approach him. We also think that if we do come before God and we start talking to God and maybe we want to wrestle with him because remember there's a difference between and I always say this fighting trying to hurt someone and inflict pain and actually grabbing someone and wrestling it's a strength test. It's it's to find out the weakness of your opponent. So if you see wrestlers wrestlers don't try to break the guy. He will grab and lock onto another opponent and they will start feeling each other and and what is going on cuz I'm looking for a weak spot. And when I find a weak spot, then I know that I can move in and I can pin that person, you know. So it's not to hurt him, but is to get him down on the ground. So when we fighting, fight is what we do against the enemy. We don't do it against brothers and sisters. We actually do that against the enemy. You know, the the prince of darkness and all his demons. We fight against them. We wrestle not against them. We fight against them. But we wrestle one another. Iron sharpens iron. And so it is with us and God as well. When you have something that comes up, you can lock arms with God and you can start wrestling for your blessing like Jacob did. You can actually get in contact so intimate, so close with God that when he touch you, you'll walk different. He wants that. He wants that. He wants you to get so close to him that when you two are starting to wrestle and he's saying, "But I know you've got more in you." And he's trying to testify that's what's lying within you. He's testing your strength and you're pulling. But sometimes you push back and say, "Lord, but how far more?" And he goes, "But I want you to go a little bit further." So it's always a a battle between us and God. But it's for your benefit. It is actually for your strengthening because everything when you wrestle God that happens gives you strength to overcome the enemy. Because remember when we're wrestling, we're training. But we're training for what? To go out and fight. So, he's going to give you certain circumstances, circum temptations, certain um frustrations. Everybody's got them. You know, sometimes the guy right next to you is a frustration and that's your your husband or your wife. But that can happen that there's something in them that just grinds you and you can't know why because there's something placed within you that God wants to deal with, but he's going to start wrestling with you. He's going to he's going to bring it out because he wants to find your weakness because he wants to strengthen you. Now, I'm jumping a little bit ahead, but so God describes himself as compassionate, gracious, and slow to anger. So, when we lock arms with God, he doesn't get angry and just push you down and and oblivate you. That's not his purpose. He's gracious. So when he comes in and he locks arms with you, this fight might for you seem really hard and you want against this almighty God. But what he wants you to do is he wants you to get in contact. He wants you to get close and personal. But the only way he can do it is he going to send you some trials. Hey, brother Isaac. Oh, wait. Let me get this off. I think we're going to wrestle tonight. I feel restricted. So the word wrestle it implies it's a struggle to be physical or to match one another and an opponent in battle. He says but it's also a struggle mentally. Have you ever thought about it? Cuz you're constantly thinking what is the other guy doing? Feeling wondering thinking. So so here's our struggle. Why has God put me in this this scenario this trial? Why has he put brother Armont in our church that always pushes that button? You know, why why is there And it is you might get a character. Hello, Fish. Good to see you, brother Fish. God bless you. The that he'll put a a character in there and you can't understand why. There's something that's just grinding you. That's God. He's placed that person there for a reason. Because the fact that it's in here and is grinding you means there's something that needs work. You don't know it yet. You just have the manifestation of of the subconscious like brother Andy preached that's inside you going on. You can feel it. You can It's bubbling sometimes. It's bubbling really hard, but it is in there. And God, I don't want that in there. I want that out. So, he's going to wrestle with you. He says, "Emotional struggles touch us really deep. Things that happened in our past that really cut us deep and we just took a lot of sand." And sister London and I, we have spoken about it this week, but we just cover it with the sand. And it might have happened way back in our life, but it's still there. It's still buried. God wants that. We can't move on with things in our life that has not been dealt with. Because what happens is what brother Andy said, and I love that subconscious series. He says, "Your mind brings that so quickly back that your your your conscious can't catch up with it, and it just runs. And you might say or do something out of order because of the past hurts in your life. And it's real. We all do it. I mean, if if if you all just think about it, you know, if you burned your hand on the plate, I promise you when there's a hot plate and you feel before you even put your hand on the plate, you feel the heat resonating from that plate. Automatically your hand goes, "That's hot." But if you never touch that plate, you'll go, "Oh, that's hot." But you ever touched a hot plate? Ask Malachi. He touched the fireplace. Would that boy ever go back to a fireplace? It's no ways. Cuz he knows that that burns. But it's it's trauma. It's event that was anchored within him. So his subconscious just goes, "Hot, don't touch." I remember Chantel, I was doing ironing. Believe it or not, I can do that. And I was doing ironing and she had her hand on the ironing board. And as I came with the iron, I wasn't even 30 cm away from her. She just went I said to her, "You got burned by iron one day." She says, "No, I can't remember that." I said, "I'm telling you, the fact that your subconscious did that so quickly, someone burned you with an iron." She asked him on, she goes, "Yeah, when you were little, you got burned with an iron." But she reacted so quickly. Now, here here's the thing. Deep inside of you, there's a hurt. deep inside of you, there's something that's not been dealt with and God and you react either towards a brother or sister or towards God or towards a situation in such a way that God will place you in that situation to start realizing this is why you're acting the same way. How many have been around the mountain? You go, I've been around this mountain. I've been around this mountain. I've been around this mountain. Why can't I get my mountain? I want to be like Caleb. I want my mountain. And God goes, "I'm going to bring you up cuz you're not learning." Because within this mountain where you're coming again, the reason I'm bringing you again is somewhere you're not learning. I got something for you. And this is where the believer has to stop. So far off my notes, but I just want to say this. This is where a believer stops and goes, "Lord, you got my attention. You got my attention." And then the only way to start dealing with this thing is get back in fellowship with God. I'm not saying that you're out of fellowship, but that means seeking him deeper. Going into that prayer closet, actually starting to go into your word and say, "Show me in here. What is my trial?" I remember when I started working for brother Andy and them, they their businesses, it's amazing how these brothers run their businesses. It's on the word of God. They wait for a word of God to be manifested and be shown to them in the scriptures and then they move. Am I wrong? They will only move when they see that confirmation. And it could look like they're going to completely go the wrong way. They're waiting for that scripture to be revealed before they move on. Exodus 14:14. I was I was a witness to it. So remember, God is omniscient. So he knows everything. He's omnipotent. He's powerful. He is He is a God Almighty. He can deal with everything. He can deal with it. But you're going to wrestle with him. He's so strong, yet he won't break you. I I'll go on with it. So, especially in special and and stressful times and conversations and our prayers with him, it gets intense. You know, sometimes we've got demands. Sometimes we need an answer on a question. Sometimes we need a resolution to something. There's always a need for us. We're a needy people. And the reason God does this is because God wants, like brother Isaac said and like brother Mos said and brother Ed said, he wants to show his attributes. He want to show you that he can do it. But now let's say I've prayed and I said to the Lord to so you know at the moment there's a lots going on and I said to the Lord give me an answer on a specific thing and I'll give you example should I work where should I work what should I do it's a real thing and for two months I don't get any answers and then for three months I don't get any answers And I start thinking, what's wrong, Lord? No, because this is human. What have I done? No, he's busy with me. He says, I want you to get quiet. Then my son comes up and he preaches still small voice. And I'm thinking, oh, he goes, yeah, you're not getting still enough. So, you want to hear me speak, but you're not getting still enough. And for me to get still is a big thing. So, I love talking. And he goes, "But Arant, I'm going to bring you to a a place where I want to get you so quiet that I can start working with you and dealing with you, but I want you out of the way." But see, I didn't know what God was going to bring onto my way. But praise the Lord. So what he did in the book of Isaiah in 57-15 says, "For thus saith the one who was high and lifted up, who inhabits eternity with his holy name, I dwell in the high and holy place and also with him who was of a contrite and lowly spirit to revive the spirit of the lowly and to revive the heart of the contrary." So the contrite means to be broken into powder to be assayed like brother Ben said. So he says remember I'm the God that inhabits the whole of heaven and under the earth and the earth and everything I I that's me. All of this is me. He says but I dwell with people that's of a contrite spirit that is broken. And my purpose for this and this is the scripture that I got. My purpose is to deliver them that are humble, to deliver them that is is is contrite, to deliver them that is broken. That's my purpose. I'm the God that cares. I see when you're going to the point I see where you get to a point where you can't anymore. I know that. I'm waiting for you there. And we start fighting with God and we start arguing with God. Don't worry, he won't throw you away. He's patient. So talk to God. You know, I'm I'm walking around and in my best English, I can't unbelieve it. I used to speak to God in Africans. Now I was speaking to God speak to God in English. You know, it's just But I would walk and I would just say, "Lord, what are you doing? Like what are you doing? I I just can't see it. Look, I'm a babe. You said you come to me, but I just can't see it." And he goes, "We're going to wrestle some more. We we're going to wrestle some more. There's something there that you're not seeing. And the reason that you're here again is because I need to fix that. I, not me. I. So, you start yielding. You start surrendering. You start praying. You start communing with God. You read your word. You get more into it. You say, "Lord, it must be in here." Cuz if I don't see it in here, I have no idea where I'm going. Amen. God dwells in those that are humble. And if we're all his children, that means many other places we are reminded that God is willing to meet us in our weakness. He wants to meet you there. He says God, okay? God came and he died for you. Why? Just to take your sins away. Don't you think he was hungry? Don't you think he was rejected? Don't you think that the very people like Thomas that looked at him and say, "If I don't even touch, if I don't put my hands in that side, I wouldn't believe." Do you not think that would have hurt him? Do you not think that that when he was walking through Jerusalem and he looked at all the people rejecting him that he doesn't know rejection or hunger or pain? So, he knows that and he knows us. But he wants to come to your level and say, "When you get to that point, I must be your first point of contact. seek me. Young men, young sisters, but we don't have young sisters, many here, but young men, I want to talk to you. When you're looking for God, don't look when it's too late. Start seeking him earlier. Because remember, I'm going to tell you something. Your trials are many and they're right in front of you. All our old folks has has fought a couple of battles. But when all seems a little bit hard, your default setting as a young man should get back on your knees and say, "Lord, what have I done? How can I get out of here?" Cuz he's standing right next to you waiting for you cuz the reason you got that trial, the reason you got into that mess is somewhere you stepped off. Okay, now I'm going to I'm going to bring my point across. One John and one Ed, we always had this one in South Africa. But I went to it and I said 1 John 1 vers9. Okay. But I wanted to start a little bit back by verse four. And you can put that up. Um Tally, I'll wait for you to put it up. 1 John 1. And we're going to go to verse four. He says, "And these things I write unto you that your joy might be full. And this is the message which I have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness. So now remember God's saying and we were talking recently with God. I'm not losing the plot. Just give me a sec. He says God is light and in him is no darkness. So when we dwelling in sin, can we really wrestle with God? When we when we rolling in it and we just don't want to repent and we happy with the state we're in, do you think God will listen to you wrestling? because there's a there's an approach to God. He says, "I come to a humble and a contrite spirit." So, when we're in a place where we're walking in darkness, I'm telling you now, God knows you're there, but he ain't going to listen to you. Because remember, God is sovereign. Listen to what I say. God is sovereign. He might listen to your mom and dad that's praying for you or the brother or the sister or whoever's in, but when you're rolling in darkness and you're enjoying it, he will not wrestle with you. because he he dw darkness does not dwell with him. So you can't be in a state of complete sin and then start demanding from God to help you to understand stuff. That's not your place. That's not being humble. That's just being arrogant. So let's get it right. If you know you're sinning and you know you're doing something wrong, you need to strike that off first because that's what's between you and your savior. cuz God ain't going to going to come let a filthy devil come into his chamber between you and him and try to have a discussion with both of you. We need to get that thing sorted. And that was what happened with me. There was something that was holding me back from entering into the holiest of holies. I was saved. You guys think this is serious. I was saved. But there was something why God wasn't speaking to me. And I went down and I started looking for that cuz I'll rather have that devil's head off and walk on with my Lord than have anything between me and God. This is very serious. We can go to the next verse. He says, "If we say we have fellowship with him and we walk in darkness, we lie." So if you are busy with sin and you're doing things wrong, this is from backbiting to backsliding to to arguing to fornication to anything that is not in the presence of God, right? And you think you're having fellowship with him. You're lying to yourself. You believe that devil. Because remember, God is pure and holy. So we need to cut these things out. I'm not fighting with you. This is me. Remember this is my testimony. So I'm just giving you the scriptures that was given to me while we went through this. I thought hey if I going to testify let me testify for his glory because at the end of this I got released from a lot of stuff and I and I got to enter into the holiest of holies the shikina where where God really speaks to you and say just hang on I got this and the same trial just turns around and it's just now a blessing. Hold on it gets better. He says, "And do not the truth. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Jesus Christ, his son, cleanses us from all sin." So if we say we have no sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth of him is not in us. Just hold it there. Now here comes brother Arman. And I hit this brick wall and it's like a old sian wall. It's thick, man. and I hit this wall and I'm like, "Lord, why am I here again?" So, cuz remember the the the thing about a believer, we don't wallow in self-pity. I've hit the wall. It hurts. My big nose is flat. Everything is not fine. I'm now in this situation, but what do I do? So, do I so sit down and feel sorry for myself? Or do I hit the wall and step back and go, man, I've been here before and I'm looking around me and I'm going, what am I doing here? I'm starting to come to myself and I'm like, Lord, but why did I hit this wall again? Why am I in this trial again? What what am I doing here? I'm like, okay, let's go find the answer. Yeah, you feel sorry for yourself for the first two days, but then you man up and we move on. We have to. We're Christians. We're believers. Don't let the devil crown your life a unbeliever before the day you die. Rather die a believer than an unbeliever. Like if you're going to do something, be a believer with everything in you. You know, like seriously, if he says, "Oh, okay. You got cancer and you're going to die of cancer." You go, "I believe he can heal me. If I die of cancer, then I still believe he could heal me." Amen. He won't take me as an unbeliever. I will leave this realm as a believer cuz that's what he made me. We get a backbone, man. Christ has done so much for us. So he saved me, brought me in when I was 32 years old to bring me all the way here at 43 to say, "Oh no, I lost you. Sorry." No, he can't start there and he can't finish here. So if he if he saved me there, he can heal me there. He can take me further into a rapture there. What is it to God? You know, if you understood the the the the might of God, if you really understood what God can do for you and how how awesome is he in battle, why would this little wall that I hit shake me? Then brother Isaac comes in. He goes, "Bring it on." And I'm sitting here going, "What are you talking about? I don't want more. Enough." He's like, "I bring it on." I'm like, "No, wait. Hold on, Isaac." You know, and and they preach these sermons and you're sitting there and you go, "No, can't bring more on. can't don't don't bring more on. I can't. I was there and Isaac's bold. Bring it on. I'm like, I can't. You know, I said to Isaac, I said that day he preached that sermon. I said, I was at a place where and and he knows about it. We we spoke. I said, I've been there and I know I have to go on, but there's nothing. It's like Hezekiah said, "The the child must come forth, but I have no strength to bring it. I can't do it." So, I get to a point where even the little bit of strength I thought I had was just and you're like, "I can't." And it's not God forsaking you. Listen to this. He was standing right next to me saying, "I know you can't." But I wasn't listening to the voice. I was feeling sorry for myself. We we don't feel sorry for ourselves cuz that's sympathy for the devil because all the devil does is he drives a wedge right there between you and God. You see, he doesn't care. See, you ain't overcome this one. See, you're going to fail. But inside me, I had unconfessed sin. I want you to listen. All of us live in sin. If I would ask any of you who doesn't sin, raise your hand now. None of you would because that is what happens. We're human stuck in this thing called flesh. Man, he's going to love it when we change this thing. Now, he says verse 9, if you can put that up, Dalia, if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. So now I get to a point where I know God, you ain't talking to me. Something's got to change somewhere. Something's going to change because I want to hear your voice, man. Enough to say, I am wrong. But I didn't know what I was wrong about yet. I didn't. But I knew I wasn't in the right place cuz why would God bring it upon me? He wasn't being angry with me. He just was going, "Arman, Arman, Arman, Arand." That's what he did cuz he's patient and he's longsuffering. But I wasn't. I was just being me. And I was thinking everything I do was just let's go, let's go, let's go, Sergeant, soldier, march, march, march, wall, wall, wall, wall. And he's going stop, Arman. I just didn't listen. I didn't got to a point where where I sat for a week at home and felt so sorry for myself. That didn't help me nothing. I lost a week. Just to let you know, spirit of disobedience. So, there's a sister. Brother Kyra preached it this week, but he stole my notes. I just want to say, brother Kyra, I'm sorry, but I had it written down before you preached that. He says, I said, well, it's up to them. I don't know. So, this is the woman that's that that's cheating on a husband. Now, I want to ask you if you wronged someone. So, let's say, and I I'm not say anybody is, so just follow me. So, she cheated on her husband and then she said she's not going to tell her husband about this because she doesn't want to hurt him. She'll take this to the grave. Who's got a piece of paper? Who can rip a piece of paper off me? Debbie, can you rip me a piece of paper off there? Beautiful. Thank you. So, I want to show you something. So, here's sin, adultery. So, Satan goes and she cheats on her husband. And Satan goes, I'm just going to use you as example, Dave, you're the closest. Cuz he's not a girl. So none of the women think I'm bre. So he gives a adultery and he holds the other ticket. He's the accuser of the brethren. That's his job. And he does it really well. He's that complaining one that always says, "See, my brother did this and my brother did that and my brother did this and my sister did this and my sister." That's what he does. That's his job. Hey God, lust. Hey God, adultery. Hey God. Depression. Hey God. Envy, jealousy. Hey God, backbiting. Disobedience. See, he's got it. Cuz he's got it. And wave your ticket. He's got it. Cuz the other half of this ticket I'm holding. Hold that. So now, David, I'm using you as example. You are not committing adultery. Thank you, Lord. Because you're not married even. So, and sisters, if anybody's watching, that was for you, okay? Forgive me later. So, now David sits with adultery. This woman is caught in adultery. Now, David says, "When I die, when I die, I will not tell no one about this. Not my wife, until the day I die." What happens the day when you die with unconfessed sin? Have you ever thought about it? Who has the other ticket? Come by there by the Oh, I've been saved. Yeah, you've been saved, but there's a day of judgment. You still have this. The devil sits with the other part of the ticket that he made a deal with you with. Now, because you done it and you didn't strike it off and you didn't apply the blood, he's got all right to go before God and says, "Yep, day of judgment, David, adultery." And because God is a judge, then he cannot intercede on your behalf. Because now God's a judge. But hey, wait, hold on. David made it right with God. No, he must make it right with his wife first because the act was not committed against God. Yes, it's against his word, but it was committed against his wife. Do you see what I mean? Now, I'm playing open cards. I hope you all understand this is grown-up stuff, but I want to bring it into your park because it's unconfessed sin. It's going to drag you to hell because it gives the devil a legal right. Legal right. Here's what brother Brandham says. He says, so the sister said, I will not do it. And then the his wife said to him, so what is going to happen? He says, well, it's up to them. I don't know. But I said, you know, no matter how much you scream and how loud you scream and how much you pray, the devil has a legal right to stay right there and it will stay there, too. Because remember, you haven't placed this under the blood. The only way to do it is to bring it up from what's in here. All these strongholds, all these things that the Satan is holding against us, we need to get it stricken off. That's our job, bro. Clean up. Open the heart. Say, "Lord, every chamber, even if it hurts, come in everywhere, every crevice, get in there. I need you to be in there. I need to clean this. I want nothing in the enemy's hand." Nothing. That's our purpose. He says he's got a right to stay there. And not only that, but if he if you supposed to have done something and didn't do it, he has a legal right of disobedience. So if God tells you to do something and you don't do it, he's got a legal right of disobedience. So I'm asking, has God ever told you to do something and you didn't give your heart? Has he ever told you to repent or not do that? Like cuz this is serious stuff. The gospel is not all God is grace and mercy. He is. But between me and him, I have a accuser of the brethren. And all he wants to do is push a wedge between me and God. And that's all. And he studies you, David. And he studies you boys. And he knows all about you. And he knows about your dad and your dad's dad and your mom's dad and everybody's. And he knows where every one of them fell. And that thing is coming through your lineage. And it's now fallen into your lap. But see, we're going to get rid of this tonight because the blood of Jesus Christ, that's why he died for us. But you have to bring it out. You have to. It's life or death. This remember we are fighting. We are wrestling with God. But this is life and death. This is no shenanigans. This is no no playing games. This is life and death. We need to get it out. He says, "So there you will. So there is what it is combating the a person to find out just what is the cause. Then when you know where that where it is, you can start with a cure. He says, "So, and I'll read this. There is what it is. If uncon, it's unconfessed sin many times. So, you watch what you say, stomping this one out and stomping that one out." See, that's right. Faith will move, but not when it has a legal right against it. Satan knows what his rights is and what he is um what he hasn't got a right to. That's right. So clean yourself up before God and come pure and holy and ask then. So we're going to wrestle with God. Come pure and holy. Strike all these things off. Say, "Lord, whatever." It doesn't matter how much it stings. But now what happens is this woman has to go back to her husband and tell her husband what she's done. And brother Brandham says later on in a in a questions and answers, there's a sister that does the same thing and and she cheated on her husband with another man. And what he said is, "You didn't sin against God. You can go find it's in the message." He said, "You sinned against your husband." He says, "So go fix it with your husband. Then you and your husband go to that man and go fix it up with that man." He says, "And then both of you come and you pray and you fix it up with God." Beautiful. Get this sort. He says, "And if your husband wants to stay with you, that's all up to him. If he wants to leave you, he's got a right to all those things. But I'm telling you, let's first fix it up with your husband because you did sin against your husband." So, here's the thing, and we can talk it on a natural level. If I've offended someone here and I don't know about it, it's your duty to come and talk to me cuz why? I don't want a ticket against me. So you come and knock on my door and say, "Brother Mud, when you said this and this and this and this, I actually you you cut me a bit." I'm like, "I'm sorry. Let's pray. Would you forgive me, brother?" We take that thing and we go, we clean it. And you go now because we prayed together and you forgive me. I say, "Lord Jesus, will you forgive me?" And he goes, "Blood applied. Never did it in the first place." But we have to get to that moment. So God brings me to this moment and I start realizing that things that I did in the past and was doing was hindering my walk with the Lord and he was busy suffocating and killing me inside. Cuz remember this Sunday school teacher that was cheating on her husband, she went forward for prayer because she was dying. And brother Bradam says, "You're dying because you're carrying a secret. You can't forgive people and you're sick because you can't forgive people. forgive them. Make it right with them. Move on. If it's if it's so big that you can't forgive someone, that unforgiveness will drag your soul to hell. I'm telling you, because you won't be healed. You'll be bitter. And though you have salvation, you will never be in fellowship with God because you always let this unforgiveness be between you and God. Get rid of it. Strike it off. There's bigger things than that. There's bigger things than that. Amen. Shouldn't be so serious. Hold on. Because remember, God is a Lord that is merciful and gracious and long-suffering. So here David comes and he goes to his wife, which is now the imaginary wife, and he says, "Love, I I cheated on you." and it was with such and such and such and such a time and I'm really sorry you know and I know I didn't want to hurt your feelings and I know we're going to have to there's repercussions you reap what you sow I know the next couple of stops we're going to have a a little bit of we're going to have have a bit of a reconciliation but you know what I can't give the devil this ticket and he takes the ticket and he says after she says forgive him he says Lord Jesus, would you apply the blood? And the Lord says, "Yes, Davey. What? What did you do?" You go, "Nothing." Awesome. You did nothing. Never never did it in the first place. Cuz my blood is stronger than your biggest weakness, your greatest sin, my blood, my suffering can heal you. I just want your sin. Just give it to me. Cuz what am I going to do with a sin? I go back to your accuser at the day of judgment and I go, "What sin? You made them do it. You were the one that was dishonest." So, see, we as brothers and sisters, listen, we want to clear everything. We don't want anything holding us back because God wants to walk with you and he wants to walk with you daily. But when he brings you into a situation and you see this this this thing that's happening with you, just remember God's trying to show you something deeper than just the wall that you hit. Go quiet. Start talking to the Lord. I'll go on. Book of James says, "If there's any sick among you, let him call for the elders of the church and let them pray over them, anointing them with oil." We all know this. We believe this. Who believes this? We do it. I see it happen every Sunday. Okay, we'll go on. He says, "And the prayer of the faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise them up. And if they have committed sins, they shall be forgiven." Done. Full stop. Not maybe, but uh if they committed sins, it's done. I strike it off. But remember who you sinned against, cuz that's the whole thing I want to say. If you haven't sinned against God, God has no beef with you. Listen to what I say. He's not going to drag you over the coals. He wants you to first go to that person and make it right. And then come before him. He's not. Because it has to be you wronged that person. You didn't wrong God. He just broke maybe one of his things. But that's what the blood is for. Go fix it up with that person. Even if they don't know, fix it up. Get rid of the ticket. Okay. He says, "Confess your faults one to another and pray one another that you might be healed and the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availth much." So here's the antidote. Pray for one another. Confess your sins. Brother Ben, sorry I didn't answer your phone call today. I really just couldn't, you know, but forgive me anyways. He goes, "Ah, it's just a phone call. Don't worry." But stuff like that shouldn't even be between believers. We should just get any little thing. Get it out, man. Kick that devil out. Don't give him any wiggle room. Don't hand out tickets. Don't make deals. This is all deals that he wants to hold. And at the day of judgment, he wants to come with his little snickering cell going to go see God, he did this. Get rid of it. If you're looking at something that you shouldn't be looking online, get rid of it. It's adultery anyways. If you if you if you're backbiting or or or gossiping and all those things, you know what? Stop it. Say, "Lord, I don't want to do it. Get rid of it. Get rid of it. Go to that brother and say, "Hey, brother Isaac, I use you always example because I know you can take it." Or, "Brother Ed, this one, I told you you can't pass left-handed, but it was behind your back. Sorry, bro. You know, I didn't mean it." And that I'm faster than you. We all know that's a lie. Okay? But stuff like that shouldn't hold you away from God. Get rid of it. It's tickets. We don't want tickets. We don't want tickets. We got sick among us. We believe the scripture. We've got people coming here for healing. Anything that could hinder it, let's get rid of it tonight. Get rid of it. I'm not calling for a a big fall at the altar, try and cry out, and that's not me. Just, you know, when God's speaking to you, I knew when God was getting my attention, I had to get rid of it. I promise you when you get rid of it, when that goes, oh, you don't know what it does. It make it it brings you up to a place where you go, Lord, I should have done this a long time ago. But all the devil wanted you to know is it's too hard. It's too hard. You shouldn't do this. Cuz that's all he has is is that little lies that he tells you, don't tell her. You're going to hurt her. You're going to hurt her, man. But when I said those words, just this weight just went and now I know there's nothing between me and my wife. There's nothing between me and my Lord. There's nothing between me and my brothers. Whatever was there is just gone. I can walk. I can breathe. I can take my word and I say, "Lord, you said there's no condemnation. I ask whatever I want. You will give it to me cuz I'm in fellowship with you. It's a nice place to be. Has the trial stopped? Nope. That the changing year? 100%. 100%. I can testify to it. He says, "Wherefore I desire ye not. Faint not at the tribulations for you, which is your glory. So when I send you a trial, I'm going to glorify you through that. I'm going to show you that is for your best. Strike it off, man. For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father and our Lord Jesus Christ, whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named. What is your name? Jesus Christ. Have you ever thought about it? He was righteous as God is righteous. He's saying it in the book of Ephesians. God don't lie. He says that he would grant you according to his riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. So he's not interested in anything else but that very very personal relationship in there. And whatever is holding Jesus Christ out of that heart, strike it off. Strike it off. If there is anything that comes to mind, anything that the Lord is showing you, strike it off. Don't let it linger. Strike it off. Because you'll find yourself coming to the same mountain at the same time until God strikes that thing off. Because his very intention is to get rid of that so that you can walk in purity before God. I'll close with this. Can you put up Psalm 103, please, Talio? I'll give you a heads up. No, this is not a look, this is not a heavy sermon. This is a light sermon. If there is nothing nothing that somebody can bring before you, what place are you at? What place are you at? When there's nothing that you hide from your husband or your wife or your brother or your pastor or the deacons, the deacons, there's nothing. And the devil comes before God and he goes, we'll say God is there because he's high and lifted up and devil is here. And here you stand before God and here comes Satan and he goes, "But God, he he did He did nothing. God says, "Yep." He said, "Well, Satan, what's that in your pocket?" Satan turns around and he goes, "Oh." God says, "You did everything cuz he applied my blood." How would that day be when you stand in the very presence of a pure God and where the littlest of sin is the biggest darkest blot in his presence and you have nothing because you applied the sacrifice? How great is that? Let's get rid of it. I say let's get rid of it. Let's not keep any. If there's anything, just clear it. Get rid of it. Don't have to Don't have to repent for 10 years. Just get rid of it. say, "God, you know what? I've wronged brother Arman. I said he's got a big nose." I'll go straight to him. Don't worry. I've forgiven you. All of you say it's a big nose. It's true. And he'll go to him and say, "Forgive me, brother, cuz I love you." I go, "Never did it in the first place. Let's walk on. There's bigger stuff than this." Psalm 103. You can open your word, open your Bibles, read the psalm with me, and we'll close with that. Mos, you can come forward. It's a prayer meeting tonight. See, what happens is when when I hit the wall and God started showing me what was going on in my life, it set not just me free, it made me free. And now I can stand and I can look at my wife and I can look at brother Ed, which is one of my best buddies, and brother Ben, and I would say with honest of heart, look at these two men and say, "There's nothing between me and you. I love you both with an unconditional love. Brother Matt and Brother Isaac and all of you, Brother Davey and Jonno and Ruben and them, I can look at you and I can say, "Brother MO, it's nothing between us. We just I just love you." Even if you say sorry and you don't mean it. Hey, you started it. It's a cool feeling, man. You You can't I can't explain it to you. it. I Let me just be our mad ones. Okay, come on. You all know I'm quirky. It's such a cool feeling if somebody stands in front of you and you look at them and you look at them and you go, I see nothing but love. I see nothing but love. There's nothing against you. There's nothing against you, sister. There's nothing against you, Sister Landy. Nobody, Sister um Tabitha and and uh Sister Ping. I look at you and there's nothing against you. Not one bad word. I don't care. I just have nothing. I just put love for all of you. Brother Phiney, huh? Sister Chippy. I used to not greet her and then she gave me a pox. Now I greet her all the time because she's worthy to be greeted at least. So there's nothing. So when Satan comes to you and says there's something, you say, "Shut up. I applied the blood. It's done." And then when he comes before God as the accuser of the brethren, I would just like to see his face on that day where he runs up and he gets before God and he goes, "Oh dear." Okay, let's go back there. I just failed. Isn't that what we want to do? Well, let's do it. Clear it out. Psalm 101. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Forget not all his benefits. Hello. Listen to his benefits. Who forgiveth all thine iniquities, who healeth all thy diseases, who redeemth thy life from destruction, who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies. What is his purpose for you? To restore, fully restore. He says to satisfy thy mouth with good things. How many of us needs a bit of satisfying our mouths with good things? Hey, so that their youth is renewed like eagles. So you can run down the road like sister Shannon for and brother Isaac for kilometers. Re get your youth back. Don't come into church and feel old and you drag yourself in. But be young and good again, man. Strong. It's how Caleb was before he took his mountain. The Lord executed righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed. He does it. He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts to all the children of Israel. The Lord is merciful and gracious, slow to anger and plenteous in mercy. Reach out. He will not always chide. Neither will he keep his anger forever. He hath not dealt with us after our own sins, nor rewarded us according to our iniquities. For as heaven is high above the earth, so great is the mercy toward them that fear him. It's a godly fear. As far as the east is from the west, so far he has removed the transgressions from us. Like as a father pity for children, so the Lord pity them that fear him. For we know our frame, and you remember that we are dust. What a great God. For a man in his days are the grass and the flower of the field, and he flourishes, but the wind passes over, and it is gone, and the place thereof shall know it no more. But the mercy of the Lord is for the everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness unto his children's children, to such as keep his covenant, and for those that remember his commandments to do them. The Lord hath prepared his throne in the heavens, and his kingdom ruleth over all. Bless the Lord, yes, his angels, and excel in strength. that do his commandments and hearken unto the voice of his word. Bless ye the Lord, all ye host, ye ministers of his, and do his pleasure. Bless the Lord all his works and all his places of the dominion. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. David knew how to repent, and that's why he was a mighty man of God's own heart. Amen. We got some prayer requests tonight. I'm going to pray for us all. If you just bow your heads and we'll go into a a a prayer after this, but I just want to close the service here and say if you all would just bow your heads and mus if you can play while bowing your heads. If you can't just stop playing, but I want you to bow your heads and just close your eyes. I'm not looking either. This is a moment between you and God. If there's anything, and I know we all have something, I raise both my hands that you think that the Lord would deal with you with or busy dealing with, I encourage you, brother. I encourage you, sister. Go to the fountain of life. Go and say, "Lord, I come. I'm not going to entertain anything anymore. I will put even everything to side, Lord, until I find, Lord, that you have forgiven me and I've stricken off the sin that the devil has put against me. If it's a ought against a brother or a sister or even against a a family member or somebody you know, Lord, you guys know, just let it go. Brothers and sisters, put it down. If you if you if it is something really serious, I encourage that you would ask the Lord now. How he worked with me is he he kind of I said Lord if this is you speaking I asked that you would confirm it for me and show me in your scripture Lord that it is you speaking and I went back and I asked for the sign of Gideon and Gideon sign was given but recently all I said is Lord put your finger on that sin and make your light holy light shine upon that so it's so dark that it will blot out everything around me so I know that is what you want to deal with. If you have any unconfessed sin before God, I pray that you would raise your hand and he would say, "Lord, help me by raising my hand to go and fix this in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and make this right to strike it off anything that the devil has against me. Cuz the day of judgment, I do not want to stand there, Father. I want everything clean between my Lord and my Savior. And I want to be able to approach your throne room at any time to come into your holy presence, Father, under the shed blood of the lamb. And I ask that you would place it there. In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we'll pray now. Say, Lord, we all have our hands lifted up, Lord. I'm sure of it, Lord. I'm not watching. But I want to ask Lord that if there's any sin between our Lord and our Savior, Lord, anything that's there between us and you, Father, tonight we just raise our hands in acknowledgement to say, Lord, we ain't perfect. We're all just sinners, Lord, and unworthy. But Lord, your blood, oh Father, your blood is so great and your kindness and mercy is so great that you would be so mindful of us that you would come our way tonight, Lord, and say, "You've never did it in the first place, my son and my daughter. You are forgiven. Go and sin no more." Oh Lord, because we don't want to be like that woman that carried that sin all the way to the grave. We want to get rid of everything right now. So we ask in the name of Jesus Christ, would you just show us, Lord, what is that thing that would either hinder our walk with you, Father? Oh Lord, would you just release from it now, Lord, and and make us clean through the shed blood of your your son, Lord, that died and was crucified for us, Lord, where this bride that you've given us was burned from his side, from his side, unleashed, Lord, when they they took that spear and they pierced his side. Lord, that blood and that water, that tears, that broken heart was flowing for me, Father, and for my sins. I ask Lord that it would just clean us now white as snow and Lord that there be no condemnation between us and you Lord. Father and whatever we need to do Lord let us do it speedingly Lord because we know the day of your visitation is at hand and Lord we are waiting for that day to take that rapture. So we pray for your forgiveness Lord in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Amen. I don't know if there was any prayer request. Did anybody put prayer requests on the brothers and sisters? Brother Ed, did you see anything? [Music] No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelu on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, [Music] I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. Death defeating promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. [Music]
