################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - 1405-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-14
Title:    1405-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gc4mRKd3POw
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. [Music] God bless you saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Let's just stand this evening as we open in a word of prayer. Just bow our heads. Thank you, Lord, for this wonderful evening you've given us, Lord. And that we could all come here into your house, Lord, to hear from you once again, Lord. And Lord, I pray that as we've come, Lord, with our hearts prepared, Lord Jesus, I pray you speak to our hearts tonight, Lord. Lord, you know every need amongst us, Lord Jesus, spoken or unspoken, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you just meet every need in this place tonight, Lord. Lord, I pray you be with those that couldn't make it this evening. Be their portion, Lord. Be with them wherever they are, Lord. And Lord, I pray that th for those that are sick and body as well. May you just heal them, Lord Jesus. And I pray you be with the minister, Brother Ben, as he comes and he speaks to us, Lord. May you just speak through him, Lord Jesus. May you just be an open vessel to you, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you just we just want to thank you, Lord, that you are with us, Lord. That you've given us that scripture that says where two or three are gathered in your name, you'd be there in the midst, Lord. And Lord, we come believing that tonight, Lord Jesus. And as we worship your name this evening, Lord Jesus, may you just take it up, Lord Jesus. And you pray in Jesus name. Amen. Start with the chorus. Oh, delight yourself in Lord the person at the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord or delight. Delight yourself in [Applause] Lord. the person at the center of our face. Hold delight yourself and see him face to face. Hold yourself Lord regardless of what I see or what the enemy tries to take from me. God will sing his praise. And as I stand unshaken, step past [Music] me. He is the open door. To every place I've never been before that I delight myself in it. Delight yourself in it. Delight yourself in the Lord. The person at the center of about me still yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself. Bring out the song how I fear. As I'll break loose and sing, God will sing his praise. [Music] As our Lord descends at the end of days and he gives me everything beyond all that I could ever dream. I delight myself in it. Delight yourself in it. Delight yourself in the Lord. The person at the center of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the Lord or delight. Delight yourself in the Lord. The person at the center of our face. Delight yourself is seeing face to face. Delight yourself. As I delight myself in it, every battle I fight, I win. As I delight myself in it, every battle I as I delight myself in it. Every battle I fight, I win. As I delight myself in him, every battle delight yourself in the Lord. Person of our faith. Delight yourself and see him face to face. Delight yourself in the [Music] Lord. We just get the guitar maybe a little louder in the fallbacks, [Music] please. Oh, God. And now is the time to worship. Oh God, now is the time to give your [Music] heart just as you are to worship. Oh God, just as you are before your God. Oh, one day tongue will confess to our God. One day every knee will bow. Some great treasure remains [Music] for you to know. Oh, one day. Oh, one day every song will confess to our love. One day every name will bow. [Music] So the greatest treasure remains for those who gladly choose you [Music] now. Now is the time to worship. [Music] Oh, God. Now is the time to give [Music] your just as you are to share. Oh, just as you are before [Music] your one day every song will promise you. One day every day will still treasure for you [Music] to surren around me. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] with soul mind and strength. We gladly choose you now. God, now is the time to worship. Come. Now is the time to give your Oh, God. [Music] Oh, this beast that our rings of hope that's in the blood. His future grace that's mine today. There Jesus Christ lives one so I can face tomorrow for tomorrows in your hands. And all I need you will provide just like you always have. Cuz I'm fighting a battle. You've already won. No matter what comes my way. I will come. I don't know what you'll do, but I know what you've done. [Music] I'm fighting a battle. You've already [Music] won. There's mercy in the way of today. And when it's gone, I know you're love. You are my hope and [Music] safe. So when the sea is raing, your spirit is my help. I'll fix my eyes on Jesus. I'll say that it is well. Oh, I know that cuz I'm fighting. You [Music] already No matter what comes my way, I will come. I don't know what to do, but I know what to do. I'm fighting the best for you. I know how the story ends. We will be with you [Music] again. You're my savior, mighty man. [Music] No more fear in life. I know how story end. I know how the story [Applause] ends. We will be with you again. You're my savior. You're my savior, [Music] mighty. No more. [Music] you already. [Music] No matter what I [Music] will do, but I know what [Music] you Fighting a battle. You are you are fighting the battle. I'm fighting the battle. You already won. No matter what comes my way, I will come. I don't know what you're doing. But I know what you've done. I'm in the back. But all you already own. [Music] This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. And all I have within me, I give you praise. And all that I adore, I adore is in you. is in [Music] you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you, Lord. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord have your way in me, Lord. I give my I give my soul. I live for you. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. This is my desire to all you. Oh my heart. I worship [Music] you and all I have within me. I give you praise and all that I know that I adore. [Music] Lord I give you I give my [Music] soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm [Music] awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your way in me. Amen. Is it your heart's desire? Every moment, Lord, come live. Have your way. Have your preeminence, Lord. Amen. God bless you. Thanks, brother Josh. Thanks, musicians. Amen. Good evening, everyone. Good to see everyone here tonight. Amen. God bless you all. Amen. We're going to turn to the scripture tonight. Amen. We're going to go to um I want to go to Job chapter 38. Read a couple of familiar scriptures here. So, sorry I don't have a slideshow. I know. Again, um Job 38 and we're going to read verses 3-7. And then we're going to go to Revelations 13 and verse 8. Just going to read that one verse there. Amen. Everyone everyone well tonight? Everyone good? Happy to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So this is the Lord answering answering Job here. He says, "Good up now thy loins like a man, for I demand of thee an answer and answer thou me. Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare if thou hast understanding. Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest, or who hath stretched out the lines upon it? Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? Or who laid the cornerstone thereof? When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy. Praise the Lord. And we're just going to go to Revelations 13 and verse 8, just one uh one verse here. And um Amen. And then we're going to Amen. So, Revelations 13 and:e 8, very applicable, of course, to the age and time that we live. It says here, um, this is incredible scripture. You think about it. The whole world, all that dwell upon the earth, that's a lot of people. That's a lot of, but there's a group that won't. and all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of of life of the lamb slain from the foundation of the world. Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Amen. We've got one particular need uh tonight. Um Christine's grandma Nancy is in hospital, double pneumonia, had a heart attack this afternoon. She's not apparently she's bouncing back, but keep her in prayer. And if you have a need, you just want to slip your hand up to the Lord. Say, "Lord, remember me." Amen. And let's pray. Gracious Father, Lord, we desire more than anything that you'd have your way in us. Have your way in me, Lord Jesus. Come and live, Lord. Be glorified in our lives, Lord, as we walk this, Lord, this pilgrimage along this earth until you take us home. Father, we want to just come before you this night, Lord, with thanksgiving, Lord, that you are alive, Lord. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. It thrills our soul, Lord, to know that you're not a God of history, Lord, but you're the present I am, Lord. you're here to fulfill your word, Lord, and to watch over our lives and to fill your word in our lives, Lord. And I pray, Father, for the service. May you come, Lord. We've read your word, Lord. But we need you, the great author, Lord, the great author of the book to step forth and anoint your word, Lord. Anoint both speaker and hearer, Lord. Touch every life. And we especially want to remember, Lord, Sister Nancy up in Taranga, dear God. Father, in hospital, not in a good way, but Lord, we lift her into your presence by prayer, praying you'd touch her body and raise her up, dear God. Father, give her strength. And I so thankful that you are her God, Lord. You're her shepherd, Lord. Father, you're there with her in the hospital, Lord. So may you continue to bless her and keep her there. We thank you, Father. Raise her up for your good pleasure, Lord. All the other needs that are behind our upraised hands, Lord. May you meet them, Lord, according to your riches and glory, Lord. We submit all of our needs at your feet now. And we thank you for the answer, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can uh have your seats tonight. So I want to I want to talk about the uh uh the before you know brother Brandham speaks about how there was a you know he was at a Pentecostal meeting and uh you know early in his ministry there's an old man got up and you know everyone was preaching about what happened down upon the earth but then an old brother got up and said I'm going to preach to you about what happened up in heaven before anything ever started. So, we're going to kind of go along the horizontal rainbow. God, you know, Lord willing, and then uh, you know, I think maybe we'll have a jubilee because I think it's very important that when we look at life, we really kind of zoom out, you know, cuz life is full of instances and troubles and particular moments. And if we if we forget the big picture in the moment, we kind of miss the whole picture, you know, like we read that or we sung that song, um, you know, uh, I'm fighting a battle, you've already won. And this is just me. I like to sing it. I know what you're doing because I know what you've done. Amen. What did he do? He purchased my salvation on Calvary. He has redeemed me by his blood. So therefore, everything I'm going through, every battle, every trial is to mold me and shape me. This that that his character is formed in my life. So I can say, I know what you're doing, Lord, because you're you're using this particular moment to reveal yourself to form your character in me, Lord. So I know what you're doing. Amen. Amen. That's how I like to sing it. That's me. Amen. But you know, cuz I know what you've done. Amen. So here we have Job and I find it very interesting as Job is standing there or you know sitting on his ash heap and his friends have been accusing him and they've gone back and forth and back and forth and then finally the Lord himself steps into the conversation. It's interesting that God never tells him look Job the reason you're going through this is because I had a testimony meeting with your enemy and my enemy he came up before my throne. You know, Satan came up before God's throne and you know, God pointed Job out to the enemy saying, "You're a perfect man." And so God never told Job, "Listen, Job, our enemy came up before me and I pointed you out to him and I declared what I see in you, Job, that you're a perfect man. And the whole reason that you've gone through this great calamity and loss, and you've lost your children, your livestock, and you now broke out in boils, and all these things, the very reason this has happened is because there's a contest between me and Satan." Amen. But you know, but he never explained it like that. He just began to ask Job, "Where were you in the beginning? Where were you when I laid the foundation of the world? Where were you when I put down the cornerstone and I begin to build everything and the morning stars shouted and the sons of God shouted for joy, where were you, Job?" So he doesn't explain to Job in the particular moment what's going on. But he gets Job to look back before there was a foundation. Job, you were in me, Job. Amen. And he and he and and I believe the reason he answers this way is because he wants you to see it's more than the moment of life you're in. I mean, it's more than the battle you're facing. It's more than the trouble you're looking at. More than the giants in your life or whatever the obstacle or thing that you're going through. It's more than that. Amen. It's the before that matters. Amen. Because where you started is where you're going to end. Amen. So if you started in the mind of God, you're going back to God. Amen. So if you started in eternity, you're going back to eternity. Amen. And that's the reason this message found you as God is telling you, listen, you came from my mind. You're expressed in time. Now you're going back to me. Hallelujah. So Job, you know, God was telling Job, Job, you were there before the foundation of the world. Job, you're in my mind. You're in my thinking. And Job, I didn't see you on the ash heap. You know, when I thought of you, Job, I didn't see you as you are in this particular moment in time. Because we'll have our ups and downs. We'll have our trials. We'll have our days where we think all is lost or how I could ever be saved and all these different things. And we'll have our moments on the mountain and in the valley, but you got to go beyond those things. Amen. That's why God told Job, Job, you were shouting, rejoicing when I was building everything. Amen. You watched me do it in my mind. Amen. So, so God was telling Job, listen, Job, before this trial ever came, you were shouting. Amen. So, what you're going through in time, remember, Brother Bram says that time is a little hickey on eternity, right? So it goes a perfect circle. Then there's a hickey. There's a bump. But eventually the bump comes to an end and eternity rolls on. Amen. So as we go from eternity through this hickey of time, we're going back into eternity again. Amen. When God eradicates sin, gets rid of the devil, burns it all up, and he pulls this hickey back into a perfect circle of eternity rolling on. Because you know what I love about God is because you know, before there ever was an enemy, there was a remedy. Amen. Before there ever was a problem, there was a solution. Before there ever ever was a sickness, there was a healing. Amen. Before there's ever a, you know, something lost, there was a savior. Before there ever was a trouble, there was a solution. Before there ever was a devil, amen, there was God. Amen. And as all conquering power within him. Before the enemy ever became the enemy, God was God. And before the devil ever came into existence, you were in God's mind. Amen. You were before the devil. Amen. You weren't after the devil. you were before him. Amen. As God's thoughts. Now, it's amazing how the devil, he tries to change things in time. What God has already done in eternity. That's impossible. What God has done in eternity will continue to be back into eternity. It doesn't matter how bad it gets in time. There's nothing the devil can do against God's eternal thoughts that can stop those thoughts coming to manifestation. Amen. To live out what it says it is. Amen. So I say friends, you're going to look at yourself and say I'm an eternal eternal thought of God. Amen. I'm part of his book. I'm part of him. Amen. I'm I'm just an expression of his word in this end time. Amen. So So if I was the eternal thought of God and God thought of me rejoicing, shouting round the throne, worshiping him. Amen. There's nothing the devil can do in time that can stop me going back into what God thought me to be. Amen. It's like the woman at the well. Amen. The Lord Jesus went by his way of Samaria. You know, he said to his disciples, I need to go to Samaria. Why? Cuz he had an attribute that he saw before the foundation world shouting. That was the woman at the well. Now, as the woman at the well in her in her state before the Messiah came her way, she wasn't expressing the worship that he saw her do before the foundation of the world. But then God, Jesus, you know, our Lord Jesus went by her way and began to speak to her about her life and reveal to her who he was. That's why you know she said we know where Messiah cometh he will tell us all things and he said plainly I am he. Amen. So what happened is God God found her in this state of broken you know broken cycles of trying to find love in all the wrong places and rejection and hurt and pain and broken hearts. That was the condition he found her in. But when he thought of her, she wasn't in that condition. Amen. So how he thought of her was not how uh was exactly how she was going to end up. Yeah. Hallelujah. Are you with me? I trust I'm not getting that back to front cuz I know I'm, you know, it's what I mean sometimes, not what I say cuz sometimes it's all back to front, you know. But you know what I mean. He saw her shouting, rejoicing when he laid the foundations of the world. When he found her in time, she wasn't in that condition yet, but her soul was was ordained to be in that condition. So when the Lord Jesus spoke to her, said that the father seeketh such to worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. So basically he was saying to her, "Listen, the father's seeking you. This is why I've come to you." Amen. Because you're a true worshshiper of God. You don't know it yet, but this is who you truly are. Amen. That's why the word came open to her and she saw that this is the Messiah, more than a prophet, more than a healing campaign, more than a church, more than a nice doctrine. It's Messiah himself came her way. And her eyes came said, "We have found the Messiah has found me." What did she turn into? what she was meant to be a worshshiper in spirit and in truth. Hallelujah. You know, you're that woman at the well. Amen. You think about you're that woman at the well. Amen. Cuz when God thought of you, he thought of you shouting, rejoicing, praising his name. That's what he thought of you. Amen. So how he thought of you, how you started is how you're going to end. Amen. You're not going to end up in a different way. It doesn't matter what the devil tries to do to you. Amen. And he did a lot of damage to her life. But that damage was temporal. It was an eternal work. Amen. It could not be eternal. It was a temporal thing that had to be changed. Amen. Cuz how God thought of her, he said, "I'm going to make her how I thought of her." Amen. So as soon as she saw Messiah, she dropped her water pot, dropped her old life, and she became a worshshiper in spirit and in truth. Hallelujah. Praise our God. Amen. And the devil can't change what God has done in eternity because before there ever was sickness, there was healing. I just want to you think about now because he was slain before the foundation of the world. So God before the foundation of the world slew the lamb. And when he slew the lamb, he wrote your name in his book. Amen. Let's go to um Luke chapter 10, shall we? Amen. Because to me, if if the Lord can just drop it in our heart maybe a little bit more, I come from him. I'm going back to him. I'm part of him. My name's on his book and nothing can take it off. Hallelujah. Then then I believe it'll give us his greatest stability in life. Amen. Now, so Luke Luke chapter 10 and from verse 17. Now Luke 10:17, we're over here. Luke 10. Yes. 17-22. He says, "And the 70 returned again with joy." So the Lord Jesus has sent them out to cast out devils, heal the sick, raise the dead. Right. So now they come back and they've and and and you returned again with joy, saying, "Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name." And he said unto them, "I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven." And brother Ram says that as the church was endued with power, Satan fell from a position. As the church is being raised up in power, he says, "Behold, I give you power to chew on serpent uh serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by anyone uh means hurt you. Notwithstanding in this, rejoice not that spirits are subject unto you, but rather rejoice because your names are written in heaven." So, he's basically saying, "Yes, sure, rejoice." He's saying, don't just rejoice in this. There's a greater thing for you to rejoice in. So don't just rejoice in the temporal victories. Amen. Rejoice in the eternal things. Amen. That your names are written in heaven. Now, I understand Judas was there. I understand his name was taken off God's book, but his name wasn't on the lamb's book of life. It was just on the book of life. Let's not dwell on the negative. Let's dwell on the positive. Our names are written on the lamb's book of life. Amen. And nothing the devil can do can scrub that name off. I say even even to the elect, there's nothing the elect can do that can scrub their name off the book. That may be a strong statement, but I believe it's true. Amen. Because God cannot God cannot take a name off his elected book. Amen. What his if he's put your name in his lamb's book of life, it it will remain. And you'll come to a place in your life where you realize my name is written in heaven. Amen. So that before the enemy ever was, Amen. I was. Hallelujah. So he says, "Rejoice that your names are written in heaven." Don't rejoice that the you know spirits are subject to you, but rather rejoice because your names are written in heaven. Amen. To show that yo, we should rejoice in the fact that before there ever was a devil. I know I'm repeating myself. I want this to anchor in. Before there ever was an enemy, I was. Amen. So there's nothing the devil can do because remember, if I was before him, I'm going to be after him. Amen. Because there'll come a time where the accuser of the brethren is burnt up, destroyed. He's no more. Amen. He can't accuse no more. He's in the lake of fire. And then he will be eradicated into nothing. But after that moment, I still will be. Amen. He will be no more, but I will still be. Amen. I'll be praising God, rejoicing around the throne, but our enemy will be destroyed. He'll be nothing. Hallelujah. Amen. I think we can rejoice in this. we can, you know, because we're to see that the that that that God's redeeming grace is so great upon you and I. It is so great. It's not a little thing. It's a very great thing. Amen. Because remember Job when you know God God showed Job um you know the morning stars shouting, the sons of God singing for joy. Amen. God was showing Job not only who he was, but also he's showing him the oldest religion that there ever is. Amen. We don't have some fandangled new thing going on. Shouting, rejoicing, praising God. It's the oldest religion there is. Amen. A genuine eternal shouting, praising God, worshiping God and spirit and truth religion. That's the oldest one. That's the only true kind there is. Amen. Amen. The intellectual understanding one. It ain't the original one. No. The revelation in your heart burning. You praise God because of that. Amen. That's the original one. Hallelujah. Amen. I don't have the scripture on me, but if you read when Solomon dedicates the temple, it would speak about those ones who play instruments and things and and it said that David furnished those men, those instruments. And then it says that and then then David, he said he said he said David was praised or the praise of David came through those people. That's what the scripture says. Amen. Now, we don't The praise of King David doesn't come through us, but the the praise of the son of David, Jesus Christ, comes through his people. Amen. Why? Cuz we've been furnished with garments of praise. Amen. Not a temporary garment. Amen. But an eternal garment. Amen. We've been we've been dressed. Amen. That your God is God has changed our vocal cords just right. Amen. To make us sound pleasing unto him. Hallelujah. Hey, you could sing like me, but God still loves it if it's under the blood. Amen. Why? Cuz he's given us the right chords. He's given us the right instrument. Amen. Why? Cuz he's cleansed us. He's furnished us. Amen. That his praise would be manifested through us. Hallelujah. You say, "Well, I got nothing." No, you got everything. Amen. You've been furnished to praise the Lord. You've been dressed to praise him. Amen. You've been made to praise him. That's what you've been built to do. Amen. that God would make a people that worship him not out of a not out of a um a job like the angels, but out of love, but out of a relationship, out of revelation. Never ever let the devil diminish the revelation God's put in your soul. Amen. Where you're a son or daughter of God, God's redeemed you. Amen. Calvary is no longer a story. It's a reality. Amen. That the blood was real. Amen. That you know he rose out of the tomb because he's given you the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Never let the devil diminish that in your heart. Amen. No, it's a reality. Amen. And with that, you can worship God in spirit and in truth. Hallelujah. We have a right to worship God. You say, "I don't feel like it. It don't matter what you feel." Amen. Cuz that's why God wanted Job to see Job. You're feeling down. You're feeling in pain. You're feeling lost. All these troubles and things. But Job, look beyond that. Where were you, Job? Amen. Because we don't worship God based on our feelings. See, see, God wants us to walk by faith, not by feelings, not by imagination, not by reasoning. Faith is not reasonable to the carnal mind. It is not reasonable. You see, if we went by reason, would we say, "Well, I'm too tired. I'm too I'm too busy. I'm too this. I'm too that." But we cast down that reasoning. Or, "I feel sore. I feel tired. I feel distracted." Put those things to one side. I mean, I don't I don't walk with those. See, there's a pressure always to walk with those things because the five senses declare a lot of things. But we're here to walk by faith. We're here to worship by revelation, by faith, not by what the five senses declare. Amen. Because remember the five, remember your your feelings will go up and down like the weather. It'll be worse than the weather in Oakuckland. It changes four seasons in one day. If you've ever lived there, you know what I'm talking about. I live there. I know what I'm talking about. Right? But you see, it'll change up and down. happy, sad, lost, found, rejoicing, defeated, whatever. That's your feelings, right? But you got to go beyond the feelings and go and God says, "Where were you?" Hallelujah. You are with me. Amen. That's why the Holy Ghost has come upon your life is God is showing you you're my child. Hallelujah. Amen. It is your faith confirmed. Amen. Just like Abraham's faith was confirmed by circumcision. So God, he doesn't give us that circumcision. He gives us a circumcision of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So that what is that? That's God confirming your faith. Amen. So if God's confirmed my faith, if he's received my faith, Amen. And he gave me that faith, how can I ever be lost? He's confirmed, my child, your destination is sure. Hallelujah. Your destination is sure. Sure, you have your ups and downs and lefts and rights and troubles, but your destination is sure. Amen. Cuz I have received your faith that I gave you in the beginning. So, where were you? Well, I've had a week, but where were you? Before the foundation of the world. That's why this message has gripped your life because God is telling you, you were with me. Amen. Because he's looking for his attributes. He's looking for his people. Hallelujah. This makes me happy. This makes me happy because sometimes I don't feel like it. Sometimes I do, but you know, you know, sometimes the devil pins you in a corner, but hey, you just God says, "Where were you? This trial is not who you are. The trials aren't here to identify you. You're not you're not defined by your trials. You're defined by the word of God. Amen. By what he's done in your life, you know, by who you are in him rather. That you know, that's who you are. You're a son and daughter of God, right? Praise the Lord. So before there was a devil, our names are written in the lamb's book of life. Brother Bram says there's the devil does not have enough rubbing compound to rub our names off that book. Amen. So how? Because you say, "Well, how do I know my name's on the book?" God put a faith in your soul that says this word is true. Amen. Praise the Lord. I think we could just go shouting for a while now. Amen. Because you got to realize why did why why is this message alive to you? It's more than being raised in it. Because there's got to come a time where the light turns on. The fire falls. Amen. And God begins to move in your life and you see, hey, this is not my daddy or mommy's religion. This is my religion. Amen. This is my walk with God. Not their walk with God. This is my walk with God. Hallelujah. Amen. You know what I love about the um you know there's Let's go to Romans chapter 3. How we doing? We're doing okay. Let's let's go to Romans chapter 3. I think we should just plow into these things. Amen. You look at you know look how good the Lord is. Amen. Where were you before you you were there? I don't remember it. Yeah. We were in his mind. That's how God thought of you. That's why when the spirit of God begins to move on your life, you begin to read the word. It comes alive. There's a praise comes out. Holy or what? He's actually God showing you a glimpse of what you were before the foundation of the world. Amen. Where are we? Romans 3 24:25. Are we in three? Yes. 24:25. Whom God hath set forth. Sorry, 24. I was reading 25. 24. being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus, whom God has set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are passed through the forbearance of God. Now I like that I like that first verse we read there being justified freely by his grace. Now when God when God asked Job where you were he told he says you were with me Job in my mind. Now brother makes a statement about being justified. He says justification is far more than if you heard me just say you heard heard that I went drinking and I did this and did that and then you came and talked to me about it and I said no I never did that. And then you'd say to me well I forgive you. And you say well for what do you mean forgive me? I never did it in the first place. I'm justified now. Where is the first place? See, the first place isn't in time. The first place isn't when you were born or when you hit age of accountability. The first place is in the mind of God. I never did it in the first place. I never did it when he when he when he thought of me before the foundation of the world. He saw me justified, sinless, perfect, made in his image. That's how he saw me. Amen. So justification reveals you never did it in the first place. He said how God thought of you before the foundation of the world. That is what justification shows. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. It's more than just being forgiven. Sure, we are freely forgiven. But it's deeper than just because if you're forgiven, that means there's still evidence that can be against you. But if you're justified, you never did there because you never did it. Right? It's like if you heard me speeding down the road at 160, but I never did it. Doesn't matter how much, you know, accusation came against me. If I never did it, if I was never there, then I never did it. I trust this is going across tonight. Amen. So, he's saying, "You never did it in the first place." Well, where were you in the first place? Shouting for joy in the mind of God. Hallelujah. Never. Well, you say, "Well, what's got to happen with sin then?" Well, what I love about sin is is it's got to be answered for. I remember. You see, the thing is what the blood does is is is it takes the sin that was done in time and it transfers it the blood transfers it off your account onto the account of the devil. Amen. We can see this in a very brief scene here when when when God calls Adam and Eve and the serpent to judgment, right? God starts off with Adam. Adam blame blames Eve. Eve blames the serpent. The serpent turns and he's got no one to blame. It all comes upon him, right? And then God closed Adam and Eve saying, "I'm going to undo what has happened here this day." Amen. But but but who does not walk away with a covering? The serpent. Amen. Why? Because the serpent had to wear what what what was done through him in the garden. Amen. So now we have this old serpent, the dragon. Amen. That that is the cause of every sin that's ever struck the human race. Because sin started in heaven in his heart. Before he became the dragon, he was he was Lucifer, right? The son of the morning. Then he fell, became the dragon. So sin started in his heart and then it spread through creation. So who's going to answer for everything? He is. He is. Amen. Why? Because now he's going to have to give an account. Remember, he's the accuser of the brethren. So he accuses you things you've done. brings memories, brings imaginations, brings your conscience, brings all kinds of things, tries to drag you down by them. Well, he does that to me. Okay? You see, why? Because he's the accuser of the brethren. That's his job. Tries to condemn you by things that you've put under the blood, right? Remember, because it just takes an honest confession. Lord, forgive me for doing that. And in God's eyes, well, he he can't even remember it anymore. It's gone. It's been washed off his books. It's completely gone. Amen. That's why it's so important you have faith that when you confess something sincerely into the blood of Jesus Christ, it's done. Amen. It's done. But where does it go? It goes off you onto him. Onto the one who caused it in the beginning. Amen. So, so now this is what the blood does. It transfers it all onto him. Amen. It's like brother Bram says about a, you know, the blood is like a the blood is like a drop of ink going into a tub of bleach. Breaks it down, you can't even find it no more. But who's got a answer for it? He says it goes on the head of the accuser who will carry it to the day of judgment. He'll then burn for it in the lake of fire. But in the first place, where were you? Shouting and rejoicing around the throne. Hallelujah. Let's just finish with with one more one more scripture, shall we? Let's go to Job uh chapter 19. Let's read this. He says this here. So, I'm going to go I know that Yeah, I'm sure we could all quote this, but but uh Job 19 and 25, he says this. Let's all read this together, shall we? For I know that my redeemer liveth, and he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth. Let's go to the next verse, shall we? And though my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God. We go to the next one. Whom I shall see for myself, mine eyes shall behold and not another. Though my reigns be consumed within me. Hallelujah. So dur dur during Job's great trial, he was looking to the end. Inspiration struck him, saying, I will stand one day. I know my redeemer liveth. Amen. Before this he said well man dies where does he go? He saw death burial resurrection in nature but a man he dies where does he go? But then the inspiration struck him saying in the latter days. Amen. My redeemer I'm going to stand with him. I'll see him with my own eyes. I'm going to see him. So so he could look forward but then God says look no I want to give you the whole picture Job. Where were you in the beginning? Hallelujah. Why? Because we can see our end. And the reason for our end is because of our beginning. Amen. So when you're going through a trial, you go through a hard time in life, you're going through something, you got to remember where was I before the foundation of the world. Amen. I was in God's mind. I was shouting and rejoicing. And you got to realize how God thought of me. This is my summary now. How God thought of me is how I'm going to end up. Right? And the reason that I can say I'm that is because now God has made me a worshshiper of him in spirit and in truth to begin to manifest that thought. Amen. Let's have the musicians please tonight. Amen. But where were you? I was with him. I know my redeemer liveth. Doesn't matter what happens on this earth. I will see him with my eyes. I will behold him and not another. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know what that word redeem means? It means never again exposed to sale. It's like a slave that's bought out of a market. But part of its meaning, so it's not just the purchase of it, but it also means that that that the person who's been bought will never be exposed to sale again. Amen. So if you're redeemed, you can never be sold. You can never be traded. You can never be lost. You can never fall into debt that you got to sell yourself into slavery no more. No. Never again I can be exposed to sale. Amen. I've been bought with the blood of Jesus Christ. Bought by a precious price. Amen. And I can never be lost. Amen. So I am redeemed by the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Doesn't make Doesn't that make you happy? You see, I'm going through trouble, but I can never be sold. Amen. I I am bought. I I'm not my own. Whose am I? Am I the devil's? No, sir. I am I am the Lord Jesus Christ. I belong to him. Doesn't matter how I feel, what I'm going through. I'm his. Amen. I can never be sold. I can never be traded. He's not trading his wife for nothing. He's not trading you for nothing. Your precious jewel and his crown. Amen. He loves you with an unfailing love. Amen. Never forget that. Amen. He loves you more than you realize. Amen. His blood was poured out and full cuz he loves you. Amen. He wants you to realize you are with me. Before the foundation of the world, you came from me. You're going back to me. Amen. So, what should we do every day? Lord, I want to worship you in spirit and in truth. Lord, I want to manifest what how you thought of me before the beginning. I want to manifest that every day. Does that mean I shout and jump and run about? Maybe. But it should be a worship. Lord, come and live. May my life be a worship. Everything I do be a worship unto you, Lord. how I treat others, how I treat myself, how I treat my brother or sister, whoever it is. May it be a worship to you, Lord. Amen. Let's stand, shall we, tonight. Amen. I actually wrote down some songs. Amen. I was singing that song. There is a name written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. Amen. It's not a new name written down in glory. That's not a correct thing. The name's already written. Amen. And God reveals your name's written there. I think we got I think we changed it, haven't we? Amen. Let's sing this. Um, Amen. I might just turn the service to you cuz I can't sing these things. Amen. Should we just let's just let's just pray. Hey, and then Josh just lead us in a praise, shall we? Amen. But okay, let you know, let's bow our heads. I just want to ask you a question. You say, you want Lord to make that you want the Lord to make that real to you? Amen. You ought to slip your hand up. Amen. Say, "Lord, I sincerely want to know that I was with you before the foundation of the world. Lord, may you put such a stability, such a rock of revelation in my heart that it doesn't matter what storms come, storms go, trouble comes, trouble goes, questions, whatever it may be, Lord, anxiety, what anything, Lord, whatever comes and goes, dear God, there's a rock solid foundation in my life that I know I came from you, Lord. and by your supreme grace I'm going back to you that I can't be lost because I'm part of you Lord Father I pray for everyone who's raised up their hands dear God I ask Father sincerely Lord for them dear God and myself as well Lord may anchor this down in our hearts Lord may we have heard these things many times but Lord I pray it'd be anchored down more solidified Lord Jesus that you sent this message to ask us a question where were you when I laid the foundation of the world and Lord Jesus you're giving the answer you are with me when I laid it you are shouting for joy and singing and praising. This is how I thought of you before the foundation of world and eternity. And how I thought of you is how you're going to end up when everything's said and done. Gracious Father, may you put this in our hearts, dear God, as we go, Father, into this week, Lord. May we just have such a joy, Lord, that Lord, of peace that passes all understanding because we belong to you, dear God. And Father, your blood is so great. You've redeemed us, Lord, in such completeness, Lord, that we can never be put on sail ever again, Father, because you bought us to keep us, Lord, to carry us away. We thank you, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, Josh. I'm going to Oh, I was lost in shame. did not get past my blame until he called my name. I'm so glad he changed me. Darkness held me down. But Jesus pulled me out and I'm no longer bound. I'm so glad he changed me. See, now a new creation comes. The is all this love. I live by faith of my son. There is a name that's written down in glory and is mine. Yes, it's mine. I'm in the author of my story and it's mine. This is mine. So that left me Jesus open my eyes. Now I see the light. I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. See it's all over me. I'm so glad he changed me. See, I now creation the old as I live by faith of my son. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I've been the author of my story and it's mine. Yes, mother. There is a name. There is a name that's written down in glory. And it's mine. This is mine. I've met the author of my story and it's mine. This is mine. I am who I am because the eye tells me I am who I am because the eye tells me why. I am who I am because the eye tells me I am. I am who I am because the eye tells me who I am. I am I [Music] am because [Music] the name written down in glory and it's mine just as mine. I'll be the author of my story and smile. Yes, as far as there is a name that turns it down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I've been the author of my story. And it's my is my name. There is a name that's written down in glory. And it's mine. Yes, it's mine. And I met the altar of my story. And it's mine. Yes, it's [Music] fine. Baby, it's got a if I am redeemed. Amen. Oh, I am redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I am redeemed that I know I am. I am redeeing by the blood of the lamb. Save from sin. And I know I am. All of my sins are taken away. Praise the Lord. My Lord and I, we got so close. So my Lord and I, we got so close. My Lord and I he goes. He filled me up with the Holy Ghost. All my sins are taken away. Praise the [Music] Lord. Then that's not [Music] all. There's more besides. And that's not all. There's more beside this for the side. And that's not all there is for beside. I'm into the river and I'm baptized. All of my sins are taken away. Praise the Lord. And now Satan's in his m. And I'm so glad. And now Satan's in his m. And I'm so glad. Now Satan is so he lost the s. All of my sins are taken away. Praise the [Music] Lord. So you can talk about me. All that you please. So you can talk about me. All that you please. See you can talk about me. All that you please. I'll walk around you down on my knees. All of my sins are taken away. Praise the Lord. Oh, you can talk about me. All that you please. So you can talk about me. All that you please. You can talk about me all that you please. I'll talk about you down on my knees. All of my sins are taken away. Praise the [Music] Lord. Amen. All dismiss the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause]
