################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-02 - 021125 - He Did It - Bro Ben Gloyne - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-02
Title:   021125 - He Did It - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: 
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ugah9Pb-vw
========================================

[Music] Good morning. Good to see you all. God bless you all. Welcome to um the house of the Lord this morning. Feeling good? feeling refreshed. It's good. It's always um it's always a nice service after camp, you know, because people are I guess in our human nature. We do get caught up in things and the month the things of life, but we we go to these camps where we can [Music] we can really start to be our true selves, you know, cuz really ultimately what we all want to do is just not do anything and just just be with the Lord and just be in that atmosphere all the time. That's ultimately if we could click our fingers, that's life, you know. Um but you know we have to go about and do these mundane things of life but but always after a camp we've sort of been in the atmosphere for a while so we still kind of you know our spirits are are still up. Not like we're not up all the time but you know do you know what I mean? Sometimes you get a little bit down but it's just it's part of being a human. But um no one's down today. Everyone's up. You're all up. That's right. Um, I just want to make a just say a little something before I start. It's not it's just about the musicians because we've had a few people a few musicians have um left like the inquirers and I think we lost another some other people. So, we sort of need to keep the musicians coming on. So, what we were thinking about doing is if you're um if you if anyone here wants to play an instrument, I think some some people have talked to us before. We're just going to have a catch up after church like just to get you guys and girls into certain spots. Like I'm thinking of people like Rachel. We decided she's going to come up. She plays a very good guitar player and we're we're down a few guitar players now, electric guitar. And um brother um Onishi is not here, but he wants to he's going to play the drums and the different I think we had some girls on the drums and different ones. We're not going to have a band practice. We just want to um figure out how we're going to put everyone in, get get people up, get it started. I think when there's pressure to do something, you learn. Like if you just say, "Okay, you're up in 2 weeks." Then people go home and they practice. And we were joking this morning cuz brother brother Colin's going to start sitting up here and playing his guitar during Wednesday's service. And then we said, "Eventually you'll be there playing it. And then eventually you'll be here playing it because um and and then then we joke that we're, you know, we're passing the baton on to the next younger generation. Um, so yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you could don't make me come and get you, okay? Like you know who you are and if you've said a whisper of anything, you know that I know, okay? So I'll come and get you after church if you're not there. Okay? So just turn up there once it's all finished. Just hang hang around there. Okay? Let's stand. Um this morning why don't we shake each other's hands and just say hello, greet each other. It's We're back in our home church. It's nice. This is the home fellowship. This is where we This is where we labor. This is our vineyard. We labor through the through the sunshine, through the the rain, through the storms, through the good times, through the bad. These are your fellow laborers in the gospel. This is our our part of the world that we labor in. So, it's good to be here. Let's sing. Let's let's sing um God is good. We'll start with the chorus. [Music] [Applause] God is good. Oh yes, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. All the time through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. If you're walking, well, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. Trust his promise to never leave you. nor forsake you when his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light to shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Oh, we were sinners. We were sinners. So unworthy still for us he chose to die. Filled us with filled us with with his Holy Spirit. Now we can stand and testify. Oh, that is love. It's everlasting. Oh, and his mercy. They will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. God is good. Yes, he's good. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. For God is good. He's good all the time. Amen. And let's just pray this morning. Thank you, Lord, that we can sing praises to you, Lord, and say, "God is good all the time, Lord, in every season. You're always good, Lord. And we just want to thank you for being in our midst this morning. Thank you for brethren, Lord. Thank you for a Thank you for a home fellowship, Lord, that we can put our shoulder to, Lord, and and labor for you, Lord. You we that we can we can, Lord, settle into, Lord. Sometimes life is up. Sometimes it's down. Sometimes it's here. Sometimes it's there, Lord. But we thank you, Lord, that we have a place that we can be faithful. We can be loyal. We can be diligent, Lord, that we can grow our gifts and our talents and our our calling in you. We can labor for you. We can see souls, Lord, just growing here a little, there a little, Lord, precept upon precept, line upon line, Lord. We see the brethren just growing in grace and in the knowledge of you each and every day, week, month, and year, Lord. So, we just pray you continue to bless our fellowship here as we continue to move on for you, Lord. Bless our service this morning. Bless Brother Ben as he ministers your word, Lord. And we may may there may our hearts always be on fire for you, Lord, and have a love for you and a love for each other, Lord. And we know that if we if we are like that, then you'll continue to Lord just burn in our midst. So we just want to commit the service to your hands this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. He didn't let the devil win. Really didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. Oh no, he didn't let the devil win. Oh no. No, he didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil in. He didn't let the devil in no longer. He didn't let the devil Hosana. [Applause] Hosana. Hosana. [Applause] Hosana. Hosanana. I singing Hosana. He didn't let the devil. Satan lost the battle. Oh yeah. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. He didn't let the devil win. Oh yeah. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan let the devil win. Hosana. [Applause] [Music] Hosana. Hosana. [Applause] [Music] and a Jesus gives the victory. Jesus gives the victory. Jesus gives the victory. My God, living in me. Jesus gives Jesus gives the victory. Oh yes. Jesus gives the victory. Jesus gives the victory. My God delivered me. Hosana. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hosanana. [Applause] Hosana. Oh yes. My God delivered Wellington. That's us. God delivered Wellington. My God deliver. My God. Hosana. [Applause] [Music] Hosana. [Music] Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. [Applause] [Music] And we are walking in the victory. We are walking in the victory. We are walking in the victory. This is the victory. We are walking. We are walking in the victory. We are walking in the victory. We are walking in the victory because Jesus is the victory. Hosana. Hosana. [Music] [Applause] Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. [Music] Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Amen. Well, I see a cloud like a man's hand. I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, and I know, yes, I know it's going to rain [Applause] in time. When it was dry, not a cloud up in the sky, the children of God began to reason why. So they went to God's man cuz they didn't understand. He said, "Go look. It's written in the sky." Now they opened up the door. The seventh time they looked once more. A tiny cloud. It was rising from the sea. And they began to understand the time for rain was ahead. was just like God said it would be. I see a cloud. I see a cloud like a man's head. Well, I see a cloud like a man's head. I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, and I know. Yes, I know it's going to rain. [Music] So today we have no fear. We know a cloud did appear. The prophet's dream, my bride broken through the door. Have faith and just believe. A new spirit you receive. Oh, the rain is truly going to pour. I see a cloud. I see a cloud like a man's hand. [Music] When I see cloud like a man's head, I see cloud like a man's hand. And I know. Yes, I know it's going to rain [Music] now. The bride is looking above for a chariot rain of love to fill their hearts. He said, "Let them know." [Music] And despite it will be God's unfolding mystery. The promised word has already been sold. [Applause] I see a cloud like a man's head. I see a cloud like a man's head. I see a cloud like a man's head. And I know, yes, I know it's going to rain. I see a cloud. I see a cloud like a man. I see a cloud like a man. I see a cloud like a man. Oh, and I know, yes, I know it's going to rain. And I know, And I know, yes, I know it's going to rain. [Music] Amen. Oh, come now. Is the time to work. worship. Oh, won't you come? Now is the time to give your heart. Come just as you are to worship. Oh, come just as you are before you go. Let's sing that one more time. Come. Now is the time to worship. Oh, come. Now is the time to worship. Oh, yes. Come. Now is the time to give your heart. Come just as you are to worship or come just as you are before your God. [Music] [Applause] One day, one day, every tongue will confess you are God. One day, every knee will bow. Still the greatest treasure remains for those who gladly choose you now and oh, and every tongue will confess you are God. One day every knee will bow. [Music] Still the greatest treasure remains for those who gladly choose now. Oh come. Yes. Come. Now is the time to worship. Oh, won't you come? Now is the time to give your heart. Come just as you are to worship for just as you are before your God. Oh, one day every song, one day every tongue will confess you are God. One day every knee will bow. Still the greatest treasure remains for those who gladly choose me now. Oh, and every tongue will confess to our God. When every knee will bow, [Applause] still the greatest treasure made. We gladly choose you now. Willingly, oh willingly, we choose to surrender our life. Willingly I need to bow [Music] with all our heart, soul, mind, and strength. Be gladly choose me now. Willingly. Oh, willingly we choose to surrender our life. Willingly our knees will bow [Applause] with all our heart, soul, mind, and strength. Gladly choose me now. Oh, come. Now is the time to worship. Oh come, now is the time to give your heart. Oh come and won't you be the fire in my heart. Be the wind in these sails. Be the reason that I live. Jesus. Jesus. [Applause] Oh Jesus. Be the center. Be my source. Be my life. Jesus. Jesus be the center. Be my hope. Be my song. Jesus. Be the fire. Be the fire in my heart. Be the will in me still. Be the reason that I live. Jesus. Jesus be the fire. Be the fire in my heart. Be the wind in me sails. Be the reason that I live. Jesus. [Music] Jesus Jesus be my vision. Jesus be my vision be my power. Be my God. Jesus be my vision. Jesus be my be my power, be my God. Jesus, be the fire, be the fire in my heart. Be the wind in me s [Music] that I live. Jesus. Jesus. Be the fire. Be the fire in my heart. Be the wind in these cells. Be the reason that I live. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] I We thank Jesus. In your hurting, in your sorrow, I will ask my God to move. I speak your name cuz it's all that I can do. In desperation, I speak. And I'll pray this for you. I'll pray for your healing. Circumstances will change. And I pray that the fear inside Jesus name. And I pray that a breakthrough. Oh, it happened today. And I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. And I pray for revival, for restoration of faith. And I pray that the dead come alive in Jesus name. In Jesus name. [Music] In Jesus name [Music] I speak the name. I speak the name king of authority. Declaring blessings every promise he is faithful to keep. I see the name greater could ever hold. He is gater. He is stronger. He's the God of possible. I pray for your healing. Circumstances change and I pray that you feel inside Jesus name. And I pray that a breakthrough. Oh, it happened today. [Music] I pray miracle in Jesus name. And I pray for revival, [Applause] restoration of faith. I pray that you can come alive in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Oh Jesus name. [Music] Come. I can't believe it. I'm receiving it. For the power of the spirit is now forever yours. Believe it. Receive it in the mighty name of Jesus. All things are possible. Come [Applause] receive it. For the power of the spirit is now forever yours. Oh come believe it. Receive it. Oh, in the mighty name of Jesus. All things are possible. I pray for your healing. Circumstances will change. I pray that the feeling inside of me in Jesus name. And I pray they'll break through for it happen today. And I pray they Jesus name. And I pray for revival for resurrection. I pray that the dead will come alive in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Hallelujah. In Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. The God of camp is the God of everyday life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's the same God. Amen. This morning, praise the Lord. Amen. You can have your seats this morning. We're just going to have a brief time of testimony. If anyone has a camp testimony or something they'd like to share that would bless them from there, you can um you're welcome. If you want to come forward, you you just come. Okay. Come. [Applause] &gt;&gt; God bless you all. Um, I went into camp with three things on my heart that I really wanted from the Lord to know that he's heard. And on Sunday evening, Ben called me to come to the front to get brother Jonathan to pray for us. And as he was praying, just these things, the Lord gave me all the three things. Everything that he was praying for was everything that was in my heart. And only God knows. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I just really thank the Lord. And I was just so blessed with camp just to think it was such a Holy Ghost time, such a refreshing in the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Um yeah, I'm just so thankful we have the true living God. It was like I'm living in the book of Acts. I'm living at the time the Lord is moving. He's here. It was just so &gt;&gt; it was just so lovely. It was just um how do I describe it? It was that feeling where there's no &gt;&gt; nothing &gt;&gt; not nice. It was just the Lord and I just so thankful to have been there and to I really thank all of you just for your prayers and your love &gt;&gt; and I was told by medical people that I wouldn't be able to get to camp &gt;&gt; and I was there and the Lord touched me and I'm just so thankful. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Thank you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Anyone else? It was truly a Holy Ghost meeting. Come. Just like you know when he held out the $20 note remember that spontaneousness you know just just come for &gt;&gt; God bless you saints. Um there are testimony is very short just like me but like I can't remember the meetings cuz um for the musicians probably the all the camp is just one long meeting because we are practicing we are just playing it's just awesome and I remember I was playing and you know yourself you know your failures you know everything about you and in one moment I felt this like the God talked to my heart and says son, I love you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And man, &gt;&gt; that's it. But man, that was awesome. And yeah, that was a very powerful camp. &gt;&gt; God bless his hands. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I mean, what more do you want to hear, you know, from the Lord? Amen. &gt;&gt; Hello. Um, I was very blessed at camp every year. I think like how can you be blessed in the back row you know with the kids and everything and every year he blesses me and every year I haven't said anything but this year I have to because I was sitting with Christine and we were just singing with one of the last songs not many people were there and we just claimed our family we claimed healing and it was just such a powerful experience. Sorry. &gt;&gt; It's so amazing to know that he cares and he he answers our prayers and we were able to claim so much and we had all this power and with our whole hearts we were able to accept it and receive it. And I don't know how to explain but it was just such a powerful moment. and Christine was there and she she knows and for me my whole life I've wanted that and I finally got to experience that. It was also really special to be with Christine as well. So that was all. Thank you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. He's still Jehovah of miracles. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I said to the Lord, if if if she comes up, I'll come up. Um, and this was before the service. This was during the week because I really wanted to share this, but I I couldn't if if they didn't. And that was the moment that face that you're seeing there when I turned I had Ezekiel and I and I turned and and they were it was so powerful. They were they were leaving earth. They were they were in another dimension. I was like, Lord, thank you that I could re experience this that there was just this purity in this this this Yeah. just they're in the heavenly places and I couldn't even reach there, you know, they were just gone and they were singing that simple song of the devil is under my feet and but the reality and the revelation struck and I go that's that's all I needed. So from the camp there was a lot of things that happens. Us as deacons we see a lot of things and um I usually go with the expectation a theme if you like. Last year was God should be real. I don't want people dancing and and you know this is myself uh go to the front and do an altar call but it's not real and last year was real. This year was absolutely real but this year was profound. There was a lot of things that happened and and it come from decades ago and at our camp the devil got smashed. It was profound. It it came so together and just I thank the Lord that I could be part of that. Um and everyone that worked together. We didn't have Armont. We didn't have the Ruanas. We didn't have brother Paul. We didn't have me. I fell sick and it was absolutely attack of the devil. We talked about it yesterday. uh my back and and everything just went off. there was a off switch the energy everything and I go this is not and at camp it was still attacked and right after camp everything is fine like 100% from a zero to 100 I go that must be Satan but because I think the Lord showed me that that little gap that I thought I had was quickly filled by all you and you all just jumped in and all got it done and I thank the Lord the people that's not here I think Ben Bailey and all these I hope they see that you know Marion and everyone the the boys that rally together, Josh, Jono, AB, everyone. It was just, it's amazing to see. So, the dynamics of our church. Please treasure it. Um, we we really have something special here as a family. Thank you. God bless you. Thank God. Amen. Yeah, it wasn't amazing just I mean, if someone else wants to come up, I'm just going to talk to someone. &gt;&gt; Hey, hello. Sorry. I got to like look, you know, you go, bro. Thank you. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Hey. Um on um Saturday we had a a friend come um to one of the services and on this Sunday night I got a um a huge burden on my heart to to go at the front to pray for them. Um and it it took a while the the the masses there. There was there was a few people. So I was I'll just wait a little bit. So I waited a little bit and then the feeling goes and you're like oh you know I'm I'm there with all my wires on me and it gets awkward. So I was like oh I was like no I had the feeling I'll go. So, I unpull everything off and and go down and and I go down there and there's still a few people there and I sort of um sort of get down to the to the bottom of the stairs and I and I look across and I see a on the far corner. I'm like sweet. I make a beline for him. He sees me as well. Um and and I pray for them and it's just how the Lord makes everything work in a way that he lets you know that he is in that moment. It was just like like I just I sort of drop the bass, go up there, Mo seamlessly comes up and just starts playing. Um I talk to Alan and I say how I'm praying for my friends. You know it's a real sort of burden that came on me. He starts praying and he instantly just just in just pops a couple of things in there that I know that they I want to say they are dealing with but that's the problem that they have with hearing us and it's just like wow thank you Lord just straight in straight in straight on on on quue on time you know and it's and it could be anyone anyone up there any any of those pastors up there if I ended up with them you know it it just it just I just said thank you Lord and it was amazing so yeah &gt;&gt; amen praise the Lord Amen. Yeah. Sorry. There's um &gt;&gt; he was out of the blocks first. &gt;&gt; Should be ladies. &gt;&gt; God bless you, saints. I just want to give God all the praise and glory and honor. Um coming up to camp was a real trial for all of us. Um yes, as my brother said, you know, there was changes. Um, our sister was out, the family's moving on, but I'm so grateful to be amongst my brothers and sisters here. I saw the Lord really work for this weekend or for the camp weekend. Our Lord does things in in ways that we don't or can't understand or explain. He takes key people out of the loop, but yet he restores and he raises up new gifts. Gifts that we didn't know that was there was shining over that weekend from every one of you from the cleaner right to the kitchen hand to the guy that took the bins out. Everyone. So I just want you all to remember that because it's a body work. You know the musicians are busy, the pastor is busy, but each one of you all that's sitting in front of me here actually had a job to do and you fulfilled your roles. So thank you very much. Um that takes away a lot of pressure from person standing next to you or the sister or brother that normally does it. Um, it showed that each one of you all got a special gift in you all. Just continue holding that torch up high and and and and let that light shine. So, we appreciate each one of you uh for what you all done and what youall are doing amongst our our our brethren here. What you are doing is very important. So, God bless you all. Thank you. [Applause] Um, I just want to say that I feel like God has been with us just even in the storm before camp, you know, just kind of dictating when my brother arrived, the way he got there through the storm and the detours and and everything, but he just arrived at a much better time than he would have had the storm not been there. But because my husband went down on Sunday, flew down to see my my mother-in-law who's dying. Excuse me. He he got there at a really good time going Sunday and I really wanted to go and I thought I can go back with David and then this storm was blowing a gale on Monday night and I was I went home and I went to sleep in the chair. I was like I don't want to go in the storm. I don't want to go on the boat in this storm. And I rang David and he was with the pilot, a pilot master from the harbor and he said, "No, tide's going to turn at 1:00. I mean, we're sailing at 2:00." He said, "The meters, it's only going to be one and a half meters." And I was like, "Wow." You know, I went on that boat and had a smooth sailing. And I got there to see Joan the last day that she is actually talking. Tuesday was the last day that she was talking and eating. So, I mean, she still knows me and that, but I just not just me, for Rachel and all my family have been down. God's worked out a way for us to do it every time to see her and just so many things about camp. God really touched me, too. And I'm I'm grateful. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Amen. Praise the Lord. It was amazing with the weather, you know. is like we just had a pocket of beautiful weather before the devil did his thing. You know, even even the fact brother John sister Sharon couldn't fly into Wellington. Um they had to they had to rent a car down. They got to spend time in Talpo where they had their honeymoon 30 odd years ago. So it all just worked out fine. Amen. So we thank the Lord for that. Amen. Is any any more for anymore? God bless everyone. Um, this year is our first time to be at camp for the whole time. I was really grateful to leave family because they closed the business. They uh over the comp so that I could um my family could be there for the whole time. in this camp is been really blessing to especially to my husband John because I didn't see him going to the church um because all his life he's always um choosing work over church. I don't know if in this um camp um we talk about it and he feels that the God refresh and restored his faith. It was such a really really blessing and and um also with my family way back in the Philippines. um we send the link of the of the services and they also been blessing blessed to watch it. And last Sunday uh the Sunday service, Sunday evening service, I was um I was praying to God that um that the Lord um restored John and um he lift everything to the Lord. And I was I didn't expect that John would um will ask for prayer and he's with um brother Jonathan and he asked for prayer and I was really blessed that I see him going to the front because I really didn't expect him. He was really shy going to the front and he asked for prayer and it was such a really really blessing and that's all. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Praise the Lord. That's wonderful. That's amazing. Thank you so much. Amen. Anyone? Oh yes. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hello everyone. I came up here. I don't I didn't want know what to say, but um camp is it really changed me there. And I went up I think it was one of the last nights or something. I went up for prayer and I went up and told him what I needed and he just spoke the words to me like they they really meant something to me. And then afterward he he came and prayed with me and Gabby and it was just I don't know something touched me and changed me. It was it was really good. And cuz the devil was tormenting me with all sorts of stuff there and yeah, he just helped me there. And yeah, that's all I wanted to say. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thanks for praise God. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Ben. &gt;&gt; Hello everybody. Um, I've got a little bit of a testimony this year. It's not a big one. It's just a regular old testimony. But, um, last year I was thinking about what I was going to go to camp for cuz I usually have a theme in mind when I go to camp. And last year, I'd already had my salvation. So, I didn't know what I was going to go for. So, last year I went and I was like, Lord, I really want TMA. Guys, I was like, "Lord, please don't make me cry. I don't want to be like mom." It's all right. I'll get there. Um, it's not major what happened, but before TMA went to camp, she was planning to go to Oakland next year to study at Oakland University. And I don't know if many of you know, but she works she works for me now, so she works for me full-time. And it was just supposed to be a a temporary summer job. And then and then she was going to go to Oakland. And I've been praying every night, Lord, please, please let Tina's salvation come quickly. Don't make it too long. Lord, just please save her soon. And it never really feels like I'm getting an answer. Um sometimes things happen, but usually it's just a regular old prayer. But um after camp, she came to me and she said, "Oh, I've got some news for you, Hannah." I said, "Oh, what?" She said, "I don't think I've got to go to Oakuckland anymore." And I said, "Oh, really?" She said, "No, I don't think so. I'm just going to stay here and work full-time for you and take a part-time course." And I was like, "Oh, really? Why?" She said, "Because everyone's here." I like, and she'd just been to camp and just made friends and she'd been running around having fun with everybody. And she said, "Everyone that I know is here." So, thank you guys for the camp. I really appreciate it. All right, that's it. Thanks, Ann. I appreciate that. Amen. God is working. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Um hello every um I just said to the Lord, if if I'm supposed to do this, please let cuz I needed the bathroom. So if it's still going on, then I will come up. So um just this just a quick testimony of what happened going into camp. So um a couple of about a month before camp or couple of weeks before camp um Christine and I were talking and she said um we really need to get a chef for camp. And so leading up to camp um a couple of weeks before um I I'd done everything that I had can to to try and get a chef and everyone that I had contacted they were busy that weekend and eventually um I got the one chef that he said potentially but then he came back and he said no he can't do it and I asked him do you know of anyone someone that can do you recommend someone and he said, "Oh, he potentially knows somebody, but he'll send me the details and make contact and and but he's way too busy." So just before I made contact, I called Christine and we we were chatting and um and I said to Christine, I'm not worried about getting a chef for camp because whoever the chef is, I know that the Lord is preparing this person and it doesn't matter what happens, we will find a chef and the Lord will prepare this chef just for us. And along came Rahul. We we'd met him and he is such a soft gentle person and he was he he yes we met with Ben and Christine and he said yes he can do it he penciled it all in and at camp you know he'd made contact with brother brother John Edis had made contact with him and things like that and there is something going on with the chef and the son and all of that so I just wanted want to just give the Lord the glory for bringing that particular chef with his son. Um the Lord knows what he's doing and sometimes we scramble and we you know we get stressed and we worry about these things but you know if we just walk and just let the Lord do what he's doing he's got it all prepared. So, I just want to give the Lord the glory for bringing that particular chef and his and his son because he suggested bringing his son along to camp to help us as as a um kitchen hand. So, I just want to give the Lord the glory for that for whatever he's done so far and whatever he's still going to do for the sh um this chef and also to bless him because of the meals that he's prepared for all of us and that was an extreme blessing for everyone. So, I just want to give the Lord the glory for that. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Part two. &gt;&gt; I'm all tangled up again. Um, so I've got a um a a testimony coming about my job and and changing things. But in and around that, I had um said to my new boss that I'll go away with him on a tournament this weekend um for football. I I get to play a bit of football. Um, but that would have been me leaving on the Friday. So, what I what I did was I finished up work at my old company on the Thursday. So, I had the Friday off. And this is not really quite around camp, but it it sort of ties in a little bit. So um but in and around that happening um um Nana Joanie went started going downhill and obviously we had the camp with um Nana Joan being on on her last legs and she's still been um alive and we changed our plans and sort of and said hey I I won't go to the tournament. I I'll I'll miss that. And then that gives Rachel the opportunity to go um down south. So me having the Friday off made all that work and it was just the way God worked in and around cuz cuz I got to the last training Tuesday night and we had the training. I enjoyed it. It was fun. We finished and we finished up and the guys were talking about what they were going to do sort of getting to this tournament because it was in Napia and Stain and I just got this feeling of yes I enjoy the games. Yes, I enjoy playing but I I still want to hang out with these guys. I I don't I didn't really have the feeling of going away and enjoying that. And I was like, "No." And in my mind, I'd already realized that I'd missed this church service. And I And I really dislike missing any church at all, but especially like just after camp. So, it was all that that God just had he had a plan. He just ran everything through. So, I've made the service. I've Rachel made it down to Christ Church and everything just works seamlessly. And I just want to say thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hi guys. So I've got two testimonies. Um one is about the games. So um um I had I love Jenny too. Can I just tell you I love you? I love Jenny because she's such a good sport. anything I suggest to her, she's like, "Yeah, let's do it." And um so the games this year was actually going to be hobby horse riding. Um I don't know if you've seen the Olympic hobby horse riding and they go on this stick with the horse head and it's stuffed and it just looks absolutely incredibly stupid. And I thought, man, wouldn't that be so much fun getting these guys riding a hobby horse? And then I mentioned it to Jay at um at the factory and he's like, "Oh no, mom. Please, man. Just don't embarrass us all the time." And I thought to myself, I was like, "Oh man, I know I'll get a kick out of it, but I don't know if anybody else will. I know I'll be laughing." But so then it was probably two days before, was it about a week or maybe the the few days I And so I'm like, "Oh man, I've got nothing. I've got no games." And then um and then I was praying about it getting pretty desperate because I was like man I really wanted a hobby horse riding but nobody else does. So, um, so I actually went to prayer and, um, funny enough, cuz I don't really pray about the games cuz it's not real spiritual, you know, it's not like a, um, and I just went to prayer and then I was like, Lord, I've got nothing. And then it just bing like the light bulb, you know, as when the Lord does it and um, it was just a big capture the flag game and um, yeah, it just went really well. So, I was so thankful. And then Jenny's of course on board. Yep, let's do it. And we she did the quiz and then the um and then the hiding we did. So the capture the flag game was like this big massive um stick in the mud tag game along with capture the flag and then finding lollies and it was pretty epic. Next year I'm going to do drone and water balloons with it. But um so that was a real blessing that the Lord undertook and I realized why it was so important to do games cuz you think oh it's not really you know big grand spiritual thing but it's important because you you get around people that some people don't know each other but you get an experience with them that has you know you can relate to them at least with this cool experience. And then I think Dave got tied up um Ruben got tied up. Everybody cheated. Um so I I don't know if the Christian qualities come out but um uh fund us. So it was it was it was such a blessing. And then the second testimony was um okay going into a little thing. So Sharon are the Marriott's here. No. Uh three camps ago I think it was we were sitting it was K. Adam Reeds Louise Maloney Sharon and I at lunch. I think it was three camps or I can't remember exactly. And we were sitting around the table at lunch. We were the only ones there left. And Sharon had a real breakthrough in prayer for Bruce at that time. And we could feel it. And it was like, whoa, that was powerful. And then um so then I was talking to K again, K. Adam Reed. Um she's such a blessing. Eh, and so again at lunch and we were talking about um the the form of worship and dancing. And I told her how that I don't know if you remember the first time when we came to the church, Hen and I danced around the the church. And I really felt the Lord tell me, I'm pleased with your worship. So when you want to please the Lord and that's all you want to do, it means a lot to you. So I'm like, wow. Actually, dancing is a form of worship as well. And although Satan wants to pervert it and make it other things, God still loves dancing. And um and so do I. But um so so um we were talking about that and um Sister Kay said she had recent like gone quiet and and doing that and also singing and things and um and so we were just praying and and then we went to service and um and so the service I think brother Jonathan mentioned dancing three times and every time he turned every time he mentioned it we're like and so we're getting pretty excited in our seats right and then um and then afterwards dur and then um prayed for it. Yeah, it was quite an anointed time that one. And um and then um Isaac uh got tired, so he handed the mic over to Boaz. Whoa. Like it was just talk about dancing. Oh, and I just when it when he just started, I just couldn't help myself. And I think the whole church couldn't help themselves. And man, what a jubilee. So it was man and just from that and also I got to dance with my girls. I don't know if you know how special that is. That's real special um to me because yeah, Satan tried to take that form of worship away from us. So that was a real blessing. Um uh and then I turned to Sister Kay and I said, "Hey, do you know who's at camp?" And um she and I said, "Bruce is at camp." And we all it was just a grand jubilee. It was just a grand jubilee knowing that he's in your lunchtime. You know, he he when you're talking with someone else, he's there. The Lord's there. When he's when you're running around, racing around the church, he's there. When you, you know, you're playing games, whatever you're doing at the camp or even now when we go to lunch, he's always with us. He's always there. So, I was really blessed. That's my testimony. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you. Amen. Amen. We thank the Lord. Amen. Going once, going twice. Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, let's um let's stand. Let's sing one more song. Can we sing one? Sorry, I've kept you here. But um I want to sing what? God is God. God don't never change. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, he's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. He's God in the Holy Ghost. He's God all three in one. I know God is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God if you love him. He's God if you don't and he's God if you serve him. He's still God if you won't. And I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's the God that's healing cancer. He's God who heals disease. He's God that heals our troules. And I know he healed me. God, oh God is God. And God don't ever change. God, oh God is God. And Jesus is his name. Well, he's God in the first. He's God in the last. He's God all my future. He's God. I know God is God. And God don't ever change. God, oh God is God. And Jesus is his name. And yes, I have a right to praise him, a right to lift my hands because I saw my name revealed to me by the lamb. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, they call us holy rollers. They're always making fun, but I'm glad I got the Holy Ghost. And I'm living in the sun. I know God. Oh, yes. He's God. And God don't ever change. I know God. He's God. And Jesus is his name. Well, he's the God that lives in Moses. He's God in Paul, too. He's God in William. He's God in me and you. Oh, yes. He's God. He's God. And God don't ever change. God. Oh, God. He's God. And Jesus is his name. Well, no. companion. They came down the sword. He came down out of the mountain saying the Lord I know God is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. When I remember the day he saved me from my sin and shame, I came up out of that water. Baptized in Jesus name. And I know God. Yes, he is. He's God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God. And Jesus is his name. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you musicians. Thank you, brother Isaac. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yes. Um yeah, brother Jonathan, both he and brother John says there was such a purity of spirit at camp. It was amazing. So it was it was a very special camp. Amen. That was it was so good. Amen. So, yeah, we thank the Lord. Amen. Let's um let's turn to the scripture this morning. Um see if I can sort this out. Amen. He is still the same. We're just going to sing um sing we're going to read the scripture here. It is a psalm, but we're going to read it. Amen. So, Psalms 126:es 1-6. Amen. And it reads it reads like this. A song of degrees. Now that word degrees actually means a um it means a a a going up, a rising. Amen. A um Amen. When the Lord turned again the captivity of Zion, we were like them that dream. Then was our mouth filled with laughter and our tongue with singing. Then said they are among the heathen. The Lord hath done great things for them. The Lord hath done great things for us whereof we are glad. Turn again our captivity, O Lord, as the streams in the south. They that sew in tears shall reap in joy. He that goeth forth and weepeth, bringeth bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing because his she uh bringing his sheav with him. Amen. So, let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. And if you have a need, you just want to raise your hands up to the Lord. Amen. Just got to remember the um uh the Okanu family in prayer. They're unfeilling well, so uh yeah, they're not feeling well, just pray for them. And Amen. Dear God, we thank you for these testimonies. Thank you for all you did at camp. Lord, we are so thankful that you did it once again. We appreciate you so much and we just want to bow our heads and our hearts and say thank you, Lord. We thank you. You are the same yesterday, today, and forever. So all you were at camp, you're the same God today. So I pray Lord you'd continue to bless this service, Lord, as we've read your great holy word. I pray you'd anoint it to our hearts. May you truly be exalted in our lives, Lord Jesus. May you touch each life here. You see those needs that are behind each hand. Lord, also be with the Okanu family who aren't feeling well. Lord, I pray you touch them, Lord. Heal them. Raise them up for your glory. And dear God, may have prayer minutes among us, Lord. We love you. Have your way in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can have your seats. If you could turn me down a bit on these monitors. I feel like I'm in a bowl. Amen. But yeah, so I just want to I want to if I could take a very simple little thought today. Sorry, I was um I drove up Sat Friday to Oakland, came back yesterday. Sorry. uh just had to move some furniture for my parents and I just reminded myself why I'm not a truck driver, you know, driving all that way and back. So, just bear with me, you know, but we're here. Um but I just want to, you know, if I could take a thought from this, I just want to just just, you know, if I could title this, I want I want to title it, he did it. There's something about when you look at the greatness of God and you and you you know, you know, before the fact, there's this longing. There's like you know he can do it, right? You've read his word. He's anchored it in your heart. you know, he's become real to you, but yet there's just such a glorious like reality when when when when you step into a vision, he fulfills his word. And then when you step out of it and you look back and say, "He did it." Like, it's incredible. It's such a, you know, it's a it's a phenomenal thing to see the living God answer our prayers. Amen. Meet our needs, fulfill his word in our lives. It's an incredible thing. And and and to me, you know, when I was thinking about this driving home and, you know, this scripture came to mind where it says that, you know, they were like when, you know, when the Lord turned again the captivity of Zion, we were like them that dream. It's like, is this really real? Is it really happening? You know, it's not beyond belief because he's made us to believe for all things. But it's such a surreal moment, you know, when it's like, is this really happening? Has he really done it? You know, we've had such a longing and such a burden, such a desire to see him live, you know, like I know. I'm sure it's from from camp to camp. We've got a desire, Lord, we're so excited for camp, you know, we're so excited when we go to special meetings or, you know, but it's like a it's like you step into a dream. It's like you're watching a scene unfold and you know, you know, I'm well, this is my experience anyway. You just watch this whole thing unfold and you're just kind of there, but you're you're not there and you're there and you're just like, "Wow, is this really going on?" And then you and then when it's all done, you really kind of like, "Wow, that was awesome." Amen. This is the Bible in basic English which I need to read from time to time. It says a song of the going up. It's an ascension. This is a song of degrees means a song of ascension. So as we're rising, Amen. I believe these psalms are very applicable to us. I mean cuz we are we are going up. Amen. We're not going down. We're not going across. We're going up. Amen. Amen. So when the Lord made a change in Zion's fate, we were like men in a dream. Amen. When the Lord changes the fate of someone, it's a credible thing when you you see because we got to realize and I'm sure we all know this, but we were our fate. The devil had us bound in a fate and that was a destruction. That was a burning in a lake of fire. That was, you know, that's that was our fate. But God interrupted his plans. Amen. And he changed our fate from destruction to glory. I mean, he changed our, you know, our fate of just living in sin, being driven around by that slave master of the devil. Amen. And he and he changed our faith that now we're living in the fullness of God. Amen. God dwells in us. He's changed our lives. We're going from glory to glory. Amen. You know, it's just an incredible thing. We realize we're walking in the goodness of God. Amen. Where his mercy, you know, I just loved how brother Jonathan used that phrase. We're living in a season of grace. Amen. And this grace season is not going to come to an end. It cannot come to an end because a word has come in this season where he says there's going to be a people, amen, they're going to know their God. They're going to God's going to live in them. All the promises of the bride are going to be fulfilled like the prophet said that Jesus fulfilled all the prophecies of the Old Testament and the bride is going to fulfill all the prophecies of the New Testament. Amen. So, we're living in a season of divine inspiration, of enablement, of grace. Amen. And this grace will not come to an end, friends. We are living in a great season. Amen. This season will not come to an end. Amen. Because it will take us into a rapture. That's the great culmination of this season of grace. And then we're going to go to the banqueting, wedding, supper, table. Amen. Where our seats been reserved. That's a season of gra. That's a placing by grace. Amen. And then we're going to come back to earth. There's a millennium and all those, you know, then eternity is going to roll on. Yeah. Yeah. I know I missed a few details, but but we all know the plan, right? But it's a great season of grace is going to unfold through eternity. I believe that's just I just want to tell you this season is not going to come to an end. Okay? Don't never let the devil get in your mind that you can step out of this season. I believe once you're in, you're in. You're stuck. Amen. By the grace of God. Amen. You're in this season of grace. And it's not low. It's not it's not confined to a location. No, no, no. You can go anywhere you want. You can go to Mars if you wanted to, but you'd still be in that season if you're part of his bride. I believe I'm looking at Amen. people who are who are fulfilling that or God is. Now, so it's an incredible thing. The Lord has changed our fate. Now, a dream. This is just Webster. I just I've just got a few things here. So, uh so it's a series of thoughts, pictures or feelings occurring during sleep. So, it's things you've been thinking on. You know, sometimes you have a dream. It's a bunch of crazy stuff mixed up, but then you can kind of realize it's something you've talked about, something you've seen. It's like a culmination of things. Who's had that kind of a dream? Yep. Who's had who's had actually a spiritual dream? You've seen it come to pass, &gt;&gt; right? Very different kind of a dream. It it's also a vision created in the imagination like a daydream. It's something that is notable for its beauty or pleasing quality. It's a goal that is longed for. It's an ideal. Amen. And truly the word of God to see it fulfilled is something that we long for. Amen. That we desire where where he's done so much yet we want him to do more cuz he's we don't want him to stop. Just like Moses would say to him, Lord, don't if you go, may we go with you. You know, don't don't ever leave us behind. We want to walk right with you. Moses would say, just paraphrasing um you know, what he said. So, you know, it's you know, something that you know, we've seen him do so much, but we want to see him do more. Amen. It's it's it's to think as of happening or possible. It's something to imagine. Now, I'm so glad we're not just living in a daydream as in something that will never become reality. This message is not a daydream in that way. Amen. It is something to be longed for. And the reason you long for it is because God put a desire in your heart because he wants to fulfill it in your life. Amen. You're very if you know if if if any thought of the word comes in your mind that you should do it, you're a blessed person. You're a very blessed person. That's actually a supernatural moment coming into your life. Amen. So, so you know, but these things, they don't just stay as a dream, but they become reality. Can you imagine the children of um children of Israel when they're down in Egypt, you know, they had the they had Joseph's bones there. They had the prophecy that they were going to leave. God was going to bring a deliverer. And it would have become a dream, such a desire, Lord, because it said, you know, the Bible says that they begin to call on the Lord when they got into slavery. And you know, you know, there was such a longing, Lord, when are you going to fulfill this? We know it's in your word. We are so hungry to see it fulfilled. But then it would have become and and and this was everyday life for them. This was this was the Monday to Sunday whatever their work I don't know what they did but you know what I mean this was their everyday portion of of of having this desire having this dream but then one day it happened I mean so a longing became a reality amen and I believe every longing that's based in the word God will fulfill it in his way I mean I've never seen a believer that that that just hope for something and it never comes to pass I mean God fulfills it how he wants to fulfill it so finally ly they would come into a very unusual season where here comes a man who's 80 years old and his older brothers there Aaron you know Moses and Aaron would come and you know Moses had not been seen by you know you for about 40 years he comes into Israel and he says that the God of our fathers has visited me I saw him as a burning bush and he spoke to me out of that bush and and he gave me two signs but by these you know I'm going to deliver Israel and then he did the two signs it would have been like a dream is this really happening? Is this is this really is this man really the fulfillment of prophecy? And he was the fulfillment of prophecy. And then the plagues begin to fall. Then the darkness came and the blood was applied. And then there was the cry through Egypt as it you know of the death angel and they were dressed and ready to go. And then finally the you know the order was was was given. We're leaving. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; After that dream of when will will we be free? Well, we'll be able to live in this promised land that has been promised to our fathers. Will it come into manifestation? And then they find themselves leaving. It would have been like a dream. Pinch me, Caleb. You know, is this really happening, Joshua? Oh, it's happening. It's happening. Amen. God is fulfilling his word. I tell you what, friends, this message has been here for 60 odd years. God is fulfilling it like never before. Amen. Where he's filling people with the Holy Ghost. He's bringing prodals home. He's bringing stability to families. He's showing us who we really are. And he's showing us our position in Christ. He is really fulfilling his word. Amen. We see the beast rise up and everything the world's doing. Amen. What was prophesied is now manifested. Amen. If that's on the negative side, how much more on the positive side? Amen. Where there was a there was a prophecy of a bride without spot or wrinkle. And here she is here this morning. Amen. You're part of that vision. I tell you what, friends. Amen. God has turned your fate. Amen. He's turned it from being a slave to sin. Amen. To being an heir of grace. Amen. To to an overcomer. Amen. Hallelujah. That you can actually express what you were made to be before the foundation of the world. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, it was such a longing, but they left. And I'll tell you what, friends, we're in an exodus. Amen. We have goodbye. Goodbye, world. I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye. Pleasures of sin. Amen. I found a far greater reward in Christ Jesus my Lord. Amen. I've left the world behind. Amen. I am in an exodus. I am leaving. Amen. And I'm ready to leave this world and go to the next world at any moment because the blood has been applied. Amen. God has turned my fate from death to life. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Can you imagine? Israel was Israel was here for 40 days. They were living. They were living under this, you know, in this stalemate. You know, Goliath would come out and bring his boast. Bring me a man. Bring me a champion. Amen. Bring me one man to come and fight me and we'll we'll settle this thing just just just with one-on-one combat. And there, you know, can you imagine standing there? They were stuck in this. You know, decisions had to be made. But there was no one willing to stand forth and take up the giants challenge. But then finally a little shepherd boy walked in. So it would have been a dream of the Israelite soldiers you know they would have talked about know about Joshua and the mighty campaigns and what God did in the past and you know but so there would have been you know a longing surely someone can do it but no one was carrying a revelation that they could do it. Amen. Then finally a little shepherd boy walks in. Can you imagine standing maybe up on the hill you see the ranks of the Israelite soldiers and then across the valley there's the Philistines. You see Goliath standing in front of the Philistine army and bringing his boast and mocking Israel and mocking God. And then you see this little boy begin to walk through and the ranks begin to part and you know he begin to step through the ranks of Israelite soldiers. He steps out into the battlefield. Hallelujah. Where everyone was afraid. But there was one Amen. who had made a decision. He was going to he was going to end this thing. Amen. Where it was going to it was going to go more than a dream. It was going to become a reality. Amen. where the fate of Israel of just being stuck in this quagmire of a you know staying in this valley was going to be ended and the enemy was going to be routed. I tell you what friends. Amen. Adam's fallen race you and I were stuck in this thing where was the devil's boast and the devil's boast I'm going to get your family I'm going to destroy you. Amen. This word doesn't work for you. This message isn't real. Amen. But then one step forth. Amen. Hallelujah. And I'm going to go from 2,000 years ago to today. But one step forth 2,000 years ago, he didn't look like he had any weapons to win a war, but he was carrying the greatest weapon. Amen. That was ever devised, which was the life of God. Amen. He stepped forth. Amen. He went to Galthther. He says, "I'm going to do it." Amen. He, you know, he walked through the ranks and he and he took down the devil and all the devils under him. He conquered hell, death, and the grave just like Goliath was defeated by by David. Amen. And David said before he killed Goliath, he says, "I'm going to kill you. I'll kill everyone here." you go read it. That's what faith does. And David just was expressing the revelation that he was carrying. And Jesus would would would be expressing the revelation he carried. He said, "No man takes my life. If I lay it down, I'll pick it back up again." Amen. And what he do? He conquered hell, death, and the grave. And friends, when brother said the last sermon he preached before he went on the fields was David facing Goliath. He says, "There's a lot of giants out there, but friends, I've been given a slingshot of faith. Amen. to prove that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He says, "We down Goliath and we rallied around and God poured his spirit out." Hallelujah. I tell you what, friends, you're a generation of giant killers. That God has raised up, amen, as as an example around the world. That Jesus Christ lives. Amen. Jesus Christ is alive. That this message is true. That this message can change anybody. Amen. He has risen you up. Amen. as a group of giant killers to prove that Jesus Christ is alive. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So that would have been a dream. It's like, did that really happen? Can you imagine after the dust settled, Goliath's heads being carried around, I mean, the Philistines are round and you say, did this really just happen? He did it. How did he do it? God did it. I mean, how on EARTH DID DAVID DO IT? YOU THINK WHEN he's walking there with a slingshot, you see Goliath with his armor and his you his armor bearer, what a loser that guy is. Paul, so he's on the wrong team. But you know, you think, how on earth is he going to do it? That guy's got a shield. He's got armor and and he's just a youth with a slingshot. How can he do it? But he did it because of revelation. He say he did it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Our God did it. Hallelujah. Amen. Here we are this day. Jesus would say, "No man takes my life from me. I got the power to lay it down. I got the power to take it up again." Amen. This commandment I've received of my father. Amen. and they would watch Jesus go to Calvary. They think, "How on earth could he do it?" I mean, can you imagine standing there? I I just think of it so often, you know, there's there's there's Peter, James, and John, and they were with Jesus up Mount Transfiguration. And there's Moses and Elijah. It says, I think in Luke in the account, it says that they would tell him the things he had to fulfill in Jerusalem. So, so they would take the word, Moses and Elijah, and would and would preach the word to the living word and they would tell him the prophecies that he had to fulfill. They couldn't do it. No man could do it. It would take a God man. And there he was standing there with them. And they would preach, you will be wounded for our transgressions. The chastise of our peace will be upon you. And by your stripes. Amen. We will be healed. Amen. You will be Amen. Your soul's going to go to hell, but it's not going to be left there. Amen. You are the seed of the woman. Amen. You are the one who we've been looking for. You are the true lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world. has had a brief moment to to to tell the word what he's going to fulfill. I tell you what, friends, that's where I felt camp was. We had a couple of messengers come and they poured out to you. Amen. You're living in grace. Grace and faith is mixed together and is manifested in you. Amen. The civil war is over. Amen. The sheep are bleeding and the lambs are crying, but God has answered their cry. Amen. God has equipped you to to to meet their need. Amen. where there's a cry of someone, God's anointed you to fulfill that need in their life. Amen. And then they and then they've gone and camp's done, you know, but they they had that brief moment of time to speak. Amen. To encourage you. A friend, who felt strengthened from camp? I just felt such a strength. Amen. And that's what the word should do. Should strengthen us for for the for the continuation of the journey. Amen. But now, so they would prophesy that to the Lord Jesus. And you know, he went to Calvary and then, you know, the disciples did not understand what he was doing. But there was this thing, can he do it? It's one thing to heal the sick. It's one thing to raise the dead, but to take away sin, that's a whole another thing. Can he do it? He knew he could do it. Like David had a revelation, I can kill him. He's dead. He's mine already. Right? And Jesus had a revelation that that my soul, he'll not leave my soul in hell, neither suffer thine holy one to see corruption. He had that revelation. The prophet said he went to Calvary with one scripture and that was it that he would come out of the grave. And then so now here is here is you know they've gone to the tomb. You know, there's the first day of the week and you know, the disciples are going to the tomb and they're wondering, you know, they just, you know, the scripture says in Luke how they were the woman were carrying spices to anoint him, you know, to actually prepare his body properly for burial because it was a bit of a, you know, they felt it wasn't done properly. And here they come to the tomb and the stones rolled away. And, you know, because they were talking before they even came to the scene, how are we even going to move the stone? It's too big. HOW ARE WE PHYSICALLY going to do it? They didn't know the angel of the Lord had already come down that Jesus had resurrected and now they're living in the season of the resurrection and you know they because before this thing how can he do it how can we do it amen but then when they came to the tomb the stone was rolled away and Jesus was resurrected and there is Mary there and she's looking around to see and then turns and sees sees the Lord but thinks it's the gardener and and she says to him where where have you taken him that I can carry him away that's what she want to do carry his body away but She wasn't going to carry a body away. She was going to carry a message. Amen. That Jesus Christ is alive. Amen. And then after this, they would have realized he did it. Amen. He is my lamb. Hallelujah. I trust I trust this comes out how I feel right now. Amen. But you think about how on earth could he do it? It's like, are we in a dream? Imagine this scene. It's like, Lord, is that you Mary? Hallelujah. Her eyes came open. How? Amen. You ever had that feeling as the Lord had, you know, we're together. &gt;&gt; You know, there's incredible moments we look back and say, he did it. The Lord of glory, not just anyone, not a prophet, not a preacher, not a nice person or a Christian or what? He did it. He fulfilled his word. Amen. He is very interested in fulfilling his word in our lives. Hallelujah. Amen. You think, how on earth could we ever be free? that the same question could be settled in your heart. Has he done it? &gt;&gt; He did it. Right? You think, Lord, how can I ever get to heaven? Did he do it? Has he anchored a revelation in your heart? I'm a child of God. I can't be lost. This rapture is for me. I'm under the blood. &gt;&gt; He did it. &gt;&gt; How did he get me there? &gt;&gt; He did it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He saved my soul. How did he do it? I I'm not doing this to be blas. I actually don't know how he found me. &gt;&gt; When I was running, he could run faster. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, friends, anyone who's running, he can outrun them. Amen. He doesn't puff. He doesn't get a stitch. He doesn't get tired, he'll outrun that person. Amen. And the Bible says that goodness and mercy shall follow thee all the days of thy life. And that word follow means actually to pursue and overcome. So you got to have faith. Amen. For those who are who are running, Amen. Goodness and mercy are on their trail. Amen. And they're going to be overtaken by goodness and mercy. and goodness and mercy gonna pick that person up and bring them into the sheepfold. &gt;&gt; Has he done it? &gt;&gt; You know, if he did it once, he doesn't have like a I've only got three goes at this and then it's done. He does it forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. He cannot change. You know, every divine promise of God is part of him. Many sometimes we think there's his promises and there's God. Then God fulfills his promises. He is his word. He is his promises, right? So it's not just something that's floating around. No, he is his word, right? So his promises are him. Amen. And by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he's actually given you every divine promise. Amen. Whether it be healing, he's given it to you. Salvation, deliverance, amen, a peace that passes understanding, the power OF THE SPOKEN WORD. YOU KNOW, I was I don't have the pictures up here. This is a segue, but let's just write it for a little bit. You know, God has more than just saved us. You know, you think about like a soldier that was in a prisoner of war camp. Okay, if you get saved from the camp, that's a great thing. You're not in the camp anymore, right? You can go home to your homeland. You're not bound up by an enemy force. Okay? So, it's like we get saved from the powers of hell, right? We're not we're not under its control anymore. That's a good thing. But you take that soldier that's come out of the prison of war camp and you arm that soldier. That guy's dangerous now, right? He's more than just saved. He's empowered. He's equipped to take the fight to the enemy. Amen. And this is what this message does. It more than just saves us, which it does that, right? But now we're not walking around in this world with no weapons, no ability to fight. Amen. No. God has filled our mouths with his spoken word. Amen. It says the word is faith says the word is nigh thee in thy mouth even in thy heart. Amen. So those who have the anointing of the power of God are fully equipped to take the fight to the enemy. Amen. Who's with me this morning? Amen. What? So, we're not walking around without a weapon. No. We've been equipped by the power of the spoken word. Amen. Where God has put a two-edged sword in your mouth. AMEN. THAT WILL CHOP down every enemy. Amen. We'll take CARE OF EVERY PROBLEM. We'll bring peace to, you know, to anyone who needs peace. Will bring deliverance. He's equipped you with that. Amen. So, let God now take That's what happened on Sunday night. The sword came out. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I MEAN, THE SWORD CAME OUT AND IT'S NOT JUST A ONE hit you, it's not, you know, that's just not a one-time thing. That's every time. PULL IT OUT. LET GOD ANOINT your words. You got to believe what you're praying for and LET GOD TAKE CONTROL. AMEN. SO, FRIENDS, WE'RE NOT JUST WALKING AROUND IN A in a believer's uniform without a weapon. No, we have a two-edged sword. And he put that sword in your mouth, in your heart. Amen. It's like, you know, people say, "Where'd the sword come down?" Your sword came down in the prophet's hand, which was the word. Where did that sword go? went into you. &gt;&gt; Amen. For you to speak, for you to address your enemy. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Did he do it? Everything Adam lost has, he's restored. &gt;&gt; He did it. &gt;&gt; Where did he restore it to? He restored you back to Adam's condition before the fall. Your soul now, not your body. Because God wants to show you it's not the state of your of your flesh. If you're sick, you're healed, you're well, your conditions that dictate faith. No, faith is far supreme above whatever you're going through. I was just talking to the Lord. I said, "Lord, if the Apostle Paul could have a can have a soldier chained to him and be in a dungeon and receive most of the New Testament, I think I'm in good condition." Amen. That you can put a revelation in my heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, whatever you're going through, you got to realize God would use Paul as an example that doesn't matter what you're going through, God can just pour in heaven. pour in heaven and create an atmosphere around you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He did it. &gt;&gt; He did it. You know, uh, brother Chris Moritz when I think when we were there in Canada or maybe he was here, I can't remember, but he just relayed to us about how him and Sister Brenda, they were they actually went to Mars Hill, you know, where where Paul saw the altar to the unknown god. And, you know, he said, you know, and it was quite a moment. He's just saying, you know, they bowed their heads and prayed and said, "Lord, thank you. The message got through. 2,000 years through persecution and the Bible, you know, the word trying to be buried and God, you know, the devil couldn't bury it. He couldn't, he couldn't take the truth. Amen. But the message got through. Hallelujah. Because the prophet said, "I preach everything Paul preached." And if you go examine what he preached, Paul preached the same thing. Amen. So the message came through. How did it do it? I don't know. But God did it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. I mean, I won't be too much longer. Um, you think about the day of Pentecost. This is God. God. Say that with me. God &gt;&gt; dwelling in man &gt;&gt; again. How could he do it? We're all born in sin, shaped iniquity, come to world speaking lies. You know, it's like sometimes we, you know, people can think, well, he had the temple. The temple is, isn't that good enough? You know, like the disciples, you know, when they were there with Jesus before the temple and the disciples looked at the building and said, "Oh, what what great stones and buildings are here." And Jesus is standing there and he's looking at the stones. He's looking at the disciples. And in his mind, he probably, you know, you know, he could have, you know, I don't want to put words in his mouth, but he basically said, you know, he could have said, "Brothers, that building is nothing compared to you, cuz that's not what I that's just a temporary structure. You're the eternal one. You're actually what I'm looking for. Not this building. I I ordained that building and I wanted it there for a season, but it's just a shadow. We're not the shadow of the temple. The shadow of the temple is a shadow of us pointing to you. Amen. And so, but you think, how on earth could God dwell in man? Is that if I'm good enough, you could you could have a spotless life. That's not it. Then Jesus would have died in vain. If there was any way you think if there was any way humanly possible for us to live a life that would merit God dwelling in us, he died in vain. &gt;&gt; Okay? So just just throw out all the legalistic ideas. &gt;&gt; Kick them kick them to the curb. Grace, the world is cheapened grace, but the bride loves true grace. &gt;&gt; I mean, I think it's anchored into our hearts. We are saved by grace. It's a divine influence upon our hearts. It's reflection in our life. It's God's sovereignty to us. It's a supreme grace. Amen. So, so there's nothing in this life you can humanly do to merit God dwelling in you. You can't earn it. You can't work it out. You can't do nothing. Okay? All you can do is surrender. Believe his word. And so you think, how on earth can God live in us? Well, he did it. &gt;&gt; The blood did it. &gt;&gt; Amen. The blood cleansed them. That that same blood that's cleansed you. Amen. had a bunch of you look at the people there. Peter tried to kill a guy. Half of them couldn't read. There's the woman at the well, Mary Magdalene. All these prostitutes and publicans and the outcasts of life. They had very checkered past. They had a very bad past. They did not have a sociably social sociably is that a word? Socially accepted past. &gt;&gt; You think how on earth could God dwell in them? Oh, he did it. &gt;&gt; He did it. He did it, did he not? He He lived through them. &gt;&gt; And the same faith they have is the same faith we have received. The same God in them is the same God in you. &gt;&gt; If he can save them, he can save. He Well, he did it. &gt;&gt; He did it. His word came, his word came to them, gave them a faith, and they received the Holy Ghost. Amen. The same word has come to you. Amen. And you received that word. How did you receive it? I actually don't know, but he did it. &gt;&gt; How did you know? Because you think, well, why do you believe this? I don't know, but he did it. Honestly, I I not being like this to be blas. I just I'm just going because really, you think about it. Why are you here? I don't know, but he did it. &gt;&gt; Why are you a belie? Why are you even a Christian? It goes beyond upbringing. It goes beyond culture. It goes beyond, well, I was raised in the message. It's far beyond that. It's God did it. Amen. God wanted to do it and he did it. Amen. God wanted to have an upper room and he did it. Amen. Amen. God wanted you washed in his blood. Amen. Hit away in Christ. Amen. Sealed to the day of your redemption. Amen. Living for him, loving him. He wanted it and he did it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. I believe it's the same thing for our children, those that are far off. As me as the Lord our God shall call. He wants it. He's going to have it. He's going to do it. AND WE'RE GOING TO HAVE PERFECT FAITH. WHAT DID BROTHER Jonathan Brother Jonathan said? Perfect faith is taking God at his word. &gt;&gt; Well, how can you take him at his word and someone else can't? I don't know, but he did it in me. &gt;&gt; Amen. He did it in me. It's going to spread. Praise the Lord. He did it. Amen. Hallelujah. I like this. He says, "Hallelujah." Now, now he's speaking about the wave sheath offering here. I'm just wanting to jump in with this thought. I'm sure you can see what I'm talking about. It was waved over the people the first time will come forth for the bride age, for a resurrection. Our dark denominationalism will be a message that uh the full maturity of the word is turned back again in its full power and being waved over the people by the same signs and wonders that he did back there. Because I live, ye live also. Speaking to his wife, because I live, ye live also. What a resurrection that was. And what a resurrection this is. I tell you what, friends, he's done it. &gt;&gt; He did it. Amen. We were all dead in trespasses and sins. Amen. And God has quickened us by the power of the Holy Ghost. Amen. He has done it. He did it. Amen. We're now alive in Christ. Amen. God's quickening power. I trust it's not just lingo to you, BUT HIS QUICKENING POWER HAS COME UPON YOU. AMEN. He's awakened you. He's opened your eyes of understanding. Amen. He's given YOU A FAITH TO believe for the impossible. HE'S GIVEN YOU A FAITH TO TAKE HIM at his word. He's given you a faith that is an OVERCOMING POWER. GOD DID IT. HALLELUJAH. AND NOW WHAT IS HE DOING? HE IS PROVING it that he's done it. &gt;&gt; AMEN. IT'S LIKE DAVID WAS anointed by Samuel and then God was going to prove I did it. I mean, more than a prophet anointing him. It was God. You know, when the anointing oil came upon David, it said the spirit of God was with him from that day on. And what did he do now? He just took him as a as an example and put him before the people to say, "I did it. He's king." He already was king before he was anointed. The reason he was anointed because he was king. &gt;&gt; You always were the bride. &gt;&gt; This message came to identify who you really are. &gt;&gt; As sons and daughters of God. Amen. That's what it's come to do. He's done it. &gt;&gt; He did it. Hallelujah. He did it. And then now what is he going to do? He's going to continuously prove through your life that he did it. I mean, it doesn't matter how sick you can get, how much trouble you can have, HOW BAD YOUR F WHATEVER CAN HAPPEN in your life, he's going to prove it in your life. I did it. Amen. That fa the faith I PUT IN YOUR HEART IS STRONGER THAN CIRCUMSTANCE. IT'S STRONGER THAN TROUBLE, DISCOURAGEMENT, PROBLEMS, religious spirits, whatever it is, God is going to prove I did it. &gt;&gt; Amen. That I've sealed you to the day of your redemption. He's going to prove that. Amen. every spirit. We're going to be tried by every spirit of this age, but God's going to prove no. They're mine cuz he did it. Hallelujah. Jesus would come to Nazareth where he was bought up as his custom was. He went to church. We want to be like Jesus. He went to the synagogue on the Sabbath day, stood up for to read, and there was given to him the book of the prophet Isaiah. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written, "The spirit of Lord is upon me because he has anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He has sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives and the recovering of the sights of the blind and set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord." And he closed the book and gave it again to the minister and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him. And he began to say unto them, "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears." Now, we understand when when brother Brand was preaching birth painans, he was given a a brand new Bible by his wife, he went to open the scripture and and he couldn't find the scripture he was wanting to read. And he found out later, it was actually two pages were stuck together. And a and a and a Orthodox or Catholic priest stood up and actually gave him his Bible for him to read. And you can I think you can hear it on the recording. You you hear this priest say, "Be steady, son. God's going to do great things." And this is all going on. And then you know after the meeting you know him and his you brother Bram and his wife are talking and she was saying how she was so stressed and worried and brother I said no no I wasn't worried God was doing something and um and then after that you know the Lord spoke to him and brought him to this scripture here where it was given into him the word and now we are living and then now the second part all all this is being fulfilled right and then he would preach you go back to Jeffersonville and preach this day is the scripture fulfilled in your ears. Now he did it. Okay. But what blesses me about this is there has to be a living witness in every generation. Okay? Where the anointing of the Holy Ghost rests upon and fulfills this word. Okay? Cuz it's one thing to say because many people are stuck in the prophet's era of caught up in what God did in his life but just looking back saying, "I wish I was back there." As we heard on Monday, we're in 2025, right? The same God back there is the same God today. Amen. So, what blesses me about this is um you know, this this just came, you know, anchored into my heart, I think Monday when brother John was preaching is is this same anointing. Now, we can all testify now. Now, this is us as a people. People come, they're hurting, they're broken, they're lost, they need direction. They need stability, right? And they come here and what does God do? God pours an oil. He pours in the wine. He binds up their broken hearts. He sets them free. He heals them. He reveals to them who they really are. &gt;&gt; Amen. What's happened th this day, this scripture is fulfilled here. &gt;&gt; He did it. &gt;&gt; He did it. The same anointing that was on the Messiah is on you individually and as a group. Praise the Lord. To me, that's phenomenal. Maybe it's just for me. I liked it. Okay. We got to realize we can say, "No, no, the spirit of laws is upon us. He's anointed us to preach the gospel." Now, when I say us, I'm talking about I'm not talking about I'm talking about all of us here because we're a body, right? There's not this is not a oneman band deal. We're a body of believers. God has brought together and God places us in that body and it's a beautiful thing to watch and be part of. Okay. So, he has he has sent us to heal the brokenhearted. I'm just stating the obvious of what's been happening for 13 years. &gt;&gt; He did it. &gt;&gt; Okay? And he's doing it. Brokenhearted people have come in here and their hearts don't stay broken. People have been bound have been delivered. Right? People who can't see spiritually, their sight comes open. &gt;&gt; And people who have been bruised, their spirits been crushed, they've been set free. &gt;&gt; Amen. He did it. You say, "How on earth did he I remember we were Christy and I were talking I can't remember where when, but recently about Oh, we're talking to that sister Cindy who came from Idaho. We saw her last week and on Friday, I think. Was it Friday or Thursday? The days just jumbled together the other day. I'll say it. And um where was I going with that? Oh yes. Cuz she was at a camp in America where brother Craig Bo was preaching and and we just shared with her. Well, you know, before we ever started church, we saw we we saw Brother Craig Boy and he was testifying of when he was young in the Lord, they had a three-year revival where he was living in America and they had 40 souls come in. And it gave us faith that if God can do it there where the message came from, he can do it here. &gt;&gt; He did it. &gt;&gt; He did it. Hallelujah. And I'm not putting a number cap on that. &gt;&gt; Amen. As many need to come, come. Praise the Lord. But he did it. I remember when we first started church, we're thinking, what's this going to turn into? We didn't know. We just were walking out on a promise. But he did it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Has he not done it? And and he's not in the past. He's present this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. But isn't it wonderful? We think he did it. How did he do how did he do it? &gt;&gt; Amen. He did it. Amen. I just think you see brother Eddie the first service the node ever came to. Brother brother brother Kaben was song leading and uh I had this uh lung infection and and uh and the antibiotics were attacking my right knee as they do for some reason. I couldn't walk properly and we're at our first very first church location where rain would come through the ceiling get buckets of water through you know it was it was a special place and you think humanly how on earth could people ever come to the Lord here but he did it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He did it. He hasn't stopped doing it. Praise the Lord. That was a great day. Amen. He did it. I'm just gonna let's just have the musicians actually this morning. I'm just going to finish there. I just want to finish with he did it and I'm so thankful he did it. I wish I could really share it, preach it. How you know, but you all know that feeling, right? In summary, Lord, how could you? You know, you go through a transition. Lord, how could you do it? Then he's doing it. It's like a dream and it's like the realization he did it. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's like brother Bisll. We watched Brother Biscll's I'm a witness, the most recent one. As a family, we we did that for our family altar for a bit. And you know, Brother Biscll I don't know if it was in that one, but I remember him saying cuz he was the boy, you know, he was the young man with the green checkered shirt in the vision shooting the the silver tip grizzly bear in the caribou. He was he was in that vision. He didn't fully he didn't grasp fully that he was in the vision until finally when uh because in the vision there was um there was the the the the antler of the caribou was measured and there's a certain mark on the bottom of the antler to the top where they measure it and it was 42 in. And this is at the end of the vision. So the grizzly bear's been shot. They're carrying the caribou head in and um and I I don't know who had the measuring tape, but you know, Brother Brand staying there and there's Blaine, Brother Bud Southwick's son, and Bud Southwick and brother Ed Biscll's there. And you know, they measure the horn and it's exactly 42 in. And I don't know who said it in the um maybe it was brother Bud said it's 42 in. And brother Brandham just stood there. He says, "There it is." And then when he said there it is, brother Biscll realized the vision he was told he had lived through and he was there. He did it. &gt;&gt; Okay, friends, we're living in a vision. We are living in an unfolding vision of the word of God. We're living in it. And there'll come a day where it fully culminates. But there it is. And we'll realize we've been walking with our frustrations, with our trouble. You know how brother Bis got that green chicken shirt on? He fell in some water in that morning. That's how God caused him to fall into some water that he was dressed right to fulfill the vision. Okay? It's the same thing. We go through ups and downs. I know I get stressed about things and the girls got to live through that, you know. But all those things are for a purpose. &gt;&gt; God is fulfilling the vision of his word in your life. And we can stand this morning and say, "He did it." And he hasn't stopped. Amen. So, let's stand. Let's stand this morning. Amen. You got a you got a song there. &gt;&gt; My God is awome. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; He's awome. Oh, he's awome. He's awome. My God is awome. Oh yes. He's awome. He's awome. He's awome. My God is awesome. He can move the mountains. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been weakened. Forever he my God is awome. Oh yes. He is awome. [Music] He's awome. [Applause] He's awome. He is my God. He's awome. Oh yes, he is awome. My God is awesome. He's awome. My God is awesome. Savior of the world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes are me. My God is yours. day I am forgi is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. My God is awome. Oh yes, he is awome. He's awome. He's awome. He is my God. He's awome. Oh yes, he's awome. [Applause] He's awome. [Applause] He's awome. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's awome. He's awesome. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's awome. Oh yes. He's awesome. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. Oh yes, he is awome. He's awome. My God is awome. Oh yes, he is awesome. [Music] He's awesome. He's awesome. He's a provider. Provider provider. Provider. Provider. He's awome. Oh, he's awome. He's a protector. Protector. Protector. Protect protector. He is awome. Oh yes. He is a deliverer. Deliver deliverer. Deliverer. He's awesome. Oh yes. He is awesome. My God is awome. Oh yes. He is awome. He's awesome. He's awesome. My God is awome. Oh yes. He is awome. [Applause] He's awome. Oh, he is awome. My God is awome. Oh yes, he is awome. [Music] He is awome. He's awesome. My God is awesome. He can move the mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been weakened. Forever he my God is awome. Oh yes. He is awome. He's awome. [Music] He's awome. My God is awome. The savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his hands on me. My God is awome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. My God is awesome. Oh yes, he's awesome. [Applause] He's awesome. He's awesome. My God is awesome. Oh yes, he's awesome. Oh, he is awesome. [Applause] He's awome. My God is awesome. Oh yes, he is awesome. Oh, he is awesome. Oh, I give myself away. Oh yes, I do. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am, Lord. Here I stand, [Applause] Lord. My life is in your hands. Lord I see see your desire reveal in me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. You can do me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. So you can take my heart. Take take my life as a livinging sacrifice. All my all of my [Music] Lord I give myself away. [Applause] I give myself away so you can't I give myself away. [Music] [Applause] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] [Applause] I give myself away. So you can use me. Oh Lord, my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself. I give myself to you. My life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. My life is not my own. My life is not my own. To you I belong. Lord, I give myself I give myself to you. My life is not my own. My life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. Oh yes I do. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can hear me. I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. And Lord, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and forever more. Oh my hope is in love forever. I standing all within the presence of the Lord. The wisdom of the angels. [Music] You're the only star. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Stop. [Music] Oh my is [Music] [Applause] And the bless [Music] rise to meet the s who are forgiveness. [Music] And those who trust in you, they will find their hearts at rest. My is [Applause] [Music] [Applause] forever [Music] my [Music] [Applause] Oh [Music] my go from this time on and forever more Lord my home is in the Lord [Music] for all my Hope is in the Lord. Oh Lord my [Music] alone from the time on [Music] my own. [Applause] My hope is in the Lord. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord. [Music] I'm fighting the battle. You've already won. No matter what comes my way, I will come. I don't know what you'll do. But I know what you've done. [Applause] I'm fighting the battle. You already won. [Music] [Applause] There's a peace that outlast darkness for this hope that's in the blood. There's a peace that's mine today. Jesus Christ has come so I can face tomorrow in your hand. All I need [Music] you. [Music] I'm fighting. [Music] You already won. No matter what comes my way, I will overcome. I know what you'll do [Music] cuz I know what you've done. I'm fighting a battle. You've already won. [Applause] There is a waiting matter for today. And when it's gone, I know you're not. You are my hope and strength. Oh, so when the sea is raging, your spirit is my help. I'll fix my eyes on Jesus Christ. I'll say that is well. Oh, I know that it is well. I'm fighting. [Applause] You're ready. No matter what comes my way. I will go. I know what you do. Cuz I know what you know. [Applause] I'm fighting a battle. You already know. [Applause] I'm fighting a battle. You've already won. No matter what comes my way, I will overcome. I know what you'll do to me cuz I know what you've done. I'm fighting a battle. You've already won. Hallelujah. Ain't that the truth? Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, unfortunately, it's brother Mario's last Sunday. So, we're going to miss you, bro. &gt;&gt; Godspeed. Lord continue to lead lead you and guide you. We've loved having you here. You know, you know the youth prayer meeting that we have on a Monday night and the social things. Do you know who started that? &gt;&gt; Amen. That's a real man. &gt;&gt; Has a desire. We're going to have a prayer meeting. You know, we've wanted these things. You know, one of these things for years and how can we do it? Well, praise the Lord. God inspired you. &gt;&gt; God inspired you to do it. &gt;&gt; That's amazing. So wherever you go, I pray you come back here, but you know, wherever you go, may you always just be led like that to want to bring the young people together, encourage the body, be a blessing that you are. Okay. So, um, you want to come up here? We're going to pray with you. Um, this is not a ritual. This is this is what we do cuz we want everyone to go in the power of God. And so, Brother Marion, uh, his cousin, your cousin's coming, e, from Namibia or South Africa. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. for like a month and then he then you're gonna go to overseas. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, come up here, my bro. Who wants to come pray? &gt;&gt; Who appreciates brother Marion? &gt;&gt; Come up here, bro. You know, we truly do. You've been You've been a blessing. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you so much. Through the co years. Amen. man in that little little hut. I think you and uh uh BB and John Maloney and Yeah. And I praise the Lord. We appreciate all you've done. Amen. Someone was the voice of reason there. Wait, that's online. Okay. Sorry. Anyway, let's um let's bow our heads in our hearts. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. We appreciate Brother Marion, Lord Jesus, so much, Lord. What a blessing he has been and is to us. Lord, he came in a very important time for us as a fellowship, Lord, for for the young people, Lord Jesus. And Lord, you've just taken him from glory to glory. And we say thank you, Lord. And Father, this next phase of his life, Lord God, seeing showing his cousin around and his plans for after that. May you continue to direct his steps, Lord Jesus. Father, I pray he'll just, Lord, you know his s his great sincerity towards you, Lord. You know, he wants to please you and walk with you. But I pray, Father, in that too, Lord, may he just have a fearlessness knowing that you are his God. You're his strength, his help, his guidance, his leader, his all in all his high priest, Lord, his his lamb. Lord Jesus. Father, may you bless him abundantly. Dear God, may your anointing rest upon him. Father, I pray always, Lord God, that he would continue to turn to you, Lord Jesus, because you are his shepherd. And may you prosper his way, Father, wherever you would lead him, dear God. Go before him, surround him, and may he always know he is never alone because you are with him, Lord Jesus. And Father, you're molding and shaping him into your image, Lord of your word. We thank you for what we've seen you do in his life while he's been here. We thank you for the blessing he is. And may he continue to be a blessing wherever he goes in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless, my brother. you buddy. God bless you. Amen. God bless you all. You are dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. Appreciate you all. Everyone except for the musicians. So, if you're in the band at all, make sure you stay here. Okay. Like, brother Colin, stay here. Naomi, stay here. Bass. Yep. Yo. Yeah, your bass. Yep. I think Brother Kubin, song leader, I heard this morning. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Okay. All right. Awesome. We got a good group of willing. Yep. Well, more than they're more than prospects. They are it. You sit in that seat. You're it. U What about you, Aiden? Are you you up here? You
