################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-30 - 300725 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana - Mpho Nkoana.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-30
Title:   300725 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana
Speaker: Mpho Nkoana
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbhh_CX2tjM
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Amen. God bless you saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Let's just stand this evening as we open in a word of prayer. I trust we've all come expecting tonight. Let's bow our heads. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for this wonderful evening you've given us, Lord. A day, Lord Jesus, where we knew you were in our midst, Lord Jesus, with us all every step of the way, Lord. And Lord, I pray that as we see, as time is drawing to a close, Lord Jesus, that we'd make our hearts ready, that we'd get to that spot, Lord Jesus, where we know that, Lord Jesus, we're ready. that if you come, Lord Jesus, where our hearts are ready, Lord Jesus, we're prepared, Lord, that we wouldn't just muck around, Lord Jesus, or just, Lord Jesus, doing the things that we want to do in life, Lord, but that we'd live to the cause that you've set for us, Lord Jesus. And um Lord, I just pray that you would just quicken that to our hearts, Lord Jesus, that would be a a real hungering for us to want to do that and a thirst, Lord Jesus, for more of you, Lord, to share it with the world, Lord. I pray that you Lord Jesus you be with us tonight Lord as we've come Lord to hear from you once again and Lord I pray that as we've come expected Lord that you speak through the minister brother Paul Lord Jesus and speak to our hearts Lord you know every need Lord Jesus and I pray Lord that as the musicians play Lord Jesus I pray you just play through them Lord Jesus that your atmosphere would come down in a mighty way this evening Lord Lord I pray for those that couldn't make it be their portion Lord and I pray it in Jesus name amen Amen. I saw within the city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, that see where the night I'm over there. And when there I am going where the lamb is the light. Oh, in that city. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where they come with no knock. Another mansion over there. And we're free from to care. I am going where the lamb is the light. And there's a country far beyond the starry sky. And there's a city where never comes alive. And if we're faithful, we shall go by and by that city where the land is the light. In that city, in that city where the land is alive [Music] in that city where they come with no [Music] mansion over there and free from soul and care. I am going where the lamb is the light. Here we have our days of sunshine. But we know that the sun would shine upon us now so bright. We'll be chasing clouds and rain until we go. Oh, in that city where the laugh is a lot. In that city, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night, another mansion over there and we're free from toy care. I am going where the land is alive. The day the flowers bloom forever and the day shall be one eternal day without a night. And our tears shall be forever wiped away. In that city where the lamb is alive. Cuz in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they come with no [Music] mansion over there and we're free from to care. I am going where the lack is the lie. And here we have our disappointments all the while and our fondness over with bitter blood. Oh, by night we eat the morning brings a smile. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they come, there's no night of a mansion over there and made three or I am going where the land is alive. In the sunlight, twilight. Not a shadow came up with soul pride. For I know that up in heaven there is room. In that city where the land is a lot. Oh, in that city. In that city where the land is alive. In that city where there cometh no [Music] mansion over there and wait three months don't care I am going where the land is alive. Oh in that city in that city where the land is alive. Oh, in that city where they come with no [Music] mansion over there and wait for I am going where the land is a lot. Oh, in that city in that city where the land is the light. Oh, in that city where there cometh no night. Oh, of a mansion over there and way free from toing care. I'm going where the land is cuz God is good. [Music] all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. Oh, God is good. And all the time and through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. God is good. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. And if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you, don't forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time and through the darkest night his star will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] [Applause] And we were sinners, so unworthy. And so bore us to die. Filled us with filled us with this Holy Spirit. Now we can stand and testify. that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. All time through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, God is good. God is good [Music] all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of my God is good all the time. Through the darkest night his light will shine. God is good. God is good. Oh, God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good all the time. Amen. You just slow it down tonight. [Music] Purify my heart. Let me be as gold and precious silver pure in my heart. Let me be as gold. Your Lord re [Music] my heart is [Music] to be holy set upon For you, my Lord, I choose to be holy. Set up for you, my master. I'm ready to do your purify purify my heart. Bless me from and make me holy purify my heart. Let me from within deep within the but [Music] desire is to be to be. for you. Set up for you to see for [Applause] [Music] set upon for you my master. I'm ready to do your purify. Purify love. Let me come with [Music] and make me holy pure. [Music] with me for my soul [Music] [Applause] [Music] is to me. Holy set you my Lord I choose to be [Music] holy set for you my master [Music] your way. Oh, I'm ready to be your holy my words for sure. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs [Music] as I often do. But every song will stay and you never do. So I throw my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else but for king. It's there for heart single [Music] hal. So I throw my hands I throw my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else before him. Therefore I sing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I'm a resp. [Music] [Music] [Applause] All that I have is [Music] I know it's not much but I'm nothing else for except for single halle Hallelujah. [Music] So come on my soul. Don't you get sh on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shine on me. Lift up your soul. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those arms. Get up and praise. But oh come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. Cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh. Oh, come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you get inside me. Lift up your soul. You got a lion inside those arms. Get up and pray. Oh, so I throw my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is hallelujah. [Applause] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else big for except for singing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So I throw my hands. I throw my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else for kings except for a heart singing hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] Let's sing. I I So I throw up my hands. So I &gt;&gt; Oh, praise you again and again. All I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; I know he's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah to hallelujah. [Music] Amen. &gt;&gt; What a wonderful song. &gt;&gt; Beautiful songs of Zion that we are singing tonight. Amen. Greeting you all in the name of our Lord Jesus. And I trust you had a wonderful day. And uh a Christian always have a good day. So I believe that you've had a good day today. And while we standing without any waste of time, let's just read. I don't have a PowerPoint, but uh um I I just felt like going to back to the the old school, you know, printing paper. While we standing, let's just read uh we'll read uh two scriptures. Thank you so much, Josh. That was wonderful. Musicians, all of you, that was good. God bless you richly. Amen. Appreciate musicians. Amen. &gt;&gt; They they created an an atmosphere. &gt;&gt; While you come and you are full of traffic in your mind and you are full of uh listening to your body, the song leader comes and the musicians then they calm you down. Music calms you down. &gt;&gt; So godly music it is it even do more. So while we standing before all pre preliminaries let's just read John John chapter 3. We'll read John chapter 3 from verse 16 and once you are there please say amen. Uh from verse 16 just two verses. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him shall not perish but have everlasting life. So the word I would like you to underline in that verse is for God so loved loved the world. &gt;&gt; Right? Just just take that part just just underline just bold it. Let's quickly go to Matthew then we can see it. Matthew 22. Matthew 22 and then verse 37. I can read it quickly for you. Verse 37. Uh Jesus said unto him, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." This is the first and great commandment. And the second is like it's like unto it. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much Lord that we can have such a privilege to read your word. I know and we all know that Lord anyone can read it. But it takes you to inspire it. It takes you Lord to anoint it. It takes you Lord to come and speak it yourself and interpret it to your children. It takes you my father my God to connect uh your word and your children. We cannot do anything by ourselves. That is why we invite you Lord to bless your word as we read it because you gave us a promise that where two or three are gathered in your name, you will be there. We therefore Lord pray and ask that you you also forgive us our wrongs Lord our mistakes our folly our stupidity sometimes Lord our ignorance I pray Lord that you forgive us as my brother always pray father forgive us even our secret sins I pray father as I commit each and every one of your children they have made an effort to come here Lord surely not to hear me but to listen to you father to connect with you I pray that you bless each one and give them each a portion Lord according to your promise and those that are also listening and streaming with us tonight. May you bless them. May the same atmosphere Lord just also anoint and be with their a Lord. We commit the rest of the service into your hands in the name of our loving Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Please enjoy the comfort as I have as I have loved you. That he also Sorry, what did I say? That ye love one another as I have loved you. That he also love one another. You love one another as I loved you. So I want you to love one another. That's what the Lord says. As I have loved you. The moment you hear the word s, there's a comparison there. Not a comparison as such, but there's something that you need to do like the other one. The Lord says, "The way I love you, I want you to love one another like that." You catching it? Um uh now verse 35, he says, "By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples if you do what? &gt;&gt; If you love one another." So tonight and as we have read those three scriptures, I want us to speak about love and life. Love and life. Maybe we can just put a subcontext and say the ways of a perfect love. The ways you know how perfect love, what is it, how it works, what how does it affect us? What is this perfect love? Amen. But I want us to to take this title love and life. You see where we have read all those three scriptures have got an underlying factor love. The first one talks about uh for God so loved the world that he gave it his only begotten son. The second part talks about the greatest commandment that you must love the Lord your God. And then the third scripture talks about that us now loving one another. All of them you you you heard them all of them have got an underlying factor love. So let's just take that thought in our minds in our hearts and just relax while your belts are tight and just enjoy in the presence of God. you you know that there's nothing really me I can tell you but God can ordain something that can benefit you eternally just from a simple little service like this God can bless you so much and then something that you can even remember when we go home and say hey brother God used you in on that service for this and this and that because that would have been an eternal nugget for you amen so let's just look at this love and life and I'm going to use a physical love filio just to give you a comparison just to show you some of the features of what I'm talking about this love we find that h there is a strong relationship between love and life you we we find that there is I want to call it a a causal relationship you know when you do econometric or statistics they teach you about a causal link. There's a causal a causal. It's not just a relationship or a correlation. It's not just a a correlation. You see these things are just parallel there. Maybe I could just be pouring water out. So, there's a correlation. The way I pour water from these two bottles in a bucket, but but it's not they don't none of this causes each other to do that. They they're not really they don't cause each other to do something. they are just correlated or they just they just there's a co there's a pattern between these two but they don't affect each other. But when you talk of love and life, it seems to me that love and life there's a causal. There's one that seems to be causing the other, you know, when I say that uh ice cream uh there's a causal relationship between ice cream and milk. The more milk we have, the more ice cream we produce. &gt;&gt; So there's a the less milk we produce, we don't have much ice cream. So there's a causal one causes the other to happen. If the one goes up another so there's a causal link. So it seems to me you can look at it yourself that love and life goes together. You look at it differently as we go along with this with this with this discussion. Now now the the issue about love is that love creates an atmosphere. Okay, you'll catch me. You know when a husband and a wife get married and they love one another. Now the atmosphere they create at home creates life to happen. It it causes the atmosphere causes life to come. Love causes it seems to me that love triggers the exist the manifestation of how life comes or how life exist. Why the Bible says for God so loved the world. For God so loved the world. God loved us so much until he just gave himself to us. &gt;&gt; Isn't it? The Bible says God is love. &gt;&gt; Huh? Is that so? The Bible says God is love. So God loved He gave himself. He He He loved us so much to a point where he decided to give us life. Okay. I've got my own theory. Actually, it's not mine. It's for another man called Dr. Steven Kovi. Dr. Steven Kovi said, "I don't have to you don't have to swallow this. I'm just sharing with you because I I I I actually believe what he said. He said love is actually a decision. Love is not some miraculous thing that oh at first sight I just fell." No, there's no such a thing. I just fell in love. I just automatically happened on on the first day. The very day I just just love at first sight. No, no, no. You're lying. There's no your decision at first sight. You decided to love him or to love her at first sight based on whatever information or factors or whatever whatever criteria you used. But why love? Why love is a decision mali? Love is a decision because if in his mind he decide to love you you don't know but he just sit there he don't know anyone he decides his criteria of loving you is different from the criteria of Ben loving Christine or loving each one have got their own criteria or their own way but you just choose to of all I don't know they say Women forms the bigger part of the population in the world. Yeah, I think it's 1 is to 9 or 1 is to six. I can't remember. Women are many. So out of so many billions of women, you just choose to love her. Okay. So So love is is specific, is purpose, is is purposeful, and is a decision that is well thought. I'm talking about genuine love. I'm talking about God's love. God did not just willy-nilly just throw everybody in there and just and select and select and then and then call that predestination. God carefully thought okay let's hold it there. Why why why I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm saying I agree with Steven Kovi. You look at different things. It's like he says love is actually a a verb. It's a verb. It's not a It's a doing. &gt;&gt; It's a doing. It's a doing word. It's not a It's not adjective. It's a doing word. It's a verb. H for love to really manifest itself. There must be something happening. You There must be something you do. &gt;&gt; There must be something happening for us to see that. Oh, no. No. It's because he loves her. It's because they love one another. That is why this Are we together? If there's no doing, how can how else can we see love? &gt;&gt; How else? So, for God so loved the world and he gave, you see, he loved us. What if God just loved us and he just kept quiet? &gt;&gt; No. No. He loved us and then he gave us his only begotten the way he loved us. So my question is, why do you love him? Why? Why? Why do you love God? Brother Colin, you know, if I had a billion check, I'll give it to you. Now, I asked my Sunday school as well. I can't remember who got it right. You see, there's nothing really that you can bring in return to compensate God's love &gt;&gt; or to thank him enough. Nothing. Nothing in you. It's like, okay, physically we can say, "Oh, no." Maggie can say, "Ah, no." Because Benny is is handsome. He's a nice guy. Because he's he's this way, this way. That's why you see. But the reality, the truth of fact of the matter, you are retaining his love because he first loved you. That is the true fact of the matter. You you you you love him because he first loved you. We love God because had it not been for his love, how else would we love him? &gt;&gt; Exactly. What what what will we do is primarily other things accepted but we love him because he first loved us and chose us. He first first of all Reuben loved us that was him because he is love. Okay. Then he gave us life. It seems to me again that life whenever you see love h it seems to be a trigger a trigger of life to happen life when where love is my mother loved loves trees you know she he she's got what they call green hands so he'll talk to her trees and do things to her trees and and one day there was this other I told you the story there was this other orange tree that was not bearing sweet. So she prayed for it and loved it and then and then eventually she just bought a 12 12.5 kilogram of sugar and she put it there on the tree on around the tree there. You know when we make a tree you put a thing to put water you know the ground you make the ground so that when you pour water the water can stay. So she pour it there and mix it up like like fertilizer and pour water there. And then the next season the fruit came sweet. So he gave it some love. He gave it something to be sweet about. Surely that sugar went there be processed by the tree and the soil and everything. All of a sudden the the oranges came and they were sweet. So where where where love is something called life emerge. And we will see how does love do that as we go along. Right. So that was the first page that I had here. Therefore I say that the impact of love when it permeates, when it goes through, when it floods, when it goes out, love the the the impact of that, it actually triggers life to emerge. You'll see what I mean by that. But you have already seen it because I gave you a practical example. I said husband and wife, it does not mean if they don't have a child or or there's no atmosphere of life. All I'm just trying to say to you, we see the fruits of their love. When love is in their home, we see the fruits. One of those fruits, life comes. Offsprings. You'll get me now. God is love. God is the fountain of love himself. So which means actually the God is the fountain of life. Because where there is love, love comes. So he's the fountain of life. Because he's the fountain of love. Now that love is the one that I am talking about today. The what we call agapo love. Agapo love. Aap agap love. That was first page. I only have six. Then we go home. Now let's go slowly. I don't want to go ahead of myself. I know it's prayer meeting but I'll be quick. They say love is blind. Some people say love is blind. I don't know if I should agree or disagree. They say love is blind. But you see what I saw is that even though love is blind but love is able to open the gates. Love opens the gate through faith. &gt;&gt; Love love love is powerful. The prophet says it is the most powerful one of the most powerful instruments. Love is it. If he's blind I don't know. for Isaac, but it opens the gate. Why is it blind? Because it does not look at the left or the right. It does not It just decides. I love this one. Have you ever I don't know. This maybe could be a bad example, but there's no ugly human being. There's no ugly human being. But just because we humans, we like to say, the word ugly exists now, isn't it? But listen, have you ever seen an ugly man? An ugly man? Have you ever seen him? But maybe he's beautiful inside. But an ugly man married to a very beautiful woman. Have you ever come across? Why? Because love is a decision. Sometimes it does not even go according to the looks. It's a decision that is based on a number of things. And I don't know what God saw in us to choose and love us. I don't know what God saw in Jacob that he did not see in Esau. His pre p pre-elective love when he pre-elected. He chose what did God see to give you eternal life. Anyway, let's move on. The prophet says when divine love is projected sovereign grace takes place. Then I say then then faith opens all the blockages because love faith you see love is actually the the main one. love, faith, powerful h grace, everything else but love is such a unique thing that for me it looks to be the pillar or the pivot around which all these things are are rotating because without love you know in the book of Corinthians we'll read it at the end Paul says without love none of those nothing actually can stand without love that's why it says for God so loved the world. Who is God? God is the word. The one who was at the beginning, the one which the Bible says at the beginning was God was the word at the beginning. What was before the beginning? A big fountain of love that needed to be expressed. And that was and and that was God. But it was before he was God. It was him before the beginning. a huge fountain self-existing one. Amen. Now love actually helps you to determine it determines your attitude. The way you love that determines how your attitude is going to come out and your altitude. How high you can fly. Now love actually makes you to be humble. Love creates an atmosphere for you to be humble. How how is only a humble person will love their enemy. Only a humble person will love the one that doesn't love them. The one that you can look there and can kill you or poison you, you love that one. &gt;&gt; It must be very humble. So love makes you to be humble. Love, the love of God makes it it helps you to destroy giants. Giants. You know those giants that brother Ben spoke about here one time destroying the giants. The giants because some giants when they come they don't they don't appear to be giants. But they are giants in our lives. Only love, the presence of Agapolaf, the love of God can destroy all those giants. How? Look at David. The giant was staring at him. But David loved God so much that his faith and trust in God propelled or pushed him to destroy that giant. It was because of the love of those mighty men of valor of valor that made them to go and get water for David. It's because they loved him. You think they just wanted to be seen and be popular and be important? Okay, let let's just move on. I want us to talk about just on this one quotation. Oh, love identifies giants and it actually will single them out and then destroy them. Love. What what I mean by that is that it is love that actually will help you to generate through the atmosphere faith and then you'll have you won't like like Joshua says you know I like how he puts it when he was praying he says we we don't we don't come here to mock around we don't mock around we don't yeah so love it helps you you love God so much that when the enemy comes you know This is the trail of the enemy. The ident the word of God will identify the enemy, single him out. And then it was love that made Jesus to say to Peter, "Get thee behind me, Satan." He was not addressing Peter. He was addressing the devil who wanted to hide &gt;&gt; in the weakness of Peter. &gt;&gt; You see, so in the flesh, you could have said, "Ah, why is the Lord talking to Peter like that?" No, no. Love. He loved Peter so much. Okay, let's look at uh just just this one. Love creates an atmosphere. Brother Brennham in the message divine uh what is what is the same one here? Yeah, divine love. He says, "And that bull came to me just as hard as he could." Remember the story of the bull? You know the story of the bull? &gt;&gt; It was love that stopped the bull. It was not because brother Brennham is powerful or or anywhere. It was because of love. God wanted to show the prophet the power of love. Just a pure holy love in my heart. What did it do? It created an atmosphere. And that bull, that bull, it ran into that atmosphere. So the bull came running. It was outside the the outside the circle of the of of of love and then when it came and then it just went into that circle and then it changed everything. &gt;&gt; What love it came within the radius of love the bull I mean &gt;&gt; and then it stopped. &gt;&gt; Can you see how powerful love is? Love stops a fury, furious, furious maniac who comes to squash brother. He came determined to kill him. Only love. You know, you know why I'm telling all these things? Because I know that you know and I understand and know that you know. The reason we come here is because we remind one another. We are here to encourage one another. We are here to remind one another to be inspired and anointed refilled again because God gave it to you and the enemy wants to cover it and and make it look shallow. Love is so powerful. &gt;&gt; It it it ran into the atmosphere and it stopped. Even the bull can't tell you why did I stop when I I went with an intention to kill him. Even the money I cannot tell you why. If we exercise that love How many are prepared to love their enemies? Maybe you don't have to one who can poison you. I want to love that one. No wonder the prophet says even if God can I can find myself in hell, he throws him hell, I I'll love him. Why? Why? Why? Physically speaking, Isaac, it doesn't make sense. If God throws you in hell, you love him. That love is so deep. &gt;&gt; It's deeper than all hell. Because the prophet, if he say, in other words, he's thrown in hell, he can go down through hell. Right at the bottom outside of hell, he'll find God's love. That's how deep. It's deeper than the deepest hell. You know the song, &gt;&gt; the love of God is so powerful. I read for you the story of that day. Now, not over 10 feet from me, he he stopped and he threw his feet out. He looked right there so defeated with that most meicious look on his face. He's telling us the story of that boy. Listen, brother, if a man loves God, the right kind of an atmosphere he could get into, it will produce a newborn babe. Just as certain as you I am here, it it is the atmosphere that counts. You see, love creates an atmosphere that can take you somewhere where you can't believe it's not selective. No, it doesn't. It doesn't go according to a the filo love criteria. You see, filio is a very dangerous love. We'll talk about it now. It's a nice love. We use it here on earth, but it has got a lot of limitations. &gt;&gt; It's got a lot of weaknesses, a lot of loopholes, a lot of gray areas. It has got even death inside it. Feel your love. So limited. So I'm telling you of this one that you have. I'll show you now that you have it. My time also brothers and sisters. Love heals. &gt;&gt; Love it heals. I'll tell you a story if my wife doesn't mind. me when I'm sick. I just want my wife to show me that she loves me. Just to just to look at me, tell me she loves me, and then just that tomorrow I'm healed. That's what happens. You don't mind of that one, honey? So, if you want to be healed, get into love. Love and be and love heals. It will create an at it. It gives birth. It gives life. It love it. Okay. When you plant a plant, that plant has been there all the time. So what makes that love that that that plant to start growing is because inside it has got what we call a fountain of life. The gin seed it has got a love in it. Then it gets into an atmosphere. That atmosphere is the one that starts to make it good. But it has always been heavy. We are jumping into another aspect now. So it makes an atm an atmosphere is everything. It if you got to create an atmosphere and you your faith will do it. Love will create that atmosphere of faith and your faith will open the gates. You love so much so that faith comes out because in love inside love there's built everything is built up in there but you need an atmosphere for each one of them to come for faith for grace to love your enemy to destroy your enemy to get healed to everything is built in that God who is love is in there it's just for you to access it including gifts Amen. The atmosphere of faith, the atmosphere of life, the atmosphere of forgiveness, the atmosphere of healing, the atmosphere of grace, the atmosphere atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere. That's what love creates. It creates an atmosphere of positive thinking. What what else can I mention? Love can create an atmosphere where your boss, they will give you an increase. You love them so much so and that will create an atmosphere. It will create an atmosphere that people who are swearing when they are next to you, they just say, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to talk like that." Why? Because you you you create an atmosphere. But no, no, no, no, no. We want to some Okay, I'll leave that one. I want to speak nice only tonight. Um, love. The Bible said that God so loved the world. We read this one. Now, God loves the world and God is love. And when God project himself to the world to save the world, there could be nothing else but sovereign grace. So was grace going to come if God did not love? No. Was healing going to come? Was life going to come? Was everything that you need going to come if God did not love you? But the first commandment he said love God. You bring that love back with all your mind. In other words, with all your your mind, your soul and your heart. So meaning body, soul and spirit. with your outside body to start with. But people must know that ah this man loves God. From the outside it's not there's nothing like no it's just inside. From the outside people must know every day of my life people must know that that one is that full foolish Christian that you know that foolish boy man called Samson that foolish Christian. Yeah that's how they must address me and I feel so good about it because I'm I love God. So the the world because the love of God is stupidity to the world is stupidness. What do you call wise and wisdom? The world says foolishness. Why? Because you have the love of God. The world does not know it. They don't have it. I I must love them until they love him. &gt;&gt; Love also do very very very ridiculous things. love it makes ridiculous things. It just release a man from the cross who are supposed to die and say that man must go for free for free. Okay. Anyway, what did you do? Look, if there's anything that me I have done, I the Lord should have just destroyed me. But instead, he loves me with all what I've done. With all what you have done and what you have been and he still loves you just by being born, you already sinful, supposed to die, Sister Wii, we were supposed me and you were supposed to go down. We were born guilty. But no, he he already had a plan before. We didn't know. He had a plan for us where he pre pre-ordained us to come and show his love. Otherwise, if we didn't come this route, that love wasn't going to be manifested and be sin today. That's the reason why we were born sinners. We were not born sinners because u well we were born guilty but actually it was for the purpose of God. You understand me my sister? Now I was saying go love makes unbelievable things ridiculous sometimes and when when when when a king is born when when you go now to the UK cuz that's the well-known royal family we know there's other royal families when you go there and they say you know you know little Prince William uh when he was going to be born. It was a big project, my friend. It had a big government budget because a prince is going to be born. A king, a future king is going to be born. So everything is prepared. Doctors and professors make research to understand the dynamics of how the king should be born. But this king so ridiculously was just born in a manger. He he he does ridiculous things. He He's a simple simple king. Simple is an understatement. Hey, this one was not born that the way that we will imagine a king should be born. But yet he was the king of all kings, but he was born in such a way. Who could believe he was in heaven and he was called Michael? You know he was more humble than than Lucifer. Lucifer was he even thought that he actually can overthrow this guy. He didn't have the revelation to know that this is my actually my creator. He's just in a body of Michael. When he took that office and he was Michael the he was an angel Michael. Lucifer thought ah he can be better than him. He's Lucifer is beautiful. He's looks shining. He's got a singing gift everything and he's on the second hand of God and he thought ah this Michael was humble but he was the very very God who made him and Lucifer did not have the revelation. So God is very humble but inside there there's everything inside he's so simple that they miss him. He was born in a manger wrapped up in swaddling what do you call cloths and everything. He he he just sent a man with a a stick to go and take over an empire. &gt;&gt; That's ridiculous, isn't it? &gt;&gt; That's unbelievable. That's unacceptable. It even depleted for Pharaoh. He didn't know what this guy Yeah. I mean really are you must be just bring psychologist to check him. &gt;&gt; No no I've come to to take over and take my people go. &gt;&gt; Ah are you okay sir? So that's how the love of God works. It makes ridiculous things ridiculous. Unbelievable things. Down page three. Let's talk about this filio love. You see Filio and Agapul sometimes we must be very careful. Sometimes we you know we all love our children but actually we should love our children with agap. We should actually be loving our children with agap love. We should be loving our husbands and our wives with agapol love because fo love fails. Fil love is a love here for here. the one that I love my wife, the one that I love my children. But it's so limited. If a man takes another man takes another man's wife, you will see filio love. He will shoot him and kill him. That's filio love. He loves his wife so much that another man take his wife and he just kill him. He's got jealousy in it. It's got weaknesses. The love of God has got no those things. But sometimes, can I can I just throw a throw a little bomb? Sometimes we use feel your love to love God. We don't we can't do that. So sometimes we we we take feel your love and we want to use it to love God. You know why? Because feel your love is you do for me, I do for you. Feel your love inside it's got a builtin mechanism where if you I can't really benefit, I can't really love you. It's it's a selfcentered selfish love. It's not a selfless feel your love if you check it carefully. Ah if I don't benefit ah why? And sometimes it has hides those things that oh I love you so much with the love of the Lord my dear brother. No no no I mean if you borrow me your car. Oh brother Ben I appreciate you so much. I I love because I know I want to build a house. You see, so I say, "Oh, this brother loves me. Such a wonderful man of God." Three months down the line, "Hey, brother, you know, as the Lord leads me, I would you help me?" Then the brother gives me a good quotation that that's fel sometimes feel your love. If you cannot if you hate me, feel your love actually cannot give love back. It hasn't got that ability. So we're talking of agap the one that is God himself. Did I say it right? Was that that was not a strong powerful bomb. Fil love is like that. So the children of God we are given divine love. Agapo love and is part of what we are given in this kingdom. Filo love actually. Okay, I think I've spoken a lot about feel love. But what I want to say here is that when divine love is in your heart, there is a difference in your life. Everybody can see that this person is different. You you you live like a Christian. You act like a Christian. You walk like a Christian. You do everything like as a Christian should do. You you're not ashamed to be called a Christian. Your God is God. not other things takes priority because the Bible says love your the Lord your God with all that's the first thing so the first priority every day of when you wake up when you do things when your status whatever you do should be about him should reflect him if you do things that don't reflect him that don't bring honor to him do you love him with all your outside or just the spirit and it's is is minimal Ah and also that love cast out fear. It cast fear away. Fear cannot stand in the presence of agapola or divine love that we are talking of. It can't just it just it's not just possible. It's not even about whether brother bell you want or not. At the moment a he puts himself in you. Fear just just cannot until a man writes a song and said fear. What did he say? Zack. Zack. I like Zack. You know if I can meet him one day I'll ask him to sing for me. He he he spoke about fear. Fear. What is fear? He's he's a liar. He's a liar. fear. He can't stand in the presence of agap. So the the key thing is have agap have that divine love and you tell me love believes doesn't doubt it. It love believes it believes everything. You love me. Yes, I believe you. You tell me everything. I'll buy you a train and an airplane. Yes, I believe you. Until another man said, "Okay, after after another lady said after buy me the train and then the rail, who's going to build the rail for me?" He was believing everything. Yes. We're going to I want I'm going to read this one and then then we read Corinthians. Then we read Corinthians. Then we go into prayer. Love is one of the greatest instrument. Remember I told you and there is is is one of the greatest instruments that there is in God's great economy. God himself is love. The Bible said that he is love. And when he he when you become one of his children, you become part of that love. Isn't that wonderful? You are part of God's economy now. Once you become his child, you are in God's economy. And it is one of the biggest instruments. So it is a magnificent thing to be a son and a daughter of God because it shows the love that is in you. So never allow the enemy to to say to you, you don't have the love of God. In fact, what you need to do every day is to say, "Love, Lord, give me more of your love. Give me more of your love. Increase for me every day." That's what you and me should be doing. Let me love the unlovable. Let me love the stinking street people that I see there in Courtney Place. Let me love those ones. love them to a point where they just want to go with me and I bring them to to him. Love is very ridiculous. It's very he doesn't choose who love. He doesn't love according to oh Reuben is my friend. Doesn't classify people. You know you heard on Sunday that in God's kingdom we we don't have categories. There's no categories of this group, that group. No, no, that's not God's love. God's love. We are all the same and wonderful. That's how it works. It's so powerful that once you've got the enemy can bring a root of bitterness, &gt;&gt; love eradicates it so quick. If you're the son of God, it removes it clean better than the detergent. That's how love works. Because the root of bitterness will always wants to come and every time it comes many fall many trips but no the root of bitterness the Bible when it comes it you it must find that there is a love and it can't stand there it will not take hold of any Christian or god-fearing person when any root of bit I don't know why I'm going that route I mean that that direction but what I want to say is that any type of evil H plantations or anything that the enemy can bring once it finds love. It just the formula does not work. That formula does not work for the devil. So the formula is divine love. Huh? Divine love. Huh? Divine love. Huh? Divine love. Because it just opens up all what you want. It just gives everything. It brings you a healing. It takes away your stress levels. It gives you a That's why there's a reason why God says love the Lord your God with your mind, your heart, and your soul. Because that love of God, it even heals your body, your outside body. You just say, "Brother Paul, isn't it keto?" No, no, no, no, no. It's not keto. I'm just shining and nice. I'm nice because of the love of God. &gt;&gt; That's that's how the love of God works. You say, "Ah, sister, nowadays you're glowing." Hey, hey, analyst. Oh, no. It's the love of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's how it was it. But if you don't have the love of God, what happens? They say, "I don't want to look at that guy, man. He's always angry. That guy is not in the mood today." The love of God does not have moods. And the the love of God, the love of God goes above even all your hormones. It goes above. Just love him more. You'll see. &gt;&gt; It goes above everything. Whether a man grows or goes younger or he's old or a woman is old or it just the love of God just command it opens all the doors. It creates an atmosphere to tell the that hormone that hey you love of God. &gt;&gt; That's how the formula works for the for the divine love. So it is the actually what is the the word called for medicine? It is the the dose. It is the antidote. Thank you. It is the antidote of everything in our lives. The love of God. We're going to stop now. I won't ask you to open that scripture. But listen to this. First Corinthians 13. Though I can speak with tongues of men and of angels and have no charity. Me, I'm talking to me here. If anything I'm saying, you don't necessarily agree with me. Just know that I'm actually referring to myself. Okay? But I know you agree with me. If I I am become a I'm becoming a sounding brass and a thinking a tingly symbol. And though I I I I have gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge though I have all faith faith so that I could remove mountains and have no charity. I'm nothing. And though I destroy all my goods and feed the poor, and though I give bo I gave my I give my body and be bent and and have nothing and have not charity, I'm nothing. Charity suffereth long. Charity is kind. Charity is avail it it it envyth not. Charity value not itself. It's not puffed up. So you can go home and read about charity for the sake of time. But that's just the divine love of God is everything and that is actually him. Can I just call for the musicians to come please and the pastor then we just sing this song and then we we we are going to pray. You know that song that says but I would like us to sing it. He says, I let let me give you a tune first. He says, "He's everything. He's everything to me." You know, Tiana, you know that one, my girl. That one. So, so that way the way the way the way I just gave a special key for you. Let's stand and and sing this one. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. is everything to me. He's my mother, my father, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. Oh, he's everything. Oh, he said, oh, he's everything to me. He's my father, my father, my mother, and my brother. to me. Are you good? Are you good with it? Let's go for the song. Brother Ben, please come. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's my my mother, my father, my and my brother. Jesus. Oh. Oh. [Music] [Applause] [Music] My mother, my father, my sister, and my brother. He's everything to me. Amen. Love of God. the most powerful force in existence says in Galatians, faith workketh by love. So faith operates by love. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can have your seats tonight. We're just going to have a time of prayer. Just going to read through the prayer request then. Um and if anyone has [Music] No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it cost, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelu on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, [Music] I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar &gt;&gt; because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. Death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. [Music]
