################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-19 - 191025 - Listen - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-19
Title:   191025 - Listen - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITJ9Urx2coA
========================================

Oh [Applause] yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] I love you. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Applause] [Music] Good Morning. How are you this morning? Welcome to the house of the Lord. [Music] It's good to be here. It's good to um it's good to have an opportunity to to praise the Lord and also to show the rocks and the seats and the mountains and the rivers that the Lord means more to us than what he means to them. You know, because when when when the when when Jesus was going into Jerusalem, when the people were praising him and the the some some of the critics told Jesus, "Oh, you should stop the people from praising and worshiping." And he said, "If they don't praise me, the rocks will cry out." But I believe that all of us here this morning have had more of an experience of to know the Lord and his goodness than what a rock has. All a rock's ever happened to it is it's been made and sat there. But but it's never had a chance to respond or be formed or changed like a rock is a rock. But we've had the chance to be changed, to be renewed, to be formed, to be to experience the spirit of God more than a rock has. So it's a good day to be alive. It's a good day to worship the Lord. So let's stand this morning and let's just praise. Let's worship. Let's let's enter enter into his courts with thanksgiving and just be under great expectation this morning that the spirit of God's going to move amongst us and in your own life in a powerful way. If you've got questions, you're going to be answered. If you've got things you need, the Lord's going to meet you in whichever way in the way that he knows how to meet you and that you know how he meets you. And we're under expectation to hear the word of God this morning. You know, the more we pull and the more we draw on it, the more it ministers to us. Cuz brother um Ben is an anointed minister. He doesn't just come up here and read off a bunch of notes, you know. You you you watch some sermons like an Anglican. Now and then I just watch other random sermons, you know, and it's a it's look, these guys are all right, but they you know, they just he sort of just gets up there and reads word for word what he's written in his notes. You know, that would be so boring. Would you find that boring? We've got a minister that's inspired, that can be led by the spirit of God. That's it's a dynamic situation happening. You can be pulling and wanting, desiring something, and the spirit of God works and speaks it. You know, that's that's that's who we come to. That's what we've got this morning. So, let's just um open in prayer. Lord, we thank you that we can be here this morning, Lord, and we can experience the Holy Ghost, Lord. Experience the dynamic, the supernatural this morning. We know we serve a supernatural God, Lord, and that you can move in each heart this morning, Lord. And we just pray you um we just want to invite you into our midst, Lord, that you'd just bless us this morning by your spirit, Lord. Forgive us of every sin, Lord. And we just come to your we come boldly before your throne of grace this morning, Lord, knowing that you told us to come. So, we just want to commit the service to your hands. Just bless us in a powerful way. We ask in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Let's start with praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in that noon time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Praise him. I'm going to praise praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in that new time. Praise him. I'm going to praise him. Praise him. When the sun goes down, I'm going to love him. Love him. I love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in that noon time. Love him. I love him. Love him when the sun goes down. I'm going to worship. Worship, worship, worship in the morning. Worship in the new time. Worship. I worship. Worship when the sun goes. I like the old time. I like the old time. Singing, shouting. I like the old time way. [Applause] I love the old time. Singing, shouting, preaching, praying. I love the old time way. I love the old time. I love the old time. Singing, shouting. I love the old time way. I love the old time. Singing, shouting, preaching, praying. I love the old time. When I talk about my savior, I talk about my savior. Everywhere I go, everywhere I go, everywhere I go, I talk about my savior. Everywhere I go, spread this joy, joy, joy in my I talk about my Savior. I talk about my Savior. Everywhere I go. Everywhere I go. Everywhere I go. Oh yes. I talk about my Savior everywhere I go. For there's joy, joy, joy in my all of my burdens. My burdens have rolled away. Yes, my burdens have rolled away. I'm at the feet of Jesus. He heals all my diseases. My burdens have rolled up. All of my burdens. My burdens have rolled away. My burdens have rolled away. I'm at the feet of Jesus. He heals all my diseases. My burdens. Listen one more time. My burdens have rolled away. Oh yes. My burdens have rolled away. My burdens have rolled away. [Music] I'm at the feet of Jesus. Heals all my diseases. My burdens have rolled away. Amen. My burdens have rolled away. Have you experienced that? Amen. [Music] Is it you or do we look for another? I can hear John say. [Music] His eagle eyes were getting clouded over. Seemed to have lost his way. [Music] John's disciples went to Jesus, told him all that John had said. Jesus sent them with the message. And this is what he said. Go tell John that the lame they walk. Go tell John that the blind they see. Go tell John that the dead are raised. The captives they have all been granted liberty. [Music] Go tell John. When my prophet speaks, believe it, receive it in your heart. You don't have to understand it. It stands all alone. And I'll interpret it by bringing it to pass. [Applause] Is it him or do we look for another? I have heard some say, [Music] "Is this Elijah that Malachi spoke of?" Oh, we in Bible days. Search the scriptures Jesus taught us and there they testify of me. [Music] Did not I tell you I'd send Elijah? He would restore all things. Tell my bride that the light is here. Tell my bride that the books not sealed. My bride that the word is open. The mysteries of the seven seals have been revealed. Tell my bride when my prophet speaks. Believe it. Receive it in your heart. You don't have to understand it. It stands all alone. And I'll interpret it by bringing it to pass. Tell my bride. Tell my bride that the light is here. Tell my bride that the book's not sealed. Tell my bride that the word is open. The mysteries of the seven seals have been revealed. Tell my bride, "When my prophet speaks, believe it. Receive it in your heart. You don't have to understand it. It stands all alone. I'll interpret it by bringing it to pass. You don't have to You don't have to understand it. It stands all alone. And I'll interpret it by bringing it to pass. Amen. [Music] Where do I go when there's no one else to turn to? Who do I talk to? Oh, and no one wants to listen. Who do I lean on when there's no foundation stable? I go to the rock. I know he is able. I go to the rock. I go to the rock of my salvation. We got to give a f to the Buddhist reject. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. For the earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ, the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the little. Where do I hide till the storms have all passed over? Where do I run to when the winds of sorrow threaten? Is there a refuge for the time of tribulation? When my soul needs a consolation, I go to the rock. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the build is rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. The earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. I go to the rock. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the build is rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. The earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. I go to the rock. I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. The earth all around me is sinking sand. On Christ a solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Oh yes. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. [Music] The Assyrian army gathered around. Hezekiah walked up and looked around and all he saw as far as the eye could see was a sea of men. When the messengers came to him, he gave to them a ransom. But they said, "You have no more strength for war. Your counsel won't help you anymore." And all you people on the wall, hear what the great king says. Don't let Hezekiah deceive you. Your God won't deliver today. Just look at every place we've been and every kingdom that we fought has been trotten under our feet. You will be the same. And as the railings came up from the Assyrians, Hezekiah knelt down to his knees. He raised his hands and he bowed his head and said, "Oh God, today is a day of trouble. Oh God, the shout is come and there is no strength to bring forth. You're all my strength and you're all my deliverance and I'm putting my trust in you, oh God. Oh God, I have learned that every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Cuz I have learned that in every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Go tell Hezekiah that his prayer has been heard. Behold, I send Isaiah for faith, saith the Lord. To the king of Assyria, I say, who hast thou blasphemed against? Was it not to the holy one of Israel? You may have spoke to Hezekiah, but he put his trust in me. And the words that you have spoken, my ears they have received, but I'll hear no more. The way you came is the way you go. Your heels won't come against this city. You'll not fire one arrow. You'll not at all the Lord. You will turn and you will go. Thus say the Lord. Thus sayith the Lord. Cuz I have learned that in every situation, [Music] whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Cuz I have learned that in every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to chase. You're my shield. You're my shield and you're my buckler and your name is a strong tower. You're the shepherd of the valley of the shadow of death. And you prepare a table for me in the presence of my enemy. And you won't put me to shame. And when the morning sun arose, the air seemed so quiet. Here I looked out. Oh, what a sight. All over the fields right across the plains. The tents, they all seemed empty. There were no fires, no flames. The horses had no riders. The chariots the same. The dogs they had no masters. No Syrian remain. For the angel of the Lord went through the camp at night. So our mighty host and put the rest to fly. Cuz I have learned that every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Cuz I have learned that in every situation, whatever I am facing, I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me ashamed cuz I am that in every situation whatever I am facing I put my trust in Jesus and he won't put me to shame. Oh no, he won't put me to shame. [Music] [Music] Oh Lord, you search me. You know my way. Even when I fail you, I know you you love me. Your holy presence surrounding me in every season. [Music] I know you love me. Oh yes, I know. You love me. At the cross I bow my knee. Where your blood was shed for me. There's no greater love than this. You have overcome the grave. Your glory fills the highest place. What can separate me now? You go before me. You shield my way. Your hand upholds me. I know you love me. Oh yes, I know you love me. At the cross I bow my knee where your blood was shed for me. There's no gater love than me. You have overcome the grave. Your glory fills the highest place. What can separate me now? At the cross. At the cross, I bow my knee. Where your blood was shed for me. There's no gater love than this. [Applause] You have overcome grace. Glory fills the highest place. What can separate me now? You talk. You all the way. You made a way when you said that it is done. You tore the veil. You made a way. When you said that it is done. [Music] At the cross I bow my knee. Where your blood was shed for me. There's no greater love than this. You have overcome the grave. Your glory fills the highest place. What can separate me now? At the cross, at the cross, I bow my knees. Where your blood was shed for me. It's like no greater love than this. Cuz you have overcome the great. Your glory fills the highest place. What can separate me now? [Music] [Music] As the deer panted for the waters, so my soul longs out to you. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship. You alone. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit heal. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are my king. I love you more than any other so much more than you. For you alone, you alone are my strength, my sheep. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship you. I love you. I love you more than gold or silver. Only you can satisfy. [Music] You alone are the real joy giver and the end of my life. You alone. You alone are my strength, my shield. You alone does my spirit. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. You alone. For you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart desire and I long to. Let's just sing verse three as brother Ben comes this morning. I love you more than gold or silver only you can satisfy. [Music] You alone are the joy giver and the apple of mine. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my hearts, desire and I long to worship you. [Music] Black [Music] [Applause] [Music] is awesome. He can move the mountains. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been forever. He reign. My God is awome. Oh yes. He's awome. He's awesome. [Music] He's awome. My God is awome. Oh yes. He's awome. He's awome. He's awome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. by his stripes of my God is awome today. I am forgi [Music] I'm living. Praise his holy name. My God is awome. Yes, he's awome. Oh, he's awome. He's awome. My God is awome. God is awome. Oh, you're awome. Yes, you're awome. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's awome. He's awome. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's awesome. Oh, he's awesome. He's great. He's awesome. My God is awesome. He's awesome. He's awesome. Yes, he's awesome. He's a proider provider. Provider provider. He's awesome. Yes, he's awesome. Protector Proctor. Hallelujah. He's awesome. [Music] [Applause] Deliverer. Deliverer. Deliver. Deliver. He's awesome. Yes. He's awome. My God is awesome. He's awome. He's awome. Yes, he's awome. Yes. The voice of my God is awome. Oh, yes. He's awesome. &gt;&gt; Yes, he's awesome. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's awesome. &gt;&gt; My God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. My God is awesome. My God is awesome. Hallelujah. I trust you can say the same thing. Amen. Jesus Christ is the powerful almighty God. Amen. Thank you musicians. Appreciate it. Amen. God bless you all. So camp is next weekend. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Um so there's no service on Wednesday, okay? And there's no service Wednesday after camp. So if you come here on Wednesday, no one will be here, okay? We're getting ready for camp. But yeah, so so just so you know. But yeah, it's going to be a wonderful time. We're all excited and it's going to be it's going to be tremendous. Now, let's just go to the scripture. Um this morning, we're going to go to Ezekiel chapter 22 and then we're going to go to Jeremiah 49:11. We're going to read one verse there. Let's just go here and and um I mean, I trust everyone's well and happy in the Lord today. Amen. There's there's a few good. I trust by the end of today you'll be happy. Amen. Uh Ezekiel 22 and 27 says here this just continuing on from um part of what I read uh last uh last Sunday. And her princes uh in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the prey to shed blood and to destroy souls to dis to get dishonest gain. and her prophets have dorbed them with untempted mortar, seeing vanity and divining lies uh unto them, saying, "Thus sayeth the Lord God, whom the uh when the Lord hath not spoken, the people of the land have used oppression and excise robbery, and have vexed the poor and needy, yay, they have oppressed the stranger wrongfully. And I sought for a man among them that should make up the hedge, and should stand in the gap before me for the land, that I should not destroy it, but I found none. Therefore have I poured out mine indignation upon them. I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath. Their own way have I recompensed upon their heads, saith the Lord God. Then Jeremiah 49 and and and 11. You can you can turn if you wish, but um Jeremiah wait 49 and1 sorry it's not 11. It's just it's actually verse one. Says here concerning the Ammonites, thus sayeth the Lord, hath Israel no sons? hath he no ear. Why then doth their king inherit Gad and his people dwell in his cities? Amen. I'm going to call this Listen today. Israel. So let's just pray actually. Okay, let's just pray. Sorry, I was Amen. Almighty God, we love you so much. Thank you, Lord. We can read your great eternal word, Lord. We need you, the great author, to come and inspire it to our lives, Lord. We desire to see you live more than anything, Lord, cuz truly you are awesome, Lord. You're almighty. You wish we had greater words to describe your majesty and power and mercy and grace, Lord. Father, we love you, Lord. Have your way in our midst this day, dear God. We just surrender our lives into your hands, Lord. Just desiring to see you live among us, Lord. And may you also touch those who couldn't be here today, Lord. We especially want to think of Sister Barbara, Lord, who's unwell in body. I pray you touch her, raise her up for your glory, Lord. Brother Phil as well, Lord. I'm not sure if he's here or not. I didn't see him, but Lord, I pray you'd be his portion, too, and heal him, Lord. anyone else who's away because of sickness, Lord, be with them. And Father, walk among us this day. Touch our lives, Lord. You're a personal God. Lord, we invite you to where we are for your glory. Have your way in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can have your seats this morning. So, I want to I want to speak I want to look at this question because we're looking at, you know, we're approaching camp and I know uh the Christian walk is more than a special uh set of meetings on a campground, but you know, I just want to I just want to um I'd pray just just kind of get us into a a mode if that's okay. Ezekiel would would speak about how the Lord is seeking for a man to stand among them that they should uh that that that he should make up the hedge and stand in the gap before me in the land. So he's looking for a man and in that day he could not find a man. The Lord said I cannot find a man to stand in that gap to to to keep the ranks to to if there's any gap where the enemy can get in to fill that gap and to intercede for the people. And you know this is who God is looking for. And I now I believe when I'm speaking when I use the scripture here, I I I I don't just want to take it as a man, but I want to take it as sons and daughters of God. Amen. God is looking for his children to stand in their god- ordained position. Now, as we read here in Jeremiah, there's a question the Lord has asked. Has Israel no sons? Hath he no heir? Then why then do their king and Heragad and their people dwell in his city? So there's a question. Has, you know, why on earth is the enemy dwelling in God's possessions? You know, the people of God were meant to dwell in Gad. That was that was their inheritance. And you know, God was asking the question, does not does Israel have no sons? Does he have no men to stand up as sons and daughters of God to stand up and inherit their promises that God had given them? Has has there no one here that can receive the inheritance of the Lord? And I believe I'm looking at them this morning. You know, if I'm a bit halty and think, let's pray this just comes out okay. But you know, I'm believe I'm looking when God would ask if if God would ask this question today. Has has he has Jesus Christ no sons? Has he no sons and daughters? You know, and we can answer the question, yes, he does. Amen. We've been birthed by a word. Amen. We've been transformed by the message of the hour where God has revealed himself to us. Amen. To show us that we are sons and daughters of the most high God. Amen. So now the um the Ammonites were descended from the other daughter of Lot and Lot. Normally we just think of Moab and we think of Moab coming from Lot and the daughter. Well, from the other daughter came came these Ammonites. And so you know and they were they were so they were kind of related to Israel, but they weren't they weren't uh of the seed of Abraham. But you see they had they had no right to God's inheritance. But there was no one there were no there were no sons to stand up in that day and take back their inheritance. They were willing to let the enemy dwell in this position instead of actually taking their God-given rights and possessing what God had given them. And I believe that we're not willing this morning to let the enemy stand on any of our promises. Amen. To put any doubt on any word that God has given us. I believe that we're not just here to be dormant people, amen, that just just float along in life and say, "Yes, we believe the message and just quote it, but it doesn't live." I believe that I'm looking at sons and daughters of God. Amen. That are that are determined in their heart, Lord, I want you to live. Amen. Every promise you died for me on Calvary. I want to possess it. I want to enjoy it. I want to live in it. I want to walk in it. Amen. I don't I don't just want to talk about it. I want to see it live. Amen. And so that's why as a question goes out this morning, are there not any sons? I mean, not just males or females or girls or boys. I'm talking about sons and daughters of God. Amen. Who know who they are in this hour. I mean, they're not children. and and and an and adult bodies spiritually. No, but they're adults. Amen. Where they can take every promise of God. They're not willing just to be just to float along and go with the crowd, but they want to walk with God alone. Amen. Are there not any sons in this room? Amen. Or who's maybe listening that will actually not just live under a pity party wo is mentality and be a victim of circumstance, but actually be an overcomer. I mean, God has allotted a portion of overcoming to you. Amen. and he has placed in your life the ability to wrestle and overcome and pack out the victory. Amen. So this is why the question is here this morning. Why on earth is the enemy standing on our promises? Why on earth do we allow the enemy to stand on things and put in our minds it's not for you and you've done too wrong. You don't deserve this promise and you can't inherit it. You made too many mistakes and all this kind of nonsense. Why do we let those kind of religious ideas? Cuz remember the Ammonites were were you could say they were the the word twisted became wrong. Right? So it's that kind of spirit. Why do we allow that kind of spirit to rule our lives when God wants us to inherit all the promises now? I like to think, you know, why why is this Oh, wait. I got to go here, too. I thought, isn't it interesting? I thought, why is he talking about Gad? Okay. Why is he talking about Gad? Now we have I don't know if you can see it very well but to the east of Gad there this is where the 12 tribes were in the times of Joshua right this is where they took the land there now Ammon is east of Gad okay so you'd say well of course they talk about gad because the Ammonites can just invade there but to me now we know the promised land represents the Holy Ghost it represents see the new birth takes us across Jordan is death to self you got to die out to yourself and then we step into the promised where every promise is open up to open up to us, but we've got to fight for every promise. And that big fight really is a dying to self. That's the thing we got to wrestle with is this own flesh man. I mean, he is the one who gets in the way. If you can get him out of the way, then nothing can stop you. Amen. Where you say, "What about the enemy? He was defeated that day on Calvary. He's nothing but a bluff. You've got to call his bluff. Doesn't matter how real he is, how how real the feelings are. It doesn't matter how great the imaginations may be in your mind, you've got to realize he's bluffing. You got to call his bluff. Call his charade. Amen. Call his hand. So when I looked at this, I thought, well, what happened in Gad? Cuz something happened in Gad. That's very significant. Now Gad, you'll notice I don't you probably can't see it, but there where so so the river Jordan comes down. Sorry, I don't have a pointer. Then there's so on one side is Jericho on the other side is Gad. Okay. So what happened there when they c on the other side of Jericho? What promise laid there in Gad? Well, there was a rapture in Gad. Amen. Elijah and Elisha crossed the river Jordan and that's where Elijah went up in a in a rapture. So the question comes out, why do you let the Ammonites possess that promise when it's your promise in your promised land? Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. This is where Elisha received a double portion &gt;&gt; of the anointing. &gt;&gt; It's your inheritance. &gt;&gt; It's your God-given right. Amen. To receive a double portion of the anointing. But you see, what we do is we let some ammonite spirit say, "No, that was just for the prophet." And the supernatural, yes, we believe it, but it's just back there. And God doesn't do the same things today. That's out of nonsense. Amen. That's a lie of the devil trying to push you out of your inheritance where God has given us the double portion of his anointing. Amen. It's for every young man, boy, girl, old, young, whoever it is, whosoever will, it's for you and I this morning. Amen. A double portion of the spirit that was on the prophet now rest upon the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. So now we're going to realize this is part of what happened in Gad. So why on earth would we let some why would we let some spirit tell us that's not for us? Don't let some ammonite tell you that the days of miracles is passed. Don't let any kind of spirit tell you that that was just for the prophet but the message and and that the message has no power. It's got no resurrection in it. It's got a lot of resurrection power in it. It is the resurrection of life because this message is Jesus Christ. Don't let some Ammonite spirit tell you this message is just doctrine and rules and lining up to some kind of cre. It's not that at all. It's got nothing to do with that. It's God revealing himself, showing himself and he reveals himself to you and you just surrender to it and he transforms you to match his word and then you walk on with God. That's what the message is. The message is Christ in you, the hope of glory. The message has come to awaken sons and daughters to their position. Amen. I was talking to Christine last night. I said, "William needs to realize that he's more than the son of son of Ben and Christine Gloin." He's got to come to a place where he realizes, "No, they may be my earthly parents, but I've got a heavenly parent that brought me to the earth, and now he's revealing himself to me that he will live through my life that he can manifest who I'm really meant to be." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. So Elisha would receive a double portion there. He would see uh Elijah go up in the in the what we call a rapture going up in the chariot and the mantle fell upon him and now that same spirit was now upon Elisha and then we so so what began in Gad there would end up in the eighth miracle that Elisha did. Now the eighth miracle Elisha did we know he was dead when it happened. He did seven miracles and then the critics started writing websites saying he's one short he's a false prophet. That's the problem is they're caught up in the signs and not the word. That's the problem. Caught up in the prophet and not the word that he brought. Amen. So then what happened is that that they begin to criticize. Well, he's won short. But then there was a battle going on. There was troublesome times going on. There was war and strife going on. And two men were carrying one of their dead friends. And they saw an open hole and they just threw him in. And they had no idea it was the separ of Elisha. Amen. As soon as that dead man hit the bones of Elisha, a resurrection took place. Hallelujah. I tell you what, friends, it wasn't Elisha's human ability. It wasn't what he thought he did and how good he was that brought forth that resurrection. It was just a life with living within him. Amen. It's the same thing in the life of Jesus Christ in you. Amen. We'll bring Christ we'll bring the dead in Christ out of the grave. Amen. It won't be how you're having a good day, bad day, good day, whatever's going on. Your bank account, no bank account, that's got nothing to do with it. It's a life that quickening power. Amen. It's living in you. Amen. Will bring the dead out of the grave. You say, "Is that scriptural?" Absolutely. It's a harvest, is it not? Amen. And what happens when a harvest happens is the farmer looks out on the field and says the life is mature. &gt;&gt; I've never seen a sensible I've never seen any um farmer actually harvest wheat that's green. &gt;&gt; They wait for it to become mature. So it's the life that that's expressed out of the wheat calls to the farmer, I'm ready. It's not the farmer waking up one day saying, "Well, I guess I'll do it today. I've got a gap in my schedule." No, he looks at his crop and he says, "It's it's mature. I'm going to harvest this field. Amen. And the Lord is looking upon the earth and he's looking for seed. Amen. That's come to maturity. He sees it more than you do. I doubt any of us would think we're ready. &gt;&gt; Mature, right? &gt;&gt; I'm on my way. God knows when you're ready, &gt;&gt; right? And it may take a long time, may take a very short time, but I tell you what, we'll all be at whatever stage God wants us to be mature. You'll be there when the rapture happens. Amen. So the life in us of Christ that's on display. He looks at that and says that's ready for a harvest. &gt;&gt; So it brings a dead out of the grave. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So this happened in Gad. This is very significant. You look at these promises. Amen. Don't let any ammonite spirit tell you that applying the token is just playing a tape. Brother said that people will come into the message. They come into the word and they swap the supernatural out for the natural. You read about restoration of the bride tree takes a supernatural move. They just make it a natural thing. Don't let some spirits say just playing a tape is applying the token. Applying the token is the Holy Ghost living in your life coming down into your home creating an atmosphere and if the people want it, they'll fall into it and receive it. &gt;&gt; It's a supernatural move of God. Oh, God don't do that. Yes, he does. &gt;&gt; How many times we had God just move and take over and we get lost in the presence of God? That's the token coming down, &gt;&gt; living himself out of you and I. &gt;&gt; Some of us are here. Some of us are waiting for it to finish. &gt;&gt; Don't let an Ammonite spirit tell you that can't happen in your life. You're sons and daughters of God. God wants you to possess that promise. He's made you to possess it. You have to be willing to go get it, though. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, how does this time with Wednesday about rest?" I'm resting in the fact I'm a son of God. Yes. &gt;&gt; I'm passed from death unto life. &gt;&gt; You want to see a resurrection? You &gt;&gt; Here it is. &gt;&gt; Here it is. I was once dead. Now I'm alive. &gt;&gt; Amen. And now my body's just going to catch up with it one day. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. The message is Jesus Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. Sons of daughters of God are not content with living below their privilege. They are not satisfied with living in a servant or a slave mentality. A son and daughter of God wants full sunship. There's something in them driving them, motivating them. Amen. They want all that God has for them. Amen. That's why we can say there are sons in this day to possess every promise. Amen. Elisha would pray when he when the mant mantle came down on him. The first prayer, if I could say it this way, that Elisha would pray when he received the double portion is when he went back to the Jordan with that same mantle that he saw Elijah smite the man uh Jordan with and it and it separated and he says, "Where is the God of Elijah?" And he smites the Jordan and it separates exactly the same way that Elijah did it. That was the first that was the first thing that happened in Gad to prove that the God of the prophet is the God of the bride. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And then now we could bring this into our day and say like sister Shannon years ago got a prayer meeting cried out where are you? Where's the God of Elijah? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Then Isaac had a real touch and he was changed. Even saw him after say he looks different. &gt;&gt; Hal hallelujah. Amen. We have you our first fairy camp. We had a couple of young sisters come and and they basically gave God an ultimatum. God if this message is you show me at this camp otherwise I'm leaving. And God in his great infinite grace revealed himself to them that this message is him. changed their lives. Amen. I think it was the same camp maybe as brother Ken, you had your change. The God of Elijah came to him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And God ain't finished. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's the same God today. He hasn't. We haven't gone cold, formal, lukewarm, palace. No, we become more mature. God's matured us. Molders has shaped us. And we're under greater expectation now than we've been our entire lives because we've seen God do too much. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it was just over a year ago when we're when our when our hot water was busted. I want to tell it cuz I want to tell it. &gt;&gt; Okay. I want to tell it. We realize we live in a realm of the supernatural. Amen. Church is supernatural. Your life is supernatural. The sons and daughters of God walk in a supernatural realm. You may not even be aware of it, but your life is more supernatural than you realize. This message coming to you was a supernatural event that God had on his calendar. And God knew that on a certain day at a certain moment your heart would come open and he would bring his word to you and he would transform your life and you'd realize God has sons. God has daughters and here I am to possess every divine promise of God. Hallelujah. So our gas hot water cylinder was on the anyway it died or it had to be cut off otherwise a fire could have happened. Plumber came along disconnected the water from the house disconnected the gas turned it off. It was a dead s isolated system and Jimmy and Jimmy and Stephanie were there. So I'm sure you can say amen, you know, to this because they were staying with us on that weekend. And I just said to, you know, so we had no hot water. We had Tony and Sharon point in there with their children. We had a full house. And you know, I said to Christine be because of on the Friday the water was disconnected, the cylinder was turned off, all those things. On the Monday, the plumber was coming back. So now we're now we're here on Sunday morning, I think it was. And I said to Christine, I said, 'You know, the not even thinking about it, I said, 'You know, the Lord loves you enough he can give you hot water if he wants to. And then so we were up in the bathroom and we just had a we had the jug and we had a bowl and we're just filling up the jug and making hot water from the from the jug. And anyway, she goes takes the bowl to the um takes the jug to the shower to um to to to fill it up and she turns it on and just instant hot water comes out. &gt;&gt; And she says, "Well, I'm going to have a shower then." So she stepped into the blessing. She stepped into the blessing and then she said, "Hey, you have a shower, too." So, I stepped into the blessing. Hallelujah. And then and then Jimmy was downstairs in the other shower and had half a blessing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And then so the same plumber came back on Monday. &gt;&gt; And so Christine says, "Well, we had hot water yesterday morning. We had showers." And he looked at me uh looked at her rather and said, "No, you didn't. I can't believe you. That thing was completely disconnected. the the pilot light was off, everything. It was impossible for that to happen. Well, he doesn't have to believe it. I had the blessing. I don't care what people say about God can't do things. Well, well, I've seen him do a lot of things. Amen. So, you take it up with him cuz, you know, we received it, right? But the point is, if God if God can create hot water where there's no hot water, can he not create your need? &gt;&gt; Can he not with his creative power touch your life? and do the same kind of things. &gt;&gt; We are living in the day where the third pull is here. &gt;&gt; The power of the spoken word is here. We don't need to manufacture it. We don't need to try and talk it up. It's just a life of God living. Praise the Lord. So if he can do if he can give us hot water, can he get your prodal? Can he bring healing? &gt;&gt; Can he touch your children? Can he bring you peace? Can he give you the Holy Ghost? Can he not do those things? Can't he create a desire in someone for God that says they have no desire? Can he not create those things? He's God. He can do whatever he wants whenever he wants. Amen. So why? But we realize we live in the age of the double portion. Amen. We don't just have a bit of the Holy Ghost that's been poured out by measure down through the ages. But the fullness of Christ has been revealed in this day. All that Christ is has been poured into the church. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we live in the season of the double portion. So, why would we let some Ammonite spirit tell us it ain't for you? &gt;&gt; It can't happen. That's No, that's my promise. Are there no sons and daughters today that can rise up and say, "The resurrection's my promise." Amen. That everything in God is mine. &gt;&gt; Amen. From the anointing that was on the prophets now, now on me, to the power of the spoken word. Amen. to the rapture to the resurrection of the dead saints. All those promises are mine by birthright. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not by anything I've earned. No, I just aired it by Jesus Christ cuz we are joint ears with Christ. So everything that he fell air to, I fallen air too. Amen. Like someone said about Muhammad Ali, he would train. He would sweat it out. He would take blows in training. He'd go around the world and have these big pressure bouts and fights and and then after it was all done, he received a check, a paycheck. I guess we don't have those here anymore. He got it entered into his bank account electronically. Then his wife, who did none of the wrestling, none of the fighting, none of the sweating, none of the training, got to receive that money. He won it. She had it &gt;&gt; because she's part of him. He won it. The Lord Jesus won it all. We've had it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. So all those things are here. Brother says the mantle is here tonight. I say this morning that same Holy Spirit that was upon Jesus Christ is in this church tonight. I say this morning to robe any believer that's in here with the power from on high. It's here. Jesus Christ is here today. Amen. This message is a message of miracles. Amen. It is a living proof that God lives. Amen. He is still Jehovah of miracles. I don't care how difficult, how impossible it seems. No, God specializes in the impossible. When you get to the end of yourself, that's when he can step in and do what only he can do. Amen. But you see, this message has come to identify sons. Amen. Just like when when David David would be called, he wasn't even invited. the first time when when when Samuel came to Jesse's house, God told the prophet, you have a king in your h, you know, Jesse's house. You're going to I'm going to point him out to you. And then and then when Jesse when Samuel comes to Jesse and Samuel says to Jesse, go get your sons. Doesn't even explain it, you know, all his his purpose, but but just go get your sons. And then and and he sees the eldest and and Samuel in his mind's thinking, this is the one who's going to be anointed. This is the one who's going to take the throne. This is the most likely looking one. And God says, "No." And then one by one there's no, "No, no, no, no." And then Samuel looks around and and he sees he's been through those sons. He asks Jesse, "Do you have another son?" Just imagine the look on Jesse's face. The like the realization, "Oh, yeah, I do." Well, where is he? Well, he's he's looking after my sheep. He's not even I actually didn't even think about him. &gt;&gt; I I didn't even consider him. Think about it. And then Samuel says, "Well, go get him because we're not going to sit down till the lad's here." Amen. And then so as soon as David came into the presence of Samuel, Amen. God said, "That's him. &gt;&gt; That's the one I'm looking for. That's the identified son." Amen. And I tell you what, friends, a vindicated prophet has come to the earth. And God gave a horn of anointing oil, a ram's horn. Amen. And he poured it out completely on this age. Amen. Anointing has come upon the earth. And it's brought all kinds of things to manifestation. Amen. Russia's doing what it's going to do cuz it was prophesied. I mean, the Vatican is doing what it's going to do because it's prophesied. America is doing what it's doing because it was prophesied. But the anointing wasn't for them. Amen. It was for the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. So, this word has been poured out. Amen. And and what happened is it came in contact with you. It came in contact with a predestinated soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. And what is it doing? It's identifying you're my son. You're my daughter. Amen. I'm proud of you. I've been looking for you. Amen. I tell you what, friends. A big damage that people do in this day is they don't recognize their children when they become adults. And it leaves scars either a distant father or non-existent father leaves a void in a son's heart. Cuz a it's the father that call calls the son and daughter to womanhood or manhood. It's not the mother that does it. It takes the father to do it. It takes it takes the father to to raise up his children and then eventually come to a place to recognize you're an adult now. You're not a child just being led about, but you are you're an adult now with adult responsibilities being led by God where where where the parent where the father raises them to transition them from walking with mom and dad to walking with God alone. But there has to come a realization or rather a recognition by the father for these things. Same thing with a you know with a with a girl who becomes a woman. It's, you know, it's crazy how fathers can be so unhappy because a a daughter is always wanting the father's approval. Whether they say it or not, there's it's subconscious. They need the approval of daddy. But then when they become a teenager, they become a woman. And of course, the father just doesn't know what to do with their daughter. They say, "I wish you were a girl again. I don't like what you're becoming." Basically, their their mood and their and their and their actions kind of say that to the daughter. What does it do to the daughter? I can't go back to what I was. I'm a woman now. You've got to recognize me for what I am. And and if the father does not do that, it leaves a void. And that woman will go looking, that daughter will go looking for approval in all the wrong places. Go to different men and different people trying to find approval where all they needed was their father to say, "You're a woman now." Are you following me? It's powerful. It takes it takes the word. See you see the husband or the father is the word right and now in a true sense it's only the word can bring a son or daughter to maturity to their adoption to their position amen but we as fathers must see he couldn't find a man in Ezekiel we read couldn't find a man to stand in the gap to stand in the hedge to be a real man not a not a boy man that's just consumed by their own thing but a real man that's watching over his family has a has has a burden for his family, has a burden for the church, has a longing to see God live. I mean, he's not interested in his own affairs, but he's more interested in others affairs, and he's not some boneless, boneless, backless, you know, kind of jellyfish servant, but no, he's got a real burden. He loves, he places his family above himself. So, he serves them, but he's got vision. We should have a vision as men. What do we want to see? We want to see our young people become adults in Christ. I mean, we want to see them have their own experience that they become comfortable in their own skin. We don't want them to have this void in their lives saying, "Where do I fit?" And and and who am I now? And all these kind of gender confusion things that are pushed by the world. We want to be real men that God can live through us. Amen. To raise our young people to be mature adults that are filled with the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Is that not what we want? &gt;&gt; Amen. But it takes it takes the word in you to do it. Amen. That's why it even says in Malachi 4. Now that scripture has got compound meaning, but it says that I'll turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the hearts of the children to the fathers lest I come and smite the earth of the curse. We know that that scripture shows the two comingings of Elijah. We understand that. But also shows that that that the hearts of the children must be turned to the hearts of the fathers. There's got to be there's got to be a connection within the family. Amen. Least I smite the earth with a curse. So there's got to be men to stand up to take every divine promise and not just things that are nice ideas, but tangible realities of I'm going to have a real relationship with my family. I may have no idea how to do it, but God, you show me how to do it. I want to step out of my comfort zone. I'm going to try and spark a conversation. I'm going to start trying to do things with them, and I may have no idea how to do it, but Lord, you show me because I got promises to inherit. I don't want to let the I don't want to allow the problems of my childhood affecting them. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to break that cycle. You see, it takes a man to stand up and say enough is enough. I'm not just going to continue on the problems of the past, but I'm going to let God come into my life and change those things. I mean, that their child is not the same as my childhood where maybe you're neglected as a parent. I mean, um, you know, as a child, maybe maybe your parents were distant. Maybe because they are working not not even bad intentions but maybe there's a void in your life. I say let God fill that void. I mean this is why to me see Jesse naturally did not acknowledge David but God supernaturally acknowledge David. So even if your own father doesn't recognize you as who you should be and you know you know as a as a real child of God let God come and anoint you. Amen. That you'll realize I am a son. I am a daughter of God. And that will transcend, that will fix any natural problems that you have. Amen. Praise the Lord. This message identifies who you really are. That's the only thing upon the earth that'll do it is the word of God. Amen. Eagles produce eagles, right? Eagles produce eagles. Samuel actually produced a king, prophet, priest. Okay? He could recognize God. and Samuel could recognize another attribute of God in David and that's why he was anointed to be king. But you see what happens is eagles produce eagles. So now if we are real men, if we're real woman of God with our children, we will desire that the life of God within us will actually become known to them within them. Because to be honest, when we are born, we don't know what's within us. I remember when Analise was a baby, I was holding her thinking, I don't know what's in the what's in her, Lord. What gift? what potential, you know, and I trust we look at our all of our children the same way. Lord, we don't know what's within them. Jesse had no idea what was within David &gt;&gt; being a shepherd boy. God did. That's why he anointed him. That's why he inspired him to anoint him, right? But you see, eagles produce eagles. Now, baby eagles before they fly, they don't even realize they can really do it. They're on the nest. They're flapping their wings. They're getting ready. But they see mom come and saw down, papa sword down with food and do great majestic swoops and all these things. And you know, they're just sitting on the nest just in awe and wonder of what their parents are doing. But they don't realize that they're built of the same material. Amen. And then what? But but mama and papa know it. Amen. They know it. And they don't want their children just to be these little nest dwellers that can't fly and can't be full eagles. They are determined that they want their children to be at least as much eagle as they are in ability. Right? A real father does not have a condescending look towards their children saying, "I was better at your age. I could do this and I'm better at you and you'll never obtain the same greatness as me." No, that's not a real father. That's an insecure boy. Amen. But a real father wants to lift his family above himself. Amen. A real mama wants that, too. They're not interested in trying to be better than their children. They want their children to be better than them. And the quicker that they surpass them in ability and love of God and you know all these things, the happier they are. &gt;&gt; I'm glad some say amen to that. &gt;&gt; That's what we want, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not we're not feeling bad, man. They're better than us. We're like, "Praise God. &gt;&gt; I'm excited." Amen. Why? Cuz you see, God unlocked the potential within their lives. Amen. So, what happens is mama, because mama knows that the baby eagles are made of the same material as her, what does she do? She begins to stir up the nest. She begins to make it uncomfortable. Amen. For the babies because they need to leave the nest and start flying with mama that they begin to realize what they admired in mama's is in them by birth. Amen. And this is what happens with the Lord. What he does is he as he as he is he's waved himself over the earth. He's proved himself through a prophet's ministry, right? And we see it's Christ revealed in this day. And but God doesn't want us just to admire that life in him. He wants you to know that same life by the baptism of the Holy Ghost is in you. He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also cuz I go to the father. Isn't that what Jesus said? That's not he as in he that believeth as in one person. That's old English saying whoever basically right. So mama stirs up the nest. The babies have got to fly. Then they begin to realize, I'm made of the same material as mama. And we see the word manifested and we see it living out of our lives. We begin to realize we're of the same material as the word by the grace of God. Amen. The message did not come to make church people. It come to make identified sons and daughters of God. Amen. The transforming power of the Holy Ghost makes people into, it gives people power to become sons, sons of God. John 1:12 says, "But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name." Amen. I'm sure this is nothing new to anyone. We've seen this message transform us. &gt;&gt; Amen. To show you you're a you are a son. Remember, the new birth doesn't make you a child of God. You you are born again because you are a child. as it says in Galatians, because you are sons, he sent forth the spirit where you cry, abba, father. You don't become a son or daughter by the new birth. You already are. That's why you're reborn. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Amen. And where are we now? Now, sorry, this is a bit of um the girls already seen this in um we had family altar during the week and we read this. But you see, there was there was uh five daughters and I'll try and read these names. You can laugh with me. said, "Then came the daughters of Zeopa, the the son of Hepha, the son of Gilead, the son of uh Mata, the son of Manasseh, of the families of Manasse, the son of Joseph. And these are the names of the daughters, okay? Uh Mala, Noah, Hogla, Mila, and that one, the youngest one." But you see now, they came to Moses, right? These are real daughters. These are real daughters of God. A daughter of God or a son of God wants their inheritance more than anything. They want what God has for them. They are not willing just to float with the crowd and be and have no possession. Right? Amen. So, so here they go. They come to Moses and they stood before Moses and Eleaz the priest and and before the princes all the congregation by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation saying our fathers I mean our father died in the wilderness and he was not but and he was not in the company of them that gathered themselves together against the Lord in the company of Kora but died in his own sin and had no sons. Why should the name of our father be done away with from among his brethren I mean from his family because he hath no son. give unto us therefore a possession among the brethren for our father. Up to this time, there's nothing in the word that says a daughter could inherit a promise &gt;&gt; in the land. There was nothing. But you see what they did is because they were real daughters of Abraham. They wanted their inheritance. Amen. So, they weren't just willing to sit back with a poor me attitude of, "Well, I guess we'll be homeless now. We got nothing to pass on if we have children and we're just a victim of circumstance and we're just a victim of, you know, you know what our what our father did and it's it's all his fault and our upbringing did this and this is why we're this way and they weren't like that. No, they were. They said, "Look, he died in his sin in the wilderness. We acknowledge what he did, but give us our possession." I mean, they they they they went beyond the shadow of their father's life. I mean, I tell you what, a real son and daughter of God goes beyond the shadow of their upbringing. goes beyond the shadow of their past or their family lineage or where they're from or their culture. They go beyond that because they realize that my upbringing doesn't identify me. My nationality doesn't identify me. The word of God is my identification. Amen. So they can go beyond where they came from. Amen. Naturally, and say no, I want my possession in the promised land. &gt;&gt; Amen. They wanted their inheritance and they did not let the life of the unbelief of their father stop them. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why? Because because he died in his own sin, his own unbelief. Amen. They did not let the stigma of their parents hinder them. Amen. This is things we got to wrestle with and overcome. They say, "Well, my parents were like this and this is the reputation they had." It's not your reputation. Amen. No. No. You're a son or daughter of God. Your reputation is Christ's reputation. &gt;&gt; Amen. They wanted that inheritance that their that their father should have passed on to them which was of joy, peace, faith, love, meekness, gentleness, all those things, the true identity of the word. They wanted that inheritance. He see you see he should have passed on this by living in faith in the living God and the reality of the promise of of God. He should have passed that reality on that God that the God they will follow was the same yesterday, today and forever. What a difference it would have been if you if you contrasted their house or their tent in the wilderness to Caleb's. Amen. Their house or their tent would have been grumbling, complaining, Moses this, Moses that, the message this, the message that problems, sand, trouble, all these things. No water, blah blah blah blah, negative, down, tense, whatever, that kind of thing. Now, let's go over into Caleb's tent. Hallelujah. Children, &gt;&gt; I want to tell you again, &gt;&gt; I was with Joshua. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I walked up Joy Valley. I walked over Peace Mountain. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I saw the promised land. I ate the fruit of it. It's a good land, children. Amen. Our God that brought us out is not going to leave us in this wilderness. He promised before we left Egypt. We're going in, children. We're going in. Hallelujah. And then I tell you what, I saw a mountain and something in me said, "That's my mountain." Amen. Hallelujah. I tell you what, we're going to live there and I'm going to take you to that physical place and I'm going to tell you where where these feet stood 40 years ago is where we are today. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Would have been a hallelujah glory shouting and maybe the tent would have been moving. It's the power of God. His faith brought him down. Hallelujah. Around the dinner table about how good God is. &gt;&gt; Amen. What a contrast that was. But you see, you see that generation, that younger generation like these five women here, God broke that cycle of unbelief and murmuring out of their lives. Amen. Cuz God was determined that the young generation will not live out the same problems and fussing and fighting, church splits and hatred and malice and strife and splits and all these things that the elder generation did. No, this young generation, we're living in a different season. I mean, we're living in a season where where there's a unity of spirit, where there's a reality of the word. Amen. Where God lives in every one of us. Amen. Where the promises of God are not just abstract ideas to talk about, but they're living reality. Amen. They're a real thing. Amen. Where we see the promises. Hallelujah. I trust you feel that way, too. I mean, we're living in a different dispensation. Why? Because we've pro crossed Jordan and we're living in Canaan's fair land. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. They stepped out as I said of the of the father um of the shadow of their father that that that that attitude. They did not have a poor me attitude. I mean a poor me attitude is such a bad one. Such a bad it's to have a victim mentality has never helped no one in the history of the world. &gt;&gt; It has never helped anyone. It's never helped anyone possess any promise. Never helped anyone push on in life. But it just d them to dig a hole that they bury themselves in. Amen. People say, "Yo, poor me. I have no friends. No one cares about me. Now listen, I use my title. Listen. Amen. Listen. I just want to say this. I have never met a single person who's caring, who's friendly, who draws a circle bigger, who contacts people, who tries to arrange things to do. I've never ever met a single person like that that cares for others more than themselves. I've never met a single person like that that is lonely and has no friends. &gt;&gt; Do you know anyone that like that has no friends? No, because it's not in them. The they are friendly. They don't have a victim mentality. They don't have a poor mentality. But if the focus is all on us and poor us and no one cares, you know, there comes a time if you just project the vibe of I don't want to talk to you. I'm not interested in you. I don't want to take you up on an invitation to do something. You can't sit there and wonder why no one is your friend. You can't. You got to realize actually I need to change. Maybe you're from a family of very strictly independent, you know, isolationist people. God wants to break that out of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. God wants to take that from you cuz we're not meant to be an island by ourselves. We need one another. Amen. You say, "Well, you don't know what I've been through." I tell you what, listen. I got this in my notes. Listen, if the Lord if you ever open your heart and your eyes to what the Lord has done for you, you will never ever feel sorry for yourself again. &gt;&gt; You will never think you're a victim. &gt;&gt; No. The spirit, that spirit will leave you and you can't think the same. You can never sit there and say, "Poor me and woe is me and no one likes me." No. He came to love the unlovable. And I tell you, because he loved me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. So, so we must never ever sit there and let the devil put us in a hole and say no one cares about us. That's not that's not the state of a believer. The devil wants to keep us that way to isolate us. But tell you what, friends, why on earth would a spirit would you allow a spirit to stand on your promise of having good, valuable, meaningful friendships and relationships to be part of the body. Amen. A believer can't live in that state. These five daughters weren't willing to live without an inheritance. Now they said it's our promised land. It's our inheritance which is in Christ the son of man. See they desired more than anything to have a possession in him in the land. Now notice you go read this account. It didn't say and the Lord spake unto Moses saying there's five daughters of a family and they have no brother to inherit and there they can't receive the possession. Therefore go get them and tell them they've got an inheritance. God didn't speak to Moses. They came to Moses. They came to the word. Amen. A real a real son or daughter of God does not sit back and wait God to push them through a pipe and give them everything. No, a real son and daughter of God has enough gumption in them to approach the throne of grace and say, "God, it's mine." &gt;&gt; I mean, Lord, you've given it to me. I want that promise. I want the salvation of my family. I want my full inheritance, Lord. I'm not willing just to settle with a little bit. I want it all. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. They wanted to become to to live off that land, possess it, live off it, become one with it. And what did the Lord say? The daughters of Zilo Fahad speak, right? See, cuz this is the heart of God. I want to give it to you. He wants to give you the Holy Ghost more than you want to receive it. He wants to give you joy and speakable more than you want it. He wants to give you peace of past understanding more than you want to receive it. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's a quote, by the way. &gt;&gt; He wants to give it to you, but you've got to go get it. You've got to want it. Amen. But you see what happens is now, now I'm just going to What are we doing for time? We're doing good. Now, it says in Hebrews 11, and all these, see, if the heroes of faith could have been written longer, I believe those five women there we read about to me, they're the five wise virgin of the Old Testament. They wanted their someone who's foolish doesn't care. Those who are wise want everything God's given them. Amen. And so now, so Paul, he could have, if he had enough time or whatever, he maybe could have put them in. You see, because they are heroes of faith in my opinion because naturally they could not go fight for a possession. They weren't part of the army. Think about it. Naturally, they could not physically go drive some enemy off and possess some land. It was the men's job to do the fighting. But they went to the right source. They went to God. They didn't they weren't speaking to Moses. They're approaching God. Is this okay? Amen. And God said, "I'll give it to you." Amen. But you see now he says, "God, now and all these things, having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise." God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect. Amen. So there's got to be a completion that is finished off by the last part of the body of Christ. So all the believers down through the ages without us cannot be made complete. And we are compassed about with so greater a cloud of witnesses. And sometimes it feels like there's more on that side than this side. As we see the saints go on. I'm sure we know a few real believers. Amen. That really if you knew their lives, you'd say, "How are they so happy?" Remember Sister Val? She she went to be with the Lord. She was up 90 90 something years old when she passed on. But when I met her, I don't know, however long it was ago, full of life, full of zeal, full of joy. Then you hear her upbringing and the and the hard life she had with her husband, all the trouble she had and all these things. You think, why on earth did that not make her bitter? I tell you what, cuz she chose to be identified not by her hard life, not by the natural things, but she was identified by the living God. And she decided, this is who I am in spite of whatever circumstance. Friends, I've been in Papa New Guinea. I've been to the rubbish dump there. I've seen people scavenging for aluminium cans just to sell to live off. They're not sad. They're happy people. They're not wo is me and victim mentality. You know, you drive up there, we were getting firewood with a pastor there. We drive up, people are waving, hello, how are you? How's things? They're not hiding their head in shame and all these things. They're happy people. They don't have this well is me victim mentality. I say, friends, if a natural person in a natural land can be like that, what about you and I? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. What about I? What about you and I? Amen. to God. So without us they are not made complete. We are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses. Amen. So we got to realize that they are cheering us on because there's got to be a people that are alive cuz remember any every every generation has a has a witness has a people that know a living God. And you happen to be this generation. Amen. You weren't back in the 60s or back at Isusa Street or back in the Reformation or back there with Paul or with the Lord Jesus or No, you're here today. Amen. And so God is God is calling us to run. Amen. He doesn't want us to walk with a poor me was me mentality. He wants us to walk He wants us to walk with our heads up, our chests out. We're son and daughter of God. Amen. We're here to possess every divine promise. Amen. But there's a call. We got to lay aside every weight and sin that that uh which has so easily beset us. Now this word sin here, this is from the the Bible dictionary. It means to miss the mark. It means to it means to be mistaken. So we've got to lay aside these weights and these sins. So to miss the mark, you say, "Well, I believe," see, see the Apostle Paul here is telling us in this scripture, there's things we've got to lay aside, weights and sins, burdens. So things that aren't even sinful, but they weigh us down, we're to lay it aside. Sin, see, there's an element of sin that you must wrestle with because you're still in this body, &gt;&gt; right? Your sin, I mean, your soul, it's sinless, right? Because the blood of Jesus Christ has cleansed it. But you need a new body. Right? So there's an element of unbelief that you must wrestle with things that from your natural lineage that you've got to wrestle with and overcome. Okay? And so to miss the mark now it means that you can you can what are you doing? You're aiming at the wrong target to be mistaken. I trust I've got everyone's attention right now for about five minutes. Okay. Now you see but you see well but I believe the word. I believe the message. How could I ever miss the mark? What do you believe about yourself? Are you at peace with yourself? &gt;&gt; Of who you are? Many times we wrestle with the thought of why on earth would God ever love me, don't we? I think I got everyone's attention right because this is missing the mark. This is part of this is a sin you got to lay aside. Amen. Do you like yourself? Because what God sees in you is perfection. You are his greatest achievement. Not the universe. You. Not the nebulas and all the galaxies and not even nature and all these. It's you are his greatest achievement. God's desire. He says, "Heaven is my throne. Earth is my foottool. But where is the place of my rest?" He asked in Isaiah. That's his question. And he's actually throwing it out to the out to the humanity. Where can I rest myself? Well, God, couldn't you make a place to rest? He doesn't want to make something like just some bed to rest in. He wants a loving, surrendered, abiding heart that's sold out to him. That's the place of his rest. Right? So to have a people, can you think about it? There's in you is if you got the Holy Ghost, there's God and there's your will, right? And because of his great grace, you're intertwined now together. That's an incredible achievement. &gt;&gt; That's a supernatural thing for a person. Hey, we're all born. We're stubborn. We're prideful. We're arrogant. We think we know it all. Especially when we get to late teens. We think we know everything and all the, you know, but yet God in his mercy gets a hold of us and allows our will to be surrendered into his will where there's actually a true oneness where he can rest. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, but I don't like me. God likes you. My parents never said a single good word about me. God said a lot of good words about you. And he knows the whole you. &gt;&gt; He doesn't just know the facade you put out to people. He knows the whole you. He knows your secret thoughts. He knows what's in your heart. You say, "Well, my heart's so bad. My thoughts are so evil." He doesn't even take that into account. He takes you. I trust that makes sense. You say, "Well, how he could never love me. I'd never amounted to nothing." And you're his greatest achievement. You've got to lay aside that weight. I say, "Lay aside that sin which is missing the mark." That's why people can be so unhappy in themselves and so not secure, happy in your own skin. It's because of especially fathers, how they treated us growing up. You know, it's such a sad thing that us as children will think of how God is based on how our father has treated us. There's like this imprinting that puts is put in our human spirit on God based on how our father was. If he was cruel and mean and judgmental and distant, you'll think God's that way. If you think he's loving and kind and lets you get away with anything, you'll think God's that way, right? God's got to give us to a right balance. Amen. We got to let God take away this false impression of who he is and let him show us who he really is. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because that's a that's a weight that God wants to take off you. Amen. Where God wants you to just be happy. Lord, I'm glad I'm glad you've made me me. If you can come to that place in your walk, you've just got a tremendous victory. &gt;&gt; Amen. where you realize God actually does love me not on what I've done because of who I am, because we're his children. Is this is this sinking in? Amen. Because many people say, "I've got to earn something. I've got to keep earning things. I've got to keep doing this." No. God doesn't love you because of what you do. It's by it's He loves you because of who you are. And your actions aren't who you are. You are who you are. are that gene seed of God he put in you before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. We're we're going to come to a rest. Lord, you love me. You've told me you love me. You've accepted me in spite of all I am what I've done. My even my attitude towards myself, Lord. Change it to match your attitude towards me. Because I'll tell you what, that won't make you arrogant. That won't make you proud. No, it'll make you humble and more appreciative. I'm going to give you a stability in your life that God, I'm your chosen one. &gt;&gt; This may have gone way a bit of a segue, but this is just where we are. You got to come to peace. Let God wrestle with that thought. Maybe you never had a good good word from your father in your life. Lay it down. This word is anointed you. The reason it is because he says when the Holy Ghost falls on someone, anoint like fills them, that's God saying, "I'm pleased with you. You're my beloved son. You're my beloved daughter. We're nearly done. Amen. Lunch is coming. See the Lord See the Lord took Peter, James, and John up Mount Transfiguration. He said, "This is my beloved son. Hear him." What did the father do if I could put it that way? What did he do? He publicly acknowledged, "I'm proud of my son." It was his adoption robing time, if I put it that way, right? The baptism of the Holy Ghost is the adoption robe. Okay? But I just want to use this illustration this way. He publicly, See, many fathers do not publicly tell their children how what they think of them in a good way. They will not actually come to say, "I'm proud of you. You're my child. I'm so happy to see you grow up." Not that they leave the house, but I want to see them come to their full. You want to see them come to their full manifestation as a person, right? Fathers, it's like it's like David and Abselon. David wept so much for Abselon in public, but there's no record of him in the Bible ever actually actually acknowledging Abselon. Abselon, I love you. &gt;&gt; There was always this rift. And because why? Because Jesse did not publicly acknowledge David. So the cycle came down. You say, "Well, how could that happen?" It's because you got to realize that part of your inheritance is going more than just being anointed and, you know, more than just this isolated thing. You got to realize you let that anointing reach down into your family and see what God has done to you. You got to humanly do. That's why I think it's so important we recognize these young men, these young women. &gt;&gt; I don't call you children anymore. You're adults. &gt;&gt; You're growing up. It's good. I like what I see. your men, your women. We don't want to push you down. Who's with me? Parents, &gt;&gt; we're not here to push anyone down. We want to see everyone raise up to their God-given position. Amen. Where they will go into Gad and take their inheritance of a of a rapture and a double portion. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why we could say this. You can put any of your names there. This is my beloved children. They're not children anymore. Hear ye him. Hear them. The word is in them. Let them speak it now. Let God live out of their lives. Amen. I trust maybe this is not making sense. This means a lot to me because God has with this message, I'm going to summarize this whole thing. God with this message has identified you as his child and he's not ashamed of you none. Nothing you've done is ashamed of. He's proud of you. Amen. He loves you with an everlasting love and he wants to place you as an adult son and daughter of God, not as a child. So I say, let that replicate down into our families that we can be men that stand in the gap. We can be men and women that can stand in the gap. Stand in be a hedge. Be a place of protection. Where a spirit doesn't get into any of us. Where where where a person begins to think I don't belong and I'll never amount to nothing. And if anyone's ever told you that in your life, they've been lying to you. That's a demon spirit talking to you. I tell you what, friends, you got the greatest potential of any people I know is in this room. Amen. And people may have bypassed you, but God sure hasn't bypassed you. I mean, just like David was bypassed by his brothers and his father, but God didn't bypass him. And God hasn't bypassed you. I don't care what age you're at. Amen. God's anointed you with the Holy Ghost. I mean, to bring forth kingship, amen, or queenship, I put it that way. That you will dwell in the overcomer's throne. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, let's go and hear it. There's sons. There's daughters. Let's have the musicians. I'm going to finish. I'm going to abruptly just pull the bus over. We've stopped. Let's have the musicians. You say, "Well, I'm I'm nothing." What does God see about you? That's why we've got to look at this. Don't be mistaken. Remember, sin is to be mistaken. Don't be mistaken about yourself. Say, "God, show me what you know of me." I was going to use the word think, but we use a human thought. No. What does God know about me? Who does he say I am? And that will be a sin that's just cast to one side. Amen. Oh boy. Amen. Let's um let's stand. I want to sing the um I want to sing our revelation song. Gates of hell you will not prevail. By the rock of revelation, my faith will stand. All that is before me will all end up behind me. When I sing that, I think that that those spirits are dead in the mud, face down behind me. That's what I think. So maybe a bit violent, but I'm violent against the enemy. Amen. That's just how I feel. Anything that's opposing me is going down. Amen. I tell you what, friends, we go into this camp. Let's go victorious already. Let's not wait for Sunday night to have a jubilee. Why not have a jubilee now? Why not have a revival leading up to camp where the word becomes more alive? Set yourself aside this coming week. Draw nigh to God. Say, "God, I have needs. God, there's people coming to camp that don't even know you. Lord, there's strangers. There's people who have never come into your presence before, God. Lord, touch them." Hallelujah. Have an expectation. And I tell you what, friends, we'll have the greatest camp that's ever struck the earth will be this one. Not because of who we are, but because of who God is. If we give him first place, we let God be God, there's nothing that he cannot do. Amen. Amen. Let's sing. I'm here for my promise. I come and believe no matter the problem. I know I'll receive I here for my healing. His word says it's mine. So all of the feelings I call you alive. I'm here for my victory. I lift up my hands. My faith is an army. Right here I'll stand. Oh, I have authority and I'm coming for what's mine. I know what I've been given. And I'm here for a fight. Yeah. Oh, gates of hell. You won't prevail. On the rock of revelation, my faith won't fail. And all that stands before me will all end up behind me. I [Applause] [Music] car. I know who I am. I know where I stand. And I have the soul of the king in my hand. Yeah. [Music] I hear for my family. are here for us, son. You might think you're [Music] here for my children. I'm here for my daughter. You might think you had her, but I'm coming for her. I have authority and I'm coming for what's mine. I know what I give and I'm here for a fight. Yeah. Oh, gates of hell. You won't be on the rock of revelation. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I know I know where I [Music] am the king in my head. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I'm claiming all my blessings. I'm claiming all my blessing. I'm claiming all my victory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I'm claiming all my family. I'm claiming all my children. I'm claiming all he gave me. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm here for salvation. Oh Jesus, you save. Through you I'm forgi. You've conquered the grave. I'm here for my blessing. I'm here for my joy. No more depression. It's time to rejoice. [Music] I have a glory and I'm coming for what's my I know what Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] on the rock [Music] [Applause] and all this before behind me. [Applause] [Music] I know who I am. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] You want me [Music] re [Music] and all stands before me behind me. I [Applause] know I know where I stand. I am [Music] here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Who feels that way? Who believes that way? Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer this morning, shall we? Amen. The question's gone out. Are there any sons? Are there any daughters? We say yes, Lord. Here we are, Lord. We're here to possess every promise, oh God. Hallelujah. Lord, you gave it to us, Lord. We want every divine promise of God, Lord, that you died for that day on Calvary. Lord, that's come out of your open word, Lord Jesus. We want it all. We want to possess it all and we're not satisfied with just a portion. We want the whole thing, my God. So, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray, dear God, that we'd push out every enemy, every spirit of unbelief, Lord, every every spirit of of skepticism, my God. Father, anything that would try and push us off a promise, Lord God, we we we rebuke in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, house of hell, give way to the name of Jesus Christ, we're coming through, devil, get out of our way or get run over. Oh God, we love you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. Lord, we can possess every divine promise, Lord. We can raise up and be real men, real women of God, Lord, that we, Lord, that we don't need to live with a pity party kind of an atmosphere or poor me, Lord, but we can go beyond, Lord, those things and walk with you and be positive and have a life full of faith and love, oh God. We thank you so much, Lord Jesus. You've Lord, you've charged us, Lord, to run this race, oh God, that set before us, Lord. So, we're going to look unto you, Lord, the author and finisher of our faith. We're going to look unto your word, look unto your promises, oh God, and be fixated upon them, oh God, as we run. We love you, Lord. I just want to commit everyone here, dear God, into your hands, Lord. Anyone here, Lord, who's maybe hurting from their childhood or something, dear God, I pray you just pour your anointing in there, Lord. Pour your healing virtue in, dear God. Father, they'd have such a stability in their hearts, oh God. They know who they are, Lord. They know that you love them, Lord Jesus. Lord, that they don't look at them, Lord. They Lord, you don't look at them how maybe their parents did, Lord Jesus. You look at them with an unfailing love because they are part of you. Granted, dear God, we love you, Lord. We commit the service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. Amen. Turn the service to you, bro. You want to sing a couple of songs or whatever you want to do, bro? [Music] Praise the Lord. Um, let's let's do one little fast song and then we'll do the practice. Let's do um uh I've got the song God's Not Dead, He is Alive. Do it. An E. Give me an E. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over. God's not dead. Oh, God. [Applause] He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over. Stand up. Shout him. Stand up. Shout my [Music] sh my [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] sh My stand [Music] [Applause] one more time because he is alive. [Music] He is alive. God does not. &gt;&gt; He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over. [Music] Amen. Amen. God's not dead. Okay, we're going to do one more practice right now. Okay. And then this is going to be like the the practice that we're going to absolutely nail the song and then we're gonna do one more practice. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it cost, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelu on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, [Music] I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. Working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe.
