################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-16 - 1603-25 - Offended - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-16
Title:   1603-25 - Offended - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3YfPj5MIBc
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning. Welcome to the house of God this morning. It's um good to be here. Amen. We were um we had a little bit of sort of not trouble but little few issues setting up all the sound gear this morning because um we just realized we kind of temporarily lost um a piano player and a sound guy and we figured it was because they rudely went ahead and got married on us. So, so, so we had to sort of we've had to um implement a um sort of a no marriage policy for the band for about 12 months, unfortunately. So, so if there if there are any single people in the band that you maybe you've taken a liking to, you're going to have to at least wait 12 months cuz we this was this double whammy was hard to take, man. No, no, it's good to be here. you know, life life has it its twists and turns and I'm I'm I think it's a it's been a very nice turn that's happened for um brother James and sister Tiana and um yeah, it's just good good to see that. Let's um stand this morning and invite the Lord to be here and um yeah, we're going to have a good time this morning in the Lord. Amen. Heavenly Father, we're grateful that we can be in your house this morning, Lord. And we just thank you for the work that you continue to do in our midst, Lord, and in each life. And that you you change and mold and make hearts and lives, Lord. And I just pray a blessing upon um um Brother James and Sister Tiana this morning, Lord, that you just bless them in their their their walk ahead. Lord, we thank that we can be a part of their the journey of their life, Lord, and see you work work in their life and their lives. And bless them and bless us this morning as we Lord, as we fellowship around your word and we worship you, Lord. May you just move amongst us in a powerful way, Lord. And may you speak to each heart. May may each each heart be refreshed this morning in the Holy Ghost, Lord. That's what we that's what we need, Lord, as we continue to build our life upon you, Lord. The chief cornerstone, Lord. And we we come here as living stones this morning, Lord, just to to be alive to you this morning. So, we just commit this service to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing um some glad morning. When this life is over, I'll fly away. A some glad morning. When this life is over, I fly away to a home on God's celestial shore. I fly I'll fly away. Oh fly away. Oh glory I fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. Bye bye. I fly away with the shadow of this life head. I fly away like from prison bast I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, fly away. Your glory. Fly [Music] away. No, I won't die. Hallelujah. My away. Just a few more. Just weary days. Fly away to a land. Rejoice shall never fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, fly away. Oh [Applause] glory [Music] away. I won't die. Hallelujah. [Applause] My way. I'll fly [Music] away. Fly [Music] away. Fly away. I hallelujah. [Applause] My way. I'll fly my way. Oh, fly away. Oh, glory away. I won't die. Hallelujah. Fire. Oh, in that city. In that city where the land is alive. In that city where they come in the no. I imagine over there. I am going where land is alive. There's a country far beyond the star sky. Or there's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we shall rule it by. In that city where the land is alive. Oh, in that city. In that city where the land is alive. In that city where they come down, I have a mansion over there and with me from I am going where the land is alive. Here we have our piece of sunshine. But we know that the sun will shine upon us now so bright. For we change the clouds and rain until we go to that city where the land is alive. In that city, in that sea where the land is alive. In that city where they come on. I'm a man of joy. I am going with the land is alive. Then the flowers burn forever and day shall be one eternal day without a he forever wiped away. In that sea where the land is. Oh, in that city. In that sea where the land is alive. In that city where they come. I'm a man over there from toilet. I am going where the lamb is alive. For here we have our disappointments all the while. Finding our fondest hopes met with bitter blood. Though I may be born smile in that sea where the land is alive. In that sea. In that sea where the land is alive. In that sea where they come and go. I'm a me. I am going where land is alive. Then like sunlight fading twilight bring not a shadow can my blow soul pride for I know there in that sea where the land is alive. In that sea, in that sea where the land is alive. In that sea with [Music] [Applause] [Music] no I is alive in that sea. In that sea where there is life. In that se [Music] Im where the land is alive. Amen. What a blessed hope that we have. Amen. Oh, Jerusalem was a shaken and Pentecost had arrived at our peroon party. They were drunk on the new wine. And Jesus stood among them. And they knew there was no doubt. This Holy Ghost fire, it will make you dance and shout. It's just my [Applause] fire. Shut up in my voice. This whole week goes fire. She shut up in my bones just like fire. Shot up in my bones. This whole go shot up in my bones. Well fell from his mother's belly. Born to prophesy the prophet Jeremiah would lift his voice and cry. Be quiet. The folks demanded, "Shut up and leave us alone." But he said, "How can you be quiet when there's fire down in your home? Shut up in my go. Shut up in my bones. Just like shut up in my bones. So we go. He shut up in my bones. And open upon Elijah's bones. the dead man resurrected and he ran back to his home. And when he tells the folks a story where you could hear him say he said, "I found that holy power in a deep and Just my [Applause] fire. Shut up in my fire. Shut up in my just shut up in my holy go. Some people get offended because I leave and shout. They say too much emotion and too much fooling about. But don't tell me to be silent or to sit down in my pew. Good. If you felt what I felt, well then you'd be [Music] sh up in my li up in my go. Shut up in my bones. Feels like fire. Put it shut up in my bones. This Holy Ghost fire is shot up in my bones. It's just like fire is shot up in my bones. This Holy Ghost fire is shot up in my Amen. Amen. I want to do one more praise song this morning. This one. I was there when the spirit came. Felt his power and I praise his name. I was there when the spirit came. Felt the fire in front of us. Oh, the wondous goodness of his love. I was there with spirit. Holy father, holy father just fill me. Lord Jesus spirit once again. If you never felt his purpose again, you better go and again. I was there when the spirit came on the day of picles when spirit belong. They were there when the spirit came like a mighty washing or soul was the same as I was there when the spirit came. Holy Father, Holy Father, just let me tell you about Jesus spirit once [Music] again. If you felt his purp and repent again, I was there with the spirit. Holy [Music] Father, Father just went back through this rain. Feed me Lord Jesus in the spirit once again. If you can't tell his perfect name, you better go and repent again. I was there when one more time. My holy father, holy father, holy father, just let thy goodness rain. Feed me Lord Jesus in the spirit once again. If you never felt his purpose, you better go and repent again. I was there when the spirit came. [Music] Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds and every press on my knees will lay before the [Music] Lord. But all I want to see is [Music] Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus. See him shineing through me. Oh, I know the time is near when everything that I hold dear will lay before. [Music] power words of knowledge in his name and healing hands that touch the lame will lay before the [Music] Lord. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is live in me. All I want to see is [Music] Jesus shine. All I want to see. Oh, all I want to see is Jesus. [Music] All I want to see is in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine through me. And here say And hear him say. Well done. My [Music] praise. Well done. Well done. Well done. my face. Oh, and here [Music] say well done [Music] my just well done. Well done. Well done. my faith. Oh, and all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus. See him shineing through me. [Music] How great the cast [Music] and spoke your way into the darkness. Your loving kindness through the shadow of my soul. [Music] Jesus Christ, my [Music] living, who could imagine such great a mercy. What heart could fathom such boundless grace? The God of aes step down from glory to wear my sin and bear my shame. The cross has spoken. I am forgi. The king of kings calls me to give his own. Beautiful savior. I'm yours forever. Jesus Christ, my living. Sing hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. this salvation in your name Jesus Christ my livinging host sing hallelujah hallelujah praise the one who set me free [Music] hallelujah has lost it grip on me you have broken every chain that salvation in your name Jesus Christ my [Music] living. Then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body began to out of the silence. The glory declares the grave and snow. Then came the morning. Then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body began to breathe out of the sight. are all right. Declare the [Music] gra Jesus. Jesus, yours is the victory. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my living hope. Halleluah. Hallelu. Praise the one who set me free. [Music] Hallelujah. Death has lost his grip on me. You have broken. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ my living. Oh Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ my living. Oh Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ my living [Music] hope. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fail me. In all my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] I love your fire in the darkest night. You were close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have been but all my life. All my life you have been faithful. All my life, all my life, you have been [Music] s with every breath that I [Music] have. I will see you. All my life you've been faithful. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been s every breath that I am able. I will sing of the goodness. Your goodness is running after. Your goodness is running after. Is running after me. Your goodness is running out. Is running after me with my life down. Surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after it's running after [Music] me. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. You look back, hey, he's he's been faithful. He hasn't stopped being faithful. Amen. He'll continue on. Amen. That's what he does. Amen. He's faithful and true. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Isaac. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Good morning everyone. Great to have you all here today. Praise the Lord. Amen. We just got a uh it's great weddings bring visitors. So we we're glad about that. Praise the Lord. Amen. So we got quite a few visitors. I'm just going to read off all your names and then and then we'll clap. How about that? Can we do that? Okay. So we got we got brother John. God bless you. Amen. The Sevenster family. God bless you. Amen. The Milans, God bless you. We've got brother Joseph. Amen. On the sound. Appreciate that. God bless you. Sister Naomi, God bless you. There's Brother Jude. Amen. God bless you, my bro. And Sister Vicki, God bless you. Your name almost didn't get on the list, but hey, I mean, you're and and brother Gideon, God bless you, my bro. God bless you. Amen. So, welcome everyone. Appreciate you being here. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I trust you all feel at home. We got lunch after service, so don't don't run away unless you got to catch a flight or you can get another one, but you know, I mean, but you're welcome for lunch afterwards. Okay? So, God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can have your seats. Um I just want to speak. I did um uh just just before we go to the scripture, I just want to share a bit about Samoa very very very briefly. We just see if this works. So uh this time last week I was in Apia um Eagle Christian Fellowship there put on a convention for the Pacific. It was really brother Ralph uh from Oakland his his burden and some believers and different ones uh came from all over. So um so we had brethren from from Sydney from Melbourne or outside of Melbourne Sheperton. Um brother Fie and some RFBF came and um he had some brothers from Fiji and little old me. So we had a blessed time. Um it was if we just Yeah. So this is this is a typical kind of after the service. There was great unity. You know people ask me what it was like. I say it was like camp. Spirit of God was there. Love between the brethren. Um it was it was such a blessed time. Um yeah, so uh the fellowship in Apia, uh brother Lu, who was the pastor, he went to be with the Lord a few years ago, so they don't have a pastor at the moment. So it was a real good boost for them, a blessing for them, I believe. And it was a blessing to um to be there. Uh what else do we have? Um so um this is a side note, but I hadn't um I hadn't been to Samoa for about 20 years. My parents used to live in American Samo, and to get to American Samo, you got to fly through Western Samo. So, one thing that hasn't changed is the fact you're met with a quartet band and there's the bass player on the right uh left right hand side with with a upside down bucket and a stick and he just moves the stick and changes the note. Um, but the thing is one thing that was neat to go for me, this is a very special trip for me because when I was last in Samo, I wasn't a Christian. I didn't know God at all. And when I was there, well, in American Samo, there was a hurricane hurricane cyclone Heather came through and I think where's Fish? He he he went to Newway to Where is he? He's there. Yeah, he was in Newway at that time helping rebuild cuz the that cyclone went straight over Newway, flattened it. It went around the south coast of American Samo, but where my parents lived there, I don't have any photos of it, but they lived on the um only real flat part of the island. It was like a big lava rock shelf with about this much dirt. And and after that cyclone went through, the only trees left standing were coconut trees. So the next morning after the cyclones gone through, big trees were you everything got blown over, whole, you know, houses got um um blown down, all those things. And and so the next morning I had to cut a path through our path through our driveway through all these fallen trees and branches uh for my dad to go see if his work was still there. Thankfully it was. But there I was not a Christian. Now coconut trees have coconuts, right? We all know this, right? If one of those things hits you, I think you're pretty much gone. This is what I thought. So here these things are swaying like mad. big, you know, gale force winds, you know, and um and and I'm and I'm cutting with a machete through these fallen trees and I'm looking up watching these coconuts going. And I got real religious cuz I was scared I could die. So, I started singing every hymn I knew from chapel from school. I wasn't a Christian. But then fast forward a few years, Christy and I get married. We're in Christ Church for the first earthquake there. And we begin to pray as the place is shaking up and down and the spirit of God came down. We had no fear. It pays to know him when crisis strikes. Amen. Because when crisis strikes, that's when he really steps on the on the forefront. So, I'm so I'm so thankful during that during that earthquake, I wasn't singing all the hymns I knew, trying to trying to be religious in times of trouble, right? God just stepped on the scene. So, it was a very special trip for me. Um, yeah, we had a blessed time of fellowship. That's all the saints there singing from the um church here in Apia. Um, yeah, but they yeah, they uh s on hospitality is amazing. great love. Um yeah, it was just a great time. Had a blessed time in the Lord. So, um Lord willing, we'll go back again. Amen. So, if you ever if you ever want to go on holiday, go there and go to church and support the believers. Amen. Wonderful group of people. So, it was a real blessed time. Just a great unity. It was so nice. Amen. So, so I don't really have much more to add than that. Just want to keep it brief. So, also, if we could keep in prayer, this is this is Pastor Sam. He's in Sydney and um he's a real fireball, but he's looking at there's a transition going on in Sydney with pastors and so on and um um he's wanting to see a see a young brother step up and take that position and we just want to keep them in prayer, keep up here in prayer that the Lord would raise up a pastor there and um yeah, we got brothers and sisters all around the world and they're just like us. They love the Lord just like us. They worship like us. They love the Lord. So, it's um it's a real blessing. So, yeah, um let's uh let's stand to our feet this morning. Sorry, very brief. Um, I'm I'm a terrible and Christine can say I meant to this. I'm a terrible photographer. Okay, so when it comes to these and recording stuff, I'm bad at this, man. So, I'm sorry there weren't any better kind of photos, but it was just it it was such a Yeah, it was a blessed time. Amen. So, let's read from Matthew. We're going to go to Matthew 26 and verses 30 to uh 35 here. And um I was going to apologize to my girls. Sorry you heard this last night when we're having family altar. We're just kind of going to get the big big big version of it now. Okay. But you already know where I'm going. So just enjoy it with me. Yep. Okay. I think I got a yes. Okay. So Matthew 26 and30. And when they had sung a hymn, they went out into the Mount of Olives. Then saith Jesus unto them, "All ye shall be offended because of me this night. For it is written, I will smite the shepherd, and the sheep of the flock shall be scattered abroad. But after I am risen again, I'll go before you into Galilee." Peter answered and said unto him, "Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet I will never be offended." Jesus said unto him, "Verily I say unto thee, that this night before the cockcrow, thou shalt deny me thrice." Peter said unto him, "Though I should die with thee, yet I'll not deny thee." Likewise also said all likewise also said all the disciples. Amen. And so let's pray together this morning. If you ever need, you just want to slip your hand up to the Lord. Say, "Lord, remember me in this this moment of time." Amen. Gracious Father, we love you so much, Lord. You're so good to us. So appreciate, Lord, we can gather in spirit and in truth this morning. Thank you, Father, we can come and Lord, praise your great name and give you glory for all you've done. Thank you, Lord, that you're the Lord God of heaven and earth. And Father, we want to invite you to our lives this morning. speak to. Lord, may you anoint not just me, the speaker, but the hearer, Father, us here and those who may be watching by the way of the internet. Lord, may you take control. May you may your word touch lives today for your glory. May you do what you want to do in this service. Lord, we want to get ourselves out of the way that Lord, you have free way to do what you want done. Lord, have liberty among us, Father. We love you so much and thank you, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless. You can have your seats. Um, I'd also like to thank brother Arman, brother Isaac, and brother Jimmy for standing in the holding the fort. Appreciate all the services and everything. So, so thank you very much. Amen. So, we're just going to speak on this here where um Jesus Jesus said about how, you know, offense would come and it's and it's very interesting to me where he says this that that you know there would there would be a time where they should all be offended. Now notice this offense was not going to he did not say because of the Romans they'd be offended or they would not be offended because of the scribes or the Pharisees or even their own selves. But it was the word himself that would bring an offense. But notice he's speaking to believers. He's not speaking to the high priest. He's not speaking even to Judas at this time. I mean he's he's speaking to true believers, but he's telling them you're going to be offended because of me. My we cannot think that the word cannot offend us. The reason it offends us is because we have in our mind how it should be fulfilled. We must be very flexible. God knows how to fulfill his word. I think I've all got your attention just now. Right? God knows how to fulfill his word. He interprets his word by bringing it to pass. So we should never be offended, be annoyed, be upset when he fulfills his word a different way to what we think it should be fulfilled by. Because I could guarantee you if we could, you know, if we could go back in time when you just give your life to the Lord and and and you're interviewed saying, "What's your walk with God going to be like? What are you going to face? What struggles you going to go through? What things you know what what demon powers going to come against you? All those things." I could probably guarantee you that all of our gueststimations of our Christian walk to this point will be vastly different to what he has ordained. But you see, the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. Right? It may be over mountains, through valleys, through trials, pain, fire, flood, whatever it may be, through great anguish and suffering, but yet they're ordained by him. So, we must never be offended. Sorry, we're going to get to the end of this eventually, okay? So, let's just hold in there. And you know, it's not all negative, okay? But we got to realize we can trust our shepherd. Amen. He is the good shepherd. Amen. We're never out of his care. Even when things like like remember their world was about to turn upside down completely. Amen. The the very one they knew that was the Messiah was the Christ. The promise of the ages was in flesh right before them. And he told them, "You're going to be offended because of me." Right? So the whole world, you see, they never expected, even though he told them time and time again, I'm going to be crucified. I'm going to be delivered into the hands of wicked men, but I'm going to raise again. He told them multiple times, but yet it's as if because of, I know, just humanity, they did not grasp the purpose he had come to the world. Even when John the Baptist said, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." You would think that the disciples of John that followed Jesus would have put one and one together and realized, well, if the Old Testament lamb had to give its life, that sin would be covered, then this lamb of God is going to die, too. But they didn't grasp it. See, but but you got to realize even though they didn't grasp it, God walked with them until they realized they were part of the resurrection. Right? So, just because we don't understand everything that's going on, I think it's good we don't understand. Cuz when would we actually walk by faith? When would we actually walk by trust and faith and love? Amen. Because if you love someone, you will I mean, if you love someone, you trust them far more than just if you trust them. Like a work colleague or a friend. You may not love that person, but you'll trust them to a certain degree because of a relationship. But if you love that person, you'll trust them with your very life. Right? And that's the reason I think we don't see, you know, what we're going to walk through necessarily, the details of our life and the struggles we face, is because he wants us to trust him. Amen. Brother Ron Spencer, before he's uh I think he's 5 years with this cancer he's fighting, stage four cancer in his body. Before before the diagnosis ever came his way, the Lord told him, "If you trust me, I'll use you like never before." I think that goes for everyone if we can trust him. See, we don't have all the answers. He knows. But are you trusting him? Are you walking with or are you offended? Because how he's fulfilling his word in your life, it doesn't fit the mold of how you think it should go. Here's a few things that the Lord would um told told his disciples before uh before what we read uh what he spoke, what we just read. He said, "In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there ye may be also. John 14:21. And he that hath my commandments and keepeth them, he will uh he it is that loveth me, and he that loveth me shall be loved of my father, and I'll love him, and will manifest myself to him. Verse 26, but the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. In John 16:13, "How be it, when he, the Spirit of truth, has come, he'll guide you into all truth, for he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, uh, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come." So, because remember, when when Jesus is speaking these things, Judas is already out of the picture. God God begins to speak things to the disciples at a far greater depth and reality uh when Judas has left. But then he says after, he says, "You're all going to be offended because of me." because of how I fulfill my word, it's going to cause offense. You see, the controversy is never the fact the word will be fulfilled. It's how it's fulfilled is always the controversy. Right? Just like when when the Messiah came, we could have gone to any any any scribe or Pharisee, the high priest himself, and we could quote to him Isaiah 53, we could quote to him Isaiah 9:6 and all the promises of the Messiah. That wouldn't would not have offended any of them because they were they were looking for those promises to be fulfilled. But then when it became a reality, they were offended at the fulfillment of the scripture. That's why they didn't embrace the very Messiah they are looking for because he never he never comes the way we expect. Like Peter would um Paul would say here and without controversy great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifested in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, and received up into glory. But you can say, "Hold on, Paul. It was actually a great controversy. That's why they crucified him. That's why they rejected him because they couldn't reconcile how this man who seemed to have an illegitimate birth could be the very Lord of glory made flesh. How could God could how could God become a man yet his word prophesied he would become a man? How could this man of Galilee be the fulfillment the promise that that was given to Adam and Eve in the garden, the seed of the woman? How could this man fulfill this criteria of it? But he came exactly as the word said he would come. But how he came was controversial to the religious orders of the day. They became offended because they had it worked out in their mind how he would come. I trust. Don't be annoyed how God fulfills his word in your life. Don't be annoyed. See, the devil wants us to be annoyed at God. He wants the bride of Jesus Christ to be annoyed at the bridegroom. That's what he wants. Don't be annoyed at him. He say it doesn't seem fair. I think it like if we look at the grand scheme of things, I'm I have eternal life. So whatever comes comes what may good or bad it doesn't really matter. I have eternal life. I am a son of God. Amen. He has redeemed me by his blood. So whatever happens in life, if he does anything more for me, it's actually just a bonus. He's already done so much for me that I have enough to praise him for eternity for. Amen. He has done so much for me. If he never answers another single prayer, never does a single thing in my life. He's already done more than enough to prove he loves me. He cares for me. He died for me. He's redeemed me. He's my savior. He's my redeemer. He's my counselor. He's already done more than enough for me. Praise God. So, we must never ever get offended at at the path we are led down at the at how he fulfills his word because we know we're all going to take a rapture, right? And sure, we know the mechanics of it that this message produces a bride fit for the rapture. We know that, right? The message is the shout of first Thessalonians 4. That's not controversial to us, right? We know these things. But the mechanics of the fact of the events of the world and all these things, the chaos or lack of thereof or whatever will happen with world events, we don't know exactly what's going to h what state this country will be in. I'm not preaching doom and gloom, but you got to you got to realize if the world falls apart, don't be offended. If you lose it all, don't be offended. Amen. You know, if if it if it looks like that the very prayers you're praying for, it looks like in front of you it's going the opposite direction. Don't be offended. That's God fulfilling his word. You don't know what tomorrow holds. You don't know that tomorrow could be the answer. You know, what you're looking for in your mind and believing for could be right in front of you, even though today it's going the opposite way. So, don't be offended by however it's being fulfilled. I'm probably going to repeat that a lot. So, but I just I I think let's just trust him more. He says, "You think I'm supporting ignorance?" I'm not. I'm telling you there's a difference between this intellectual age we're living in where the church has been pregnantated with science and all these so-called figured out and everything. You don't figure out God. When them priests had God figured out so perfect they know how the Messiah was going to come, he come so different from what they had figured out. It wasn't scientific. Amen. If you think you can figure out God, you're wrong. Oh, I've got it all charted out and everything. It's good to study the message. Good to put it all together, but don't think just figuring it out gives you a right to say, "God, you owe me an answer." God doesn't owe us anything. This is not a democracy. He's sovereign. Amen. Do you ask him? Absolutely. Do you do you call on his name? Are there things that seem to be lingering that haven't seem to have not been answered? Yes. But does that make me offended? No, because God's timing is perfect. That's right. Amen. Though the though the answer may, you know, seem to be ting, it's on its way. Lord, Amen. You know, Mary and Martha, it was Jesus seemed to be 4 days late, he was right on time, right? They said to him, "Lord, if you'd only been here, you know, our brother would not have died." They weren't offended. They just didn't understand. But you see, he intervened, stepped, you know, stepped on the scene, called them out of the grave. Amen. because they were willing to say, "Lord, if you'd been here, he would have been, you know, he wouldn't have died, but Lord, nevertheless, Lord, at your word, we trust you." Oh my, how could this man being an illegitimate child, where did he go to school at? Where did his education come from? Where did he get his learning? Why you try to teach us you're born in fornications? Oh, for the goodness sake, see the same thing repeated again. See it repeat again. all their religious science. Religious science according to what the their Bible school said. That's the way they want it. That's the way it has to be or it isn't. We to be careful we don't put this message in a mold. That church has to be this way. And if it's not this way, it's not it's not the message. Every church is sovereign. Churches worship different. Amen. The the preacher will preach specific needs for a local body. Right. We've had a oneman ministry that the that his ministry's gone around the world. That's the seventh angels. So there won't be another man standing here that will preach for the entire world. There is a five-fold ministry, but it's for local needs, right? So, so we all sing songs different. We all worship different, right? We all act a little bit different because every church is sovereign. So we can't take the mold of this church and apply it to another church and say that church is wrong. That's right. because they're sovereign in themselves and and and vice versa. Or you can't compare a minister with a minister because they're all built differently. Thank God. Hallelujah. Thank God they're not all like me. I'll just say it like that. I'm glad. Right. I'm glad God is a very has a very diverse body. Amen. That you know, going to Samo, you can't sit there with a western white man attitude saying that's wrong. They're not wrong. They're the bride of Jesus Christ in Samoa. Praise God that God isn't limited to this stupid thing. Amen. We're a body. We should be able to discern one another, seeing the word in one another, right? So, we can't put God in a box. You can't put churches in a box. Amen. Though it may seem very foreign to us, you know, but we can't take a form and get offended when people don't fit the form of our idea. Okay? See, it has to be that way or it isn't it. Hold on. See, there is a there is a wait, I'm just going to jump down to jump down to this if I can find it. Now, he brother Ram says this in the in the in the latest church age book. He says, I want I mean later in church age. I want to give you a right warning here that's concerning the last days. It's because of abounding iniquity, the love of many will wax cold in the latest or last age. Self love and love for material things will take the place of the true love of God. We need to guard against the power of sin in these last days. So many are getting so hard because they haven't realized the effect of this last day spirit. So there's a hardness that can come in because this remember we got to realize this world is still in Lady Oia. We're not immune from its effects, right? The Holy Ghost is greater than than the spirit of this age. We know that. But we got to we got to guard against the hardness that the spirit, you know, the hardness that comes from the spirit of this age where where we get offended. This world is full of offended people because a lady said people it's everything offends everybody. You know that's why it's such a everyone tries to be PC. They don't want to offend anyone but by being PC you offend somebody. So you can't please everybody all the time. You'll always offend some people some of the time. Right? So we got to get over that and move on with life. We got to realize this world is full of offended people. You go on Facebook and all the social media doesn't take very long you found someone who's offended. And because they can sit as a keyboard warrior, they'll sit there and they'll vent all their offense. And does it help the conversation of the world? Does it bring people together? Does it is it even a sharing of ideas to try and, you know, see things maybe from a different angle? Absolutely not. Cuz they're offended. Oh, but I'm a believer. You're still a human being. We can still get offended. But the dangerous thing about you and I is we have quotes and scriptures to justify our offense. So it seems so right, but it's so wrong. So to never ever be carnal carnal see this thing you want to see a a weapon of mass destruction this with a carnal spirit or the message with a carnal spirit that's a weapon of mass destruction and it has killed nothing wrong with the word but it's that carnal spirit that people will get offended and they'll hold that against their spouse or their family or their church your people of their nation and they'll get offended and so everything they see through is through that offense and they can't see God work. They can't see him live. They can't see his word made manifest and they reject the very Messiah in front of them. We must never get to that state. I mean, we must always never be we should live above offense. Can we get offended? Yes, we can. We're human. But what do you do with that offense? Do you give it to the Lord? Do you take it to Calvary and let him change it from you? Or do you hold on to it and let it fester and become a big massive root of business in your life? What do you want it to become? Amen. It should become a trophy of God's grace on your mantle. Amen. There was here, yes, I was offended. Yes, I was hurt. It cut me very deep. But God, rich in mercy, healed me. Amen. He molded me. He shaped me. Hallelujah. That that thing doesn't bother me anymore. Why? Because he took my offense that day on Calvary. He redeemed me from being offended. Amen. That I can love the unlovable. Do you think the Lord got offended by seeing the sin you'd be born in? Did he say, "No, I can't touch those people. I'm offended." You know, do you think he even gets offended when we know when we actually willfully sin? Brother says that you can actually willfully sin. Do you think he gets offended? He looks beyond the offense. We're to be to have eagle uh I've been speaking about eagle anointing that probably this whole year. I don't know. But you know, we to have an eagle anointing to look beyond the offense. I mean, our Lord Jesus says it says the joy set before him endured the cross, despising the shame. What was that joy? You redeemed in eternity. Amen. Say he looked beyond the offense of well, they're fallen. They're broken. They're m Hey, look, we all came to this world messed up. We all were born messed up. Our first birth messed us up. Did that offend him? No. He looked beyond it. We want to be like Jesus, don't we? We want to be like Jesus. You say, "Well, you know, you say, well, but but we should know better." Of course, we should know better. You know, my family should know better. The brothers should know better. The sisters should know better. They shouldn't treat me this way. Sure. But look beyond the offense. See, perfect love must be tested. Amen. If it's broken in any place, it's not perfect love. It's just human love. But perfect love will stand the test, stand the strain, stand the pressure. It will stand. Doesn't matter what weight's put upon it. Doesn't matter what hurts put upon it. Perfect love will endure. Amen. And this is the age of perfect love. Amen. And where's that age going to where's that love going to be manifested? In you and me. Amen. In you and me. Perfect love will be displayed where where where you can take hurt and instead of holding on to it, you can give it to the Lord. Is that person changed? Possibly not. Is their attitude the same towards me? Probably. But you can still love them. Perfect love doesn't look at how you treat first. See, Jesus never came to you and said, "Look, this is what I'm going to do for you. I'm going to fix you. I'm going to pick you up. I'm going to heal you. I put my faith in your soul. I'm going to make you in my image. Do you mind if I do that? He didn't ask you. He did it before you even realized. And that's what perfect love is. Not looking for the response it gets back. It loves anyway. Well, they spit in my face. They spit in his face. What did he do? What some of the last last words that came out of those blessed lips? Father, forgive them. They don't know what they do. You say, "Well, they should have. They uh I know I've said it before, but you know, you think, well, they do know what they're doing. They planned that. They hatched the plan. They executed the plan there is on the cross, but they didn't realize who he was." See, and that's why offense comes. It's because of the humanity that God works through many times. Like you look at this here, John the Bapt, this speaks of John the Baptist, "Comfort ye, comfort ye my people, saith your God, speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem, and cry unto her that her warfare is accomplished, that her iniquity is pardoned, for she hath received of the Lord's hand double for all her sins." The voice of him that crith in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord, make straight in the desert a highway for our God. Every valley shall be exalted, every mountain and hill shall be made low, and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it, for the mouth of the Lord has spoken it. So So this is the the prophecy of John the Baptist coming. Now, if you looked at the fulfillment of this, it seems very different to the prophecy. And the fact is every mountain was not literally made low and every valley made high. There's not a big geograph geographical leveling, right? And the fulfillment of it was a a fuzzyfaced preacher who don't know if he took a bath in the day of his life. Now Jesus said, "This is the greatest man that's ever been born." That's right. That's John the Baptist. He said that there's been none like him. The greatest man that's ever born outside of the Messiah was John the Baptist. This is what Jesus said, right? And here's a man never took a bath in his life eating honey and and and and and and locust camel skin clothes and he's standing there on the banks of the Jordan preaching to preaching to the um to the masses. Points out the Pharisees saying, "You generation of snakes and the axes laid to the root of the tree and all these things." And here was the fulfillment. He was the voice of one crying in the wilderness. He knew he was that cuz they asked him, "Who are you?" And Christ says, "No, I'm not even worthy to undo his sandals." Well, who are you then? I'm the voice of one crying in the wilderness. So, he knew his position in the word. Do we not know our position in the word as the bride of Jesus Christ? We do know our position, right? I pray you do. Amen. You know, we're not here haphazardly being believers. No. God before the foundation of the world ordained you to be his bride. Amen. Ordain that you're part of him. Amen. Ordain that you're the word made flesh today. Just like John the Baptist, he knew his position. But then after he pointed out the lamb of God, he says, "Now he must increase and I must decrease." He didn't know what that decrease would entail because it came to a it came to a point now where he found himself in this condition. He's in prison. And the reason he he he he ended up in prison because he preached truth. He said to um um what's his name? Herold. Yeah. Um that guy Herod, there we go. He said it's not lawful for you to have Philip's wife, Herodius. I think it's Philip's wife. I might might be wrong. Anyway, he ended up in prison because of that. And so here he is actually living out the decrease. He doesn't realize this is what it's going to be, but this is where it entails. And what happens is is he ends up in this condition. And then he sends his disciples to the Lord. Now you think about this. Here is the man that saw the spirit of God descend upon the Lord Jesus and says, "This is that. This is him. This is the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." He finds himself in a prison. He doesn't understand what's going on. We've all been there. You're like, "Man, God just fulfilled a big part of his word in my life." And you find yourself in a prison. You find yourself in the opposite place that you thought you'd end up in. Think, man, what is going on? Have I done wrong? Have I sinned? Have I, you know, have I? No, he didn't do anything wrong. He did not a single thing wrong, but he ended up himself in prison. How many times we can be in a prison in here? Trouble can grip us in such a way cuz we're thinking, man, this is not what I expected. But then and then and then he got to such a low point, brother said his eagle eyes dimmed over. And then he and then he um sends two disciples here Jesus. And and now John had heard in prison the works of Christ. He sent two of his disciples and said unto him, "Art thou he that should come or do we look for another?" What a question. You think of the experience that John's been through. But he's got to such a point cuz he's he's actually in his decrease. He's fulfilled this part of the scripture and he's in prison now. He's thinking, "Did I even do right? Did I even fulfill what the Lord has allotted me to do?" Now, I want to say this from the get-go. We ain't finished. No. We're taking a rapture. Amen. Right? But there'll be points in your walk you're thinking, man, have I stepped off the path somewhere? Have I done something wrong? And it's good to ask, Lord, help me, Lord. Where, you know, where am I? But nine times, 99 times out of 100, I say, you're on the you're on the path. You're walking with your shepherd, but it looks very dark. It looks very dingy. It feels like you're in a prison. And you begin to second guessess yourself. I say those times when you've turned over every stone and there's no sin. There's nothing to put right. And if there is, you put it right. Stand. Amen. Stand. It's like the Apostle Paul would say in Ephesians, you know, stand in the evil day. Put on the whole armor of God and having done all to stand, stand therefore. Amen. So, this is the evil day we're living in. So, it's not a time to quit. Not a time to second guess. Stand in the word. Amen. Find your position in the word and stand there. It doesn't matter what comes against you, you can stand because you're standing on the word of God. You're not standing on your idea. You're not standing on a feeling. You're not standing on a group. Amen. You're standing on the word alone. Amen. And if you can stand in that position, hallelujah, God's ordained you to stand. Amen. It's like he like God said to Moses, "There's a place by me." Amen. There's a place. Come stand upon the rock. I'll show you my glory. There's a place by me, friends. And there's a place by our Lord that's ordained for you to stand. Amen. So never ever begin to worry. Amen. Trouble comes your way. We should expect trouble. You know, a big part of the preaching of the first church was through great tribulation, we shall enter the kingdom of God. So, welcome to this glorious plan of redemption, but you're in for a road of trouble. But the the great Lord of glory won't leave you on that road by yourself. Amen. He allows things to come into your life cuz he wants to prove himself. I mean, the devil's such he he's so clever, he's foolish. Because if he realized that he's only God is allowing him to touch us and affect us for us to get testimonies of God's power and for God to prove his word in our lives. So the devil's actually enabling us to give us testimonies that we can worship God in a far greater way than before the trial ever struck. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. See how God don't waste anything. Don't waste anything either. Don't sit in a prison saying, "Why me? Why this circumstance?" God wants to use it. God wants to use it. God wants to use John as a testimony. He wants to use us as a testimony, too. Many times we think it's preaching from the rooftops. Sometimes it's that. God, you get the glory. Whatever you want to do in my life, Lord, I'm satisfied. Then he says, "Now go tell John." Jesus answered and said unto them, "Go and show John again those things which you do hear and see. The blind receive their sight. The lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised up, the poor of the gospel preach to them, and blessed is he whosoever shall not be offended in me." So John, you're blessed if you're not offended. You may not understand what's going on, John, but if you're not offended, you're blessed. I say the same thing with you and I. Amen. This this word offended has many I'm just going to throw this in here as I it's got many different meanings, but it comes from the Greek word which we get the English word scandal from. This offended and so it means to put a stumbling block or impediment in the way upon which another may trip and fall. It means to entice to sin, to cause a person to begin to distrust and desert one whom he ought to trust and obey. How many times do we take our own life into our own hands because of offense? We get offended at God and what do we do? Subconsciously we do because we we are surprised by how things go. So what do we do? We take life into our our own hands. We forget that that's what caused us all the trouble is having life in our own hands. Like the, you know, like the disciples, they're sailing on the Sea of Galilee. They raised there. They were on that boat all their lives virtually, you know, raised up from a boy. And, you know, they're master um sailors. But the one who made the storm is in the back of the boat, but they try to take that boat in their own hands cuz they've done it before. But but what did it bring them to? Master, don't you care that we perish? Yeah. See, they got an attitude that the very Lord of glory who's asleep in the boat doesn't care if they sink or drown or whatever happens to them. He did care, but they had to wake him up to calm the storm. I mean, they had to surrender their abilities and the storm and their situation into his hands. Amen. And once they did, what did he say? Peace be still. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. We're going to do the same thing. Don't be offended. I think they got a bit offended at him. Don't you care? Don't you see what we're going? Aren't you, you know, are you so indifferent to this trial I'm going through? No. God knows and cares. You got to call him on the scene. You got to wake up the Lord. Wake him up in your ship. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's to be offended in one to see in another what I disapprove of and what hinders me from acknowledging his authority. To cause one to judge unfavorably or or unjustly of another. Since uh since one who stumbles or those foot gets entangled feels annoyed. I highlighted that one first. We just get annoyed. That's an offense. We can't be annoyed at how God directs our lives. The main thing is he's leading. I'm happy about that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, here's John. He's in prison. He gets offended. Oh, yeah. He gets upset. Doesn't understand what's going on. But you see, because it's the it's how his decrease was fulfilled is what he did not fathom would happen. Now, it's how we see God live can offend us. It's a strange thing, but believers get offended when the spirit can move. Some believers can get offended, which is not a good thing. We should be happy. We should want to see God move from front to back, left and right, touch someone's life, right? We should never be offended when things appear not the form that we think it should be in. Right? So, here comes here comes David now. Hallelujah. Here comes David now, the king of Israel. He's an adopted son of God. He's he's uh finally the ark of the covenant is coming into his city. And he begins to cut up a little bit. He gets a little bit happy. Amen. Because here's here's the ark that symbolizes his God. He's always had this hunger. Lord, I want to dwell in your house, Lord. I want to be before your courts, Lord. I want to be in your presence. And here's the ark that symbolizes the word, the presence of God that's been lost among the Philistines. It's been in the um um farm, you know, it's been away, but now it's home. So, he begins to rejoice. He begins to dance. He begins to praise praise the Lord. But the thing, his worship caused offense. Amen. It caused offense. His own wife got offended. And it's always it's always it's always those closest to us because they know our humanity. they can get offended like Jesus um I've got it here somewhere but you know he went to the oh we'll get to it soon but but you know even those in Nazareth that he was raised in that city and the people knew him they got offended at it the great Messiah came out of their their hometown they were offended because they knew they knew where he was born and they knew uh his well you know whatever steps or whatever it's called you know Mary and Joseph they they saw him as a boy but they got offended because they got caught up in the humanity. Yeah, David I mean McCall here you see see David returned after all this rejoicing in the ark coming in of dancing before the Lord in the spirit having a real jubilee service praising God then David returned to bless his household so who did he come to bless his wife he's come to share the goodness of what's just happened he's come to bless them maybe the you know I believe the anointing's still upon him and now and now here comes here comes the anointed king into the house he's here to bless But then, but then McCall says, you know, oh, you've done shamelessly. You've uncovered yourself. You've embarrassed me. You have not you have not worshiped how you've worshiped before. Well, how could you worship the same way when the art comes into your house? How can you not praise how could your praise be the same when the word becomes revealed? Amen. How can your praise be the same when you see your name in the lamb's book of life? Amen. When the message becomes a reality. When you see that the same God with the prophet is the same God with you. How can your worship stay the same? It cannot. Amen. Because revelation's coming to your soul. Amen. You realize my name's on the book and nothing can take it off. Amen. That I'm part of God. I came from God. I'm going back to God. Amen. This message is sent to catch me away. Amen. Out of the destruction of this world. How can your worship remain the same? I tell you, it cannot remain the same. It's impossible. Hallelujah. Sure. Yeah. Because from your heart, you say, "Well, I'm not a loud person." That's fine. Let the word affect you. Amen. Loud, quiet. I don't care. Be you. Be you. Be free to be you. Amen. Don't Don't be reserved because it's feel expected. And don't be loud because it's expected. None of that's expected. Amen. A freedom of worship, a freedom of religion is here. Amen. To worship God in spirit and in truth. You just be you in the sight of the Lord. Amen. So David was being David. But McCall did not like David being David because her mold, her expectation of the king was to be dignified, you know, just this as the ark went past something, you know. Oh my, let's get that away. I'm going to stop that. Okay. But but you see, she was offended. She missed the whole picture of what was happening because of the humanity that she was so focused upon. instead of celebrating. See, this is this is the big key in life. If you want to be blessed by God, be happy when he blesses others. Amen. You want to you want to prosper in the Lord, be happy when he blesses and answers other people's prayers and genuinely rally around that and you'll be blessed. If you don't want to be blessed, be like McCall. That's it. It's really that simple. Be offended when the spirit falls on someone. be annoyed when it's maybe, you know, you see some young person get free in the spirit and don't get offended at that. We should celebrate that. They deserve it. You know, I've been thinking quite often, they deserve a Holy Ghost book of Acts revival. Our young people deserve it. The old people, we all deserve it. Amen. But our young people especially, we should live such a life that doesn't cause offense. Amen. That when they see the message, they don't get it confused with your carnality. Amen. That when they see Jesus Christ, they can't say, "Well, my parents are like this, but the words like this. we should be the same and God help us that they can look beyond our humanity and our when we cuz we have ups and downs, lefts and rights and all kinds of things. But may they be able to look beyond that and may they say, "Well, you know, and look beyond that and say, I want what daddy's got. I want what mama's got. I want it in my life. It's for me. Lord, get a hold of my life and take over." Amen. Because we are God's advertising to our children. So may we not cause offense in that way because you got to realize the life of God has an effect, right? It made it made Paul or Saul become a persecutor of the church. It had an effect. God turned him around. Brother A said that that was a man under conviction. Amen. So never be offended where it looks like it's been just blown back in your face. Say thank you Lord. The word has an effect. Hallelujah. The word is rubbing. The word is scratching. The word is digging. Is The word is irritating. Amen. As long as it causes an effect. If it's just water off a duck's back, that's when you really got to pray, right? Because eventually, remember, a duck will get annoyed by water eventually. Amen. But you know, as long as the word has an effect, don't be offended by what you see. Amen. You say, "Well, it's pretty bad." Praise God. It's going backwards, is it? You look at Saul persecuting the church and everything he did. You say, "Man, that guy has just crossed the line. He's out of it." Was he? Why are we so quick to cast people away? Why do we get offended at someone who's just under conviction? Amen. Jesus would Jesus would come into it. You know, it's amazing when you look at the miracles the Lord did how many times he did something on the Sabbath day on. Praise the Lord. You know, but the thing is a religious spirit cannot stand God actually fulfilling his word. A religious spirit is one who gets the most offended. You look at America today, offended. Evangelicals, they're offended and they have pulled way off to one side. I'm neither left or right. I'm down the middle. You can't put me in those boxes. Right. I don't I don't identify with that. I identify with the word of God. I mean, and and to me, both of those are ditches. I don't like walking in ditches. I don't like walking in the gutter. Everything gets all the trash gets washed there. Let's stay down the middle of the road. You say, "Well, you might get run over." This is a oneway road up to glory. Stay in the middle. Don't get pulled by those things. It'll try and pull you, but say, "No, you you do what you want to do. I'm walking on with the Lord." But you see now they got a See, isn't it amazing? This woman was bound by by a spirit for 18 years. Who's who's younger than 18 here? We got a We got a few people. Amen. Amen, brother Colin. Yes, sir. But you see, she was bound longer than you guys some of some of us have been alive. Sabbath after Sabbath, hunched over, probably got worse and worse and couldn't even bend herself up. And you know, the um you know, no doubt the um uh rabbi would have maybe read about the great miracles of God and his healing acts through the prophets and all these things. And here comes here comes this woman bowed up that couldn't even lift herself up. But but then when Jesus saw her, he called her to him. Amen. Said unto woman, thou art loose from thine infirmity. and he he laid his hands on her. Immediately she was was made straight and glorified God. Do you think that caused a revival to erupt in that synagogue? Do you think it caused the people to have a jubilation and praise the Lord? And I know you've already read the next verse. You know the answer to these questions. But you see, you know, there was not this great glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister Elizabeth can stand straight or whatever her name is. You know, you know, they're not bowed by this problem anymore. That they can run and leap. There was none of that. He had indignation. That's a lot of syllables. He was unhappy. He got offended. How dare you disrupt our religious service? May we be the opposite? May we not get offended? Because if you ask this leader of the synagogue before the service, "Do you want to see God fulfill his word?" He would say, "Yes, absolutely. We want to see Jehovah God again. We've heard great things. We want to see him again. And one day he will. But then Jehovah becomes, you know, God became man, right? Jehovah became flesh, Jesus Christ. And and then and he fulfills his word in his church and he got mad. He got offended. Why? Because it did not come the way he expected. Humanity is such a blinding thing. So I'm I'm kind of nearly done, but at the same time, we'll see. Now, David, David, now we often think about David. He's chosen of God. He's elected of God. In him is to be a king. And that's why he got anointed. And you know, he was, you know, in him was that kingship already. But the anointing of God had to come upon him to express that kingship. We say, "Praise God, David was chosen." We say, "Praise God. Aren't you glad you're a David?" And the church says, "Amen." Amen. We're a vindicated prophet of God poured his whole horn of anointing oil, all the strength, amen, of the of the word upon you. Amen. To express, to bring out as the bride of Jesus Christ. But now, what about his brothers? Because remember, David wasn't first in line. Samuel didn't say to Jesse, "Look, you've got a son named David. He's going to be anointed king. Bring him here." No, he said, "One of your sons." And Jesse did not even think of David. He did not even consider him. And so, the firstborn who looked like a king, even Samuel thought, "This is him." And God says, "No, it's not him." So, seven times God says, "No." And they're standing there to one side. Then finally Samuel says to Jesse, "Do you have another son?" And he's like, "Oh yeah, I actually do. Where is he?" "Oh, go get him." He's He's with the sheep. Had to go bring him in. I don't know how much time would have lagged between the call and him coming, but that doesn't matter. But then finally, he comes into the eyes of Samuel. And the Lord says, "This is him." Amen. And he takes out the anointing oil, anoints him. And the prince of God was with David from that day forward. So no doubt they would have felt the presence of God when their brother was anointed. But were they happy? They were offended. Why him? Why not me? What a foolish thing to be offended when God identifies a gift in a family. That should be the time of great rallying. That's why I say if you want to be blessed, be happy when God blesses someone else. That should be a time of celebration. Those brothers should have lifted up their brother on their shoulder saying, "Our little brother David's going to be king. God's anointed him. Praise the Lord." Amen. We're on into a different dispensation. He's going to raise him up. God said he's a man after his own heart. But they're offended. They are offended because even when David came down and he was about he was about the same kind of age when he fought Goliath, Elab the elder said, "You're just naughty. We know the naughtiness of thine heart. He was offended. He was resentful that his brother got chosen above himself." Listen, friends, we all have a different part of the body. Okay, brother Ram says it's like, you know, like playing American football, you don't tackle the man with the ball. You defend him. That's right. Right. And it doesn't matter what part of the body's packing the ball. I want to block. That's right. I want to defend that person. I want to gather them in prayer. I want to encourage them. That's why I say, friends, you can do it. You're packing the ball. All of you are packing the ball. Amen. We're all on the same team. Amen. Let's just run over the devil. Amen. Like like John Lommo did do with the English guys back at that World Cup. Let's just run run right over him. Amen. Let's not be offended at the opposition cuz they're going to lose. They've already lost. But you're packing the ball. I mean, you're packing the anointed word. Amen. So why not support one another? I mean, just say, imagine imagine one of these young men here is is literally one of the greatest ministers that will ever shake this age. What if maybe he's just a one-year-old? What if it's Ezekiel? I just use him. He's the greatest minister will ever strike this age in the five-fold ministry is him. And he literally turns millions of souls to the Lord. Oh, but it's the end of the age. And will that happen? It could. Let's not put God in a box, right? Sure, it'll be a few number, but there's 8 billion on the earth, you know, of of people. But imagine that. And we see him raised up and we see him. He's naughty. He's a boy. And he starts act. But then one day, God begins to get a hold of his life. And he comes to the altar. He goes to a youth camp. He comes back changes just a difference about him. And he begins to mature and grow in the Lord like these young men have. Right. And then he begins there something in him just begins to speak and express. And he's young, but like man, where did he get that from? That's right. What will we get offended? No. We will rally around that. We will support that. Maybe one of these youngsters's greatest singers to ever strike this age, write songs like and a whole album sitting in a song service. Yeah, like brother Isaac does, you know, will we rally around that? I'm just going to point you, we should rally around gifts like that. We should support them. And now I I believe we all do, but I want to encourage you. Never get offended or resentful at someone that God has made more gifted than you. Celebrate it. That's why I celebrate all you. So, praise God. Thank you, Lord, for these gifts that God can just use and you just you just get to enjoy it. Lord, but you see, they did not they were offended that their brother that's to me that's insanity. Oh, so your brother's going to become king. Now, what does that make you part of the royal family? Where you going to move to? Jerusalem. Cuz he falls in all the palaces, all these things, and now you're going to get the benefits. Why would you be offended at that? That's right. We must not be offended at anything. Amen. You see, now the thing is people get offended because they want to keep the status quo. That's a religious spirit. Here comes this last time Jesus is at Bethany. Mary comes behind him or comes to him, anoints him with this great um you know you know with this anointing oil. And it says his disciples saw it. had indignation in their heart saying to what purpose is this waste? Now if you go read the account in the book of John that eagle anointing identifies that this this indignation came from Judas because it says that Judas said this but here in Matthew it says all the disciples said this. So where did that influence come from? Judas. Why was he offended at this? Because he was a thief and he could have took taken that money pocketed a bit of it and gave the rest to the poor. But see, Judas was offended because because God was in a time of transition. Amen. He was his earthly ministry was coming to an end. Amen. Calvary was right in front of him. Amen. Pentecost wasn't that far away where God would come and dwell in his church. There was a great there was a great time of transition. But Judas did not want the transition. Friends, we got to go beyond church anity. We're to go beyond God a prophet and long hair, long faces, long skirts. We're to go beyond those things. And we got to into the realities of God like never before. Amen. We're not here to plateau and say, "Well, that's just how it is." And and I miss the good old days. The good old days were good, but we're in the good now days. Amen. I'd rather be now than 13 years ago when we started or whenever it was. You know, I'd rather be right now. Amen. That's why I'm so glad, you know, you I know I get nostalgic when I when we go to camp and I talk about our first camp, but I don't wish I was back there. I just thank God for what he did there, but I'm so thankful what he's doing today. Amen. But you see Judas, he was upset about this because he she anointed Jesus for his burial, right? So she anointed the word for what the word was about to accomplish. She didn't ask permission. She did not worry, is this going to offend? Is this going to cause trouble? Whenever the word is going to be fulfilled, it causes an offense. But are we made in such a way we cannot be offended by how the word is fulfilled? Amen. She she wrought a good work upon him. Anointed the word for his burial. And I pray our praise, our worship, our love, our lives anoints the word for what he's going to do next. What is he going to do next? The dead in Christ are going to rise and where our bodies are going to be changed. And together with him, we're caught up to meet the Lord in the air. Amen. So may our lives anoint him. Not for just what he's done, but what he's doing. What he's doing in our midst. Amen. We should be so thankful. I'm like, Lord, this is another opportunity to be in your presence as a people. This is another opportunity, God, for you to touch lives, change people. I'm so excited. You know, I come to church, I think, what are you going to do today, Lord? What are you going to do? I get excited. Amen. I'm just like, Lord, you can do anything. And that's irrespective of who stands here. Amen. I'm not saying cuz I'm here, I'm under that expectation. Wednesday, whoever is preaching, I like, Lord, you're going to speak, you're going to move, you're going to impact somebody, Lord, you're going to impact me. Lord, that when I walk out of those doors, I said, Lord, I had a bit of expectation. You just blew it out of proportion. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. But there's some people who weren't offended. We'll just go to these and then I'm just going to go to one thing. This is This is Jonathan and David. Jonathan wasn't offended. You think about it, he's embracing the man that will take his throne. He cannot become king. God has said no. But yet he doesn't get offended. He doesn't get offended by because he would looked at his father and the kingdom he be to build and not thought I can take this the next step because my father's taken at this level. I'm going to take it the next level. But when he hears that God has taken the kingdom from David, he doesn't I mean I mean sorry from Saul giving it to David. He doesn't turn against David. He says he says we're in this forever. Whatever happens, remember we're we've got a promise for our children all these things. You see, he didn't get offended. That's right. May we be like that. May we be like that if God says no. Sure you want to be something, but you can't be that. You're just a support. you're just a maybe a hidden part of the body. Maybe just for prayer or just to be a blessing, just to shake a hand, give a hug, whatever more, you know, you're not something out in the open. And we can say, Lord, I'm not offended by the position you've placed me in the body of Christ. Lord, as long as I'm in the body, I'm so happy. Hallelujah. I don't care if I'm the small toe or the or the whatever. I don't care what I am. As long as I'm part of him, I'm satisfied. Hallelujah. Jonathan was satisfied with these things. Amen. He was he was supportive. He was actually happy. You will be the next king. Amen. The Lord he what what did he do? He he went to David when David's about to go. His time of you know on the run and he strengthened and strengthened his hand in God. Hallelujah. I trust we can be like that. Amen. We're not offended when God maybe bypasses us and use someone else. We're just happy. Praise the Lord. Amen. Who's another man who is who is not offended? The Apostle Paul. He wasn't offended by how he would leave this earth. He wasn't offended when he found himself in prison. He wasn't offended when he found himself chained to a Roman. And you know, even in those terrible conditions, remember because those prisons did not have underfloor heating. They did not get three meals a day. They did not have whatever all the things that these prisons had. They were dark, dingy, ratinfested prisons. But he wasn't offended. He realized, "The Lord's called me to take this gospel to the Gentiles. Whatever the details are between me and going home and how I go home, Lord, I'm not offended." Amen. If the first church age message can be like that, how about you and I in this age? because because he was told, "We're going to cut your head off, Paul. This is your end. This is your physical end. You're going to be you're going to be killed under capital punishment. Your death is not going to be some nice thing in a big bed surrounded by saints. You're the the the last eyes you're going to see are Roman soldiers, a cruel executioner. That's the last one you're going to see." Paul, did he get offended? No. Cuz he could look beyond. He realized that axe was just a gateway to get him to where he wanted to go. Amen. Amen. I pray we can be like that. We can be like that. Amen. Say, "Well, life's not going too well." Don't be offended. This is very unexpected times. Don't be offended. Walk with God. Walk with God. I'm going to I'm going to finish this just with this quote. He says, "Now listen, I'm going to say something. Faith is unconscious." Amen. You believe it? I've learned that in the years of travel around the world and meeting people from all different walks. But faith is unconscious. you've got faith and don't even know it. That's right. Jesus Christ, no matter if he was in a storm and the gal is knocking the boat from one side to the other or you're standing uh in a face a mess of demons. If he was hanging anywhere, it never moved him. He walked right on. Just as calm as quiet as he could be. Why? He was simply unconscious of fear or anything around him. That's right. Whether it was going to happen, whether it wasn't going to happen, he knowed it was going to happen cuz God said so. He didn't say, "Oh, have I prayed through? Wonder if I fasted long enough. Wonder if I did this. He just walked right on. Here's a man who walked above a fence. Amen. He just walked right on. Unconscious. That's right. He believed that God what God said was truth. The words must be fulfilled. He knowed what his life was to fulfill them. That's right. And you're here to fulfill it, too. Just walk unconscious of fear. Walk unconscious of criticism. Walk unconscious under the world. Walk as you walk in Christ. Walk with him. not paying any attention to the right or left hand, just keep moving on. If something comes up in the church, walk with God. I mean, hallelujah. If sickness strikes you, walk with God. If the neighbor don't like you, walk with God. Just keep walking on with God. Enoch one day walked like that. You know what he done? He walked all the way home with God. Just so far up the road, he didn't want to come back anymore. Amen. Walk with God, doctors. So, I'm saying this because don't walk with the fence. Don't walk with the hurt. Don't walk with the trouble. Walk with God. Amen. Don't walk with the don't not understand what's going on. You see the problem is people get offended. They withdraw within themselves. Become carnal and blame blame everyone else what's going on. That's because they're offended. Don't be offended. Walk with God. Amen. Amen. Walk with God. Doctor Doctor says you're going to die. Walk with God. Yeah. Doctor says you can't get well. Walk with God. Just walk with God. That's all. For God has promised you, I'll never leave you nor forsake you. I'll be with you to the end of the world. And he took an oath by that covenant that he give you that he would confirm it. Just walk with God. Then you'll have your ups and downs. Don't worry. You'll go through bri patches, over sharp rocks, over bluffs, down over the hillsides, up through the mountains, over waters, but walk with God. Yes, sir. There's so many hills to climb upward. You've heard the old song, but how little it'll seem when we get to the end of the way. My my. Just look at there. All that's been Look back at your footprints. won't be very much. So walk with God. We have a choice. Maybe the musicians could come. We can allow ourselves to be offended and let that offense rule our lives. Or we can take that offense that comes and give it back to the Lord and let him deal with it. So it's really our choice. But blessed is he who is not offended in me. as the Lord said to John. So God's going to fulfill his word, but don't be offended by how he fulfills it in your life. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. Let's sing that song. Let's sing that song that we finish with. Goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Amen. Amen. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All of my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. All my life. You have been [Music] faithful. All my life. You have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. Oh my goodness. [Music] God, all my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so [Music] so every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life. All my life you have been [Music] waiting. [Music] So every breath that I am All my life you have been all my life. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Your goodness is my God. Your [Music] goodness. I surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] is [Music] [Applause] running my life down. I surrender now. I give you [Music] your [Music] [Music] running. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] All my life you all my life you all my Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I will sing all my life. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, I will see what is God. Oh, I will see what God [Music] will go. Oh, I will [Music] be [Music] bringing nothing he ain't seen before through all your trials. All your worry and your burden is the [Music] same. Bring it all to the table. So bring it all to the [Music] table. There's nothing he ain't seen before. For all your trials, all your worries and your burdens, there's a savior and you can bring it all to the table. Oh, you can bring it. So bring it all to the table. It's nothing he ain't seen before. For all your trials, all your worries and your burdens, there's a savior readying for bring it on to the [Music] Savior. Hear the voice of love that's holy. There's a chair that waits for you and a friend who understands everything you're going [Music] through. You keep standing at a distance. [Music] In the shadow of yours, there's a light of hope that's shining. Won't you come and take your [Music] place? Bring it all to the table. [Applause] There's nothing he ain't seen before. For all your sin, all your sorrow and your sadness, there's a savior anymore. Bring it all to the table. Oh, you can bring it all. Bring it all to the [Music] [Applause] table. Nothing he ain't seen before. For all your trials, all your worries and your burdens. There's a savior and he pulls to bring it all in. [Music] He can't see the weight you [Music] carry and the fears that hold your [Music] heart. To the cross you've been for. You're accepted as you are. Bring it all to the table. There's nothing he ain't seen before. For all your sins, for all your sorrow and sadness, there's a savior and he goes to bring it all to the table. [Music] Bring it on. Bring it [Music] all. There's nothing he ain't seen before. [Music] [Applause] For all your trials, all your worries and your burden, there's a savior and bring it all to the table. Or you can bring it all. Bring it all to the [Music] table. There's nothing he ain't seen before. For all your trials, all your worries and your burdens, there's a savior anymore. Bring it all to the table. Oh, you can bring it. Bring it all to the table. There's nothing he ain't seen before. For all your trials, all your worries and your burden, there's a savior and bring it all to the table. You can bring it all. We can bring it [Music] all. Oh, come on in. Take your place. There's no one turn away. All you s may say, come on in and find your gra. Come on in, take your place. And no one turned away. And all you sinners can make s come on in. Oh, come on in. Take your place. Then no one turn away. All you say and all you say. Come on in by your grace. Come on in. Take your place. There's no one who turn away. All he says and all you say. Come on in by your grave and bring it all to the table. There's nothing he ain't seen before. For all your sin, all your sorrow and your sadness, there's a savior. So bring it all to the table. So bring it all to the [Music] [Applause] table. It's nothing he ain't seen before. For all your trials, all your worries and your burdens, there's a savior ready to bring it all to the table. Hallelujah. Amen. You glad you can bring it all. Hallelujah. I mean, let's just pray together. Amen. You want to be remembered in prayer, raise up your hand. Say, Lord, I don't want to be offended where you'd take me, how you'd fulfill your word in my life. Lord, I just want to just trust you. Hallelujah. Lord, gracious father, you see the hands that are raised. Lord, I've raised both my hands because, Lord, I I myself don't want to be offended, Lord. How you fulfill your word, Lord, I don't want to be offended or annoyed or upset. Lord, I just want to trust you, Lord. Sure, we go through hard things and painful things and troublesome things, but Lord, we never want to ever place them upon your account, my God. Lord, that we'd come to a place where we blame you and resent you, Lord. Father, may it be the opposite, Lord. When trouble comes, unexpected turns come in life, Lord, that we trust you and just have a great joy knowing you're our shepherd, Lord. And you we're never out of your sight. We're never out of your care, my God. Father, may we trust you in every situation, Lord. Though we don't know the way, we know you know the way, Lord. You know the way forward. You know the end from the beginning, Father. Lord, as you've been in our future, as you're in our present, you've been in our future. You've seen it all, my God. So, Father, may we just walk with humble hearts, full of your grace and love, Lord, every day, Father, trusting you. Grant it, dear God. We love you, Lord. I commit everyone here into your hands, Lord. Those who may be offended, Father, for where you've brought them through, may they just let it go now in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, if they're offended at one another, brother, sister, husband, or wife, Lord, Lord, may they let it go now, Lord. But it's not worth holding on to, Lord. We ought to let it all go, Lord. Just have hearts full of love and compassion and joy, Lord, and a peace that pass all understanding. Granted, dear God, we thank you for this service, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. I'll turn service to you, bro. We're going to sing a couple more songs or whatever you want to do. Amen. God bless you. [Music] I raise a hallelujah. [Music] In the presence of my I raise a [Music] hallelujah and beyond me. I raise a [Music] hallelujah. My way [Music] is I raise a [Music] hallelujah for me. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] I hear my [Applause] [Music] crazy is [Music] alive. I raise a [Applause] hallelujah with Everything inside of you. I raise our [Music] [Applause] heart. I will watch the darkness. I'll raise a hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] history. I'm going to [Music] [Applause] see Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Louder and louder. You're going to hear my praises wrong. I'm from the [Music] action. Death is defeated. The king is [Applause] alive. Sing a little louder. [Music] Sing a little [Music] louder. Sing a little [Music] louder. Sing a little [Music] louder. Sing a little louder. In the presence of my enemy. Sing a little louder. Lou. Sing a little louder. My sing a little [Music] [Applause] louder. Sing a little louder. presence of my enemy. Sing a little louder. Sing a little louder. My sing louder for me. I'm going to sing in the middle of the heat. [Applause] Death is defeated and he is alive. I'm not a sing. Oh, I'm not a sing. [Music] Louder and louder you're going to hear my praises roar up from the ashes. Hope will arise. Death is defeated and the king is alive. [Music] I sought the Lord and he answered me and saved me from my ene. Verse one, I sought the [Music] Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are already they'll never be ashamed. You'll never be ashamed. This poor man cry and the Lord heard me and save me from my enemy. The son of God surround his saint. He will deliver them. He will deliver. Oh, magnify. Magnify the Lord with me. Coming home [Music] coming [Music] together come forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in. Oh, fear the Lord. All love you say. He give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify [Music] magnifying together. [Music] Oh, magnify magnify the Lord. [Music] Come [Music] ex forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day never ending pray. May our incense bright. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our incense bright. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. neverending praise. May our [Applause] inensive [Music] magnify his name. [Music] [Music] Magnify. Magnify. [Music] [Music] glorify me. God is all his name [Music] forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you [Music] [Applause] everything. Lord, we just want to thank you this morning, Lord, for your presence amongst us, Lord. And that you've broken many chains amongst us this morning, Lord. There were many things that bound. Lord, as a song would say, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Lord, we know that you're a chain breaker this morning, Lord. That you you come to set the captives free, Lord. And you desire for us to walk in liberty this morning, Lord Jesus. So, we just thank you, Lord, for your amazing power in our lives, Lord, that we can surrender our lives to you, Lord. And we can just let you be God. Let you be the Lord of our life, Lord. And let you in every situation, regardless of the way it may seem or how it might appear that it is, we're going to let you be God, Lord. We're going to let you work, Lord. And we're just going to praise you and worship you through every situation. We We know you don't just leave us and oh, I forgot about you there for a moment. You never forget about us, Lord. Where the with the apple of your eye, Lord, you hold us in the palm of your hand, Lord. And we just thank you for that, Lord Jesus. Thank you this morning, Lord. Thank you for your grace, your mercy, and your love to us, Lord. As I just want to commit each one to your hands this morning and just bless us as we go in fellowship and and those that are traveling this afternoon, may you bless them, too. We just want to commit the service to your hands this morning, Lord, in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this morning. You're dismissed in Jesus name. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] You walk the same old road miles and miles. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] You got chain. He's a chain break. Feel lost. He's a way man. You need freedom saving. He's a prison shaking savior. You got change. He's a chain [Music] breaker. We've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fire. We've all run to things we know they just ain't right. There's a better life. There's a better life. You got pain. He's [Music] amazing. You belong. [Music] He's a way maker. You need freedom for saving. He's a prison shaking [Music] s. You've been walking the same old road for miles and miles. You've been hearing the same old voice, tell the same old [Music] lie. You're trying to fill the same old holes inside. There's a better love. There's a better life. He got pain. He's a pain. had a few long. He's a way maker. You need freedom save. He's a prison shaking savior. He got you. He's a chain [Music] breaker. We've all searched for the life day in the mid of night. [Music] We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fire. We've all run things we know that just ain't right. There's a better life. There's a better life. We got He's amazing. [Music] away free save. He's a prison shor he's a chain breaker. [Music] If you receive it, [Music] [Music] Two more [Music] times. You receive [Music] it. One more time. [Music] You receive [Music] it. Sorry. You got pain. Why [Music] can't you be love? [Music] You need freedom. Save it. He's a prison shaking savior for God. He's chaining. [Music]
