################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-05 - 051025 - The Effect Of Twins - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-05
Title:    051025 - The Effect Of Twins - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ismiC1bV02g
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Good morning. How are you all today? You good? Who likes humor? It's probably one of my most enjoyable things in life is humor. Probably doesn't help my name means laughter. I I'm I'm just thinking this because Okay, I'm going to let you in on a little joke I walked into which I thought was really funny because Christians have a very good sense of humor. if if you're wholesome, you know, you haven't good. So, I walk in the bathroom just before and Jimmy and Ka are in the the in there in the before you go into the cubicles. cuz there's a little room there and um see little young fellas sort of go in there and goof around and you know so when I walked in Jimmy's sort of joke reaction was he put his hand on KDA and did this like do you get the joke like I know I'm not any goofing around we're really spiritual I'm just praying for this brother quiet time in the the bathroom you know just but it's very quick very good humor you know you sort of see the joke you think that's it's actually quite Honey, that's very, you know, um I had a childhood friend and um he was a Christian of sorts that he and then he called me up like um years and years later like four or five years ago and he said he was coming into Wellington to do a he was a comedian now he's doing a comedy show in Wellington and can I come along to his show and I guess being a childhood friend I said yeah come along but when we were talking at home before we went I said, you know, the problem with humor these days is that especially Kiwi humor in and comedians, they're very it's smut. And it's every punch line is either a swear word or smut, you know, and and as a result, it's not actually that funny because it's not well thought out. Like if they would take away if they wouldn't swear and wouldn't be smutty, they could actually think of intelligent humor, you know, like a like an like a funny comedians will talk about if make a play on American words, you know how they call it uh the Americans got glasses, you know, but they they put them on their legs and on here and there cuz they they didn't know where to put them and someone said, "No, they're for your eyes." Oh, so we call them eyeglasses, you know. Like anyway, I'm not trying to make a comedy show, but I I said to this guy, "That's the problem with humor. And he was dead silent, my friend. He didn't say anything, you know. He's like, and I went to his comedy show and and every punchline and was either smut or a swear word. And it wasn't very funny. And I I noticed he since changed to the way he does things now. He doesn't actually do that anymore. But I'm glad that, you know, we as Christians, we can actually have wholesome humor. You know, we can laugh and have a good time with each other and just enjoy. You know, humor is is quite a warm thing. Um, just a few notices before we start. Straight after church is I think this is all right. Can we can we stay here and practice a song like for like 15 minutes before we go out to lunch? Just while everyone's here like we'll do like one song and then we'll do it and then then could we come back in at 1:45 just for another quick session if you're here. If you're not here, all good. But just like another 15 minutes. There'll be like two short ones cuz I think if you do one then another one it will kind of cement in our mind a bit more. like two of like 20 minutes and then at 3:00 there's also a youth meeting at the Gloins house. Are you running that or it's like a Yep. Yep. So yeah, 3:00 at the Gloss. So yeah, if we could stand this morning, sorry, I've been talking for a bit. If we could stand, we'll just open up in prayer this morning. Lord, we thank you that we can enter into your presence, Lord, into Lord, just a warm atmosphere where we feel your your presence. Lord, we feel we feel at a liberty to to express ourselves. And we thank you, Lord, that you've purified each one of our hearts, Lord, that the there's a scripture that says out of the from the abund the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh. And I thank you, Lord, that in in our hearts are only good things, Lord. And only wholesome things and only only nice things, Lord. Only nice words and caring words, Lord. And and Lord, and even the humor, our humor is not smutty. It's just it's it's it's the humor that you would have, Lord. It's it comes from a nice place. And we just we just thank you for making each one of us whole, Lord. And and where we slip up and where we say things we shouldn't say or Yeah. just respond in ways that we shouldn't respond. We pray you forgive us, Lord, and help us to Lord, to guard our tongue, as James said, the Lord, it's a small member in our body. It's just only this tiny little thing. And yet, Lord, it can cause so much destruction. If we look in the world, mo most of the destruction is caused starts from the tongue. So we just pray help us to control our tongue and just use it wisely each and every day Lord and just bless us this morning as we come and worship you Lord and we want to enter into your course with praise Lord. We go forward in the battle praising you this morning. So we just commit ourselves to your to you this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing um just over in the glory land which is a real place. It's not a myth. It's not not a fairy tale. It's a real place and it's just over in the glory land chorus. Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel man. Over in the glory land would just over in the glory land here with the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory landed [Music] where the saints abide. Over in the glory land and I long to be by my savior's side. Just over in the glory land. are just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel man. Over in the glory land just over in the glory land. It will be the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory land. Oh, I am on my way to the manion fair. Jover in the glory land there to sing God's praise and his glory sh over in the glory land. Just over just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Over in the glory land for just over in the glory land with the mighty host I'll stand. Over in the glory land with a joyful song I will shout and sing. Over in the glory land us to Christ the Lord and King. Over in the glory land just over. Just over in the glory land I'll join the happy angels man over in the glory land just over in the glory land with mighty host I'll stand over in the glory for just over just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angels man over in the glory land for just over in the glory land with the mighty host. I'll stand over in the glory land. Amen. Just over in the glory land. [Music] Jesus blinded all my darkness. Spock my heart within. His grace and mercy lit a passion. Consume my sin now like a city on a hilltop. I'll shine through the night. I am a lamb made for his glory. I will not hide. I've been touched by I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, I'm going to shout it from the rooftop. Shout it until everyone has. This love will never be the same. Alive and wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. Oh, I like fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till everyone has been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire burn inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire burn inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. There's only fire burning inside of me. I cannot keep this holy fire burning inside of me. And I'll be touched by being touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard. I've been touched by touched by fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it from the rooftop. Shouting tillone has heard. I've been touched by I've been touched by fire. to let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone. I'm going to shout it. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard. [Music] Ooh. Jerusalem was a shaken. Pentecost had arrived at upper room party. They were drunk on the new wine. And Jesus stood among them. And they knew there was no doubt. This Holy Ghost fire, it will make you shine. It's just like fire shot up in my bones. His holy ghost fire shot up in my bones. It's just like fire shot up in my bones. His old fire is shot up in my fis [Music] to prophesy. The prophet Jeremiah would lift his voice and cry. He quiet the false command. Shut up and leave us alone. Oh, but how can you be quiet when there's fire down in my bones? It's just like fire shot up in my bones. This holy ghost fire is shot up in my bones. It's just like fire shot up in my bones. This world fire is shot up in my bones. fell in an open section upon Elijah's bones. The dead man resurrected and he ran back to his home. When he tells the folk story, well, you could hear him say, he said, "I found that holy power in a big man just like fire shot up in my fire. He shot up in my bones just like fire. Shut up in my bones. This holy ghost fire is shot up in my bones. Well, some people get offended cuz I leap and shout. They say too much emotion, too much moving about. Don't tell me or sit down in my pew. Cuz if you felt what I felt, well then you'd be shocked just like in my whole eos up in my just like shut up in my whole fight. Some people get offended. Well, some people get offended because I leap and shout before they say there's too much emotion and there's too much moving about. But don't you tell me to be silent or to sit down in my puke. Cuz if you felt what I felt, well then you'd be shout is just like fire shot up in my bones. This whole eagle fire is shut up in my bones just like my shut up in my voice. This Holy Ghost fire shut up in my bones. Well, this Holy Ghost fire is shot up in my bones. Amen. Amen. You can take your seats this morning. We have a special from Sister Latavo. Sister Stephanie and Sister Easter Good morning everyone. Um, we just want to share a song called Freedom. [Music] I'm on my knees again. Oh, I feel so low. [Music] Is he done over and over? Have I now reached the end? Has mercy or run out? Am I a lost cause now? Cuz I feel the weight of D. Are the wolves caving in? Cuz I feel there's no way out right now. [Music] Then he gets me on my knees. Crying desperately. His heart sees my suffering and his love with me on my head. My stator and dear friend who breaks down all the prison wall and takes me by the hand and walks me out again. crashes that won't end cuz freedom is his name. Freedom is his name. He's a lifter on my head. My sustainer and dear friend who breaks down all the prison walls that form and takes me out of the pit and walks me out in green pastures that won't end cuz freedom is his name. Freedom is his name. [Music] Freedom is here. Freedom is real. Don't you see another day without taking his own hand? No, don't back down. Just hear that sound. So why don't you just take your freedom now? Freedom is here. Freedom is real. Don't you see another day without taking his own hand? So don't back down. Just hear the sound. So you just take your freedom now. When he gets you on your knees crying desperately cuz I sees the suffering and his love is there be the lifter of your head is a stay and your friend who breaks down all the walls you fall and takes you by the hand and walks you out in eating ashes that Cuz freedom is his name. Freedom is his name. He's a lifter of your head. He's a stator and your friend. Breaks down all the prison walls you formed and takes you by the hand. Walks you out in great pastures that won't end. His freedom is his name. Freedom is his name. His freedom is his name. Freedom is his name. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Freedom is his name. Now the word of God says I Jesus said I am the resurrection and the life and he whom the son sets free is free indeed. And it's that Jesus it's that gospel that we that brother Ben and that is ministered from here is the gospel that sets you free. &gt;&gt; Not a gospel that you just hear and play around with the words but a gospel that sets you free. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand this morning and just worship the Lord before we call up brother Ben. [Music] The blind have sight. The deaf now hear. The lame will walk. The lost draw near. And with new life all the dead I raise all through the power in Jesus' name. The tide find rest. The sick I heal. and the mysteries of how God revealed. And now the truth can be proclaimed [Music] all through the power in Jesus name. Because he's the name above all names, Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every tongue confess. All that no other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. Thirsty fil thirsty fil the hungry f and those who mourn [Music] comforted and the chains are broken that have been slain. We're offered freedom in Jesus name. Why is the name of my name? Every [Applause] time all the name is given by which we shall be saved. Let us find the life and love the same. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] There is power. There is power. And there is love. Oh, there is love. Americus. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] There is power. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Jesus name. The name above our names. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every tongue confess. No other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus. Cuz he's the name. He's the name above all names. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow. Every time confess [Music] the name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. Oh let us find let us find our life and love in Jesus name. Just worship the Lord this morning. Just let the love of God fill your hearts to have a flight this morning. Here I am. [Music] Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hand. Oh, [Applause] I'm longing to see your desire. Here I am. Oh, here I am. Here I stand. Oh, my life. My life is in your hand. Lord, I'm longing. I'm longing to see see [Music] reveal in me. I give myself away. Oh yes, I do. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. [Applause] I give myself away. So you can use me to take take my heart. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] I give myself I myself. [Applause] I give myself I give myself to you. Give myself away. [Music] Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Oh, I give myself so you can hear me. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. I just want to sing that song. Elohim long to worship you. Amen. Let's just praise God this morning. Aren't you glad you can give yourself away to the living God? Not to an empty idea. Not to a religion of man, but to the living God who made heaven and earth. Amen. Who's interested in your life, who wants to live through us. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Lord, I come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstances, no matter what the situation, [Music] we will lift our holy hand. Halleluah. Glory. How we long to worship you. Hello. How we long to worship you. Oh Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstances, [Music] no matter what the situation, we will live a holy hand. Hallelujah. [Music] How we long to worship you. [Applause] We love to worship you. You are great. You are great. So, there is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory [Music] and the honor. Lord, we lift your hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. you miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen. He sure does miracles so great. He found you when you're lost and undone, wandering around in this world of sin. And he made you a miracle. Amen. It's a supernatural work of God for a heart to be changed from unbelief to faith. Amen. Praise God. He does miracles so great. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you musicians. Appreciate the worship and the special and everything today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Aren't you glad we can say Lord, you truly do miracles so great. Hallelujah. Amen. We like to welcome back Brother Phil. God bless you, my bro. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Good to see you back on your feet again. Praise the Lord. Like to welcome Brother Ian here, too, bro. God bless you. Amen. Trust you feel welcome, my bro. God bless you. Amen. God bless you all. Amen. is um as Isaac said, we got to practice a song and everything after after service and so on. And then also there's yeah there's a youth youth meeting at our house at 3 3 p.m. So it' be real good if you could all make it who are youth. Amen. So we're just going to turn to the scripture um this morning. Going to turn to Genesis 25 and uh yeah 25 and read from verses 21 to 25. Um, amen. Everyone happy today? Amen. Good. Amen. And it says, "And Isaac entreated the Lord for his wife because she was barren. And the Lord was intreat uh intreated of him. And Rebecca his wife conceived. And the children struggled together within her." And she said, "If it be so, why am I thus?" And she went to inquire of the Lord. And the Lord said unto her, "Two nations are in thy womb, and two manner of people shall be se separated from thy boughels, and the one people shall be stronger than the other people, and the elder shall serve the younger. And when her days uh days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there came twins in her womb. Um there were twins in her womb, sorry. And the first came out red all over like a hairy garment. And they called his name Esau. And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel, and his name was called Jacob. And Isaac was three score years old when she bare them. Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer this morning. Amen. Gracious Father, truly you do miracles so great. We're so thankful, Lord. You're not a God of history, but you're the same today. Lord, as your word says, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Father, as we bow our heads and our hearts in your presence, we ask, dear God, that you do a supernatural work in our lives, Lord. May he touch all of us. Speak to our hearts, dear God. We've not come to hear a lecture, Lord, but we come, Lord, we want to come to the presence of almighty God. That you come and take us from glory to glory. Lord, I pray you'd bless each one here, dear God. bless your great a a eternal word as we've read it. Father, bless it to our hearts and Lord be those who couldn't be here today. Dear God, we just commit this whole day into your hands. May it be a may it be a wonderful time in your presence, Lord, for your glory. We ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. So, I want to speak today about the effect of twins. Now, as we go through this today, I'm not putting any names on anyone or identifying people. Well, this is not the purpose, but I just want to show you through the scripture how every every revival brings forth twins. Uh, and you know, so, so there's always these two classes of people within every every revival down through history. There's a spiritual, there's the natural. As I said, I'm not here to identify the natural or the spiritual. But what I want to point out is that the effect of that twin can be upon our walk with God. Because we've got to remember that our walk with God is a personal walk. Amen. It's not a it's not via someone else. It's not you and me and God. It's me and God or it's you and God. Amen. That's how God wants it to be. And he wants our walk to be according to his word, not according to what other people do or what other people have done with the word. That's not our that's not our business really. What they do is between them and God, but what you do is between you and God. Amen. So, the whole purpose of this service this morning is really to look at how how people how twins can can affect one another. Now, this is spiritual twins I'm talking about. I'm going to take some natural examples, but I just want you to look into this as a spiritual thing. I'm going to bring it into today. And so that's really where we're going today. Okay? So really where it boils down to is like Peter would ask the Lord when you after the resurrection. What's going to happen to the you know to the man who said you will not see death you'll not taste death till you know you know Lord you come again. And Jesus said what is it to thee? Follow thou me. And really when it boils down everything in life, people do things happen. There's things happen within the movement of Christianity or within the message. What is it to thee? &gt;&gt; Follow him. Follow his word. Amen. Because we got to realize that the fulfillment of scripture is always going to be within the believers. Amen. It's always going to be, you know, sure we can talk about the beast, we can talk about the world, all those things, but the true fulfillment is really going to be within the framework of the message of the hour. But, you know, so there's going to be everything's going to be there to test you, to try you, to try and get you in some ditch, try and keep you in some bunker. But really, we got to we got to draw a line under those things and not let those things define us at all. But let the word of God be our defining thing. I mean, in this background of this picture here, we have well, the even even um Google says that they weren't strictly twins, but there's Cain and Abel. We know they're the first two that came out of that revival in that day of the blood of the lamb. And one would offer the blood of uh blood of the lamb by revelation that was Abel. And Cain he offered the fruits of the ground. And as it says in Hebrews chapter 11 that you know Abel offered a more excellent sacrifice than that of Cain. So Cain's sacrifice was good. It was excellent. Abel's was more excellent because it was by revelation. But what happens is Cain so so both were believers. You know Cain was not an atheist. He wasn't he wasn't someone who did not believe in Jehovah God. He wasn't worshiping someone different than Abel. They were worshiping the same God. Amen. They worshiping the same God. So here was Cain with his his sincerity. Abel was as sincere as Cain. But they brought the wrong they brought the wrong worship to God. Now one's one's worship was very dignified. It was very, you know, there there was no blood. There was nothing gruesome about it. It was fruit and flowers and beautiful things on the altar. and you know is way more Instagrammable than than than than Abel's offering because back in those days they didn't have metal tools. They didn't have sharp knives even. So Abel would have found the sharpest rock that he could have found and he took that lamb and tied a tied a vine around its neck took it to the altar and he started hacking on the neck of that lamb. Blood started going everywhere. The cry of the lamb. Who's ever seen a sheep or a lamb slaughtered? It's not a pretty thing, right? It's not a it's not a nice thing. It's it's you know there's there's a cries of pain and there's a struggle and you know the nerves of the thing are still kicking after it's dead and if I'm talking too fast I'm sorry okay I'll try and slow down but you know but you see that you know but so so one was one was very you could say emotional there was a lot of blood there was blood there was a lot of noise there was a lot of you know disturbance and one was very silent and dignified and looked so good now one was accepted and one was rejected now Abel because God came and spoke to Cain because Cain was wroth. He was angry because his sacrifice was not accepted. And then so Cain would actually, you know, God would come and speak to Cain and and and God would say to Cain, just worship like your brother did. You may not understand what he's doing exactly, but I gave him the revelation. There was blood in the garden. It was a blood sin and blood is required. And that's why he's brought the lamb. He knows what he's doing by revelation. And then so what happens is is that is that Cain did not accept what God told him to do. And what did he do? He tried to kick Abel off the road. Amen. Because there's always remember we are walking the way of the highway of holiness. There's a way within it. It says in Isaiah and there's and you know a road is always built that there's the highest point is in the middle of the road. Okay? And it's built that way because if a road is flat and it rains then there'll be big puddles of water. You'll be driving along. You'll start hydroplaning. That means you'll have no grip on the road and you'll slide off into the ditch. But if a road is built correctly when the rain comes down it washes everything off into the gutters. All right. So, what happens is the effect of twins is basically is there things will come upon the road. We'll try and knock you off one side or another. And the and the ditches have many names and many things, but there's always a challenge. Can we stay in the middle of the road? And Abel would not back down because remember Canaan confronted his brother about his worship. He confronted him about his walk with God. And because Abel was walking by revelation, he wasn't willing or even did not allow Cain to back down. yo yo to to let him intimidate him to say look Kane actually you're right I should have done like you yeah this was too messy and it was out of hand and it was out of order and it just became yeah yeah I know you know I was you was noisy and all these things he did not back down for a second he said God gave me the revelation that it's blood and and that's it was a lamb and I and I worshiped God according to how he wanted to be worshiped and what happened is God and look look Cain just do like I did look at the proof of it in my life look at the vindication God living, fulfilling his word in my life. Is this so bad? Is this really such a bad thing? But the problem is when it comes to the effect of twins of a of a religious spirit and the spirit of God is that religious spirit always try and destroy the effects of God moving. Always try and bring it down to a formal worship where God doesn't live. There's no freedom. Amen. To praise God. And and as we go through this, it's not all about the noise. &gt;&gt; You be yourself. See, we must have liberty to be ourselves. Amen. If we're naturally noisy, be noisy. If we're naturally be quiet, be quiet. But don't don't be quiet because because you feel that's more reverent. Or don't be noisy because you feel that's more spiritual. There's always that pressure of emotion or no emotion and all these things. Just be you. &gt;&gt; Just let God work through you. If he wants you to run the aisles, that's fine. As long as it's God doing it. You want to start crying, cry. Let it out. Let God impact you. Amen. We must never let God, you know, the enemy try and push us into a mold that we have to be a certain way. Well, I'm just reserved and my family's all reserved. Well, that doesn't mean you have to be reserved or my family's all loud and shouty and I should be that way. You don't have to be that way. You be you in c in Christ, right? &gt;&gt; As God moves, move with him. Amen. Abel, the spirit of God moved upon Abel. He moved with their spirit. He gave the lamb. Amen. So there's always every revival brings forth twins. And we know the end of the um end of the story there with Cain and Abel. Cain kills Abel to destroy the effect of his of his worship. And those two spirits have come down through into 2025. As Jesus would say, I don't think I have it here in my notes, but he says, "I am the true vine and ye are the branches." He didn't say, "I am the vine." He said, "I am the true vine." So if there's a true vine, there's got to be a false vine also. And so the reason he's saying he's the true vine is saying look these two vines are going to grow and they grew out of Eden. They came all the way down through the Old Testament into the new and here it is today. Now as I say this morning, this is not about pointing out people and saying this person's false. This person that's really got nothing to do with it. The whole thing is we got to walk with the revelation of the word. We're to let God be God in our lives. We cannot never let the any side push us one way or another. We're going to stay in the middle of the road by the grace of God with our hearts full of love, rejoicing, loving the Lord and loving everybody. Amen. Cuz we got to realize that there will be times in our life where we are pushed into a ditch. Amen. By a spirit, by an influence, by these things. It doesn't mean we're trash. It just means we're being pushed into the ditch. But God doesn't want us to stay in that ditch. You know, there's always a season in our Christian walk where people are legalistic. Brother Bram says it's the first phase of Christianity actually is an intellectual legalistic walk. And that can be that. But that doesn't mean those people are Pharisees. It just means that they're in their legalistic phase. Amen. But then once God really gets a hold of them, they see it's purely the grace of God. They come out of it. But then there's always the danger of going an extreme the other way because well, I was legalistic. Now I'm coming this way and you and you go extremely liberal. No. But if the spirit of God is within your heart, he will keep you down the middle of the road and you stay surrendered to him. Amen. So, it's very important, friends, that we don't allow what's going on around us influence us into one ditch or the other. We're going to walk down the road. And it doesn't matter how close it comes into your family. Could be could be anyone very, you know, very close to you. But you see, we must keep walking with the Lord. Amen. In the middle of the road, believing that the spirit of God within us will correct the error if it's around us. Amen. Are we all together so far? I mean, I love these kind of studies, you know, it's it's really neat. Amen. Brother Bram says this here. He says, "Now look, as I'm born of the Holy Ghost, what difference does it make as long as I'm on my road to heaven?" What difference does it make when people say, "As long as we're walking in the spirit," and all that's born of the spirit of God, led by the spirit of God. Sons and daughters of God are led by the spirit of God. Always walking in the beautiful light of holiness, cleanliness. But Esau, that birthright was, he was carnal like the world. So, it didn't make any difference to him. He thought he was religious and his papa and mama was religious and that was good enough for him. But we find out that in every revival that's ever been born in the world, it produces twins. That's right. Every revival has twins. They had a bunch in there that's carnal believers and a bunch of spiritual believers. Every revival produces that. An Esau and a Jacob's. Every revival, the message has produced twins. We might as well bring it into today. &gt;&gt; Amen. You say, "Well, who you pointing out?" No one. But the effects of it, we must be very aware of these things. Amen. Because Esau was a natural man. His father actually liked him more than Jacob. But there was one thing about one thing about Jacob that God liked. He wanted that birthight. He wanted that birthight. Amen. He didn't care what he had to do, who he had to cheat, whatever had to happen, whatever the fallout was. Cuz remember, Esau got so mad, he wanted to kill him. He was willing to live with the consequences of receiving that birthright. And friends, when you have that longing in your heart, I must have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, which is our birthright today. I must have the seal of God. I don't care what people say. I don't care what the fallout's going to be. If my friends will leave me, so be it. If my family leaves me, so be it. Amen. If ever makes fun of me, so be it. Amen. I want that birthright. I want to walk with God. I want every divine blessing that he has. Amen. If you have that in your heart, Amen. Don't worry about the fallout. Amen. Who wants to see a real God? &gt;&gt; Amen. who is hungry for the real God. Amen. Not just an idea, not just a form, not just a religion or a nice idea or something to put on the fridge as a quote, but the living reality of God. Amen. I tell you what, friends, if that is burning in your heart, amen, you're a Jacob. Amen. You're not willing. You You don't want to sit down as an Esau and just go through the motions. No, you want the fire of God to burn. Amen. To live in our lives. Thank you very much. I'm going to need that soon. Amen. Appreciate that. Amen. But you see, you see, there must be something in us that we want the reality. Amen. and we're not willing even just to talk about someone else's testimonies. I'm going to tell you what the I love talking about the prophet's testimonies. But if that's all we have, it's just a painted fire. Amen. If that's all you have is a reality of God that's just a painted fire. But God never wanted us just to talk about his testimonies. He wanted you to have your own testimony. Amen. He wanted you to know that same God. Amen. That should be the thrust of our life. Amen. Is that God would be known. God would be declared. God would be experienced. Amen. That it wouldn't just be an intellectual understanding, but it be a reality of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's a Jacob. He lives, man. &gt;&gt; He's not dead. God's not dead. He lives. He's alive and well. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. But we shouldn't let we shouldn't let that Esau natural mentality of, well, just just just conform to a message mold. That's not that ain't going to take you in a rapture. Well, I just conformed to Shikina Tabernacle and this is how my parents are, so I'm like this. Or this is how the brothers are, so I'd be like this. Or the sisters. We're not called to conform to a mold. We're moldless. Amen. We don't have any mold. We're not moldy either. Amen. We're not stale. We're living. But you see, we don't have some form to conform to. The only thing is you say, "God, let me conform to the image of your word." That's the only form we should be conformed to. And that's not by intellectual gymnastics. It's by God living in our lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. So every revival brings forth twins &gt;&gt; and you can and and and this is not just twins as in born from the same mother or father, but it's two risen up within a movement of a revival. Amen. The revival in Jesus's day brought forth twins. Judas was from the same tribe Jesus was from. He was from Judah. This is this is uh meant to be a scene of Judas betraying Jesus in the garden. So it brought forth twins. One was the Messiah. One was Jesus said the son of predition. And here they were. It produced this this move of God. That's the greatest move. You could say Messiah being born. Messiah coming to take away the sins of the world. Messiah resurrecting. Messiah pouring himself into his church. Amen. The greatest, you could say the greatest week of history, Brother Am said, was the death, burial, resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. But you see it also produced a a Judas and then that revival brought forth a harvest because there was Jesus. Brother Ram says that many times you know many times we just think of three crosses there on Goltha but there was four. This is the harvest that brought there was there was Jesus and there was the there was Jesus and the two thieves but you know he was between those two thieves. One was the repentant thief. Jesus took him. That was the harvest. But then Judas died because he hung himself when Jesus was crucified. And he took that son of predition took the unrepentant thief to hell. That was the harvest of that revival. Now Judas Judas was such a man that when Jesus would stand at the you know sit rather at the last Passover at the Passover feast and he just declares one of you is going to betray me tonight. They didn't all naturally point their fingers and say ah it's Judas. They were wondering among themselves Lord is it me? Is it me? Is it me? They had no idea that it was Judas. But you see, it was Judas. But that's how much of a believer he looked like. But and that's how close it was to deceive the very elect even if it was possible. And you see what happened is Judas now because really what caused the crucifixion. The scribes and Pharisees in the background of this picture, they had meetings. They planned. They wanted to destroy the Messiah. It's amazing. The more supernatural he did, the more scripture he vindicated, the more he proved, Amen, that he was the Messiah, the more they wanted to kill him. And they wanted to kill Lazarus as well after he was resurrected. That's insanity, isn't it? They But you see, the spirit wants to kill the effects of a testimony. That's why we should never back down and just say, you know, forget our testimonies. We should keep our testimonies fresh and alive. Amen. And rehearse them and tell our children God's alive and he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. You say, "Well, that becomes redundant." That doesn't become redundant. No, because it keeps God alive in our midst. Amen. Because it keep the memory. If God could do it for me back then, and remember, God's eternal. So, what is a few years to him? Nothing. Amen. It's like he just did it a second ago in his timing. Amen. So, we should never let these things become just nothing. We should share the testimonies of the prophet of God. Absolutely. We should share the testimonies of ourselves. You know a good thing to do? You want to start a a stir among the church? Young people, you want to start a stir among the church? I'm looking for a Yep. A something, a nod, a blink, a breath or something. Good. Ask the older ones how the how God found them. &gt;&gt; Ask the older ones, where did God find you? What's your story? And that will begin to create a stir because maybe a testimony they've nearly nearly forgotten, they'll bring out of the attic and dust the cobwebs off and read it to you of their own life. And it'll become alive and fresh to them. Amen. It'll become a living reality again to them. So create a stir. I dare you. I double dare you. It's not cringe. Okay? It ain't whatever the I won't go there cuz then you'll start cringing at me. But you see, it's not it's not a bad thing. No, you want to stir the church up. Ask the older ones, "Where did God find you? What happened to you? Why are you here?" &gt;&gt; Amen. I tell you what, you'll God will step into that kind of a fellowship. &gt;&gt; Amen. I challenge you to do that. That's your homework. Praise the Lord. Bail them up in the in the foyer there after service. Amen. But you see what happened is those those scribes and Pharisees, they wanted to destroy Jesus, but they couldn't do it. And isn't it amazing? They had all the machinery to do it. They had the soldiers. They had all these things. But it took someone within the revival to bring the betrayal. He was the door. Judas was the door to actually bring them in to bring this betrayal. Why? Because Judas knew, I knew, he knew where the Messiah went. He knew actually how to take the Messiah out of the revival. He knew how to try and kill its effects, kill his effects among the people. Of course, it backfired gloriously upon him. Amen. And it, you know, upon the enemy, but you see that, see, it's it's always someone within the inside. Now, once again, I'm not trying to I'm not pointing fingers and I look you in the eye. I'm not looking you in the eye for for purpose, right? Okay. I just like to look at people in the eye because I I want to see you still awake. you know, you haven't changed the channel on me or flipped to the next video, you're here. Okay? So, this is why I like to do it. But you see, now what happens is that that it was Judas that knew how to bring the bring the betrayal about and it why and because it's always within the framework of the church of the of the revival where where these things happened. So, it was four crosses that day. Four crosses that day on um on Calvary if I you know, if I could put it that way. And it's the same thing today. That spirit hasn't died. Brother Ram says that God will take his man but he leaves his spirit upon the earth. Satan takes his man but he leaves his spirit upon the earth. And so this the same thing has come down and there's always a battle between the formal and the spiritual. The Esau and Jacob spirit. And he would say in the Ephesian church age now remember each church has its formals and each church has its spirituals. That's the twins that's born in every revival and and lives in every church. They started right in this age and ends up in this age and finally the formals took took it over in the Thitara age and Luther pulled it back again and now it's swinging back uh right back in again. Can you see that formal religion? There's no difference uh between that and uh and Catholicism. It's all the same thing. Every organization is butchered right into it. God never did organize this church. Is exactly what they was trying to do here. and you watch and see how if it isn't right just show you how cursive or organization is it was foreign to the new church the New Testament church see there's always this formal church formal spirit comes in among the revival to try and kill the revival that's why we got to stay in the middle of the road we cannot let this thing you say well we're in the message we're in the last move of God before the rapture we're immune to these things we ain't immune to nothing we ain't immune to the you know the devil wants to make this church formal lukewarm and powerless. That's what he wants to make your life formal, lukewarm, and powerless. That's what he wants to do. Cuz he's afraid if you really take a stand on the word, if you really take God at his word, Amen. he will fall at your feet every time. Amen. You'll o overcome him in every circumstance. Amen. Why? Because the overcomer lives within you. Amen. But if you become lukewarm, formal, and powerless, then he can ride over you all he wants. I think I believe I'm looking at a people that aren't formal. They're not lukewarm. They're not powerless. Amen. But they're on fire. They have a heartfelt religion. They love the Lord. And they're powerful. Amen. Because why are they powerful? Because whenever the enemy comes in like a flood, amen, they go to their source of strength, the word of God, and they look to God for their direction. Amen. And they stand still in the trial knowing that God is going to undertake, God's going to overcome. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's who you are this morning. Amen. We ain't some formal bunch going through some message ritual. No, sir. No. We live to see the power of God manifested. Amen. We believe this word because it's God manifested in this age. Hallelujah. I think if there's a people that should be enthused, it should be us. Amen. We should not be disinterested. The devil wants to make you disinterested in this word. I tell you what, I'd rather have something that can raise the dead, heal the sick, cast out the devil, bring a joy, and speakable, full of glory. Amen. Can bring peace to my soul. I'd rather have that than anything of the world that tries to just cover up these things and makes us just lukewarm, formal, and powerless. But these spirits are always within the framework of the church. Now this would even begin uh in the book of acts. Now you look at think of the book of acts there was the day of pentecost. Amen. Where the fulfillment of the ages was God living in man once again was living among them. Hallelujah. And not just the Jews and spread to the Gentiles as well. God was calling out his bride for his name's sake. A people for his name's sake. And then isn't it amazing? Here comes Peter, uh, Paul and Barnabas, you know, and, you know, they were they were having such a glorious time seeing God had opened the door to to us Gentiles who weren't even in the program of God. But yet, there's these people who stand up and say, "Except they be circumcised after the manner of Moses, ye cannot be saved." That's a twin. Unless you conform to this churchity, unless you conform to this tradition, which was a dead tradition, I think away with dead things. I don't like dead things unless it's a steak on my bri. I'm not interested about dead things. Amen. I don't want some dead religion. I'm not interested in those things. I want a living God. But he says here was the living God spreading upon the earth going beyond just Israel into the Gentiles. Amen. To you the church ages was on and here these people were trying to stop it. But yet they were believers. when therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension, if that's how you say that, and disputation with them. So basically, they had a big fight. They had a long discussion about this. They had intense fellowship. They determined that Paul and Barnabas and certain others of them should go up to Jerusalem unto the apostles and elders about this question. And being brought on their way by the church, they passed through fence and Samaria, declaring the uh conversion of the Gentiles, and they cause great joy unto all the brethren. Imagine that. Here comes a he here comes a couple of missionaries that God has called. You know their testimony. You know, God met him and changed his life. And they come into church. Imagine if we had here comes brother Paul and brother Barnabas. They've been on a mission trip and they stand up here and they start sharing photos and videos. We went into this place. It's a Buddhist nation or whatever nation. We went there. God led us there. We found this person and they became a believer and God healed them. There was a demon-possessed man. The spirit got cast out. This person was sick and they became healed. And you know, while we're preaching, the Holy Ghost fell upon them like it fell upon us. And here's the baptism. This is what's happening there. And pray for the work. And God, it's just exploded. Hallelujah. It's just a sovereign It's a sovereign move of God. I tell you what, friends, I was thinking about this this week. This church is a sovereign move of God. Hallelujah. We're going to keep the let the move keep moving. &gt;&gt; Amen. But then what happens? And being brought on their way by the church, they part. Yes. Okay. Verse four. And when they come to Jerusalem, they were received of the church and of the apostles and the elders, and they declared all the things that God had done with them. Okay. They just had a testimony meeting and everyone's just in awe. This has never happened before. This is new territory. This is incredible. But there rose up certain sector of the Pharisees which believe saying that is needful to circumcise them and to command them to keep the law of Moses. So imagine that we're just having a Jubilee time. Praise the Lord. The message has gone to this country. Never been there before. It's risen up believers. It's incredible what God's done. And then someone stands up say, "Uh, excuse me, brother Paul. Did you circumcise them? Did you get them to follow the conduct order of doctrine to the letter? Are they following the law of Moses? Oh, brother Paul, what does it do? It puts a dampener. &gt;&gt; It's a it's actually it's actually something that's come down to put a dampener on what God is doing and tries to actually take away from what God has done. God's just done eternal things. Put yourself there. Imagine you being one of those Gentiles, which you are. God found me. This word came my way. I was in religion up to my eyeballs and above. And then God found me, called me up, changed my life. He became a reality. And God's done such a great big work. &gt;&gt; And then someone comes along and says, "No, your experience isn't good enough. You've got to do this." See how See how the spirit worms in that that Antichrist spirit. And what does it do? It tries to push the people into a ditch. But Paul and Barnabas and them and the apostles, they said, "No, we're going to iron this thing out. We're not just going to let this thing doesn't matter where it comes from." Remember, they came to Jerusalem. Oh, this is the center. This has been this is Jeffersonville. This is where this has come from. This is all very important. We're going to give weight to this thing. If it's contrary to the word, forget it. &gt;&gt; Amen. If people say the days of miracles has passed, I say those people need to pass away and become born again. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why? because it's it's we can't just let these things push us. We've got to actually say, "No, no, God lives. I'm going to stay down the middle of the road. I'm not going to let the effect of a twin push me the other way." Okay. Amen. So, they had to they had to they had to actually spend their time and energy to sort this thing out, which to me, it just blows my mind. These Pharisees weren't believers yet, but they became within the framework of the church because if they really believed, they wouldn't be Pharisees. Do you hear Paul going around spreading Pharisee doctrine? He says, "I was a Pharisee of the Pharisees, but thanks be to God, I'm a new creation." &gt;&gt; Right? Amen. God is our joy. God is our pleasure. God is our satisfaction. That's where it belongs in here. Let God in. And then the other things are so dead they don't even you don't even care about them no more. Oh, people are very religious. Always been. As I preached the other day over here, revival always produces twins. Like Esau and Jacob, man of the world, and the revival that that desires the birthright. See, it's always there is every revival produces that. This latter day revival has done the same thing. It's true. So, let's get on the Jacob's side. The one that's going to inherit the one that's going into the promised land. And we cannot be satisfied with just going to church and putting our name on the book. Not that we have one. If we do, there's something wrong. Let's keep climbing higher and higher till we reach that promised land. I say, don't just keep until you reach the promised land, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Inherit every divine promise. I mean, don't just cross Jordan and camp there. No, let God move you into your inheritance. Amen. Every divine promise is yours. That's why he died. Amen. That your sin would be taken away, that he come and dwell in you, and then every word that he's given would be quickened to your soul and it would be manifested in your life. So we're not here just to cabbage down on just uh keeping a bunch of rules. No, we're here to walk with Almighty God. So what had already happened there in the book of Acts is that now these twins were here and they and the formal always tries to dominate the spiritual always tries to push it off the road. And unfortunately in that age there was you know became the age of the you know the Ephesian age. And that word Ephesians means to aim at but to relax. So they aimed at the high calling in Christ. But then they relaxed and they drifted down into into formalism into Catholicism and then eventually of course the dark ages and and brother Ram would say that we've come to a time where we've come to another Ephesians again. We've come round the cycle again where now we stand and and and and and we're aiming at the high calling in Christ. But now the now the thing is are we going to just now personally now are we going to amen and just relax and coast or or are we going to take every divine promise? Amen. Every promise in the book is mine. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's healing it's mine. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is mine. Joy is mine. Peace is mine. All the inheritance that you know everything that Adam lost is mine. Amen. My position as a son of God is mine. Amen. Deliverance is mine. Whatever it is, it's mine. And it's for my family. It's for my church. It's for my neighbor. It's for my friend. Amen. It's for whosoever will. It's for them. Amen. So, we don't just want to have some catchphrases and talk about things. We want it to become a living reality. And I think a lot of things I'm just thinking, imagine all the sermons that we've heard through the years. Some of us have heard a lot of sermons. And I pray that that word that's sitting in our spirit there, it would become quickened and it become alive. Amen. It be more than just an enthused preacher, but it become a living reality in our lives. Amen. There be a God would just reach into our memory and bring those words into our hearts and then God would quicken it by the baptism of the Holy Ghost and set a new flame in our lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can God do that? Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Amen. Then what happened was then the church went down eventually into the dark ages but God said I will restore. Now during this restoration this the these twins came back into manifestation. Now well I guess they always there but the but the spiritual begin to revive. Now I just want to go through this cycle. There's always a cycle of revival and death right. It never fails. Brother Ram says that history keeps repeating itself. It says the generations, you know, of Israel, they see revival in one generation only see the fires fading in the next. Now, I don't want to be negative in this, but then but then there's always a cycle of revival and death. And this doesn't just happen on an age level, but it happens in a church. It happens generationally. There's a cycle, but God has given us a word to break that cycle. Amen. There's no more church ages after this. There's no more messengers after this. The Lord himself is here in word form to bring us into perfection. Amen. To full maturity. So we are living in a day where this cycle of you come in on you. God saves your soul. You're on fire for God. Then you begin to cool off and then God lights it again. God wants to break that cycle. He doesn't. Our position is not to be on fire then cool off and on fire. He wants us to be on fire and then the fire spreads. You say, "Well, how do I fan the flames?" put fuel on that fire. I mean, I've never seen someone who's lit a fire in a house and it begins to dwindle and they say, "Well, that's such a shame. What can I do to fuel it?" They just put fuel in. I mean, it's just real obvious. They just they just throw some logs in or they, you know, but the thing is a damp log will never light very well. I remember being with Gabriela, where is she? On her on her church camp. She's somewhere in here. Wherever she is. Amen. And it had been raining for weeks and you we're trying to light fires there in the bush, you know, getting getting wood from there. Nothing lit cuz it would was in its long wrong condition. Amen. But if you take that same same wood, that same moss, those same th those same things, and you dry them out, you get them in the right condition. Amen. Then those things can begin to fuel the flame. So what does that mean? If it's just in your mind, it's wet and damp. But if you let the word of God go into your heart, I say it's in the right condition for God to set it a flame. Amen. So if you want if you want more fire in your life, Amen. feed on the word of God with love and thanksgiving in your heart. Amen. And then you begin to see that flame begin to light again and get stronger and stronger. Amen. So God does not want us to be Amen. He He doesn't want us to go through the cycle of revival and death, but he wants that cycle to be just revival. Amen. that that the fire of God, the reality of God will just keep burning day by day in a greater manifestation. Amen. Where the joy of the Lord becomes greater. It becomes uncontainable. Amen. That the peace of God that pass all understanding, it just becomes so so massive, so great to you. Like, man, Lord, I can't even contain this blessing. Amen. Your reality is too great for me. Lord, Lord, I don't want you to take it from me, but such a massive. Who's ever just kind of staggered under the impact of the joy of God, the peace of God, the love of God? Man, I can't contain this. I remember when the Lord first filled my heart with his love. I was washing dishes at a part-time job and the love of God filled my heart. It changed my life, but I thought, man, I can't even contain this. It's so great. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. We aren't called to settle down. &gt;&gt; We will settle down at the marriage supper of the lamb. Amen. Then we'll sit there. It'll come out and wipe all our tears from our eyes. But until then, let's not settle down for nothing. Amen. Let's not let any kind of thing push us. I I see time's running away, but I just want to use this example here of the Methodist movement. You know, the Methodist movement did not start how it is now. Let's just have this. This is a bit of chat GPT and a few other things that I just kind of merged together. This is the Methodist movement in a nutshell. So, in its beginnings, it was highly emotional. It was revivalist outdoor testimony driven. It wasn't cold and formal. There was a there was emotion around it. Amen. There was a fervor. There's a ferveny. There was a passion to know his word. A passion to see the lost be found. Amen. But then as this progressed, CC see it started off as this revival. But then as the centuries went along and begin to cool off. So from the 1800s and 1900s, it's still revivalist but increasingly structured circuit and camp meeting strong pushed to formalize worship. See, there was a there was a lot of a lot of a lot of circuit riders and they still had that old fire revival going on. But the churches that were within the cities, those pastors that went to a Bible college and they had a structure of worship, they begin to try and push down the revival meetings because they didn't want to appear strange to society. They wanted to conform. They wanted to be like everyone else that they became more accepted. Friends, the gospel will never be accepted by the unbeliever if they stay an unbeliever. I mean, the spirit of God is contrary to the spirit of the world. I mean, we cannot polish this thing up to make it palatable. It's only palatable to the elected. I mean, it's palatable to those who are hungry and thirsty who want it. Amen. We don't have to change the menu. Don't have to change the diet to match the world to make it seeker friendly. I tell you what Jesus said, if I be lifted up, I'll draw all men to myself. And that's how it becomes seeker friendly cuz those who are seeking him will find him. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then what happened? It became more structural. Hymn and sermon centered, quieter, more like Anglican tradition. This is this is how it became. And then today it's mostly formal, sometimes contemporary, small groups remain and revivals are largely gone. Amen. They'd have camp meetings where where where the preacher would stand up and preach about the gates of hell and sinners got, you know, going to perish and God's able to save and the whole campground would come under the anointing of God and sinners would weep their way to the mourner's bench. There'd be a general sorrowful cry for their lost lost state that but but then the preacher would change about how Jesus saves and he's the way and his blood is more than enough. And there'd be a jubilee erupt over the crowd. People would rejoice and dance in the spirit. That's how their revivals were. What a what what a far cry to what it is today. And now I'm not bashing the Methodist church. I'm just saying this is what happens when the formal twin pushes the spiritual twin out. Amen. And then what happened is it just see the fire that left main mainline Methodism is not because it died but because it migrated. Amen. Into holiness and Pentecostal churches while mainstream Methodism chose respectability and lurggical tradition. Let's just make the sermons more palatable. Let's make it more self-help and good words and nice ideas and philosophical things. Let's make it more intellectual because all the shouting, crying, and screaming and all this kind of thing, it kind of gives people the heebie-jebies, friends. You say, "Well, that's the Methodist." That same thing can happen here &gt;&gt; where the move of God is just a memory. where people crying and shouting is just a thing that's oh we've matured maturity doesn't make you dead &gt;&gt; David King David was a adopted king of Israel son of God he was well he was I don't know what age he was he wasn't a he wasn't a teenager when the ark came into his city and he was dancing amen no no he was he was he was older he was m he was matured he because he was an adopted son but he did not let but it so moved him you see when the Word moves you, let it respond. &gt;&gt; Respond. Amen. Sometimes he he wasn't all that always that way. But when the ark was coming into a city, he was so moved. We're having a revival. The word is coming home. Hallelujah. It's not far off somewhere in a Philistine land, some some cold formal place. It's come back to the heart of Israel. Hallelujah. I tell you what, friends, when you realize that same mark is coming to you, Amen. It'll give you a shout, give you a dance, give you a rejoice, and it's not an empty thing of emotion. You know the emotion is because of revelation. I mean the emotion in the dance is because God has returned to his rightful position. Hallelujah. But then there's the cold formal one. Saul's daughter, his wife, looking down from her window. Well, that's out of order. That's not what the message teaches. We didn't do that when the prophet was here. Samuel was here. But did that push David off the road? No. He said, "Look, look, honey. If you didn't like it today, watch me tomorrow." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm going to dance this way because I'm not doing this because of the people. I'm not doing this because of just emotion. I'm doing this because of revelation. &gt;&gt; He did not let He did not let her her push her push him, sorry, off the road. Amen. So, this can happen to us. I hate to say it, but it can happen to us. We must never let the revival fire die. Amen. Brother man said we must never lose our enthusiasm for the gospel of Jesus Christ. We must never let the spirit of revival leave, but we must keep it a flame. You say, "Well, how? Well, that's human effort." I tell you what, God has put something in your hand, your testimony, the word in your hand. He doesn't make you listen to the word. He doesn't make you live in victory. He gives you the tools to do it. &gt;&gt; He gives you a spirit to give you overcoming power. He gives you the word to feed the Holy Ghost within you. Amen. He gives you a testimony to share to make that word even more alive. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Now, where am I? &gt;&gt; Just trying to find this here. Now, so there's roads, as I said. I'm going to put some pictures here. So there's always two sides of the ditch. This and this is what's happened within the message. Some people will say if a if a church service is not emotional and people aren't on their feet, God didn't move. And then some people say it's just noise, there's nothing to it. That is not we can't we can't factor a church service if it's God or not by the expression alone. Right? Because there was a pressure once upon a time. You better be on your feet shouting and screaming otherwise you're not spiritual. And then what happens is so so that's that's just pure emotion. There's a for it's a forced way of worship. As I said in the beginning we should let God move on us how he wants to move. As long as there's an impact brother was standing there and you can watch in the deep calls the deep. Brother Bram standing behind the pullpit. The angel of the Lord is there to discern the people's hearts as they come in the prayer line. There's a man standing standing in front of the prophet. He's standing just like this. And brother says, "I can see you're excited." It goes to show you can't always tell by the outward. &gt;&gt; As long as God's working in your heart, that's the main thing, right? And then the intellectual side will say emotion, there's nothing emotion there's nothing to it. Forget it. We've gone deeper. We're in the bride age. We don't need those things. That's just Pentecostal or that's just, you know, but everything of the former ages grows into the new. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then the emotional see the intellectual and they say, "Well, they've got nothing to it. It's just all in the mind." If we stay in the middle, not that you that that's a heartfelt, genuine walk with God. But we shouldn't let those things sway us either way. Oh, it's not deep enough. He doesn't use enough quotes. He doesn't speak about thunders enough or seals enough or he doesn't use the catchphrases enough. Friends, this word should be so simple that a 12-year-old should be able to know what the seven seals are. &gt;&gt; Amen. What is the seven seals? It's Christ finishing his plan of redemption, which involves the rapture. Amen. New heaven and new earth. It's just a complete plan of redemption. Okay? Amen. And then what happens is there's people who have seen gifts being misused. Some people have pushed on gifts and they've seen gifts being misused. It's amazing how the devil always point out someone who's not genuine. or they'll point out flaws or something wrong in people's lives. And what does that do? It makes people push to the other side. See, it's twins, right? There's genuine gifts, right? &gt;&gt; Do you believe the Bible? &gt;&gt; You should have no twink in your Bible. Okay? Because if you don't believe in gifts, you might as well twink it and throw out that scripture. We believe the whole word here. Amen. All the gifts are present &gt;&gt; to be used as God wants them to be used. &gt;&gt; Amen. We believe in a supernatural God. But then when people lift up and they emphasize gifts and those gifts are misused or the vessel's not quite right, it'll cause the people to be pushed the other side. Oh, we're the word only. We don't need the supernatural. It's a re it's a knee-jerk reaction. Or those who just are the word only, we don't need the supernatural. Push the other way. We need gifts. Now, how that manifestation is is up to God. So you can have someone who can stand here and just talk to you very quietly and God can liberate a soul, &gt;&gt; right? Or you can have someone who's incredibly dynamic and God will use that to liberate a soul. Which one's greater? &gt;&gt; Oh, the one where it's dynamic. No, the outcome is the same. Therefore, they are equally right. &gt;&gt; But because God's not a cookie cutter, &gt;&gt; God makes us in a variety of ways. As long as God does what he wants to do, that's a genuine gift of God being used. So, we can't judge a service of power and demonstration by charisma or dynamic moves. Okay? That's why we can't, and I don't believe you do, okay? Because I've seen people who are more they stand here and talk. The spirit of God's here. There's a liberty. People are blessed, right? We have other people who run around and praise the Lord and we're blessed. Amen. So, I thank God that we're people like that. We don't just have God in a one box. Amen. But there's people, oh, we don't need the supernatural. See, but but that's a ditch, right? Because it's a knee-jerk reaction from the other. And then and then there's another one here where they see people that that that go into error with doctrines that are not fully brought out. You take the Puera doctrine where it it it brought the people into a formalism of just an intellectual understanding of no move of the spirit. Or you take the thunders movement where it was all jumping and up and down. There's a pressure if you're not on your feet clapping and shouting, you weren't spiritual. And they take certain parts of the message and they make a doctrine and they run with it. And then so people see that and then they pull the other side which is we just need the simple gospel. But Paul would say in Ephesians if you if you believe that book that you know the height, the depth, the breadth and the length and the love of God. So basically he said you know the full magnitude of the word you see but what happens is there's a knee-jerk reaction. Oh these people went to error they went to funny things so we're just going to keep the gospel simple. Both of those are ditches because what happens is that if we preach according to stay away from funny doctrines that therefore we can't preach about the thunders. There is not one thing in the message any of us should be afraid of preaching because oh but they use that quote. Who cares? The Catholics use the virgin birth. &gt;&gt; Does that mean we don't talk about that? &gt;&gt; Oh, they talk about Calvary. Does that mean we don't talk about that? &gt;&gt; We talk about it. We believe it. &gt;&gt; So why should we why should our walk be dictated to by what others have done? &gt;&gt; Who cares about them? Oh, people are just simple and the simple gospel. Let's pull away from them. No, let's just preach the full counsel of God. Let's believe the full counsel of God. I shouldn't there shouldn't be a single time that I should look in maybe the thunders and say, "I can't talk about that." Because people think I'm in the thunders group. No, I'm in the whole word group. &gt;&gt; Right. The thunders are glorious because it because it's the revelation of the seven seals, brother says, and it releases the power of God into the church to give us an overcoming life to break the cycle of revival and death. Or the perus. Well, I believe the personal presence of God is here. It's called the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; That's really not complicated. &gt;&gt; Oh, don't talk about that. Well, I just did. &gt;&gt; Okay. It's not scary. Oh, he's off the mercy seat. He is the mercy seat. &gt;&gt; Brother Am also says that the lamb takes the book. Amen. When all the names of that book are dipped in the blood of Jesus Christ, the revelation is come down and manifested in our midst. But the finality of it is when that last name in the lamb's book of life is dipped in blood. And he is the mercy seat. There's no Yeah, it ain't scary. But people will will hide away from these things because they're allowing a twin to push them off the road. But friends, we're called I'm just going to I'm going to wind up with this. We're called to earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered to the saints. We're not called to earnestly contend against someone else. We're here to contend for the faith, the revelation once delivered to the saints. What was that? What What was that faith? Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. God living in a people once again. Amen. The full power of redemption manifested in a people. Amen. That God would live in you and I. That's the faith we need to contend for. Amen. We need to contend for the moving of the spirit. Amen. Where it's a heartfelt religion. Brother Ram said that the that the word bursts a people that are screaming ying. Acts 2:38 youngans, that's the only kind the word produces. Amen. So, we should never be ashamed of someone if they start crying, if they start shouting, if they start screaming. We should never get to a way where we look at that person say, "What's going on there?" Amen. You should hear that. If God's moving, you say, "Lord, I want what what they're having. I want, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Lord, pass the cup to me. I want to I want a swing of that one." Amen. But we should never we should we should always contend. That word can earnestly contend for it's one word. what it means to struggle. Amen. As as to compete for a prize. Amen. This is not just given to us on a silver platter. We are to contend for the faith. That this message is alive. That is Jesus Christ revealed. Amen. That God lives in his people. Don't look at me blankly this morning. Amen. Our God is not a historical God. He didn't disappear in 1965. That same angel of the Lord is here among us today. Lives in you and I. He wants to prove his word. He wants to quicken that word into your life to make it live. Amen. He doesn't want it just to be something. He never dangles something far away and says you'll never obtain it. That's the devil talking to you. The word says the word of faith is neither even in thy mouth and in thy heart. Amen. And you got to realize, friends, that God has made you in a way to believe the word. Amen. To walk, Amen. Just like Abel did, up the middle of this road. Amen. with a heart full of love and joy and consideration for the lost and a piece that pass all understanding. And doesn't matter have the twins driving a semitr and tries to push you off the road. You'll say, "No, I'm walking up the king's highway because my God led me up this highway. My God purchased my salvation. My God has revealed himself to me and I am not a Christian because of what other people have done." That's why if someone offends you, just forget it. Amen. You've been hurt before, put it under the blood. Walk on with God. put a line under it and walk on. Do not live according to how people have treated you. Live according to how he treated you. Amen. He treated you with love and joy and peace. Amen. He's never Jesus has never mishandled anyone ever. Amen. He even called Judas friend. &gt;&gt; And we ain't a Judas this morning. Amen. But you see, we should live according to what God has done and who he is, not based on what anyone else does around us. What is it to thee? Follow thou him. Amen. Why should we care? Well, that person hurt me 50 million years ago. &gt;&gt; Forget it, man. Forget it. Move on with God. &gt;&gt; I've been hurt in a church before. God can heal that. &gt;&gt; Amen. We live in a different era. Praise God. God can bring healing. Well, I don't know if I can trust people. Let put your trust in God. &gt;&gt; Amen. God is trustworthy. I've been disappointed before. He will never disappoint. Trust me. I've only been walking with him since 2007, but I can say, I mean, God has never disappointed. He's always come in his time. He's always proved his word. Has it been hard? Has it been difficult at times? Absolutely. But God is more than able. I mean, you can put your full confidence in him. Doesn't matter what has happened. Don't walk by what has happened in the past. Just like when Joshua brought the children of Israel across Jordan, there was a commandment, circumcise again. I'm going to roll the reproach of Egypt off the people. What's that? That's a reproach of slavery. What they came out of, I'm going to take it from them this day that they don't have to look back and say, "We're once slaves." We say, "No, we are the sons and daughters of the most high God and this land belongs to us." Amen. It's the same thing with you and I, friends. Just leave the past in the past. &gt;&gt; Put it under the blood. &gt;&gt; Amen. You say, "Well, that was hurtful. It was painful. It nearly destroyed me." Just put it under the blood. You're still here. You're still a believer. There's something in you says, "Lord, I want you." Amen. Just focus on that pulsation and see what God will do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; We should be like the Welsh policeman. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The bride's revival's on. The awakening of the bride is here. Amen. The movement is here. Amen. Those ones from from America came over. Good sir. They're seeing this guy just about his job. Maybe swinging his bat and, you know, whistling. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Whatever they're singing, you know the Welsh revival, they had a lot of singing. They had a lot of testimony. They had a lot of praise. It wasn't a formal thing. And you see where revival moves, it's not formal. If it ends up formal, it means that God has left that revival. But if there's a there's praise, there's heartfelt worship, there's singing, there's testimony. I mean, what is that? That's God moving. When God opens his word, it brings forth revival. Amen. Hallelujah. You can be like the Welsh policeman. Good sir, could you tell us where the revival is? He says, "My good brethren, you have just welcome. You've arrived at the revival." Maybe they're looking for a building, looking for some noise, looking for it. He says, "I am the Welsh revival. The Welsh revival is in me." Amen. I've been awakened. Amen. That Jesus Christ saves, he redeems, he's washed me. He's proven himself alive. I'm not the old policeman I was. I'm a new creature in Christ. The word has become personal to me. Jesus Christ stepped out of history to me. Amen. And now I am the revival. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What about this day? Amen. When this message is so opened up Christ in its fullness. Amen. That God has revealed to you. You're not a church member. You're not even just a nominal Christian. You're not an Esau. Amen. No, you're a spiritual Jacob. Amen. You're the bride of Jesus Christ. That's why I've called you. That's why there's something in you that says, "Lord, I want more of you." It's because God has placed something in you. Lord, I'm yours. You say, "Why are you so excited? I got revived. I was dead. Now I'm alive. I'm still alive. I don't plan on becoming dead again." &gt;&gt; Amen. No. We should be able to declare there is a revival going on. Well, where is it? It's in me. I've been awakened. This is no longer just ink on paper. It's become living. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Where men would study this for decades and get nothing. You just open it here. The message becomes alive. The Bible becomes the new books. The scriptures become alive. And you see, you're not living outside the Bible in some other days. You're living in Bible days. And Jesus Christ is alive and well. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Say, "Well, I've been through a lot. Just let it go and follow him. Whatever you've been through, I'm not diminishing anything anyone has been through." Just put it under the blood. &gt;&gt; Walk on with God. &gt;&gt; Caleb and Joshua came out of slavery. It didn't define them. The word defined them. Their inheritance defined them. Jacob, I mean, Caleb never said to Moses, Moses, I mean I mean I mean I mean to Joshua. I'm a slave. Joshua, give me my mountain. He never said that. He said, I'm just as strong now as I was when God called us out of Egypt. Give me my mountain. Amen. They they realized that their slavery was not their defining identity. The word was their defining identity. Amen. And I say, let the word be our defining identity. Who I am is who Christ is. &gt;&gt; Amen. I tell you what, that'll put a praise in your step. &gt;&gt; I've been washed in the blood. &gt;&gt; I've been redeemed. I'm in his hand. I mean, I'm never out of his care. Doesn't matter what happens in life, I am secure in the rock of all ages. And now I can walk on with God in confidence. God, you're my shield. You're my strength. You're my shepherd. Amen. I don't have to settle for some lukewarm formal life of some, oh, you just got to calm down a bit. I pray we'd never calm down. I pray it gets worse. If I can use that word. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm just not Tell you what, I used to drink. You all know this. I've, you know, I've shared this before. You take someone who's super quiet. You fill them full of beer. That mouth starts yapping. They start doing crazy stuff that they would never do when they're sober. Why? Because because they become intoxicated by something else. And now that begins to move their lives. Hallelujah. You take that into the spiritual. You say, "Well, I'm just a very reserved little church mouse. Let just take a drink. Take a drink of the goodness of God." Your mouth will start yapping on the goodness. You'll start doing things you never imagine you'll do. Why? Because you become controlled by a different spirit, controlled by a substance. This substance does not give you a hangover. Doesn't give you regret. It gives you joy, unspeakable, full of glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, I think let's let God be God in our lives. Oh, but I might have to shout or dance. Don't be afraid. You might not have to, but you just got to be willing to let him do what he wants to do. &gt;&gt; That's the thing. Oh, but what if I run the aisles? No. Just surrender to God and say, "God, do whatever you He may never call you to do those things. He may never call you to do some big shouting jumping time." That's not what it's about. It's about a full surrender. Lord, may your spirit rule in me &gt;&gt; that whatever you want to do in my life, it is done. Amen. And let's have the musicians, please this morning. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, how's it feel to be a Bobby, if that's what they're called, policeman, whatever they're called. How's it feel to be a Welsh policeman today? Praise the Lord. Just keep walking down the road. Keep walking down the middle of the road. Don't let nothing push you off on either side. I could have had a lot more examples of these things, right? Legalism, liberalism, whatever more. Just walk down the road with a heart. I I don't know if I put it up here. Yeah. Here's this. A good road is built. I'm going to finish with this. A good road is built. The highest part is in the center because it lets all the trash wash off to both sides. That's it. When a man really comes to Christ, he's got his eyes centered on Christ. If he's a little bit emotional, he'll be a fanatic. If he's a little bit cold, then he'll get on this other side and be a and just be a cucumber over on that side. See his intellectual. But the main thing is right in the middle of the road with enough spirit in you, keep you warm and moving. Amen. And knowing enough to keep yourself under obedience of the to the spirit to move just as the spirit moves, not till or or not after, just as the spirit moves. So, we should have a heartfelt genuine love of God. Amen. Let's um let's stand. Amen. I want to sing that song, Fill my way every day with love. That'll keep us on the middle, don't you think? as I walk with the heavenly dove. Amen. Oh, let me walk, blessed Lord, in the way thou has gone, leading straight to the land above. Giving cheer everywhere to the sand and the Lord. Build my way every day. [Applause] Feel my way every day. And I love [Music] [Applause] [Music] my way every day. to the side of my savior and go in darkness. Oh my heart every day with your love. Feel my way every day with love and I know [Music] every day [Music] we go and Ever [Applause] my love [Music] all the way to the shore till I love [Music] my way every day with your love and I walk with the heaven No [Applause] [Music] way. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Way my way every day. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh go with a song and a smile. Fill our way every day with love. Amen. Praise the Lord. Is that your heart's desire? Fill my way. Not with grumpiness and anger and frustration against someone. No, just a love of God. Ruling, having dominion. My thought, my heart, my motive, objective, everything is just him. Amen. Praise the Lord. I um do we can we sing that song? Did you do it? Um it feels like fire sharp in my bones. Can we do that again? I like that song. Amen. Well, Jerusalem was shaken. Pentecost had arrived and up they were drunk on the new wine. Oh Jesus stood among them and there was no doubt this holy gold Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Sh my sh [Applause] [Music] my will his mother's back to prophesy the prophet Jeremiah would lift his voice and cry quiet folks commanded shout us alone. But how can you be quiet when it's my sh [Applause] Sh. [Applause] [Music] Resurrected and ran back to his home. When he tells the false story, you can hear him say, he said, "I found that holy power [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Oh my sh some people [Music] and shout too much emotion and too much moving about. Don't tell me to be silent or sit down in my cuz if you found what I found will you be sh [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] My fire in my sh. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. We need to sing. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you one of them this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; One of them filled with the Holy Ghost, transformed, renewed. Amen. New, new creation, washed in the blood, walking with the Savior. Amen. They were gathered in the hour, all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost. That powerful service came for them that day. He for you the same. that I can say I'm one of [Music] I'm so glad that [Music] I really [Applause] [Music] I'm so glad that I say I'm worthy people may be the worldly there all receive their cup in Jesus name My power is yet the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of I want to [Applause] see. [Music] [Applause] I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. There are people there are all the flame with the foc God which is burning down within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of [Music] You're one of the I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of my brother and your heart will sing and we'll stop the joy bells ringing and we'll keep your soul away for burning now within my heart. Glory to his name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of the one of the Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of the I'm one of the one of the I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of the Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of the I'm one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. I'm so glad that I can sing. I'm one of them. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer, shall we? Amen. Maybe you want to slip your hand up. Say, "Lord, keep me in the middle of your road full of love, not in a ditch somewhere pushed aside." Gracious Father, we've all been influenced or Lord, we see there's twins down through the ages. Dear God, those same spirits are here today. I just pray, Father, Lord, I didn't say this. If I I didn't want to name names or anything, Lord, if I did, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that. But I just want the people to know, Lord, that Father, may we never be pushed off the road or influenced by what others have done or what others are doing or what they say. But Lord, may we just walk down the middle of this way of holiness, Lord, this highway that goes up into glory, Lord, down the middle of the road, loving you, Lord, praising you, Lord, that we're Christians and how we act and what we do because of you, not because of what others have done. Father, please may you grant it, dear God. God, I prayed give us a heart full of love, Lord Jesus. May you burn a re a revival fire in our hearts, dear God. Father, I pray we just be completely surrendered into your hands that however you want to manifest yourself, Lord, may it be done for your glory. We thank you, Lord. We love you. We just want to commit ourselves into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. Just want to have your seats or how do you want to do it? &gt;&gt; To the song.
