################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-12 - 121025 - Return To The Old Path - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-12
Title:   121025 - Return To The Old Path - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXRgW-jVOgE
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Are [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Good morning. How are you all today? Doing well. I was really enjoying the sound of the instruments playing. I really like the sound of the violin. Do you like the sound of a violin? It's like got this kind of like like it's not happy, but it's not sad. It's kind of like a deep sound. often marvel at music, you know, because I guess when the Lord made man, he didn't give them any music. They just turned up. And then over time, we've kind of figured out this thing called music and these different sounds and these random things that we do. We get this piece of wood and we pull a tight string over it and we start like we get this funny little thing. Hold your bow up that what do you call that? A bow. Isn't that a weird thing to call it? A bow. But it, you know, it makes this sound and then we pull these metal strings tight and they do this and then we clang things and this guy over here bashes on things and you know but it all if you get it right it makes this sound you know there's we I love people humans we just we we've created the Lord must enjoy it when we create these things and we just we we we end up with this thing called music and it's nice to be able to worship the Lord um through through music. I also like the bag pipes. Who likes the bag pipes? Do you know what I love about the bag pipes? I like things that uh not not so much aggressive, but I like things that that are bold, you know, just that push out. Some instruments, they just sort of turn up in the mix. You don't know that they're there. You know, they could not play and you're like, "Oh, I didn't realize he wasn't even playing or she wasn't playing." You know, cuz they just they're like a little nothing instrument. But a bag pipe, it's either there or it's not there. like when it turns up, it's there and it takes over the whole show. It's like, wow, the bag pipes are started, you know, and then I like that about the bag pipes, you know, there, you know, when they turn up. They're not just like this little side instrument. Let's um stand this morning. We'll just open up in a word of prayer. We spare a thought for little Davey, too. He's um little Davey. He there. Brother Taz has uh like he's doing a it's like a youth sort of outreach type thing service or I don't know a lot about it but I know Dave and a few other guys have gone up to sort of share their testimonies and there's different ones there. Um I think I thought it was going to be quite small but there's maybe 60 or so people there and poor little Dave is quite nervous. He's bringing gave me a few phone calls this morning as he's he's first up. But um I'm glad that we've like here we've had the little youth services and things that you know that we've given these young people a chance to come up and do it here and not get so nervous you know because um it takes a lot believe it or not it takes courage to go to stand up and to do that. Like even to stand up here you don't think it but I'm every time I sit there before I come up I'm so nervous. I'm like oh I'm nervous and I think I should go up now. No, wait. No, go up. It's when you get up, you're all right. But it's I'm always nervous. And I've done this a million times, you know, and I think, man, this poor little guy. He's got these people he doesn't know from a bar of soap and he's got to get up there and they're all like hanging on every word he says. I'm like, it's quite nerve-wracking. It takes courage. And and I like a man or a woman with courage, you know, that stand up and do it. You know, even if you think I could mess this all up, it doesn't matter. I'm going to stand up and have courage and do it anyway. So let's um let's pray this morning and yeah just commit the service to you to the Lord. Lord we thank you Lord for this opportunity that we can have courage this morning and stand up and serve you and worship you and sing to you Lord and I pray you'll bless our song service this morning. Bless our service. May you just u meet with us this morning Lord in a powerful way. Thank you Lord for the yeah just for this opportunity Lord the you've made man in the different things that we come up with to worship and to praise. We make these sounds, Lord. But the the greatest thing that we have is our heart inside our heart. And this desire that we have to worship, to want to worship and praise you. That's the that's the greatest instrument. That's the greatest sound. That's the greatest expression of all, Lord, is a is worshiping you from a pure heart, Lord. That's the greatest thing that we have. And I I thank you for each heart here this morning, Lord. That from our heart, we've chosen to worship you this morning, Lord. And we just pray that that you'd just accept the worship of our heart this morning, Lord. But may it be without guile or without any any pretense. May it just be pure before you, Lord Jesus. I pray you bless this uh brother Taz in the service there that they're doing as well. And the different brethren around the country that are worshiping you and and teaching your word, Lord, and and furthering your kingdom this morning. We just want to pray a blessing and we just commit the service to your hands um in Jesus name. Amen. Just one notice. Can we do another practice straight after church again? So straight after church, don't leave. Okay. And then we're going to do one more at 1:45 after lunch. Okay. If you're here, good. If you're not here, you're not here. But try and be here at 1:45. Okay. But straight after service. Okay. All right. Let's sing in the sweet by and by. There's a land that is fairer than day. Now, let's start with the chorus. Oh, in the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. [Applause] We shall meet on that beautiful shore. There's a land that is fairer than day. And my faith we can see it a far for the father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there. In the sweet, in the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. We shall sing on that beautiful shore. [Applause] The melodious songs of the bliss and our spirit shall sorrow no more. Not a sight for the blessing of rest. Boy, in the sweet, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. To our bountiful father above, we will offer our tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessing that hallows our days. In the sweet and the sweet by my we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful boy in the sweet in the sweet by and [Music] We shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. Amen. It's not a myth. It's a reality. Amen. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. And the h has never yet been told. I have found his grace is all complete. He supply every need. Well, I sit and learn at Jesus feet. I am free. Yes, free in me. It is joy. It is joy. Unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory and the heart has never yet been told. I have found the presence I once great is joy and peace within. [Music] What a wonderous blessing I am saved from the awful go. For it is joy. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is unspeakable and full of glory. And the heart has never yet been told. I have found that hope so bright and clear. Living in the realm of praise. Oh, the Savior's presence is so I can see his smiling joy. Glorious be glory. Glory glory is your unspeakable and glory and the heart has never yet been known. And I have found the joy. No tongue can tell how his waves of glory roll and it is like a great hopeful wing springing up within my soul. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh glory. Oh, glory is unspeakable and the heart has never is glory. Glory is glory. All glory is unspeakable and [Music] the heart has never yet been told. Amen. It's joy unspeakable and full of glory. People are aiming for glory in a lot of things, but you know, nothing compares to the glory of God. And the glory that shall be revealed in us, that's real glory. All this other stuff that people are going for, yeah, it's got nothing on it. Well, hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. And I said, Bill, your whole song is eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Time is filled with swift transition. [Applause] And all of earth unmoved can stand. Oh build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand [Applause] and trust in him who will not leave you. [Applause] whatsoever years may bring. [Music] If my earthly friends forsake, still more closely to him, hold to God's unchanging hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. and reveal your hopes on things eternal host God's unchanging hand not this world's main riches that so rapidly decay be to gain the heavenly treasure They will never pass away. Oh, to God's unchanging hope. To God's unchanging hand. [Applause] Oh, to God's unchanging hand. And build your hopes on things eternal. [Music] to God's unchanging hand. And when your journey is completed, oh, and if to God you have been true. Well, fair and blight, your home in glory. Your and rapturous will you hold to God's unchanging hope. to God's unchanging hand. Oh, to God's unchanging hand and build your hopes something eternal. Hold to God's Listen one more time. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. and hold to God's unchanging hand. And build your hopes on things eternal. Oh, to God's unchanging. Well, build your hopes on things. Build your hopes on things things eternal. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Well, through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. I've had many tears. I've had many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. There have been times I didn't know right from wrong. [Music] But in every situation, God gave blessed consolation that my trials come to only make me strong. Through it all, through it all. Through it all, I have learned to trust in Jesus. I learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, [Music] I to depend upon his word. [Music] I've seen a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces and been times I felt so all alone. [Music] But in my lonely hours, yes, those precious lonely hours, Jesus let me know I was his own. Through it all. Through it all. Through it all. I have learned to trust in Jesus. I have learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I have to depend upon his word. So I thank God for the mountains and I thank him for the valley. I thank him for the storms he brought me through. [Applause] For if I never had a problem, I wouldn't know that he could solve it. I never know what faith in God can do. Through it all, through it all. Through it all, I have learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all. Through it all, I have to depend upon you. through it all. Oh, through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. [Music] I'm here for my promise. I come and believe. No matter the problem, I know I'll receive. [Music] I'm here for my healing. His word says it's mine. So all other feelings I call you alive. I'm here for my victory. I lift up my hand. [Music] My faith is an army. And right here I'll stand cuz I have authority and I'm coming for what's mine. I know what I've been given and I'm here for a fight. Yeah. Gates of hell. You won't prevail. On the rock revelation, my faith won't fail. And all that stands before me will all end up behind me. I'm everything. I know who I am. I know where I stand. And I have the sword of the king in my hand. Yeah. I'm here for my family. I'm here for my son. You might think you had it, but I know I have one. I'm here for my children. I'm here for my daughter. You might think you had her, but I'm coming for [Music] I have authority and I'm coming for mine. I know what I've been gi [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] you on the rock of revelation my faithful And all that stands before me will all end up behind me. I [Music] everything I know who I am. I know where I stand. And I have the sword of the king in my hand. Gates of hell. Gates of hell. [Applause] You won't pre my faithful. All the stand and all stand before me will all end up behind me. I'm [Music] craving everything. I know who I am. [Music] And I know where I am. I'm the king in my head. Yeah. All my healing. I'm claiming all my healing. I'm claiming all my blessing. I'm claiming all my victory. Yeah. I'm claiming all my family. I'm claiming all my family. I'm claiming all my children. I'm claiming all he gave me. Oh yes, I am claiming all my healing. I'm claiming all my healing. I'm craving all my I'ming all my victory. I'm all my family. I'm all my [Music] children. I'm all he gave me. [Music] And I'm here for salvation. Cuz Jesus, you saved through you. I'm forgi. You conquered the grave. I'm here for my blessing. I'm here for my joy. No more depression. [Music] It's time to rejoice. Cuz I have authority and I'm coming for what's mine. I know what I've been given. And I'm here for fun. [Applause] Yeah. Gates of hell. Gates of hell. You won't be on the rock revelation. [Applause] [Music] My [Music] [Applause] stand [Applause] behind me. [Music] everything. I know who I am. I know where I stand. And I have the sword of the king in my hand. I know who I am. I know who I am. I know where I stand. And I have the throne of the king in my hand. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Just sing one more before brother Ben comes up this morning. [Music] Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Cuz my God is so much bigger than troubles I face. Why would I hunger for power or riches of fame? [Music] My God is so much bigger than all of these things. I won't be shen. I won't be. [Music] My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak I speak to the mountain. It's time to My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My enemies scatter, say the battle is done. [Music] My God is stronger. The victory's already won. He died for my ransom. He rose up on the third day. [Applause] My God is greater than hell and so be shame. And I won't be shen. [Music] No, I won't be. [Music] Cuz my God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. There's no mountain to high. There's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain to hide. No valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to me. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. So I won't be shen. No, I won't. I won't. My God, my God is faithful. His promises. So I speak. I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be shen. [Music] I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater, bigger, better, stronger, greater, bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. He sure is. That's just how it is today. Hallelujah. Amen. He conquered hell, death, and the grave. Amen. He's undefeable. Hallelujah. He cannot be matched. He's a matchless one. Amen. And he's here for you today if you just open your heart and let him in and change your life. Amen. Glory to God. Thank you, Isaac. Amen. Thank you, brother Isaac. Thank you, musicians. Amen. I believe he's present among us. Why don't you just let him change you today? All this self-help nonsense today, let him be your help and your strength and change you. Amen. Our God is in the business of transforming people, changing lives, filling with the Holy Ghost, healing, raising the dead, casting out devils. Amen. Our God is here to give you peace. Amen. That pass all understanding. Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful we don't serve some weak God, some religion somewhere. We serve the Almighty. Amen. He's not just a mighty God. He's the Almighty. Amen. There's none beside him. Amen. There's none like him. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's um let's uh go to the scripture this morning. We're going to go to Jeremiah uh chapter 6 and uh verse verse 13. And we're just going to read a couple of scriptures here. Then we're going to go to um uh we're going to go to John. Oh, let's just read this then you can well then we'll go to John chapter 8. But let's read here Jeremiah 6 and 13 to to 16. Sure. Good to see everyone here today. Hey, the wind is blowing outside. Let's pray. The the supernatural wind of the Holy Ghost will move and just not just move upon us, come into us. Inspiration something that comes in. Amen. That come out as we go out through the week and God's inspiration can live out of our lives. And amen. So wind of the Holy Spirit blow Lord. Amen. That's my prayer. Amen. Jeremiah 6:13 says um from uh for from the least of them even unto the greatest of them everyone is given to covetousness and from the prophet even unto the priest everyone deleth falsely. They have healed also the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly saying peace peace where there is no peace. Where they um were they ashamed when they had had committed abomination. Nay, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush. Therefore, they shall fall among them that fall at the time that I visit them. They shall be cast down, sayeth the Lord. Thus sayeth the Lord, stand ye in the ways and see and ask for the old paths. Where is the good way and walk therein, and ye shall find rest for your souls, but they say, we will not walk therein. I'm glad we're not in that category. We want to walk in that path. Amen. Then, um, just a couple of verses from John chapter 8. You don't need to turn to it if well you can if you want to, but I'm just going to uh read it here. He says, "Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, if ye continue in my word, then you are my disciples indeed, and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." &gt;&gt; Praise God. Amen. Let's um let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Um we have one prayer request from from uh South Africa. It's from uh Brother Tashius, Sister Mary, is that how you say, Brother Armand. Um so they have a um so sister Mary's pregnant with a son and the doctors the specialists have have um had a look and and and the and the baby has if I I don't know if I can say this right but a congenital diaphragmatic hernia. So basically the intestines as well as the stomach have pushed through this hernia into the chest cavity which is affecting the growth of the left lung and um and and and has been pushed far to the right which is along with the heart. So, this baby's got great trouble uh with development because of this hernia. And the doctors are saying that this baby only has a 15% chance of life after birth. Okay. So, this is a great this is a great need. They've asked the bride around the world to to to remember them in prayer. And so, I think we let's just join our faith together cuz we're fearfully and wonderfully made. And God is more than able to to to reach into a womb, touch a life, put everything back together, take the hernia away, move everything. healthy, well, and strong. There's nothing too hard for the Lord. We've heard of cases among believers where there's a down syndrome or some great defect in the baby, and you know, they should the parents are told to terminate the pregnancy. Of course, they did not, and the baby's born healthy, strong, and well. So, our God's still in the business of transformation, healing, rearranging things. So, there's nothing our God cannot do. Amen. So, if you have a need, you just want to raise your hands to the Lord as well. Let's remember, Amen. this couple uh and child and Amen. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we just sung there's nothing you cannot do. Hallelujah. There's nothing that Lord, you're bigger, better, stronger, greater than any enemy, any giant, any mountain. Lord, any insurmountable odds which seem impossible, Lord, that's where you step in and you do the impossible. Lord, you're the God of the impossible. And gracious Father, you see the doctors have only given this little baby 15% chance to Lord to live after he has been born because of this condition with this hernia and the organs moving and pushing and different things. But Lord, you're the almighty God. You're the great the great physician. Lord, you're not just a physician. You're the great one. Hallelujah. Lord, you do things perfectly, my God. So, Father, we lift we lift Sister Mary, Lord, and her husband, Lord, into your presence by prayer. We lift their son, oh God, that's in her womb. We ask, Lord, you touch her, my God. Touch him, Lord. Father, may you rearrange it, Lord. Bring the organs back to the right place, dear God. Bring order back to his life, Father. Lord, that when he's born, he's born healthy, strong, and well, Lord. We're believing for this cuz we've seen you do too much, Lord, to not believe, Lord. You're more than able to do it, Father. So, we claim this his healing is full restoration, dear God, for your glory, Lord. Any other needs among us, Lord. You know, there's many sick, Father, among us who couldn't be here today. Be their abundant portion. May the sickness cease now in the name of Jesus Christ. And Father, may you touch all of our lives, dear God. May this be such a real service, Lord. A supernatural moment, dear God. Father, may all of us leave this place changed, Lord, renewed, oh God. do what you want to do in our midst, Lord. We submit our lives into your hands. As we read your great eternal word, may you now step in and anoint it to our souls for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name, we ask these things. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. So, I want to speak about I've got you. Well, I want to speak about the old paths. It's the good one. Even the Bible says it's the good one. And this is a very good one because you shall find rest for your souls. Now, there's always a spirit, a religious spirit that wants to get us off that path, who wants us to take a take a substitute, but we're not here to to to have a substitute. I'm not interested in a fake copy. I want the real thing. I mean, I want the real thing. And I believe you're a people that want the real thing more than anything. Amen. So, so we want to look at this here where, you know, you know, they would Jeremiah would say about the people in that day. And to me, the the book of Jeremiah is so striking because such a parallel to this day because Jeremiah was he he saw the vision of Nebuchadnezzar coming down and scattering the children of Israel and judgment was coming upon Israel because of their idolatry. And to me, it's the same thing today where this world is not just going to be scattered, it's going to be destroyed. Amen. Because of idolatry and all these things. And there's but but a message has gone out before the destruction ever comes to come into this place of rest. Come into Christ. Come into a place of safety. Amen. That we don't need to see the great tribulation, but we can enjoy the wedding supper in the sky. Amen. So there is a there is an old path. It's a you know, ask for it. Seek the old path, you know, which is the good one, and walk therein, and you shall find rest for your soul. But you see, it's interesting in verse 14, it says that they have also um they have healed also the her daughter of my people slightly. So it's not even a complete healing. It's not like Jesus when Jesus heals someone, it's a complete work. Amen. when he when he you know when he um anyone he healed the blind man didn't stay he wasn't partially blind after Jesus touched him he was fully restored in sight you know so when God heals someone it's not a slight healing of just a patching up of a wound or just just just kind of rubbing a complex a certain way to pander to it or you know trying to just alleviate symptoms and just well these are seven steps that you can like a coping mechanism we don't have some coping mechanism this is not alcoholics anonymous where you just always alcoholic, but you're just kind of trying to manage these things. No. Whom the sun sets free is free indeed. Amen. It's not a partial trying to fix. No, this is a permanent fix. Amen. This is what the This is what the power of God does. Amen. It's not just trying to manage and keep your demons in check and all this kind of nonsense. No, they get cast out of you and you walk in liberty. You walk in freedom. Amen. Cuz God is here to free people. But you see it said they've only healed the daughter of the hurt of my daughter of my people slightly saying peace peace when there is no peace. So you'll be fine just you know you'll be okay and you there's peace and you'll be fine. No but there is no peace cuz the wound is not healed completely. But I'm here to announce to you that this message has got a power within it to heal any wound. Amen. And the full power of Calvary is here to manifest itself in our lives. That doesn't matter what wound that we're born with. Our upbringing may have wounded us. our distant parents or no parents or some parents or controlling parents or whatever whatever upbringing we were raised in. You know, God's here to heal those wounds. God's here to do a work in our lives so we don't have to live under those things and you know just a slight healing. No, there's complete healing. &gt;&gt; Amen. In the atonement today. Praise the Lord. So you shall if you if you continue in my word then you are my disciples indeed and you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. Now this word continue it means to stay as in in a given place a state a relation or an expectancy. So so this is how you continue in the word. You you remain in the word. Amen. But you've got a state of expectancy. What's the expectancy? God, you're more than able to fulfill what you've promised. Amen. You're a supernatural God. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. You haven't changed one bit, Lord. Your word is here. what you wrote in your word that you said you'd do. You don't just say, "Well, I didn't really mean that or I've just, you know, embellished it." No. What he says, he does. I mean, what he promised, he does. Amen. He doesn't just give us a promise and let it hang over our lives and we never obtain to it. That's not our God. Our God freely gives us all things in Jesus Christ. Amen. And what he promised, he'll do it. When he said, "I'll never leave you nor forsake you." He's not saying it's a nice idea. He says, "My personal presence will be with you even in you to the end of the world." Amen. I'll be with you even in you to the end of the world. He promised that, did he not? Amen. He said, "If you seek me with all your heart, ye shall find me." Amen. That's a promise of the word. So if he gave that promise, he didn't say that if you seek me with all your heart, you might find me or potentially or there's an odds or a probability or he said, "Ye shall find me." Amen. So God is very determined that his word is going to manifest itself and what he has promised he will produce it. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. If I get excited, well, I'm just going to get excited. Yeah, I'm sick of I'm sick of why why should we hold back? &gt;&gt; This is the greatest time to be alive. If there's anyone to be excited about anything, it's us. Amen. You know, because we have the greatest we have the answer to to the world's problems. Amen. Jesus Christ, the living God. Praise the Lord. But you see now there's a big problem where where this is going to be I'm going to try and tie these two thoughts together. But you see now there's always a spirit that tries to push us off the old paths that we don't find rest for our souls. Amen. And and um Paul would prophesy of this. He would speak about how there would come a great he said don't be shaken by word or spirit or lead or anything. No, but you you know the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day they shall not come except there come a great falling away first and that man of sin be revealed the son of predition who opposeth and exaltth himself above all that's called God or that is worship so that he is God siteth in the temple of God showing himself that he is God. Now that son of predition, that antichrist spirit has been revealed in this day. I mean, that's what the seals, the opening of the seals reveals Christ, but also reveals the enemy, right? So, he's been revealed. We see him for what he is. But now this, but but what he always tries to do is he always tries to stop the church coming to its position. Amen. If there's always anything that's in your mind that tries to war against you, why does the devil come to you and say, "You think you're a son of God? You think you're going to overcome?" You know who has those negative thoughts come in your mind saying, "I'm not going to win. It's just not going to happen. I'm always going to live with this." Who gave you that thought? That's not the Lord. That's not his word. That's the enemy trying to put something, you know, put that thought to get you to agree with him to push you down to stop you stepping into your God-given position. Amen. And we can see the son of predition when when you say when he became a man in Judas's Scariot. Now, this is just a scene. I found this here. This is where before Jesus was about to go to Calvary, they had a supper there in um um Simon the leper's house in Bethany. And um well, let's just read the scripture here. And you know, and and then there came a woman having an alabaster box of very precious ointment and poured it on his head as he sat at meat. But but when his disciples saw it, they had indignation saying, "To what purpose is this waste?" Now you go to the book of John which is a prophetic gospel and and and John does not say the when the disciples saw it. He narrows it down to when Judas was the one who had indignation. Judas was the one who was displeased with this waste. And what happened is the son of predition I say his tentacles go very far. They reach very deep. They have a lot of great influence. So his attitude towards Mary was doing I mean caused the rest of the disciples to come under his influence and say what a waste. But here is now the bride, the church in that season was now anointing the word for what the word was about to achieve. Amen. And and and Judas, the son of predition, he did not want the word to achieve what it was meant to achieve. I trust you're following me this morning because this word the word has come in this day to produce a people made in the image of the word. I mean make a bride in the image of Jesus Christ. That's what the message has come to do. to produce a people that when you see those people, you look at the you see the acts of God. When you read the Bible, you see their character, that character living out of them. Amen. You see the Bible in flesh, right? But now but now the enemy does not want us to come to that position. You see, so what happened was is is as Judas would um you know, they all were filled with indignation. It came from Judas if you read the account in John's gospel. But then now you look for this. He says, he says, then then when Jesus understood it. So at first he just felt the anointing oil. He didn't say anything and then there's all this going on and then he understood, no, she's anointed me for what I'm about to do. She's anointed me for the next part of my ministry, which was his which was his his bear, his death, death, burial, resurrection. Right? That was the next part. So her worship, she was worshiping the word, giving praise to the word for what it was about to achieve. Not for what it had done, for what it was about to do. And we're going to be very aware and careful what we praise God for is what. Sure, we praise him for what he's done. &gt;&gt; But we're going to look forward. What is he going to achieve? Cuz you got to look at his achievement should be our goal. Amen. His achievement. What he wants to do are people going in the rapture. That should be what we're focusing upon. Amen. Because if your focus is rapture, then you have a burden for your family. You have a burden for your friends. You have a burden for your colleagues cuz you want them. I mean, like even William said this week, we got to warn people. A 5-year-old saying this, we're going to warn people. There's a better there's a way of escape out of this place. Not to put fear in people, for them to wake up and actually come to their senses. And hey, there's a World War II is coming. &gt;&gt; Great tribulation's coming, but there's a way out. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, so people who are focused on the rapture, it comes down to your everyday life. Lord, I want to be the best Christian I can be. Lord, I want to see you live. I want to be friendly to everyone. I mean, I want to be if people get nothing, they say, "Well, that person's nice." Not some big some some pious frown and all this kind of. No, turn the frown upside down. Give your face a rest. Takes more muscles to frown than to smile. Do you know that? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, stop using all your energy on that. Just why don't you just be happy, &gt;&gt; be friendly. A friend must show themselves friendly. It's a scriptural principle. Okay? So, we should have a burden and and and I'm not saying you do not, but that should be our focus. Lord, what are you what are you doing next? &gt;&gt; Anoint the word for what he's doing next. Amen. But then before before the change of the body is there's a restoration of the church or the bride back to what she was at Pentecost. And brother Brandon's very strong about this. He says he says what the what the bride was at Pentecost is the standard. That's the standard of the church. I try don't don't pull back on me because I think when we throw out terms you think, well, you're just chasing after gifts. No. At Pentecost, God dwelt in his church. God was in every member of the bride and God was leading them. It wasn't organization and trying to learn some things. It was God living in his people. And God brought his people into their position in the body. That was what they had at Pentecost. &gt;&gt; Are we all okay? Am I am I too noisy? Amen. No, this is this is the standard. He says here, he says, "Now we know exactly from the word which was recorded by the Holy Spirit, how the first original church was founded and how God manifested himself in her. The word can't change or be changed because the word is God." He says John 1:1, in the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God. To change one word of it as did um as did Eve bring sin and death. Even as it says in Revelations 22, if the plagues that are written in this book, if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away from his part out of the book of life and out of the holy city and from the things which are written in this book. Thus, what the church was at Pentecost is the standard is the standard. That is the pattern. There's no other pattern. No matter what the scholars say, God has not changed that pattern. What God did at Pentecost, he has to keep on doing until the church ages close. We're still living. This world is still in Lady Oia. &gt;&gt; We have not left the church ages. Doesn't matter what some people try and say about we're still the world is in Lady Oia. We're still living. So what God did in the beginning, he's going to finish his church the same way. This is the standard. So if that's the standard, that's what we should be anointing the word for him to do. Is that okay? &gt;&gt; Because we got to realize this is the standard. God, Christ in you, the hope of glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, what the church had at Pentecost his is her inalienable right originally. She had the pure word of God. So, it's it's our right to have God move like he did in the book of Acts. It's our right. And people say, "Well, you just chasing you're just going back to a Pentecostal move." No. Pentecost of the book of Acts is different to the Pentecostal denomination because the Pentecostal denomination is just a restoration of the gifts, right? But Pentecost, the book of Acts, is God dwelling in his people. Amen. And if there's if there's gifts, praise God, they're part of the word. I don't have a twink pen to rub out anything in the scripture. I believe it all. Amen. And it's our inner inaliable right. So everything they had back then is our right today. Amen. Where we don't just join. You see this son of predition, the spirit wants to stop us having our inalienable right. Amen. But we're here for a fight, aren't we? We're taking all of our blessings. Amen. So every part of the word is ours. So we can't just simp back and say, well, you know, we can't just we we can't just pull back and say, well, we shouldn't do that because it because it makes some people unhappy or brings a jealousy or brings a resentment. I'm going to come into that soon. No, this is this is my promise that God would be in me and he'd live his life out of me and he'd be the Christian through me. Amen. That's what I want. That's what I want for my family. That's what I want for all of us. I never want us just to cabbage down into an intellectual idea and have a nice church. &gt;&gt; Forget it. I don't You can find I'm not interested in a club or a lodge. I know you're not either. &gt;&gt; We want the living God, &gt;&gt; do we not? We want him more. I mean, we don't just want to rest on yesterday's testimonies. We want to see him alive today. I mean, because he hasn't changed one, but what he was yesterday, he's the same God today. But that that but that spirit of the son of predition, that antichrist spirit will try and come in, make you lukewarm, formal, and powerless because he does not want you to anoint the word for what it's about to do. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's keep reading this. I like it. She had the power of um of the spirit manifested in diver signs and wonders and gifts of the Holy Ghost. Hebrews 2 um 1:4. Therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, least at any time we should let them slip. For if the word spoken by angels was steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience to the word received a just recompense of the reward, I mean I mean of reward, how shall we escape if we neglect so great a salvation which is at first began to be spoken by the Lord? And was confirmed unto us by them that heard him? God also bearing them witness both with signs and wonders and with diverse miracles, the gifts of the Holy Ghost according to his own will. That original church was not organized by men. It was led by the Holy Ghost. It wasn't very big. It was hated, despised. It was oppressed. It was persecuted unto death. But it was the tr but it was true to God. It stayed with the original word pattern. &gt;&gt; We want to That's the old path. Amen. That's the old path at least to rest for your souls. That's the original path. Now, don't get led astray here. When I said that God and his ways never change, I did not say the church and its messengers could not change. The church isn't God, so she can change. But what I said that uh because of the unchanging God with unchanging ways we can go back to the beginning and see the first and perfect act of God then judge that by that standard. That is how it is done. The true church will always try to be like the original at Pentecost. The true church of today will try to approximate that early first one. And the messengers to the churches having the same spirit of God in them will try to approximate the apostle Paul. They won't be exactly like him, but the true messengers will be the ones that will come the closest to Paul, who are free from all men, sold out to God, and gave forth the word of God only and manifested the Holy Ghost and power none else would do. You have to work from the original as like begget like. The true church always be the one that tries to follow in the steps of her founders at Pentecost, and her messengers will follow. The Apostle Paul, the first messenger to the first church age. It is that simple and that wonderful. &gt;&gt; Amen. I like that. Don't you? Amen. Where we are called to to not not to deviate into just a intellectual revival. Amen. The opening of the word brings power. It always does. Amen. You can take it in your own personal life. When Calvary went from a story to reality, it became a revelation. And what did that do? It released power into your life to live above sin. It changed your nature. It changed your desires. Does it change your outlook? Because the revelation that Jesus died for you became real in your life. It went from story to reality. So what happened is the word came open to you and changed your life. Amen. And then it opened further. Amen. Where you realize actually I can live a holy life by the holiness of God. I mean God has sanctified me. He's cleansed me. Amen. What is that? The word opened further. It released a power. Are you with me? This this is what revelation should do. I mean, it does not just fill your mind with a bunch of information. No, it anchors down into our souls and it produces the life of God. Do you realize that you've got a powerhouse of revelation in your soul that God's been depositing year after year, service after service? Every time you open your Bible, God's been anchoring his word. It's been releasing a power into your life that once you once were struggling with, you've overcome. Why? Because the power of God has come in. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. You say, "Well, what did they have?" Well, let's go back to the original. You say, "Well, does this mean we got to go from house to house and not have church buildings?" That's what that's not what he's talking about to me. To me, he's talking about God dwelling in his church. So, Peter would stand up. You see, they would he would stand up because, you know, on the day of Pentecost, this is the standard now. and and the people on the outside of the upper room are hearing a bunch of noise and commotion, seeing everyone act like a bunch of drunk people. And then Peter stood up and said, "Be this known unto you and hearken to my words for these are not drunken as you suppose but the third hour of the day, but this is that which is spoken by the prophet Joel." Amen. So the re So so so the inspiration that struck the prophet Joel, Amen, was no longer just a prophecy floating around, if I could put it that way, but it had now become flesh. It had become material in the 120 in the upper room. And that's why they staggered like drunk people because the impact of that revelation so gripped them. It so overwhelmed them that now God was with us. Now he's in us. Amen. That he's not just some God somewhere, but now he's present in me now. Amen. Cuz God said, "I'll pour my spirit out upon all flesh." And Peter was saying, "What you read about in Joel and what you argued about in Joel was now living in front of you." That now these people are acting this way cuz they're so overcome. They become intoxicated. Amen. By the fact that God is now within them. God was fulfilling prophecy. Amen. And what? So, so it was a revelation struck their lives and that was the manifestation of that revelation. Amen. So they they they had the revelation that the almighty God was now dwelling in them. Praise the Lord. You know, you know, the disciples in Mark chapter 13, I don't have it up here on me. I mean I mean I mean up here uh Mark 13 but you know Jesus would be taken by his disciples to the temple and you know Jesus you know the disciples would see the temple and the buildings and they'd say Lord what great manner of stones and buildings are here &gt;&gt; and the Lord Jesus is looking at them he's looking at the temple and the first thing he says is not one stone is going to be left upon another. So you're so marveling at this masonry. You're so marveling at this craftsmanship and this building and the size and all these kind of things. And Jesus is saying, "Look, I'm going to do away with this thing." And he was actually looking, his disciples were there in their rags and they were homeless and they didn't have any, they didn't look like anything to the world. But Jesus was looking at them and he saying look you know in manner of speaking he could have said those stones are nothing compared to you &gt;&gt; because you are going to be the first part of the building of the bride of Jesus Christ. I mean you're going to be the foundation stones. I mean those stones are going to do away with because I'm going to bring it to a greater temple. Amen. Not a not a temple of stone and wood and gold and all these things but a living stone. Amen. Christ would be in the church. Amen. Hallelujah. and they're there with their rags thinking we're not important. We're not the who's who. And God said, "You are the who's who in his economy." Are you here today? Amen. Because you got to realize we look at ourselves and think we don't have any selfworth many times and we don't think we're worth anything. And God said, "No, you're not the foundation stones. You're the finishing stones." Amen. You're part of the body of Christ. Amen. You're the you're the bits of stone that I've been looking for and I found you. I've placed you in my body. Amen. You are the most valuable pieces of stone. You look at marble, you you look at the Vatican, all its all that stuff, they say it's priceless. That ain't priceless. This is priceless. I mean, the redeemed of the Lord are priceless. You can't ensure you. &gt;&gt; Only God can ensure you cuz he doesn't run out of funds. But you see there, there's no value you can actually put upon your own soul. &gt;&gt; The, you know, the prophet said your soul is worth more than 10,000 worlds. I don't even know what the monetary value. They don't even know really what the resources in this whole earth are. &gt;&gt; We just dig down. I don't know how far down below the crust. It's not that deep &gt;&gt; really. And we find all this stuff and billions of dollars, all these things. They don't know what's all the way down to the core and the core in terms of valuable minerals and all these things. And God can look down into your life and say, "You're worth more than 10,000 of those things you can't even put a value to." And yet people will stuff a put a few dollars on them and you know dress up this thing and they don't cater to their soul. Come back to the good path, the old path and you'll see the value of your soul. Amen. And then I put here in verse 21 that it shall come to pass that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved. So Peter is saying basically when you see all this happen, call on the Lord. You're in his presence. You see him fulfilling his word. Call on his name then and see what happens. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You see, revelation has prevailing power. &gt;&gt; Those disciples, you know, you're made of the same stuff. Those disciples had a revelation in them. They had Christ in them, the hope of glory, and it gave them overcoming power. God knew what they were going to face from that upper room time. But he had confidence what he had placed in them was greater than anything that the world could put upon them. I tell you as like the prophet says there's nothing with as prevailing power is revelation. Amen. Prevailing power means it's greater. It's stronger. It's bigger. It wins. It comes out packing the victory. That's what revelation does. Amen. And we're not sitting here just with a mental knowledge. No. God's put mighty revelations in you. things that things that Bible schools fuss and argue about for generations. God just opened the message to you, put it in your soul, and God just gave you the right interpretation of the word. You weren't looking for it, but it was looking for you. And then now you could basically go and answer all their questions. &gt;&gt; Well, where did you learn this from? Well, heaven, actually. &gt;&gt; Amen. God gave it to me. And I'm not saying that in a very light way. We should actually reverence &gt;&gt; God, you you opened your heart to me, God. &gt;&gt; Amen. You actually revealed yourself. You became vulnerable to me because you revealed what you really love and what you care about. You didn't give me some facade. God's really revealed himself to us. That's incredible. &gt;&gt; Amen. God, it's given prevailing power of revelation is given to you because he wants that prevailing power to manifest in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. See, the revelation of the seven seals is Christ revealing himself, right? It's not information. I remember actually the first time I listened to the seals, I saw horse riders. I saw tribulation and the two witnesses and all these things. But then the next time, the only thing I saw was the lamb stepping forth to claim me. That's what I saw the second time. I didn't see horse riders. I didn't see the antichrist and all these things. I didn't see that. All I saw was him coming forward to get a hold of me. And what has that done? That's given me prevailing power in my life cuz I realize doesn't matter how bad things get, how trouble thing things are, mind bails forever more. No. If the Lord stepped forth and he's placed his hand on you, place his hand on me saying actually the reason I open the book is for you to realize you're part of me. I've come to get a hold of you through my word. This is what this message does. It's actually like a it's like a hook. It grips the predestinated. Amen. Because it's actually God himself, the logos himself coming down speaking through a prophet office. Amen. To reveal the heart of God to you and I. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's something in us says yes. &gt;&gt; Well, can you work it out? No, I can't work it out. But it's there's something in me says, I feel the pull. I hear the call. I'm coming, Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. So now if if the Lord has put a hand on our lives through his word, he has stepped forth to get me. No devil can stop him doing that. &gt;&gt; Try and get in his way, you get bulldozed, you are cruising for a bruising. Nothing, nothing can stop him. Nothing can stop the Lord. But you see Judas now, he wanted to put a dampener on what Mary was doing. He wanted to create an atmosphere of she's gone overboard. She's gone beyond what's acceptable, but she was anointing him for what he's about to do. And I think we should be very much in that kind of frame of mind with praise and thanksgiving. Lord, you've given us a standard of you dwelling in all the people. It's not just in the pulpit, but it's in the pew. God lives in the old, the young, men, women, boys and girls. That's what God wants. Amen. But you see that that that that spirit of Judas, that antichrist spirit wants to stop that from taking place. But now we're going to talk about the old paths. Here's the original path. This is the old way. It's very simple because Peter was preaching there and he and then prick their hearts. Men and brethren, what shall we do? And he says very simply, repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost for the promise unto you and to your children, although that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. This is this is the this is the old path. This is the path that works. You know, the good the great physician handed down a prescription to Dr. Peter on the day of Pentecost and he gave he gave the medicine that will cure every problem. And so now the people that heard Peter preach, they're asking, "What can we do to get this prescription?" And Peter said, "This is the prescription. This is the remedy for the problem of you're just here." Because remember, remember those outside the upper room, they were just traditionally they were Pentecostal people. They had come to the feast of Pentecost. They weren't there for the fulfillment of the scripture. But when they saw the scripture be fulfilled, then Peter gave them the prescription. This is how you become part of the fulfillment of the word. And then so what did it do? He wrote out a prescription and that prescription is an eternal prescription. It will give you rest for your soul. Amen. It's the old as our opening scripture was ask for the old paths where is the good way and walk therein and you shall find rest for your souls. Now there is I don't want to I I don't want to be negative for a bit but I just want you to think about these things. people people have have changed that prescription down through the ages where where many Christian denominations today they have no assurance that they're saved. They have no rest for their souls. They need to somehow work their way into heaven. Catholics, Jehovah's Witness, Mormon, many other denominations, it's all about good works. And have I done enough to merit entrance into heaven? We don't merit nothing. We don't have to earn it. He's given it freely. Amen. It's just medicine. Just take it. Take this gospel and you'll become fine. Amen. Don't just don't just well find a substitute around it. No. You just walk in this old path and you'll find that it works. Because when the Lord Jesus came, God tested this prescription upon himself before he gave it out. Amen. He didn't just test or theorize it, then give it out and see what it would happen. He He tested it himself. &gt;&gt; Amen. He went down to the River Jordan. He's filled with the fullness of God. What what happened? He received the Holy Ghost without measure. Okay? And then he proved it. Does this medicine work? Well, he came against tradition. It conquered tradition. Amen. He came against culture. It sure conquered that one. It came against unbelief. It didn't hinder him. I mean, because you got to realize when you take a when you take a medicine, you take a vaccine, I trust that's not a dirty word here. You know what does it do? It actually stimulates an immune response within you. Amen. That when you come in contact with it again, your immune system says, "I've seen that before." And it can take it out. Right? Now, spiritually, we have our immune system was actually dead, but now it's come alive because the Holy Ghost is our spiritual immune system. I mean that's really God has come into our spirits that when a foreign object that doesn't belong in us that's there actually to destroy us comes in. I mean what happens is our immune system of the Holy Ghost comes to life and it says I've seen this before. I've already conquered it. Now I'm going to conquer it in you. Sure you may have some symptoms. You may have a bit of a fever. Now I'm talking spiritually now. Okay. I'm using natural to parallel, right? But surely you may have a fever. You may have a mind better. You may have a troubled spirit. You may have these things. But the reason there is actually a trouble. you haven't just gulped it down like you did before you met the Lord. It's cuz there's now a resistance. Now there's antibodies of the Holy Ghost coming out. Amen. And waring against the spirit saying you're not welcome here. Amen. No, this is my temple. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. So now when the Lord Jesus was here, Amen. He, you know, it conquered in him. It proved it doesn't matter what reputation you have, it'll conquer that reputation. Remember Jesus was born with a with a bad name. And they said, "Well, Mary was impregnated by a soldier and Joseph's not his father." And of course, I don't think when Mary uh when Jesus was born, he did he did not look like Joseph. He didn't look look like Mary either. He was God, right? And normally, especially the firstborn, sorry, Analise, looks very much like the father. But that's proof that the child's his, right? But then when Mary had it, didn't look like Joseph. So he had to but the the toxine the revelation of who he was overcame that it overcame religious tradition. It overcame people trying to entangle him in his words try and stop him preaching stop him. Even when his own disciple Peter said you know Lord you can't go to Calvary. It conquered that. Get behind me Satan. He saw the the he saw the anointing upon Peter was not Peter. It wasn't God. It was the enemy trying to stop the whole thing. Amen. And then what it do? That that same prescription overcame um overcame superstition, overcame the wrong interpretation of what the Messiah should be. They thought the Messiah would be a mighty general who would raise an army and start a revolution, drive the Romans out. That toxine, I mean, that prescription stopped them getting swept up in what the world thought he should be. &gt;&gt; Hello. Does it? I trust you can you can look at it the same thing. The world wants to shape a Christian a certain way. &gt;&gt; Just be a good person. &gt;&gt; Be a good boy. Just behave. That ain't Christianity. That's just being a good per That's just part of that's just being a decent human being. Christianity is not just filling a pew and being a good person conforming to a culture. No, Christianity is real. It's rugged. Amen. God reveals himself. He wants to take you on adventures. prove his word. Amen. It's not just some suburban box living in a box all the same. That's why, you know, they say out in the church world out there, they say men are leaving Christianity cuz they find it boring. Cuz it's been feminized. Just be a good person. Like the school system making, oh, all boys are naughty. No, not all boys are naughty. Boys are boys. They've got allowed to be boys. You can't make them girls. They're boys. Amen. So, they've got energy. They want to they they look at things differently. They're more boisterous and all these things. That's a good thing. All the boys said, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Good. We've got a few here. You know, but they see they said, "But but but but the church world has made it boring to be a Christian." It ain't boring. It's a glorious thing. &gt;&gt; I mean, God wants you out of your comfort zone. He He stirs up the nest. He says, "Come fly with me. I'll prove my word in your life." Don't just sit back and just be a conformed to a, "Oh, I go to Shikina Tabernacle." That's got nothing to do with it. I'm going to conform. Oh yeah, I just fit in with the groupy. No, it's an individual walk. Amen. But the son of predition wants to keep you as part of the groupy. But God wants you to be sure part of the body, but walk with him. &gt;&gt; There's a big difference. I trust that all came out okay. God wants to walk with you. Don't just sit back. This is not a time to sit back and say, "Well, oh, what should I do?" No. Put a foot forward. God will direct your steps. Let him live in your life. Have a burden for souls. Amen. Have a desire to see, God, I want to see this message live. Amen. Praise the Lord. You see, so and then and then of course this prescription, he went to Calvary and before that he said, "I'll show you what the prescription says. No man take my life from me. I lay it down. I'll pick it up again." And he did. Amen. That prescription made him overcome death, hell, and the grave and rise up victorious. And then once he had proved it in its completeness, he says, "No, I'm going to send it down upon the church." Amen. I'm going to I'm going to send this way upon the church because I know it works. I'm not It's not some marketing, you know, ploy to twist things to make it appear like it's better than it is. No, it is what it is. Amen. He sent it down into the disciples, those men and women, the 120. Amen. And it begin to spread and they begin to find what did it do? It changed cows into into courageous men and women. Amen. Where Peter buckled at the testimony of a couple of women by a fire. I mean, he boldly stood there and said, "No, we will not stop preaching in the name of Jesus Christ. Should we obey man or God? You tell us what we should do." I mean, it gave them a boldness. And you know what's amazing? When the enemy put pressure upon them to make them stop preaching, made them kind of settle down and kind of hide in the shadows. They had a prayer meeting cuz they knew that this that this prescription works. Amen. And they had a prayer meeting and God came and shook the place. Amen. And God filled them with boldness and their immune system just got stronger because of the persecution. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I trust you find the same thing in your life. You haven't got weaker, you got stronger. Amen. Spiritually stronger. What you are now, you're way stronger than what you were in the beginning. Why? Because your immune system is be spiritually become stronger, more rugged and robust. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. But you see what happens is many many quack doctors have changed the prescription. And a quack doctor is a fraudulent or ignorant pretender of medical skill. Someone who claims to have knowledge or qualifications they do not possess. That's a quack doctor. Someone who just pretends to yes I'm a doctor. I've got some things. But they're not qualified. You say, "Well, what kind of qualification should we have?" The qualification we should all have and must have is a burning bush experience. Amen. Brother Ram said that you can't call yourself a Christian without that kind of experience where you've know you've met God. Amen. No one can stand behind the pullpit without a burning bush experience because once you've had a burning bush experience and that burning that flame of God comes into you and then it spreads all to everyone around you creates an atmosphere of God. Amen. That if they want it they'll fall into it. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, I've never seen a bush on fire." I'm not talking about having the same exact experience. But whatever happens to you, you know something's happened. Amen. Because the Bible says by their fruits you shall know them. That's what Jesus said. Not by their words, not by what they profess, but the life that they live. Amen. Is a vindication. They've had a burning bush experience. Amen. When you come in contact with the living God, you'll live a different life. Amen. The word will live out of you. Your attitude will change. Your appetite will change. Your your nature will change. God will do a great work. But you see quack doctors just say, "Well, no, just just say a sinner's prayer. Just come and shake the hand of the preacher." That's a quack doctor. That does not produce a Pentecost. Even says here, we'll go here. This is in Ezekiel. Her priests have violated my law, have profaneed my holy things. They have put no difference between the holy and the profane. Neither have they showed the difference between the unclean and the clean. and they have hid their eyes from my Sabbaths and I am profaneed among them. This is what happened. This is what has happened today. There's no difference between holy and profane. It's all come all the same. The church world has done this. They because they've tampered with the prescription where God changes a life. They don't it doesn't change no more. They act the same, dress the same, do the same things. They come to church, they have a religious way of doing things, but that's it. There's no change of life. There's no change of heart. Why? Because the prescription was tampered with to try and make it more palatable. Because we know medicine does not taste yum. This medicine requires a death to self. &gt;&gt; Requires a real repentance. And repentance is not saying sorry. That's just cuz you got caught. True repentance say Lord change my heart and mind away from sin to you. &gt;&gt; That's what real repentance is. Amen. So there's no different see from see it's changed from a genuine repentance I mean just to saying well I'm sorry that's that's a quack doctor a quack drugist that's changed to just sprinkle babies when they're born shake the hands of the preacher repeat a sinner's prayer join a church or it's even come to a conforming to a message Christian culture that's a quack drugist a quack doctor it's you saying people say, "Well, I believe the Bible. I believe the message. The devil does the same thing." You're just on the same category as Satan. It's got to be more than that. Sorry, J. It says in James, you believe in one God. &gt;&gt; You do. Well, the devil also believes and trembles. &gt;&gt; So, you just on his part. We're not meant to be on par with the devil. We're meant to be where Christ is, &gt;&gt; right? So, it's more than just having a mental recognition. Yes. You know, Brother Bram, if you ever hear him, he speaks against creeds and dogmas. Who's heard that? Amen. &gt;&gt; A creed is just a formal profession of faith. &gt;&gt; So if you say, "Well, I believe William Brown's Malachi 4 and I believe the message is the true revelation of the Bible and I believe we've been turned to the hearts of the fathers." That can just be a creed. &gt;&gt; If it's not living, it's just saying a creed. &gt;&gt; Even people say, "Well, I believe every word he says." That is still Wait, I'm I'm pressing the wrong thing. There's quack drugists out there that say just say you believe the message and you've got eternal life. The devil believes it. He was there service after service, prayer line after prayer line, being cast out, being exposed. He knows the power of God. Doesn't save him. And it says here in the token, don't just come this far and say, I believe the message. You obey the messenger. Come into Christ. You say, well, I believe every word you um I believe every word said, brother Bram. That's good, but that's just being able to read. But a quack drugist will say, "Just say you believe every word and you've got it." It's more than that. There's got to be a manifestation of that revelation. &gt;&gt; Right? There's got to be a reality. Take the message into your heart that you must have the token, the very life that was in Christ being you. When I see that, I'll pass over you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You see, this is this is sadly what's been going on. And then it's become so diluted down because you know holy to be holy if you if we go back there to be holy means to be separated to God. That's what holiness is. God has separated you unto himself. Okay. But it's come down to such a point that there's no, you know, they said, "Who cares about denomination? We believe all in the same Jesus. Let's just let's just all rally together and we're going to make the world Christian again." That's a trap. That's a trap. Remember the son of predition is in the temple of God showing himself as God and is worshiped as God. We read that in 2 Thessalonians. So the devil puts himself forward and people think they're worshiping Jesus Christ, but they're actually worshiping Satan because of false doctrine and tradition. That's a big stomach full, but sadly that's the case. You see, it's a trap. See, we got to realize, no, God has separated us unto his word. Amen. that see see there is a difference between the between the holy and the profane or the clean and the unclean. And it says also and I've um and and they have hid their eyes from my Sabbaths. What's a Sabbath? It's rest. And the true Sabbath is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We enter into rest. So they've hid their eyes from from actually what the Sabbath is. And because they've done that, you know, because if their eyes are open, if you really realize, God really changes people. God really trans their eyes from the Lord's Sabbath, the Lord's rest, and they've allowed all these things to happen. But I'm so thankful that this that the great eternal prescription, it's hard to die, but you got to die out. You can't just say, "I was raised in the message, therefore I'm a believer." There's got to be a time when you lay your life down. We say, "Lord," you say, "Well, what do I need to repent from?" Say, "God, change my heart and my mind to you. &gt;&gt; Turn my heart, Lord. Turn my thinking, Lord. Change me, Lord." Amen. It works. &gt;&gt; Peter said, "No uh need of me writing out four or five prescriptions. I just need to write out one for you and your children and your children's children, them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." He said, "It won't do to write anymore. I'll write one eternal prescription for you. He said, "Repent every one of you. Be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall be inoculated. For the promise is unto you and to your children, to them that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." Yes, brother. We've got bal and Gilead. We got doctors. Then why is the people in the condition they are today? It's because they refuse to take it. That's all. We got doctors. We've got the prescription. We've got the toxin that kills sin, that heals the body, that makes a new creature in Christ Jesus. But it's the people that don't want it to take it. They don't want they don't want the price. He says people are afraid of the new birth. He says even bre tabernacles got to that plate. They're afraid of the new birth. But it's essential. &gt;&gt; We have the prescription of the word. &gt;&gt; We've seen it prove itself time and time again in this day. Amen. We don't have a quack prescription. You know, we have a genuine prescription. But if you if people tamper with, oh, you know, I heard someone say, "Oh, people are coming to church, therefore, no, this is not here. Somewhere else. Oh, but these people are coming to church, therefore they're they're fine." And they're living in sin, drinking, all the they're they're bound by all these things. I feel sorry for them. But the but the doctors changed the prescription and is happy just with them coming to church. That's such a sad thing. We never want to be just satisfied with people coming in these doors. We're only satisfied when people come into Christ because that's when they're home free. Say, "Well, they're on their journey." I'm not satisfied with people just being on a journey. I want them in the city of refuge. I want them safe and secure for eternity. That's what I'm interested in. If you're on your journey, good. But just keep running. Don't stop. I mean, don't just stop at being a good person. Don't just stop at being even being baptized. No. Rest when you meet him. He's changed your life. And then you'll find overcoming power come into you and you'll be victory after victory. But you're home safe and secure. Amen. I'm I won't be too much longer. I mentioned this on Wednesday where Jesus was was brought to him a woman caught in adultery. And then so now the now here's the woman, here's the Lord Jesus, here's her accusers. And it's interesting, they don't bring the man, but they just bring the woman. And the law says meant to bring both. They just brought the woman. And then and then um you know they begin to challenge the one who actually gave the law on Sinai was now in flesh and they were challenging him about this and he just started writing in the sand. So So what he started doing he started writing to me he started writing all of their sins and their book of life and what they had done because it said from the oldest to the youngest they dropped their stones cuz their conscience gripped them and they all left. And then finally it came to this scene where where Jesus lifted himself up and saw none but the woman said unto her, "Woman, where are those thine accusers? Hath no man condemned thee?" Um and she said, "No man, Lord." And Jesus said unto her, "Neither do I condemn thee. Go and sin no more." So she's been freed. She's now walking in forgiveness. And then I was mentioning about how imagine if she ran into her accusers in the marketplace. Now we got to realize, isn't it amazing when you read the gospels? The more Jesus did, the more the Pharisees, scribes hated him. It didn't actually change their hearts to say, "Hey, this is God." That just made them more mad. And that's what this son of predition, this a religious spirit does. It doesn't want God to fulfill his word. And so, so here and so what so, so, so these ones that dropped their stones, sure, their conscious was, man, this guy knows my life. But they are too angry. they're too proud to accept the fact that, you know, they were wrong and and and and he was right. So, it just would have produced a resentment and an anger and actually a jealousy because that religious spirit is always jealous. It's never happy for anyone. Cain was jealous of Abel. He killed Abel. There's jealousy all the way down through the scripture. Jealousy is a horrible thing. And so these, you know, these these men with this religious spirit, all they wanted to do was destroy. You even read in John chapter 12, Lazarus has been raised from the grave and they're actually having meetings. How can we kill Jesus and Lazarus? Crazy. But this is what this spirit does. You know, I can see you're all listening to me right now. You know, they were they they were so angry. This is what this jealous religious spirit does. Now, this woman would have met them in the marketplace. They would have bumped into each other and they wouldn't have just hung their head in shame and walked away. There would have been a real hatred against her because here she is. She's been forgiven by the Lord. Not a prophet, not a priest, but the God prophet. Amen. The God who gave the law on Sinai was now pronouncing mercy to her saying, "Neither do I condemn thee. Go and sin no more." And so she walks with this knowledge, the Messiah, because she says um she says, "No man, Lord." Verse 11, that word Lord means supreme one. So she realized the law the lawgiver had pronounced her innocent. Praise God. So she's carrying this now. But you see what happens is a jealous spirit will try and make someone feel guilty because they're free. And so there they would have been angry and resentful at her and they would have tried to intimidate her to try and stop her being happy she had been forgiven. What a crazy thing. But this is what the spirit does. It doesn't want people It doesn't want people to enjoy their freedom. Who's ever come in I'm sure we've all come in contact with believers like that. Sadly, God does something for you. God answers a prayer. Maybe a family member comes home. Maybe God gives a job or finances or whatever more. And it's like, where'd that come from? Well, it was just God. And you feel guilty for actually being happy about it and testifying about it because a jealous spirit's there against you making you feel bad. I'm sure we've all been there. So this woman, no, these men were still trying to control her life by their jealousy. They wanted her to feel bad that she could not enjoy what God had done for her. And this is what a jealous spirit does. It actually makes a person God has blessed, touched, changed, provided for feel bad. and guilty for what God has sovereignly given to them. Jealous people are only happy when others who are struggling or suffering. They are only happy when people are basically man their life has gone bad. That's a jealous spirit. They're happy for those they seem to be so friendly and warm because you're suffering. But then when God does something for you, well that's not fair. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, you think you at least passive aggressive kind of barbs come out of them instead of just let's rally around this and celebrate. Let's be happy God did something. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. That's how I feel. God answers prayer. Thank you, Lord. I'm happy I can hear this. I'm happy I can be part of just enjoy it with you that God's done a work. But a jealous person is not happy about that. They want everyone to be on the same same level. So now this woman had a choice. She had a choice. You always have two choices when a jealous spirit comes against you. You can either come under the effect of that jealous spirit like maybe you know maybe this is just me but I just want to put it in. Okay, maybe so here's the first scenario. She's at the marketplace. She sees the men that dragged her to the feet of Jesus and you can see they're just angry. They just may be staring at her just mad and you know and then what does that cause? that jealous spirit comes to her and it brings into her mind all that she ever did. Cuz God allows us to remember. And God allows us to remember not to make us feel bad, but to to to actually make us realize we're not that person anymore. That's why the memory can still be there as we realize. It's not that you're not forgiven or it's not that you're still under that. No, it's the fact I was once that but now I'm free. Okay. So, she had a choice. She could either, you know, come under the impact of those memories and then what she what and and then what she would have done become more religious. Well, yes, I guess I was that and I've got to, you know, these are the religious people and they, you know, they're angry and I just got to try and make a peace. So, I'm just going to come under their their anger in a way. I'm just become more pious and just, oh yes, and this is what I was. And God doesn't want us to be like that. God wants us to proclaim it. I'm free. I'm free. I'm free. Like the soldier boy. You You all know that testimony. You know, it was, you know, we should we should have such a joy. What I was bound in, I've been loosed. But that religious spirit tries to push a damper and you know, then she would have, you know, started going to synagogue again, sitting in the back because her past and what she did and all these things. And what's happened is she's become this false contrite religious person because of their jealousy. So that's the first scenario. Can anyone see that? You know, you get happy, someone's not happy with you cuz you're not cuz they're not enjoying victory like you do. You know, you can either come under their grumpiness. I'm not pointing at you, Josh. I'm just, you know, not pointing. They say, you know, you can either come under their grumpiness and say, "Well, I actually shouldn't feel happy." or you can be happy. So there's the first scenario. The second scenario is she's walking with the revelation, I'm free and forgiven. And then she comes into the marketplace. Then she sees these angry men and this hatred that she's feeling. And so she could either let it rule her or she could actually just within herself say, "No, I I denounce this in the name of Jesus Christ. I'm not going to let this thing rule me when the master came and set me free. Amen. You don't like it. I'm free. &gt;&gt; Amen. You're not happy. Tough. She She could have said, "Now, that doesn't mean you get hard and callous because that's another thing the devil wants us to become is that we become indifferent because we're trying to defend ourselves against attacks." No, that's that that is not what we should do. That's that's the effect of this Judas spirit cuz he wants to keep us in a way that we're still affected but it's just actually just a wall goes up and we become hard. Thanks be to God. You got to realize who freed her. I think it's what she was carrying. Jesus freed me. Jesus freed me. I was going to die but now I'm living. Why am I living? He He allowed me to live. &gt;&gt; He said, "No, I don't condemn you. Go and sin no more." And something in me just said, "This is God &gt;&gt; talking to me. This is actually the heart of God coming to me saying, "No, you're free. You don't have to live under this." And who cares what the religious people do? He cares who cares what the religious message people do. &gt;&gt; Walk in freedom. &gt;&gt; Amen. Don't let nothing steal your joy. &gt;&gt; If people are jealous of you, it's not your fault. Okay? You are not the reason that they're jealous. They're jealous because they're jealous. Okay, all these spirits will come and try us, but you got to be able to withstand that thing and keep walking in the love of the Lord. Okay, I'm nearly done. Just like there's always a question. Oh, wait, wait. We're here. Okay, brother Rams asked this question in the lamb and the dove. Brother Brandham, what's the way back to the oldfashioned meetings where you anoint the word for what it's about to do? Just become lambs again. That's all. Just go back to being sheep. The dove hasn't gone very far. He's just waiting a chance to get back. That's the road back to Isusa Street. There's the place back. Back to the Isusa Street meetings again. Is a return to a lamb nature again. That's the only Now, I'm just going to put this out there because people get offended by some kind of quotes like this. Oh, we're not going back to Isusa Street. To me, Isusa Street was God came and took over the people and did what he wanted to do. At that time it was a restoration of the gifts. Now we have the full word come open. Right? So so Isaiah Street before it denominated it was God ruling that place. Amen. Should it not be the same now? Don't we want the old-fashioned meetings again where God just takes over from the pulpit down to the nursery and back into the fellowship hall and God just rules. &gt;&gt; And you say, "Well, what happened in church say?" I don't know. I was just so lost in his spirit. God just come and took over and God just moved and God touched me and and sovereignly he healed this person and God began to speak to lives and people were set free. Who wants that? &gt;&gt; Amen. So the road back to this is just become a lamb again. So if you're the woman who's just being forgiven in John 8, don't don't come under a religious jealousy and don't come under the fact of just being hard against people. Just walk in the love of the Lord because this is the only condition you can be in to walk the old paths. To walk that place of a rest for your soul is you must be a lamb to walk this old path. I mean you cannot be a patched up wolf nature. You've got to have a lamb nature. It's the only way we can walk this path. Why? Because to walk on this path is just you and Jesus. And like walks with like. When I was when I was with Christina and we're in the Krueger, I never saw a lion sitting down with a zebra and it'd be happy. They are different natures. Okay? You saw a pride of lions together. You saw some giraffes, you saw the hippos, you you know, you saw them because they are the same nature. Okay? And it's the same thing on this old path. It's the it's it's you and the Lord and he's the lamb of God. Okay? So in order for you to walk on this path, we need that same nature. Amen. And so and what does the inoculation, the prescription do? It gives you a lamb or a dove nature to walk this old path. Praise the Lord. Let's have the musicians this morning. This prescription works if that's all you get out of this. And so summary, let's just go back to this picture. Oh, wait. Somehow we'll get technology or I'm just driving one screen. Okay. In summary, don't let a religious spirit try and dampen what you're about to do by anoint, you know, by you anointing the word for what it's about to do. Don't let a Judas rise all this indignation and saying, "How dare you?" And we're going to keep it all the status quo and all these things. Don't let him do that to you. Amen. Because Mary to me, she was walking. Did it again. She was walking the good way, the old way. Stay on that path and have it in your heart. Lord, your prescription works. The daughters of our people are not slightly healed with a false peace. God gives a peace that passes all understanding. When God heals something, it's gone. Okay? So, don't let don't let that kind of religious spirit try and stop what God wants you to do, which is anoint the word and praise and thanksgiving for what he's about to do and what he's doing. Okay? So, let's stand, shall we, this morning. Amen. I got a I got a song here. There's a New Testament church rising up. I believe we've actually come back to the standard. I believe personally I believe we've come back to the standard of what the church was at Pentecost. God and his people, right? But we cannot let it diminish from that. It should just get greater. Amen. I trust that's okay. I believe we're there. If God's in you, you're you're there. Okay. Amen. Let's let's give this a go. As I look out across the land, I see God's mighty hand, the bride of Christ adorned in a wedding gown. Just like in the days of old, they stood in courage and turned the whole world upside down. Oh, rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up, rising up, rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Now, the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. Demon spirits were cast down in the jail. This demon shel rising up, rising up. The New Testament church rising up, rising up, rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. If you think it's all gone, the days of miracles are done. I have some good news to bring to you. In this last days, God will pour out his spirit more and more like a mighty strength here with you. Rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Rising up. Rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising, rising up, rising up. There's a New Testament. Let's say verse one. As I look out across the land, I see God's mighty hand, the bride of Christ adorned in a wedding gown. Just like in the days of old, they stood in courage bold and turned the world upside down. Rising up, rising up, rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up, rising up, rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up [Music] and plainly saved. Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hand. Demon spirits were cast out in the jail. They sing and shout while surrounded by God's holy angel man. Oh, rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. If you think it's all long gone, the days of miracles are done. I have some good news to bring to you. [Music] In this last days, God will pour out his spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength he'll renew. Oh, rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. Yes, rising up. Says the New Testament church rising up. We're rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. We're rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Hallelujah. You're rising up. God's rise. Who's rising you? God's rising you above all principalities, powers, demons, and high places. Amen. He's placing them under your feet. all skepticism, doubt, and all those things under your feet in Jesus Christ's name. What's he replacing it with? Faith, revelation, peace, love, joy. Amen. Knowing who you are in this day. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer. Amen this morning. Hallelujah. Gracious father, we want to thank you, Lord. Your prescription works. Glory. So thankful, my God. Hallelujah, Lord. Thank you, Lord. You left us with a restored word, with a true message, dear God, that gives us the restoration back of the right prescription that inoculates from sin, from unbelief, sorrow. It inoculates from all things, my God. We thank you for this, Lord Jesus. That truly your word gives us the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Thank you for this, my God. I just want to commit everyone here into your hands, Lord Jesus. Anyone here, Lord God, who has not taken that prescription, has not met you, my God. Father, I pray you'd stir them up, Lord. Father, may you put such a longing in their hearts, my God, may they not rest until they've given all that they are, Lord Jesus, into your hands. And may you fill them. May they know, Lord, whatever the experience is, Lord, that's up to you. But may they know that they have been met by the master, that the Lord Jesus has changed them. And may they see you living in their lives in a very real way. Granted, dear God, we love you, Lord. We pray father you Lord we we would withstand every jealous spirit, every religious spirit dear God and we would not allow it either to make us hard or callous against anyone but may we stay as lambs Lord Jesus that lamb nature we want to see oldfashioned meetings Lord God we want to see the power of God move Lord you would anoint your word to our hearts dear God revelation upon revelation would be anchored into our souls dear God may you grant it father in Jesus Christ's name we love you Lord we thank you for this morning amen Amen. Amen. God bless you friends. Amen. You want to listen a song? You want to [Music] Hey, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It was good for Paul and Silas. It was good for Paul and Silas. It was good for Paul and Silas. And it's good. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. And it's good enough for me. It makes me love everybody. Makes me love everybody. Makes me love everybody. And it's good. Give me those. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion and it's good enough for me. It will take us all to heaven. It will take us all to heaven. It will take us all to heaven. And it's working now in me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion and it's good enough for me. It will make you stop your lying. It will save you when you're dying. It will stop the devil flying and it's good enough for me. And it's the old time Holy Spirit and the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. And it's good enough for me. And it's so good I want no other. For it makes me love my brother. And it brings him undercover. And it's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. And it's good. One more time. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion and it's good enough for me. Amen. Amen. Give me that that old time religion. Amen. That's the that's what we that's the real deal. Amen. I like that song, but man, you get exhausted by the end of it. There's like nowhere to breathe. That's just verse verse first verse. We should rewrite it to give it a bit of like little bit of breathing room. Okay. How are you? You good? Ready? &gt;&gt; Today, can we can you all come up the front today because I want to make it feel like you're actually going to be doing a special, but the words are on here. Okay, we got words up here. Okay, so uh just come up the front. What we're going to do is we're going to run through the song. Uh, let's go through it twice real quick. The whole thing we'll do. [Music] No matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told. No matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look When it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelu on the altar. He's a mcle. He's a mcle working God. He's a mcle. He's a mcle. He's a mal. He's a mcle. He's a mcle. He's a miracle. working. God, a miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, [Music] I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar.
