################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - 2304-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Jimmy Pezoa - Jimmy Pezoa - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   2304-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Jimmy Pezoa
Speaker: Jimmy Pezoa
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGt8A5BVXsU
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] you. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you all. Welcome to church this evening. Amen. Good to be here. Good to have the sound [Music] back. How are you all doing? Ready to praise the Lord? You feeling good? Someone posted about the pope past dying. And I think it was just a muggy. Yeah. And um they got different news articles on them. Now, this isn't I guess this isn't it's not really funny, but No, it's not funny at all. It's interesting how these things are taken from a a Catholic point of view because I um saw a news article about the pope which you would suspect should have had a glorious leaving from this world to the next, you know, if you looked at it that way. and you know that the Lord's there to meet him and those sorts of things. That's that's the way that a a Christian should pass over. You know, it's a peaceful experience when you pass from this world to the next, the Lord's waiting there to carry you across. And um Brother Brandon would often reference, you know, people that weren't saved or they thought they were and they weren't. at the end think they would see horrible things and they would realize that, you know, they they were lost and they would have a different experience than what a a born again believer should have when they come to the river. Um, and I read a there was a news article and it said that maybe it was the night before he passed away. It said he had to be sedated because he was screaming, "Get these evil, I use a swear word, but illegitimates off me." Meaning all these demons. And it says, they said, "As a portal to hell opened up at the end of his bed, you know, so that I don't think they're realizing that those things are there to get to take him to his final resting place, you know." So they sedate the guy so he can't to to stop the torment happening. But it's a vastly different experience than I think what Paul experienced when he passed on. He said, "Lord, I've I've fought a good fight. I've kept the faith. Now, Lord, receive me." And and I guess yeah, it people can it gets serious when we at the end of our road. I've always thought that, you know, I think I try and keep myself sober in times and think, Lord, imagine myself being at the end of the road and how would I think there and I want to think like that now. You know, that's how we think soberly cuz cuz the Bible tells us to to think soberly. You know, we can get carried away in life and and almost detach ourselves from a lot of things, but we we've got to think soberly. And I think, Lord, okay, well, the soberest I'll probably ever be is when I'm at that point where I'm going to cross from this world to the next, that's the time where everything there's only one thing that matters there. All the other lot a lot of things won't matter there. You know, there many many things will not matter at all there. And I think Lord, I want to I want to keep focus on the things that will matter there. I want to keep focused of them when I'm here like living now. That's what I want to focus on here and make sure that I keep those things. So yeah, I don't know why I said that, but it was just it struck me when I read that statement, you know. Um let's stand tonight and we'll just commit the service to the Lord. And I believe we're in for a good time. I always appreciate um Brother Jimmy's ministry and I do believe he has a ministry. I believe he's got a gift. So, we're in for a if we will pull on that, the Lord will speak to us um this evening. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you that we can be here, Lord. And we thank you that we know you, Lord, and we know you in the power of your resurrection, Lord, that when we come to that place to cross from this world to the next, we know, Lord, that the there'll be the angels surrounding us, Lord, and you'll be there to meet us, Lord Jesus. And we just thank you Lord that we have this blessed hope Lord and the the great presence your spirit that we feel Lord when we come and worship you and that we we feel inside of us is the same presence that's going to meet us Lord on that day Lord when we draw our final breath Lord if the we should go before the rapture Lord that you'll meet us there I'm glad we don't have to have this May that not be true Lord what that pope went through there Lord we don't we don't desire that anyone would perish Lord that but that all would have everlasting life, Lord. If there's anything in us that would be happy, Lord, to see a just a human being, Lord, go through any sort of misery, then we have the wrong spirit about us. But Lord, we also know that that when time's up, we can't pray for that person anymore. Lord, it's it's been done. So, we thank you for this time tonight that we can, Lord, come to you while we're living, while we've got breath, while we've got hope, and we can worship you, Lord Jesus. So, we just want to worship you tonight. May you bless the songs and bless the um ministry tonight. We just want to um draw on your gift, Lord, that you have placed amongst us and bless the brethren that couldn't come tonight, too. We just pray in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. The first song we're going to sing is, "Oh, yes. We're looking for a city." We'll start with the chorus. Am I really loud or is that just Am I loud? I know, man. I'm like echoing in the whole building. Maybe just down a couple of notches, bro. It's all quite nice hearing your voice really loud, but it's after a while you're like, man, it's like when when you song lead and preach, not going to lie to you, by the time the song leading finished, you're tired of hearing the sound of your own voice and then you got to preach for another hour. Don't like doing that. Oh yes, we're looking for a city where we'll never die. Never the same. Never say goodbye. There we need our savior and our loved ones [Music] too. Come now, Holy Spirit. Come. All ours renewed. Here among the shadows, living in the lonely land with strangers, we're a band of pilgrims on the moon. Though danger down with sorrows and we're shunned on every hand. We are looking for a city built above. Oh yes, we're looking for a city. Yes, we are. Oh, we'll never die. There the saints. There say goodbye. Oh, and there we meet our savior. Oh, and our loved ones too. Come now our holy spir come all our hopes renew. Here in disappointment often we so sadly roam and earthly friends no longer speak one word of love. But truly we have found contentment Jesus promised us. We are looking for a city built above. Oh yes, we're looking for a city where we'll never [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] die. Say goodbye. I see [Applause] you and our loved ones do come now. Holy Spirit come. All our hopes re you. Oh, in this land of dangers we are going here and there. We simply trust in the blessed Savior's love. [Music] We may be strangers living in this world of care. We're always looking for a city building. Oh yes, we're looking. Oh, for a city where we'll never die. Never [Music] s say goodbye. Wo and meet our savior and our loved ones too. Come now Holy Spirit come all our host. Oh yes, we're looking. Oh, we're looking for a city where we'll never die. There an never say goodbye. Oh, and meet our savior. [Music] and our loved ones too. Come now Holy Spirit, come all our hopes renewed. Amen. Fulfill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly. [Applause] Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Let me walk blessed Lord in the way thou has gone. Leading straight to the land above. Giving cheer everywhere to the sad and the low. Fill my way every day with love. Well, fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly d. Let me go for a while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my savior and guide. Let me never in darkness road. Keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly love, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Soon this race will be your and I'll travel no more. But abide in my home above. Let me sing. Blessed King all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly dove. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with well fill my way. Fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly dove. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day. Listen one more time. Fill my way every day. Well, fill my way every day with love as I walk with a heavenly [Music] love. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. I speak the name of Jesus over you. In your sorrow, in your I will ask my God to move. I speak the name cuz it's all that I can do. In desperation, I'll seek heaven. And I'll pray this for you. I pray for your healing. The circumstances will [Music] change. And I pray that the fear inside will flee in Jesus name. And I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. And I pray for revival, the restoration of faith. I pray that the dead would come alive in Jesus name. In Jesus name. In Jesus name I speak the name of all authority declaring blessings every promise. Being faithful to keep, I speak the name no grave could ever hold. He is gater. He is stronger. He's the God of possible. I pray for your healing. His circumstances would change. And I pray that the fear inside me in Jesus name. And I pray that a break through would happen today. And I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. And I pray for revival, restoration of faith. I pray that the dead would come alive in Jesus name. In Jesus [Music] name. Oh Jesus name. [Music] Come believe it. Come believe it. Come believe it. Come receive it. For the power of the spirit is now forever yours. And come believe it. Come receive it. In the mighty name of Jesus, all things are possible. Oh, I pray for your healing. Circumstances would change. How I pray that the fear inside Jesus name. Now pray that a breakthrough would happen today. How pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. And I pray for revival, restoration of faith. I pray that people come alive. Jesus name. In Jesus [Music] name and Jesus name. [Music] [Music] [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Oh yes, there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. To break every Oh, there is power. There is power. In the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Oh yes, there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every Oh, there's an army. There's an army riseing up. For there is an army rising up. There's an army. There's an army rising [Applause] up. To break every chain. to break every chain. To break every chain. Hard to break every chain. To break every chain. to break every Oh, there's an army. There's an army riseing up. For there is an army riseing up. For there is an army rising up. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every I feel the chains breaking. I feel the chains breaking. Oh yes, I do. I feel the chains breaking. I feel the chains breaking. I feel the chains breaking. I feel the chains breaking. I feel the chains breaking. Cuz there is power. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of [Music] Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain. to break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. There is power. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Almighty God, we want to invite you to our meeting. Lord, we need the chain breaker. Lord, we ask you to be present in this meeting. Musicians are here. Your people is here, Lord. But if you are not here, this is an empty space, Lord. We want to give you thanks for all your blessings, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name, we ask this. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Well, it's good to be back. God bless you, saints. Man, I need to say in everyone's else behalf was an awesome camp. I hope that you could have um stream it. Was beautiful, was very powerful, very gladful being able to be there. Let's open our Bibles in the book of um Numbers chapter 14 and from the verse one we're going to start reading. And the Bible says, "And all the congregation lifted up their voice and cried. And the people wept that night, and all the children of Israel, murmur, murmured, whatever, sorry, against Moses and against Aaron." And the whole congregation said unto them, "Will God that we had died in the land of Egypt? Or will God we had died in the wilderness? And wherefore had the Lord brought us unto this land to fall by the sword that our wives and our children should be a prey, where it not be better for us to return into Egypt. You may be seated. Want to welcome sister Rachel. Amen. So let's talk about this. a murmuring and whining spirit. This message was um chosen by Bella as on Monday. No. Yeah, I think it was Monday. We were in Taranga and Tony's in Sharon's house and I was like, man, I'm preaching on Wednesday and I need something to preach about and she came with a little book and she said, "This one, daddy." So, this is on Bella's behalf. So if you don't like it, you can talk to her. So just let's go back a little bit in the um in the story. Moses, he sended 12 spies to go and see the land. And and we know that 10 of them, they came back with a bad report. It was too difficult. The people was way too strong, way too big, way too powerful. They had wolves, they had warriors. It was impossible. But two of them they came back with a different report. There was a different spirit in them. They came back saying it is doable. We can do it. They remember the Lord that split the sea. They remember the plagues. They remember the power of God. But 10 of them they couldn't remember that. You can see that guy saying, "Man, they're like this tall. They're humongous. They're warriors. We are like grasshoppers. We are nothing. [Music] So the people of Israel says, "And they said one unto another, let us make a captain and let us return into Egypt." They wanted to return because they said, "Man, this is not good." In their hearts, they were still in Egypt. We we will see soon. and says, "Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel." If we go back to numbers um 11, we'll see that Egypt was was still in their hearts. And says, "And the mixed multitude multitude that was among them fall uplasting. And the children of Israel also wept again and said, "Who shall give us flesh to eat? We remember the fish which we did eat in Egypt freely, the cucumbers and the melons and the leaks and the onions and the garlic. But now our soul is dried away. There's nothing at all beside this mana that comes from heaven and is a heavenly food before our eyes. There's just nothing. We just have this mana. We just have this blessing that comes from heaven every single day. But they were not grateful. They forgot about this. They forgot that they were slaves for 400 years. They forgot the whips. They forgot all of that, the whips and everything. They just wanted to go back even though the Lord rescued them. The Bible um says, "And Joshua the son of Nun and Caleb the son of which were of them of the search the land rendered clothed and this spoke unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, The land which we pass through to search it, it is exceeding good land. If the Lord delight in us, then we will bring us to us the land and give it to us a land which flowth the milk and honey. Only rebel not ye against the Lord, neither fear ye the people of the land, for they are bread, they're bread for us, man. Easy peasy. These guys are nothing for us. We have the Lord with us. Their defense is departed from them and the Lord is with us. Fear them not. And all the congregation said, "Amen. We're gonna go and take the land." And all the congregation bed stone them with stones. And the glory of the Lord appear in the tabernacle of the congregation before all the children of Israel. They couldn't believe it. And that's something that always amazed me because probably there was only like a couple of months or weeks since the the Red Sea was split in half. But they couldn't not remember that. They just like the 10 plagues and everything. And they were too scared of the people that were living in the promised land. They forgot about all this. The 10 plagues of blood, the frogs, the lies, flies, pestilence, boils, hail stom, locus, darkness, the death of the frisborn. They could not remember. They diminish the power of God because because it was too hard. And now we have Moses just standing in the gap. This is remarkable. This is man awesome. And you can see here the leadership. God always put a leader, a pastor. And I think it's very important that we respect the leadership there is in church. pastors, deacons, stone leaders, they are there for a reason. And we'll see that the children of Israel, they were they were like um well, the word is not condemned, but it doesn't come to me now to go in the desert for 40 years because they kept like murmuring. They kept just winging. They could not just rest that the Lord was going to deliver them. They just could not. They had to complain. There's going to be a little bit of reading tonight. And English is not my mother tongue. So, Brother Colin, can you see the the scriptures there or should I pick another one? And if you get tired, just give the microphone to brother. Hey Isaac, you have a microphone today. And the Lord said unto Moses, "How long will this people provoke me? And how long will it be if they believe me? for all the signs which I have showed among them. I will smite them with pestilence and disinherit them and will make of thee a great a nation and mightier than they. And Moses said unto the Lord, then the Egyptians shall hear it, for thou broughtest up this people in thine might from among them. Brother Brandham said that Moses stood there in the gap because he was anointing as Christ. He was going to stand there and he was going to intercede for the people, right? And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land. For they have heard that thou thou Lord art among the people. that thou, Lord, art seen face to face, and that thy cloud standeth over them, and that thou goest before them by day, and by and in a pillar of cloud, and in the pillar of fire by night. Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man, then the nations will have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying, Because the Lord was not able to bring this people into the land which he sworeth unto them, therefore he hath slain them in the wilderness. You can see the way that Moses is talking to God and he's telling him to don't do it because God promised to them. Now, if I if that would have been me, I would have say yes, Lord, kill them all. That's why Moses were chosen and not me. That's why we have a pastor. That's why we have leadership in the church and you can say, "Oh, I could done it better. I could do it better." But it is in that moment when you see why that man was chosen because you can see the heart of Moses and carry on. And now I bi beseech thee, let the power of my Lord be greater, according as thou hast spoken, saying, The Lord is long-suffering and of great mercy, forgiving iniquity and transgressions, and by no means clearing the guilty, visiting the iniquities of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation. Pardon, I beseech thee, the iniquity of the people according unto the greatness of thy mercy. And as thou hast forgiven this people from Egypt, even until now. And the Lord said, I have pardoned according to thy word. Amen. But as truly as I live, all the earth shall be filled with the glory of the Lord. Because all those men which have seen my glory and my miracles, which I did in Egypt, and in the wilderness, and have tempted me now, these 10 times, and have not hearkened to my voice, surely they shall not see the land which I saw unto their fathers, neither shall any of them that provoked me see it. But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him, and had followed me fully, him will I bring into the land where into he went, and his seed shall possess it. The Bible saying that Caleb, he had another spirit. I can't say what kind of spirit was, but if everyone was murmuring, he wasn't. So, he was he had a grateful heart. He was thankful with the Lord. He remembered the power of the Lord. And that was that different spirit. And is it this the same one? No. And now I beseech thee, let the power of my law be great according as thou hast spoken, saying, The Lord is longsuffering and of great mercy, forgiving iniquity and transgression, and by no means clearing the guilt, the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers, upon the children, unto the third and fourth generation. Pardon, I beseech thee, the iniquity of this people, according unto the greatness of thy mercy, and as thou hast forgiven this people from Egypt, even until now. And the Lord said, I have pardoned according to thy word. Told you it's going to be a little bit of reading. And the Lord spoke unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying, How long shall I bear with this evil congregation which murmur against me? I have heard the murmuring of the children of Israel, which they murmur against me. Say unto them, As truly as I live, sayith the Lord, as ye have spoken in mine ears, so will I do it to you. Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness and all that were number of you according to your whole number from 20 years old and upwards which have memory against me. The Lord had enough of that thing. So if I can put the ceremony in one phrase is stop murmuring. Probably this ceremony is for no one that's here. probably for someone that's watching online or something. But if if this sermon helps one person, that's awesome. Doubtless, ye shall not come into the land concerning which swore to make you dwell therein, save Caleb, the son of um and Joshua the son of Nun. But your little ones which ye said should be a prey them will I bring him and they shall know the land which ye have despised. But as for you your carcasses they shall fall in the wilderness and your ch and your children shall wander in the wilderness 40 years and bear your widows until your carcasses be wasted in the wilderness. After the numbers of the days in which ye search the land, even 40 days, each day for a year shall ye bear your iniquities, even 40 years, even 40 years, and ye shall know my breach of promise. And I, the Lord have said, I will surely do it unto all this evil congregation that are gathered together against me in the wilderness. they shall be consumed and there they shall die. And the men which Moses sent to siege the land who returned and made all the congregation to murmur against him by bringing him up slander upon the land. Even those men did bring him upon the evil report upon the land die by the plague before the Lord. But Joshua the son of Nun and Caleb the son of which I wear of the men that went to search the land lived still. Now mirroring is a devil music because that kind that can cause a split between us the congregation that can cause a bridge like something that is between you and me because now we're memoring and that's not good. We have this guy that he wants to row his boat, but he is still there's a there's a stick there and there's a rope. So that guy, even if he pulls hard, he's going to be there forever. Amen. Like the people that left Egypt, their hearts were still bound to Egypt. They could not let go. There were slaves in Egypt, but they didn't want to go. That's the same when you don't want to let go the world. We have been chosen to move forward. But if you are still holding the world, we are not going to move. Now murmuring can cause that problem too. Now we have double the power. But what are we doing if we are pulling from different sides? We are not going to go anywhere. And you can pull as hard as you can, but if the other guy is pulling in the wrong direction, you are not moving. You're going to get tired. And we are not going anywhere. Now, this is how it's supposed to be. Beautiful day. We are all pulling to the same side. Amen. Now, if you have a mirroring in the desert experience, am I pronouncing that word wrong? A that's why you guys are laughing. E how you say it? Am I doing good? Good. Okay, you too. We'll see outside. E, if you have that experience, my recommendation is to stop. So you see what happened to the people of Israel in the desert. First Corinthians says um moreover brethren I will not that ye should be ignorant or have all your fathers were under the cloud and all passed through the sea and were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea? And did all eat the same spiritual meat? And did all drink the same spiritual drink? For they drank of the spiritual rock that followed them, and the rock was Christ, but with many of them was not well pleased. For were overthrown in the wilderness. Now these things were our example to the intent we shall not be we should not last after evil things as they also lasted. Neither be ye idolattors of where some of them, as it is written, the people sat down and eat and drink and rose up to play. Neither let us commit fornication, and some of them committed and fell in one day three and 20,000. Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted and were destroy of serpents. Neither memory ye. So some of them also murmured and were destroy of the destroyer. Now all these things happened unto them for example and they were reasoning for our for our admonition upon whom the end of the world are come. They went through that thing for you and me. So we can see what happened to them and say oh man this is what happened to them. Probably you shouldn't do it. The Bible says only one part that that memory was right and we can find that in the book of acts and says and in those days where the numbers of the disciples was multiplied there arose a murmuring of the greians against the Hebrews because their widowed were neglected in the daily ministration. Then the twel called the multitude and of the disciples unto them and said, "It is not reason that we should leave the word of God and serve tables. Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report fully of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business. But we will give ourselves continually to prayer and the and to the ministry of the word and the saying please the whole multitude. There was a need. There was an actual need and was answer and everyone was happy. Now we know people that are quite ungrateful. I'm not looking everyone. I have to look people and there's some people that I really like. That's why I look Jenny all the time. But there are some people there ungrateful people. Now I'm going to show you some conditions of life like a 100 years ago. That's daddy going to work down the mine. You can complain about your job. Pretty sure it's not that bad. That's daddy just doing a quick and short job. Can you imagine how many days they were cutting that thing? Now kids from a school not a school. E they're workers. They were working at the mines. Do you still want that iPhone 14 16A? after look that condition. How can you say that you have a bad life because your mom and dad doesn't want to buy you something? You can say to me, "Oh, but that's like a 100 years ago." Well, that looked more recent. Still the same thing. You should be so grateful for living in the condition that you live in. Keep working. That can be Bella or Ezekiel. Look the condition that the world is going through. That's why we need Jesus. That's why we need him to change this world. Philippians says, "Do all things without murmuring and disputings, that ye may be blameless and harmless, the son of God without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked, impervious nation among who yay shine as light in the world, holding forth the word of life, that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither labored in vain." wanted to write this. Why do people have complexes? Because that's a big reason why some people they like to complain and winge and memor again. One of the cause causes is um an infury complex occurs when the feelings of infur are intensified in the individual through discouragement or failure. Those who are at risk of the developing a complex include people who show signs of a low self-esteem and a self-worth and have low status in their peer group. I'm too fat. I'm too short. I'm too skinny. I'm too white. I'm too brown. That's something that always happened. I like girls that have straight hair. They want to have Kelly here. People that are tall, they don't want to be that tall. People that are sure, they want to be, you know, they say why we just don't be happy with who we are. Now, that house, it's my dream house. The house that I'm living now, it doesn't look like that one. I don't have a lake outside my house. I only need a roof, a bed, and food to eat. And with that, I'm more than happy. If one day I get that house, I'm going to be very happy. Do I need it? I don't need it. That's a dream. And that one, that one is my drinker. Maybe I'm never going to have it, but that's my dream car. Do I need it? I only need a car to move me from p from A to B. That's fleshy fleshy. If one day have it, that going to be very cool. But if I never have it, I'm still going to be happy with the Lord. Now, I'm going to tell you a secret. I'm a short person. I'm I'm 163, which is like 5 nothing or 5.4 something like that. 55 54. We stop there. Now I was even short in Chile because um like the how do you call this thing? Like the average height is like 1.7 was short. When I move here that average probably is like 1.8. The old guys taller than me. Some of the kids are still not but they're going to pass soon. So when I moved here, I mean, let's when I was in high school, I was, you know, all my friends, they started to grow, but I didn't grow. I just stay the same height. And for like two weeks, I felt like, man, I want to be short. But I was like, okay, I'm going to be the short guy. That's fine. It never happened more than that. I didn't allow the devil to like give me like a complex or something like that. That's why I can joke with it. I don't mind. We always joke with our mind like it's just funny. But when I moved here again because all the people are more tall. I was like, man, I'm short again. E. And I was staying with uh at Pedro's house and he used to have chickens and turkeys and he used to feed them really good. So there were fat chicken and fat turkeys. And one day I was looking outside the window and I was like, "Man, I'm feeling short again." I was looking outside. There was this big beards and that black beard. It came to the scene and he just flew in between the chicken and the turkey and stood there carry on flying. Went flying and just disappeared. Now probably this for you it's nothing but I know that God hides in simplicity for me that moment oh boy that was a revelation for me. It was like you know Jimmy there might be some people that are very tall but that little black beard that one can fly and I was like yeah one day I'm going to fly. One day I'm going to get out of here. There might be people that are very tall, they're very big, but they're not going to fly. With that revelation in my heart, now I can joke, you know me, I don't mind if you call me short. And every time I remember that moment now, that could have created a complex in my life because I'm short and I don't want to be seen. And I start hiding. today. But thanks to the Lord, he gave me a grateful heart. So probably this thought wasn't for anyone here. But let's not be ungrateful with what the Lord has given to us. Even the smallest thing, there are some people that they don't have it. There are people living in horrible conditions and we can think that we deserve better but what we have is what the Lord has given to us and he knows way better than us what we can hold. You know probably if the Lord give it too much probably we're going to think that we're at the big thing and and even stop going to church. There are some people that they have plenty of houses and I'm so happy for them. I don't have none. Why should I complain that they have more than one house and I don't have any? That's what the Lord give it to them. Brother Empo has a really big car, a beautiful car. And I'm so happy. And every time that I see his car, I'm like, "Brother Empo, that car is so nice. I'm so happy for my brother. Let's just have the musician. But just remember if you are in that condition, in that murmuring in the desert experience, we should stop that because that can cause a division in the fellowship and that is going to put us in a place like this. where we want to pull to one side, the other one want to pull to the other side and we are not going to get anywhere. So let's just stand this night. Let's just pray. Almighty God, we want to give you thanks for all the things that you gave us, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for the bed that we have and the roof on top of our heads, Lord. Thank you Lord for the food that we have. Thank you Lord for the fellowship that we have Lord. Thank you for this church. Thank you Lord for all your blessings. Thank you Lord for our daughters and our boys Lord. Thank you Lord for the youth. Thank you Lord for the elders Lord in this place. Thank you for our pastor. Thank you for our deacons Lord. Thank you for the preachers. Thank you for our sisters. Thank you for our brothers, Lord. We want to be thankful. We want to have a thankful heart, Lord, that we can go into places and carry a joyful face, Lord, because we are the children of the king. Lord, we want to ask you, Lord, to be with us. And we pray, Lord, that we going to be with us in our way back home. Lord, we ask you this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing. I come before you [Music] today. And there's just one thing that say you're going to help me. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, for all you given to me, for all the blessings that I cannot see. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. With a grateful heart, with a grateful heart, with a song of praise, with an ostrich arm, I bless your name. Thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord, for all you done in my life. Amen. You took my darkness and gave me your light. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. [Music] You took my sin and my shame. You took my sickness and heal all my pain. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. With a grateful heart. With a grateful heart. With a song of praise, with an acri I'll bless your name. Thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, [Music] Lord. Thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Want to turn the meeting to you, Brother Isaac. God bless you. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. You know, it's always good to be grateful and to be thankful. You know, you of you you we get in a little little situations in our life and I I think to myself, you know what? What greater thing could the Lord give me than eternal life? name me anything of a higher value. And he's done that. It's like he doesn't owe me anything. Like he I don't deserve anything more, you know. He's given me the greatest gift that could ever be given me, you know. And that's why Paul says that godliness with contentment is great gain because he said we carried nothing into the world and it's certain we're going to carry nothing out. And you know that's when that scripture came in. If you have food and raignment, let us be content. you know, and it's um yeah, and it changes our life when we're grateful, when we're just we're we're just when you wake up in the morning, you take a breath. You know, you could wake up tomorrow morning and not take a breath or be very hard taking a breath. Imagine if you wake up in the morning, you get to barely breathe and you've got to live a day like that. Wouldn't that be awful? You know, there's an old saying, you don't know what you've got till it's gone. And I I I think, Lord, I never want to get like that. I want to realize what I've got when I've got it. You know, I wake up in the morning and I can breathe and I can jump out of bed and I'm it's I'm so blessed. I'm so grateful. I'm so happy. Amen. Amen. Let's just um let's just sing a few worship songs tonight before we we go. Um it's not a Was tonight a prayer? What was last week? Okay, let's let's just do these. Um let's just do a few songs, just some worship songs tonight, then we'll um close in prayer after that. Let's do I just want to speak the name of Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak the name. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to break. And I'm declaring there is hope and there is freom. I speak Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. And you break every stronghold. You shine through the shadow. Burn like a fire. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all [Music] anxiety to every soul how captive by depression. I speak Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. And you break every stronghold. You break every stronghold. You shine through the shadow. You burn like a fire. Cuz your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. And you break every stronghold. You break every stronghold. You shine through the shadow. You burn like a fire. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is heal. Your name is life. And you break every stronghold. [Music] Shine through the shadow burn like a fire. We're going to shout Jesus from the mountain. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every eny. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over me. I shout Jesus for my family. I speak glory name. Jesus one more time. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the [Music] sea. Jesus in the darkness over every Jesus for my family. I speak the name of Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. And you'll break every stronghold. You break every stronghold. Shine through the [Applause] shadow. Burn like a fire. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. You break every stronghold. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Shine through the burn. You burn like a fire. Cuz your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. And your name is life. You break every stronghold. You break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. [Music] burn [Music] life. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Lord bless you. Lord bless you and keep you and make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. The Lord bless you. Lord bless you. Happy you. Make his face shine upon you and be gracious. [Music] for me [Music] faith [Applause] [Music] and Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. May his favor may his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your children and your children and their children. May his favor, May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his presence go behind you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. be with you in the morning. In the morning and the evening and you're coming and you're going and you're [Music] weing you in the morning, in the morning, in the evening, in your coming, in your glory, in your weeping, and rejoicing here for you in the morning, in the morning, in the evening, in your coming, in your glory, in your weeping and rejoicing. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. for you. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and give Let's just sing that one more time before we um close in prayer this evening. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and give you peace. Sammy, let's just pray this evening. We thank you Lord that your that is your promise to us Lord and that's your heart's desire towards us when you instructed the priests Lord to pray a blessing upon the people you said pray in this manner Lord and and you just wanted you want to bless us Lord you want to turn your faith towards us Lord you want to give us peace and so we receive that into our life Lord we receive your blessing and those things into our life, Lord. And may we may you desire to turn your face upon us, Lord. And and for we know that where you are, there's life, Lord Jesus. So, I just pray a blessing upon each one this evening as they go their way. Lord, I believe your face is turned upon each one here this evening, regardless of what the situation might be. Lord, we are so grateful that your faces turn towards us, Lord, in every situation as that we sung, Lord, in the morning, in the evening, in our coming and our going, and our weeping and our rejoicing. Lord, your face is always towards us, Lord Jesus. So, I just want to pray that and just pray you'll bless each one as they go their way this evening. And I just commit each one to your hands in Jesus name. And I also pray you bless the um circle family too. We always seem to sing that song whenever the um member of the family are here. So we just want to pray your blessing upon that family too, Lord Jesus. And we believe you're working a mighty work. Even when I don't see it, you're working, Lord Jesus. So we just commit um them and commit ourselves to you in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. You're dismissed in Jesus name. [Music] You are here moving in. I worship [Music] you. I worship you. You are here revealing who you are. I worship you. I worship you. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you cuz you are here working miracles. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. Oh, you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here healing every life. I worship you. For I worship you and you are here restoring every life. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You are here. Mending broken heart. Oh, I worship you. Yes, I worship you cuz you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh yes you are. maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You're the way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Even when I don't see it, even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Can never stop. Can never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. Cuz you're the way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, way maker, miracle, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh Lord, you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. You're the way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music]
