################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - 2805-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana - Mpho Nkoana.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-28
Title:   2805-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana
Speaker: Mpho Nkoana
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzdjZu0ruH0
========================================

[Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Every [Music] That's it. [Music] Praise the Lord. Good evening. Was my mic on before. James, you set me up, [Music] bro. Did you hear what we were talking about? It was um I I read a book when I was young and it was talking about how to sort of form relationships and and one of the um points that this book made was that everybody has a favorite subject. Everybody. And if they're honest with themselves, their favorite subject is themselves. [Music] and and so then if you ask people about themselves, they want to talk to you because they're interested in themselves, you know, it's a it's a good way to start conversation if you ask questions. So I just started I used to so I started asking a lot of questions based on that bit of information that I read. But over time, as I became more of a Christian, I actually genuinely like to ask people about themselves because I love people and I like to find out how they are and how you're doing and what are you up to and that. So, I was just finding a wee bit out about James' day and his work and but are you going to be going away a bit now, bro, or you going to work here or go to Christ Church and Fangui? You're not not go away too much, eh? Thank you. No, praise the Lord. It's good. Yes. Um, let's um let's stand this evening. It's good to be here. How you doing? You ready to ready to worship the Lord? You had a good week. You're all victorious. You're just living in complete victory every single day. Not a not a care in the world, sun's shining, birds are chirping, drinking at the springs of living water. You're victorious in every situation. Amen. That's us this evening. We're we're overcomers. We're champions this evening. And and and we're going to we're going to we're going to leave this place fighting. We're going to go out in a blaze of glory. Amen. So, let's um let's pray this evening. We're looking forward to the word this evening from brother Paul. So, let's just commit the service to the Lord. Lord, we thank you that we can be here this evening. We thank you for this opportunity that we have, Lord, to come and to worship you. And we thank you, Lord, that we're on the winning team, Lord. Whether it's a Sunday, whether it's a Wednesday, a Tuesday or Friday, it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter what day it is, Lord. We're always on the winning team, Lord. And every day is a good day in you, Lord. Every day is an opportunity that we can walk with you and have faith in you and believe in your word even more, Lord, and to walk forward with you. There's opportunity. There is so much in today, Lord, as we're alive. So we just want to come tonight Lord and lay aside every thing that would hinder us this evening and just come and worship you and praise you Lord and just give you all the thanks and all the glory and just may you bless the song service bless brother as he ministers your word Lord may the spirit of God move in a powerful way amongst us this evening Lord we just pray and commit the service to your hands in Jesus wonderful name amen amen praise the Lord well yes we're looking for a city uh let's start with the chorus it seems is too [Music] low. Let's go. A. Sorry. We got to I feel we've got energy tonight. You know, you you sing low when you got not much energy, but we got energy, man. We might even go up to C. Oh, yes. We're looking for a city. Hey. Oh, we're will never die. Never a saint in million. Never say goodbye. Oh, and be our savior and our loved ones too. Come now, Holy Spirit, come all the Holy Spirit. Why here among shadows living in a lonely land with strangers? We're a band of pilgrims on the moon. No ders down with sorrows and we're sh on every hand. We are looking for a city built above. Oh yes we for a sea we will never [Music] die say [Music] goodbye and our love ones Come now, Holy Spirit. Come for our fear in disappointment. Often we so sadly ro friends no longer speak one word of love. Truly we have found contentment. Jesus promised us a home. We are looking for a city built above. Oh yes, we're looking for a city. We will never [Music] die. Say goodbye. And we'll meet our savior and our loved ones come Holy Spirit come our holy spirit. Oh, and in this land of dangers, we are going here and there, we're simply trusting in the blessed Savior's love. Mercy though we made strangers living in this world of care. We're always looking for a city built above. Oh yes before I [Music] see the [Music] [Music] [Applause] san and I love Come now, Holy Spirit. Come. Listen one more time. Oh yes, we're looking for that city. Oh yes, we're looking for a city. Oh, will never die. [Music] for say goodbye for our savior and our [Music] [Applause] [Music] love. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know, Job Job looked at a like he looked at a a flower or something and he said it dies and then but then in the springtime it comes back up again. He looked he looked at nature as it would die but come back to life and he said, "But what about man? When when we die, is that all there is to us?" But he said, "Though the skiworms destroy this body, yet in this flesh I see God." Amen. We have a city. Uh no, we'll do the one. Not that one. That's why. Oh, if you meet a stranger on the chairo, that's him. That's him. If he walks beside you, free share in your love. That's him. That's him. That's him. My savior. Don't you know that man of Galilee? whose blood is hold your brain. That's it. That's it. If you pull you in the sp of the night, that's it. That's it. If you feel a yearning for a life that's right, that's it. That's Oh, that's him. That's him. My savior. Don't you know that man of Galilee whose blood is paid for me to be filled? God to the brim. That's it. That's it. Well, if somebody watches with a tear or a sun, that's him. That's him. If he says, "My child, I need you." Never ask why. That's him. That's him. Oh, that's him. That's him. My savior. Don't you know that man of Galilee blood for me to be your company to the grave? That's him. That's him. My savior. Don't you know that man of Galilee whose blood avails for me? If he builds fills your cup to the ground, bless him. Listen one more time. Oh, that's him. That's him, my savior. Don't you know that man of Galilee whose blood won't be any fail your government to the bread? That's it. That's [Music] it. Amen. From a ne a a neverending supply. Amen. Amen. Are you past the point of weary? As your burden weigh in heavy. Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? Shame's done all stealing and you're desperate for some healing. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh yes, he makes a way. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free and pleases. I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You can wipe away the tears from broken dreams and wasted tears and tell a past to disappear. Let me tell you about my Jesus and all the wrong turns that you would grow and undo if you could. He can work it out for you. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he got saved. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love strong and he graces me and he know that he can do for you what he done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus take your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Take my cross to Calvary. Pay the price for all my guilt. Who would care that much about me? Let me tell you about my Jesus. [Music] Oh, he makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from the empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he got saved. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free and the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] All throughout my history, all throughout my history, your faithfulness, your faithfulness has walked beside me. Oh yes, winter storms make way for spring. In every season from where I'm standing, I see the evidence of your [Music] goodness all over my life. Yes, I do. All over my life. I see your promises. I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. Let's sing that one more time. I see the evidence. Let's believe it this evening. Oh, I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. all over my I see your promises. I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Help me remember when I'm weak. The fear may come. Fear may come and fear will leave. You lead my heart. You lead my heart to victory. Yes, you do. You will my strength and you always win. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. I see your promises. I see your promises in fulfillment. Yes, I do. All over my life. Oh yes, they're all over my evidence. I can I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. Yes, I see it all over my I see your promises. I see your promises in fulfillment. All over my life. Oh Lord, I see the cross. I see the cross. The empty grave. The evidence is in this. All my sin will away. Because if you were Jesus, I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sin will away because of you. Oh Jesus. [Applause] Oh, I see the evidence of your goodness. It's all over my life. It's all over my I see your promises. I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Let's sing it again. I see the evidence. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. [Music] I see the promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Amen. Man, we can never be thankful enough for what he has done for us. Amen. just make you sit down there and just ponder and and just say Lord just come and take us. Yeah. So I want to greet you tonight in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. And I want to thank brother Isaac. I don't I don't know brother Isaac how he manages to to get the songs that I like. I don't know. But uh I think he he makes some research and checks who likes which song which because because I just find that he just bring the songs that I like. Thank you my brother and thank you musicians. I think you can now take your your other rightful positions as we appreciate you very much. Sometimes uh we sing the songs and we just feel like we can just finish singing and go home because uh it it will be so good. Amen. And then while we standing, let's just read the word of God and then we can we can sit down. Thank you. musicians. We read we read in the book of Job. Sorry. Uh once you are there just say amen. Uh I I I brought my old friend today. Um it's not easy always. It's not easy to separate with your old Bible. Uh this Bible I love it very much because it has got so much memories uh in my life. Amen. And uh and by the way you see my Bible is like this here. It's got it shows me where the book is and everything. It was brother Sullie. It was sister Joen's father who made it for me. You see it's nice to have brothers and sisters. Brother Si made it for me. And I told the sister when she came, I said, "Sister, I didn't know you are his daughter, but it was him who made this for me." And then then this week I started to buy some. Last week I started to buy cream. I never drink coffee with cream. So I started to buy cream because I was thinking of brother Soul cuz every time I go to Voice of God Recordings, man, I miss that coffee he used to make me with cream. Sorry to put you on the spot, but I just miss my friend. Amen. So that was just to settle you up and uh smile. Job 38:4, excuse me. The Bible says, "Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth?" In plain English, it means where were you, Job? Amen. If thou has understanding, declare if thou has has understanding. In other words, tell me. God is not saying Job was not there. Just just underline that. Job God doesn't say Job was not there when he laid the foundation. He's just asking him if you have understanding right now with your cannal mind. If you can have and perceive, tell me Job if you understand, if you can remember. Then he says in verse five, who hath laid the measures thereof? If thou knowest, or who had stretched the line upon it, whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened, where where is it tied? You know when we do something even this stage we make sure that everything is tight is is strong. Do do you know where I've tightened the earth and fastened it and is strong and it can carry so many people so much weight so many things can happen on it. This do you know? Uh and who laid the cornerstone thereof? That's the part that I like. That cornerstone is Jesus Christ. So let's just pray together. If you've got a desire in your heart tonight, I have. Just lift up your heart or your hand. Heavenly Father, Lord, I'm just a man. Father, in fact, this is not even about me or my brothers and sisters. This is firstly about you, Lord. We are thankful that you brought us here tonight, Lord, to come and and be revived, Lord. To come and hear from you, the author and finisher of our faith, Lord, to come and be reassured, to come and fellowship with you on the table like me was called on the table of the king to come and dine. So we respond tonight to come. We come with all our hearts Lord and we ask Father that you'll forgive us as brother Ben always say Lord forgive us Lord even our secret sins Lord our mistakes we pray father God those ones that the enemy wants to accuse us and sneak them uh slightly be behind our back before you and report us. Forgive us also those ones Lord as we stand on this sacred place Lord we I pray for the hearer. I pray for the listener. I pray for the heart. I pray for even the lips that speaks here tonight. Circumcise my tongue, Lord, and my lips. Cut everything that is doesn't come from you and eradicate it, Lord, into a a sea of forgetfulness, Lord. And help us today to remember that the evidence is plenty, is endless. And we are so thankful for your blood. And we commit this service and the word that we have read into your hands in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. and all we agree by saying amen. Amen. Please enjoy the comfort of your seats. I I I like to come and I like to come h once I prepared the sermon and I' I've prayed but just before I come I just want to say Lord just empty me now. Just just empty me. Let let me not even have the way I'm going to greet them the way I'm going to say what just empty me. Just just take that sermon and speak. Because if you I come here and memorize you know how I'm going to greet you that's just philosophy you know that's just recitation who knows recitation how many of you know recitation residas in Africans so I just say Lord empty me let me speak only from you so tonight tonight I want us to talk about a thought here called my foundation my foundation. And then the context that I would like to come up to bring before you is the one that says, "God and I together building me." God and I together building me. I was listening to a brother preaching. I I almost wanted to ask brother Ben, "Ah, Brut, can I just play the sermon for that brother and then we go home?" The Lord said, "No, you bring the thought. If there's someone inspired you, testify about it." The brother was talking about, you know, God and men in a partnership and talking about how how God actually needs you in this partnership. No wonder in the Bible he says you are the branches, huh? And there's fruits that will come from the branches. But I am the main. I'm the main. So the the branch needs the needs the stem and the stem needs the branch. And the the fruits cannot come if the branches don't do anything. So everything else needs everything in this. Even in the economy of God, you are so much part of God that God cannot finalize everything without you. That's right. That's how important that's how this partnership of you can you see how important you are. I don't mean you must be puffed up. You know there's the spirit of pompus pomposity. Brother Andy, we don't have these words anymore. You know when you feel pompous, I don't mean you must be that way. I'm just trying to show show you or share with you to realize that you are so important in the kingdom and economy of God that God cannot finish everything without you. If you are not there, all the plans of God cannot get in place if you are not there. Are we agree? Yes. So that is just a thought. Maybe you can go listen to that sermon. Brother Chad, I think he preached a few sermons about that one. Brother Chad Lamb, he blessed me so much. I wanted just to shake his hand, but it was unfortunately on YouTube. So my foundation, me po my foundation. If you feel tonight or maybe you just hear that this is so basic and fundamental, I just just just forgive me. Please just forgive me. But I believe that if you take you can take some something from the sermon. But tonight I just want to really speak to the young people. The young people. I really if today you pretend you don't know me. I'm a brother who come from somewhere but who loves you very much but who wants to speak to you for you to see this for you to understand this what we are going to talk about that uh there is a foundation that every believer every Christian has to be based on and has because you'll see now and and brother Ben I know brother I know there's many builders in here and correct me if you see me mis mis misappropriating or misquoting your profession brother just correct me and say no no no no that's not about building brother Paulo so but when I talk about really the foundation of a Christian person a believer a child of God what the what is the foundation what does it mean to you what is it right so I try there's so many pictures in this uh photo in this presentation because I'm talking to the young people and the young at heart right if even if you've got a foundation. But maybe God wants to fix something on your foundation. Yeah. You know, you know, is it true, brother Ben? A foundation can be fixed, right? It can be fixed, right? I remember I fixed my we fixed my mother's foundation. It was cracking. So, we fixed the house. You know, they dig the builders and they make sure the foundation is not strong and and when there's some shaking and everything, it settles properly. They can go under and and and and and correct the foundation. But it is so important the foundation that everything else that you can think about almost everything must have a foundation. You you'll be with me. Let's just read a few scriptures. That's it. And then we continue with our sermon and just relax. But you can tighten your seat belts. But just relax. Let's read John John 5. Search the scriptures, for in them ye think ye have eternal life, and they are they which testify of me. The scriptures search there. Yeah. Now you see now to search. H there's many ways you can search. Uh you can search to to find a fault for someone. You can search to find something that got lost that we have been looking for. You can search, you know, to learn. You can search and it's a way of investigation. So the but the search I'm talking about here is that engross yourself, immerse yourself in the word of God. Huh? Read the scriptures. Let your heart, your mind filter through. Don't don't read the scriptures like you're just reading a newspaper. There are times when you can just read passing through. But give yourself time to search the scriptures. Young people when I say there you finish off for me. Then you help me to preach. Right? Then I know ah my kids they with me right? I'll say it first then you can finish it off. When I say search the scriptures later on I say search there you see scriptures. That is your amen. Because I understand not all of you can say amen. like brother Andy. So just finish off with me, okay? I want you to enjoy the service, but I want you to take something home with you. Amen. So search the scriptures. Next, next scripture. 1 Corinthians 3:10 to 10 to 40. According to the grace of God which is given unto me, me Paul talking as a wise master builder, I have laid the found the foundation. So Paul saying I have laid the foundation. Remember Paul was the first messenger that was sent to the Gentiles when the gospel moved from the from the Jews, right? And God create a space uh that will run for us. For us to be crafted in as the bride, the gentile bride like Esther. And for us to be crafted in, God had to close their eyes. And the first messenger when the door for the Gentiles opened was who? Paul. So he laid the foundation. So he says, I I was commanded to lay a foundation as a great master builder to lay it. Right? And then it says there and uh uh I have laid the foundation and another build there on. But let every man take heed how he buildeth upon. Be careful. That's why brother Brandham said me I preach what Paul preached. Amen. Yes sir. It must line up word upon word. Precept upon precept. No compromise. Doesn't matter who says what. Even if it's me more, you're dead. You find that I I am missing a precept upon what Paul says. You you are supposed to correct me according to the word and show me. That is why I want you to know and understand and have the proper foundation. Otherwise, you I'm going to lead you astray. Do you understand the importance of the foundation? You need to be able to say mama. But when I was reading the Bible, ah the Bible said this. Yeah. And mama says ah I'm aware you show her. You see here I was reading brother Brenam. I was reading here in his prayer. He said this this this about girls. So why why do you want why do you want me to do this mama? Okay, maybe I don't understand. You come with the right spirit then. But that's because your foundation is getting you strong, right? So you need to be able to get it for yourselves. Are you with me? Let's quickly jump. Okay, but let's read verse seven verse 11. For the for other foundation can no man lay that than that is laid. No other foundation. one foundation Paul has laid it as a as a master builder. Then we all follow that line. Are we together? Let's read Ephesians now. Therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens in the with the saints or and of the household of God. That's what I like very much to realize that I'm of the household of God. No one can take me out. No one can take you out. The Bible is confirming to you and are build. You see, you are you are part of this building. You are part of a building. We must understand that God's things works like this. In God, there's a pattern. Remember, brother Isaac preached about numbers. And then if you look at how the creation of God, you'll see there's many patterns. So the pattern here is that that I want to show you with you is that we are of the household of God. We are a building right? We are a building us as a church as the bride. But you yourself also you are a building as an individual. Ah so so the you you you resemble as a building. There must be a foundation in your life. But also we as a as a church here in Shakina we are a building. Not this one. We are a building. Right? And then there are some of us in the church who are maybe this carpet. Huh? Some of us are maybe maybe Isaac is the door. But the door is a lot. But maybe maybe Isaac is the window or maybe Arand is something you see. So but we are all maybe maybe you are just a little brick there on the corner. So we are a we are a building. Maybe you're just a mad there at the door like I would love to be. You know where everyone comes then you just wipe your feet. I would love to be that one. It's a nice position but the point I'm trying to say to you is that each one of you is part of this building. Right? And then at the same time you are a building yourself Josh as an individual as a person. Are we together? the the mystic body of Jesus Christ globally on earth we are rebuilding in this age the bride of God on the children of God from Paul until now we are we are forming a building also can you see the pattern the pattern I'm trying to show you follow me young people don't sleep remember this is for you if no one can hear me tonight please hear me Rebecca otherwise I'll keep on calling you Mary right let's read verse Verse 20. Yeah. I built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone. Can you see that cornerstone I was talking about? He is the cornerstone of this building. Now let's come back to our lesson or our sermon. What what exactly is a foundation? Maybe we can give brother Ben a mic. He can tell you what a foundation is. But according to Google or you know is part of a structural system that supports and anchors the super structure of a building and transmits its load directly to the earth. It's it's loaded. Can you see? So a foundation takes the weight of the building and puts it into the earth so that the building can be stable. Right? So a foundation can be wide. H it can be wide. It can be deep. Hey brother Ben, it can be deep and it can be thick. Some of them and a foundation can be elevated. Maybe we can elevate and then because now we are building in a in a way. So we make a foundation and just elevate it you know and a house is built on this thing but but the house is there but the foundation is just trying to elevate the structure. So a foundation sounds like to me is such a powerful thing. I am not saying it is the only thing that is important in a building. But I'm saying it looks to me that from where the author or the designer of the house thinks remember everything start in the mind. In God's mind God laid you and created and had you and thought about you. Don't you know that the Bible says before the foundation God knew you? Because even the foundation that you see brother Ben and brother Ed and brother Arman building even that one you must know that it was in someone else's mind first. Am I right? So it start in the mind but it must materialize and we make a foundation. Now for real, we buy material, we make the foundation for this house. But it started here, right? So what do you see as the foundation started in somebody else's mind? What do you see here today? If you look around you, you are seeing things that started in God's mind before the foundation of the earth. So don't look at yourself and say me. No, before there was a foundation, before God laid the foundation, he says, "Job, where were you when the sons of of God?" But then I thought that was the beginning when he added the foundation. No, they were there before the foundation. So there's things that were there after the foundation and there's things that were there before the foundation. One of those things is you. That's right. So what God is trying to do here or what we are trying to do here when you hear us saying young people young people this this this this Debie is because we're trying to show you to help you where God is trying to take you back to your original where you were before. You see just once you get the foundation right that building will be exactly how God saw it at the beginning. That's then you go home done. So let's jump to the next slide. Still want to learn a little bit about this foundation. There are things that are similar. You can have so many foundations for different buildings, for different structures, for different things. But there are some similarities in in building. You know it they say transfer the load. It is a it must have a bearing capacity capacity of the soil or the rock beneath them. A foundation. If if it gets built on a wrong soil, it might be what will happen, brother B? It will sink. You hear that? It will sink. Every things, worldly things that we see must teach us. You'll see what I'm saying, what I'm talking about. Just think about yourself. The brother says if the foundation is wrong or is built on poor soil, it may sink. It will sink. So you need to make sure that your foundation lily the soil is foundations provide stability. Actually foundations the way we you guys make them brother Ben you actually make them to last. You make foundations to last. Actually they make foundations to be forever but you know that here on earth nothing will be forever. Only one foundation can be forever. So they are trying to make a foundation to last forever. The the mere thing that is a foundation is meant to to last forever. That is why it must be right. It must be correct in accordance. Yeah. They made to last forever that I wrote. So we reinforce them with the concrete with the material like steel, mercenary timber. We bring all sorts of m according to how the soil is, according to the designer, according to the measurements and the the things that we must bring to make this foundation. So it must fit certain standards and requirements and it will it must pass. Am I right? The inspector must come and say yeah Bailey Bailey bills this is good. I'm happy. Right? And put a stamp then my brother get paid. You see? So that's how it works. So, it's a beautiful thing, a foundation, but it must be done right. Let's move on. Oh, yes, it must be customized to the side. It must be customized. You can't just make a foundation anyhow. Otherwise, you're going to find that, oh, the door was supposed to be and you find that that door now is have to be this side because the foundation was done wrong. It was not done properly. So we don't want it must be customized according to the plan according to the building according to how this was planned to be. I cannot expect you to build like how Martin Luther built Martin Luther at his age. You'll see now as we go along what I'm talking about. Let's quickly move on. So I want to show you pictures now. I hope others will enjoy them. 10 slides are are pictures. So out of 28 10 minus We have already done already. We have already done a few. So look at this. Look at this type of a of a that made me to think of a foundation. Look at this tree. Just look at it. Why wh why why why must that tree have such roots that starts even from outside and spread? Why? It must be customized the type of the tree that must grow because God knows that the type of the tree that must grow it's going to be heavy. It's going to be strong. That is why and not every tree grows anywhere in every soil. There's places where you certain trees you can't plant them because they cannot stand. But no, we human being we just take them. I just I just take a a tree from Australia and I take in South Africa and I I even give it a name. I says blue gum. I says blue gum. It won't last. No. Fall on the house because it's not meant to be there. Look at this tree. Does it Does it amazes you? Does it Does it do something in you? Just think about the foundation. How deep if the storm come and the wind and everything this tree will some trees man. I went up north. I found some trees that has been there for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years. They're not falling. Even if they're dead, they stand. Nothing shakes them because the foundation was made right. It stands. You can hit it. It just stands still because the foundation was right. Look at that. Think about the foundation. Look at this foundation. Look at this one. There's going to be a beautiful five- bedroomedroom house there that can fit my family. There. Look at that. Look at how they designed it. Look at how they make it nice and square. Look at how smooth. Look at how strengthened. And they made already electrical things that must come. Look at the design. Just Just look at that. A foundation and it is passed. Imagine if they missed something here on this corner and your bed is going to sit around there. What will happen if a little small earthquake come? You see, can you see why it's so important to have a foundation that is proper? And buildings are different. The foundations are different. Like I've said, some are like that depending on the type of a building, depending on the soil, depending on what all the requirements that are put a foundation you see. So I want you to understand the importance of a foundation. Are you hearing me? Young people, young people, are you hearing me? Are you with me? Malachi, you follow me, my boy. The importance of the founding. See some of them, maybe some of you are going to be engineers and design these foundations and build them and and and say, "Wow, brother used to talk about these foundations, man. It's so important this thing." Then you take it, apply it to your life and say, "Lord, if my foundation somewhere is fix it, my father and God fixes it for you." And because the devil wants our foundations to be skew, he wants our foundations not to be right. I used to like so much Voice of God. I don't know if they still have it. They had a program called Young Foundations. I just thought that is a powerful way name, Young Foundations. Look at these buildings. Look at them. All of them. They are sitting on a foundation. So foundations are holding the economies of this earth of this world. Foundations. Look at that. Some of them in Japan when an earthquake comes and shake them, they go like this. Understand? Why? Because there was a specialized foundation. It's not the only thing that is important. Remember that the whole building is important everything but the foundation is the beginning of bringing the thought. Are we together? We'll go faster with the pictures. But sometimes sometimes foundations go wrong. Am I right my brother? Please. Brother Ben knows sometimes foundations go wrong and something like this happen. We say, "Hey, this wall, let's just take poly, what do they call it? Polyfiller. Let's take polyfiller mixed with water and just put some." No, no, no, no, brother. This the foundation. It's not the wall. The wall is just showing you where that there's a problem down there. That's right. And that's where the builder can fix. Or rather, if you are like my brother, brother Ben, you say, "No, no, brother Paulo, let's destroy this thing. Let's put a press foundation. Fix this. Mr. Fix, isn't it? Fix this thing. Put a fresh foundation. A proper one. The Lord can do that because he doesn't want this. Look at this. Some of the foundations. Can you see? Look at that. As such a millions of RS put there, but the foundation was not put right. The inside, the interior was beautiful. Oh, the buildings double story, 10tory, everything was perfect. There were some automatic lights. The leaves were there. You know that tower there in France? Is it that one or there's another tower somewhere which is cute? Huh? Where is that? Yeah, in Italy. It's wrong. It's a wrong foundation. Look at that. Hey, Gab. Where is Gabby? Look at this. Look at this one. Look. You see? You see why? Why a foundation must be right. You see that, Gabby? Otherwise, your little our little house won't stand. And because Gabby rushed to put something there in between and forgot, oh, this thing must stand. Even this one must be right. Am I right, Katy? Katy, am I right? Am I right my girl? Amen. He agrees. Because at the end of the day, this is what the Lord wants. That is why we are having a proper foundation. That is why God wants to have a building that is proper, that is excellent, fit for royalty, fit for heaven. And he's going to make that house in you. Look at what they're doing. There is a reason why they are strengthening that foundation. They are realizing that this foundation must be strong. It must be strong. It must be it must pass all and stand. You know the scripture that the scripture that says a wise man build his house on a rock. That is why it's so good to be a believer. You just just get the inspiration when we have a song that says rock of rock of revelation. Man, it just it just make you cry. He just make you sit alone and close the closet and cry because you you you realize that God is actually life among us. I don't care what the devil can tell me. God is life. Amen. You know when when they when you pluck something there on the wall and there's some three things life and neutral and F. So life is life. If you put your finger there that thing is life. God is always life. So in our midst, he's so alive, so available, so present that he just all our gifts can be manifested here. We just have to submit. I'll show you what we can do for all our gifts to come and and for us to really be that building that God is wants to build in you. Let's move on quickly. I didn't put my watch because imagine if they cannot strengthen this building. What? Exactly what brother Ben said. If they cannot strengthen this this can you see that beautiful house and I think that area there they bride there they make bride and then imagine the man cutting the loan beautiful house millions but somebody must make the right foundation. You can build as much as nice. Put everything as if they cannot strengthen that foundation. Look at that man. Look at that one here. I someone why is he going so far? Everything must be according to the plan and the design for it to be a proper foundation. So don't be surprised when we ask you to do choruses to preach, when we say sing, when we say read your Bible, when we say no, you might not know. At the beginning, this house does not know what they are building. You say, "Wow, at the end, am I such a beautiful building?" But you didn't know when God was busy building you, cutting you and mold you, cut you, mold you. The cut of the Lord is not to hurt you, it's to mold you, to press you, and and and squeeze you. You know, just, you know, sometimes even when we renovate the houses, you'll think, "Ah, ah, they don't want it anymore. because they are remolding that house. Pray break here. If you went there at brother Ben's house today, I'm going to be on you, bro. If you went there to brother Ben's house, the first one when when we were renovating it, man, man, it's like you won't think people are going to stay there. Remove this one. Break this. No, he didn't even kick it. But he's fixing. See, do you remember that door? If you're kicking it like that, the door will say, "Do you like me?" Yes. Sandpaper it and scratch it and scratch it and repaint it. That's what God to us do to us for us to be like that. So let's flip the coin. We spoke about the natural foundations, the building. We have now seen the importance of a foundation. We understand that if a foundation is not right, something the winds can come, the storms can come and it will fall apart. It cannot stand the test of times. Right? Right. Now, so how many knows this one? Ah, you see. So, so this is this is another building. This is you. This is you. This is the stature of a perfect man. God wants to bring us into a stature into a building that is like that which the the foundation is faith. Let's go quickly. You know that one. Yes sir. So so I just put it together with that one just to to show the comparison for the young people to know that oh the building. Oh we are talking about that building. You see Paul started he was the first messenger. Paul and then virtue another smeirina church age smeirina doesn't it reminds you of the smeirnas smeirina church age pamos knowledge criteria all of them up to brotherly kindness that's a building and this thing the way it is I don't know they say a pyramid is one of the most safest structurally speaking that building that's why they are still sending there even the pyramids of Gaza today a great foundation has been laid there so and there's no cement there because it was already in the mind of God so you and me we have been built to be like this and the foundation at the bottom is what faith and you know brother teaches us that faith is a revelation faith is a revelation. So let's go on and see. Now you can see now why it's so important for a foundation of every believer to be strong to be appropriate, right? We see the need. How then how then do you do you get it right more? H how how then Jono do I brother Paulo tell me now I hear you the foundation is good is important my foundation and everything. How can I ensure that my foundation Liam is right? Is that the question, Mary? How can I? Let's let's go to the next slide. We'll read John 15. Abide in me and I in you. As a branch cannot bear fruit of itself, abiding in him, except it abide in the vine, no more can he, neither you. You cannot bear any fruits if you don't abide in him because you are a branch and you are going to bring fruits. But if you don't abide in him, verse seven, if you abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. If you abide, if you keep my commandments, you shall abide in my love, even as I have kept my father's commandments and abide in his love. Can you see there's a pattern? He's not telling you something that he didn't do. everything. There's a pattern. Do this because you you're copying me. Do this because I did this. Do do this because I did for my father. I Okay, verse 12. This is my commandment that you love one another as I love you. Why? Why? Why the Lord keeps on talking like the Lord wants to show you that it's possible. What I'm showing you is doable. It's achievable. You You can make it. Amen. You've got no choice because if he chose you, brother, sister, it's not your choice. Now, what is to abide? According to Google, to abide is to accept or act in accordance with. to act or to accept in accordance with maybe say a rule or a decision or a recommendation is to abide I even underline there you obey it's got it's got a strong elements of obedience inside you observe you observe all protocol you don't just rush and you are eating and then you just take a big piece and your father takes a small piece that's not protocol you allowed to take a big a big piece. That's protocol. Am I right? Sorry, I'm not setting new rules. In my in my protocol in my protocol at home, Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo Mo knows which piece belongs to dad and he knows very well and and which piece he can associate with himself and which piece he can associate with his brother or sister. You know there there protocols and we even have protocols where we know that that chair there is for brother Matt and that is for Talia. There's those protocols. So we obser we observe those protocols. We abide by them. Am I right? So to abide the Lord says if you ab my words abide in you observe them you keep them you do them you hold on to them. Faith because because why? Because if you don't do that that means you're not hearing. How many of you read today's scripture that brother Ben sent? Young people. How many? I don't mean to expose you, but you see, you need to start somewhere. Yeah. For the fire to burn in my upbringing, we put the little soft flowers, I mean soft grass that is must be dry. We put some little status. We don't just take big blocks and and put them together and start the fire. No, no, no. That fire won't burn. Start small, but start. Yeah. Faith cometh by hearing, hearing the word of God. And man cannot live by bread alone. Men cannot live by pasta and rice and all these things and br alone. You will die even you will die healthy. Yes, brother Maka said you will die and and while doing keto sorry sorry I don't mean you but I mean we will die doing keto if we don't eat the word of God it doesn't matter what you eat you cannot live by bread alone because you are not only a physical being the spirit must eat that so if you stuff the spirit what do you mean what do you want the spirit to do because the spirit must eat and and if you eat the word not just read him halfhazardly you are abiding in him before you know it that fire is burning before you know it Liam then you put big blocks on you put the big ones like this guitar you bring you know that next you bring those big locks now the fire is burning now now nobody you are the one who wakes daddy and mama in the morning hey I wake up it's church day today and they don't go we are going to balls don't forget we are not going to lower our heart today because there's a fire burning in this guy this guy he read his Bible he tells his mother what what he saw what the prophet saying hey guys you must have your own foundations and make sure that that foundations is strong and the only thing that is going to to make it that way sister Debbie is this the word of God if you eat it even you adults let's not presume that we do it. This for the children to do it, the inspiration must start from us. The inspiration must must they must see it in us. Am I right, Sarah? And you must ask, "Mom, hey, did you read your Bible this week, Mom? I didn't see you. I know you're busy, but I didn't see you. I can read for you. I can read a few verses for you, Mom, for this. I didn't see you." You must bring us to task and let's make the message. Let's make it fashionable for ourselves. The word is not going to make it nice. They will keep on say making it boring and the word will make the message or the word of God look like boring. We are going to make it passionable, nice and enjoyable for our young people because after all it is brother Andy if you just see it in a different perspective. I'm going to finish. I'm changing my watch. Abide. I'm going to read for you few quotes and then we go home just to substantiate and and sort of uh share with you what blessed me when I was reading what brother Brandham said because you see it's not it's no use just to be a church member just to be a just to be part of no just to be a part of the group that's not going to help you my boys just to have friends just have good friends and wonderful beautiful friends. How is that going to help you? There this life in this life we we've got a purpose. Every part of this building must have a purpose. Every part of my body must serve its purpose. Otherwise, there's no use for you to be here in the body. You must find your purpose, your position. And even that only going to find that if you come through the plan of the foundation, the word of God. That's the only thing. If you neglect that one, I'm I'm not lying to you. You're going to say, "Yeah, that brother was right." You may not come and tell me. But Josh, the truth of the matter, my children, is there's no way that you can do it. We can have the best technology. We can have the best deacons, the best building, the best system, the best brothers with ties who love everybody and always smiling. We can have the best parents and everything. As long as we don't eat the word of God, we going nowhere. That's right. You hear me, Mike? You hearing me? Let's read here from the spoken fundamental foundation for faith and hear what the man of God says. Now the first thing before we can have faith we've got to have some foundation of faith there was there has got to be something behind it remember I told you that faith is a revelation you hear the word of God you hear the word of God you hear it after hearing it something comes up a foundation faith comes up out of what you heard so something emerge something emerges from there after you heard. Huh? It has to be based on something. You don't just love a girl and you want to marry her and this is baseless. You just think you love him. No, it must be based on something. But no, no, this was meant for the adults now. This was meant for the adults or the soon to be. Now something must be behind it by but faith comes by a settled something that is in the human heart that tells you and just as sure as you come to this church tonight it's not a guess work faith when I say where's where's Victoria when I say there's faith where there's sister faith I'm saying there she is I can see her and I can hold her hand and say here is faith Yeah, that's how real faith is. Faith. Real faith. The stacks are just trying to show us faith. Okay. Okay. Okay. Here, let's just bring it will bring your human faith there. Faith is like that. Faith. When you say faith, you mean faith. There's is faith. You can see her there. That's how faith faith to believe in God is. Do you understand what I'm saying? Faith is so real more than our own senses. I'm going ahead of myself. But faith that is why faith is there. Who can who faith? Raise your hand. Can you see my girl? There's faith. Can you see her? Can you see faith? This is faith. Now your faith is like that. Real like that. As as real as how you see her, that's how your faith is. Isn't that wonderful? So that's how faith is. Your faith. Code number two, it comes from, "Thy seed shall possess the gates of the of his enemy." I'll only read the yellow ones. You can go and read the rest. But listen, h what does he say? Oh. Oh, this is the part I like. I tell you, faith is a great Sorry, I'll read the white part also. Um, faith is is a great big thing when it comes when it comes to on the word of God. Did you hear me? It must come through the word of If you you can have faith in many things, but if it doesn't come from the word of God, it's going to be a baseless foundation. It's going to crumble. Everything your faith did you saw the picture of the pyramid? God had a reason why he puts faith at the bottom because faith is the foundation. So is and behind that foundation, behind that foundation, you know what is under that foundation? The word of God is faith is the word of God. faith sitting on top of the word of God because the word of God was there before the foundation it God said let there be let there be what there are things that were there before the foundation you were there before the foundation there were things that were created there were things that before there was a foundation they were there so that is why under the pyramid there's a foundation called the word of god and that is becomes the base that that faith they become the base of your building structure I hope I'm making sense Hallelujah. And if he abide, okay, brother is repeating what I was just reading for you. If he abide in me, my words in you, say what you will, there you are. Test it. Go try it. Go and try it and be patient with the Lord. You will see Jono what will happen. H go try my but I'm not saying you see the thing is this about the word of God. The word of God is here to encourage us, to uplift us, to show us, to correct us, to remind us. It's not here to to of course it is here to judge us, too. It's better for us to be judged now. Amen. It's better for for you to tell me, "No, my brother." No, no, no, brother. You may smile as much as you like, but here I think you are wrong, my friend. And correct me with love. It's better for you to help me now. It's better for me to say flate brother Andy. Oh no, my friend. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, minister. Even ministers, what's what's you you are wrong if you don't show your brother the right way. You are wrong. You are still wrong if you show him with the wrong attitude. So everything must fall in place according to the foundation. Everything must be according to the design, according to the plan of God. In this building, everything must synchronize. In this building, everything must synchronize and work together for good for the purpose of what God has made it to be. Let's just move on to the next quotation. If the body is correctly wired up and the fathers the father in heaven turns the big master switch on, something is going to rise up. You see? That's right. That is if the body is if the building is properly wired and if we are properly taught and every fiber of our body been lost in Christ. Every fiber and to his word alone his word. You remember the other foundation that I showed you that it has some conscious pipe or things coming. It's already preparing for the finishing but at foundational level they put those things. God is a great designer. He's a great designer. So he God already has put things in your life to make sure that when he presses the switch on all lies and you say, "No, I'm like this. No, I'm not like this." There's no such a thing. The pastor told you, "Don't believe the lie of the devil by by by wrongly accusing you." We need to learn and teach our children how to fight the mind battles, how to know that this is brother Andy was preaching here last week. He said, "Hey, you must wait and pause and say, who's speaking now?" And if you do that and you you you there's some thoughts going in there. You you wait who's thinking right now? You're going to find out that actually it's not you is the devil, but it's trying to be a parasite to use your mind. Be wise. The Bible says, "Be wise. Question question every thought." Don't I don't want a girl who just say yes yes yes yes yes yes. No. The bride of God don't just say yes yes yes yes. No no no no no. You question a boy who just come and know can I marry your daughter? No no no no no. Don't just agree. Yes yes yes yes yes. Ukraian baby. Okay my let's read the next one. Second last I think second or third last now I hope is going I I hope sorry I can't see properly now hope is one thing and faith is another faith is a positive sense it's not a a guess work you you just don't imagine it you see I've just told you now that faith is so real more real than this thing the true faith is not a hope like Okay. Uh no no God can help you with the revelation of your faith and you see the wow I can actually ask anything. That's how real faith is. You don't just imagine it is as real as any other sense of your body. Just the same as sight is. Sight is real. Healing I mean hearing is real. See, taste, feel, smell. Here the five senses of the body that control the body. There are real faculties to you if none of them is injured. And then faith is just as real as they are the other senses. And more real because it is it will go in and above all those senses. Do you believe this? Faith is so real and it's so simple and God can make it for you. So simple and you realize that ah this thing that even the professor of this of of diseases cannot heal it cannot help me they give up God can just heal it like that because of your faith he's able now that's the first and fundamental cause of divine healing here brother was talking about divine healing but I want you to take and just apply it to your life h even divine healing but to everything in your life that you take that first step of the foundation of faith then you'll see that's the true foundation and it is the word of God you will never come right if you don't take the word of God I'm telling you now I'm not hiding it for you you can't I can't everybody must come according to that plan of foundation of the foundation Faith cometh by hearing. I'll pass this. I'll just read the red part. Before we can have faith, we must have a basis of faith. What is the basis of faith? Open your heart. Read, accept, abide by the word. Then you'll see what will happen. How your faith is going to move mountains. You will see. That's the basis I'm talking about. You It's not just going to come because you say, you know, I believe. No, it must have a basis. I must open up my heart. I must abide. I must be willing. I must accept. I must sacrifice. I must love. I must be the Lord. And then go. Then you see you'll see what will happen. So and that's why we have to do by anyway by faith. We have to have the background a foundation. This is the this is the last one. I promise you this is the last slide. Then then we can just go home and internalize these things. Now from the message expectancy now no matter what the opposition looks like, Christ is the answer. Faith brings Christ. Amen. You see that word we are talking about is actually Christ. That word we are talking about is himself by himself. And then he the reason is we are saying is Christ is because and he wants you to have that foundation is because he wants you to be him to be like him to end up being him because in the end he's he did tell us that you me and you are one just like me and the father are one. You are actually God. You you are an amateur god. You That's right. You are You are not a a a a Is this a right way to say? I don't know. You're not just a hoy. You know what is a hoy? You're not just a a paluga walking around. You are a very important person. You are a son and imagine imagine you are God. God. Can you be associated with God? Yes. Can you be a I thought I thought the Bible we were taught that God put Adam in the Garden of Eden and made him go to everything. And then he also said to Moses, huh? You know when they looked at Moses, they could only see God through Moses. So the world can only see God through you today. Just imagine if I'm not doing anything. I'm not surrendering. I'm not reading. I'm bored. No, actually this brother is bossome. We need to go home. Actually, I can't hear him. Huh? Hear the word. Go and read and abide by him and watch the space. They say in English, watch the space. Watch what will happen. Faith brings Christ. Notice, could you remember? 80 years old, white bare beard, white hair, and yet the old man went around telling people that he wasn't going to to to die until he has seen the Lord's Christ. What a beautiful picture. Faith knows no defeat. Faith is perfect. Faith brings the things uh when there's no things to be brought. Faith creates. Faith takes doubt away. Faith takes negative and makes positive. How beautiful can this be man for faith to change my personality that was not there the personality of God and bring it and remove the old one the negative and bring the positive one. Faith creates. So it is an important thing more important than gold and silver. It is so important that any mineral is so important to you that you can use it to create your new Reuben. You can create your new Lilia. You can create everything. That's what faith and it doesn't give up. And it's patient. Did you see the building that I showed you? Every one of these that that I was showing you, they are sitting above faith. Faith is at the bottom. is patient knowledge. How else will will you just if you not not a worldly knowledge? You won't know the scripture. Your friends will ask you what do you mean? When I was a young boy, they used to ask me no no no if you say God God is there did you ever see him? But I never had the knowledge. I never read the Bible. I never I was not taught well when I was at a certain age and I didn't know what to tell them. No, no, no. I I I was just No, I'm going to church. No. Did you ever see God? They ask you, what do you say? You see, can you see why is it important for you to read your word to abide in him? So that when they ask you, hey, you you say God is there. You have you ever seen him? You you you did you see him? You say, ah, my friend, God does it cannot be seen by these eyes. You believe him. There's a scripture that nobody have ever seen God. And you ask them, "Hey, tell me something, my friend. Have you ever seen air?" They say, "No." So you say, you see, but you breathe it, right? So God God gives you wisdom. God gives you the the way, the spirit to discern and to answer. Why? Because you abide in him. He gives you the faith. He open things that mom and dad never told you. That's what happens. Not what mama and daddy. No, no, this their church. No, it must be your church. Amen. Oh, let me read that first for you. The old man has a basis of faith. Faith is not mythical, something mentally work, mentally worked up. It is an absolute fundamental result that happens in a person's heart. When faith is approp is appropriate is appropriated that then it is something in the person's heart but it can't be based on say well go uh go touch a tree and you'll get well no no no doesn't work like that well pray even if you fast 100 times that cannot bring you faith the prophet says you can pray yes those things we need we can pray we can sing we can do whatever we do. We can even preach but faith cometh by you hearing the word of God and then me abiding in it. That's what it's going to all these things are to support other parts of the building. But the real revelation of faith comes by the word my boys and girls are you hearing me? That's how it comes. And I want you to go and continue doing that. Challenge yourself. Yes sir. Read that Bible until the enemy just run. Amen. Put your headphones and let them play and the battery finish you charge them listening to the audio Bible listening to the to the sermon. Yes. If you go there to Iran, you go there to Syria, you go there to Jerusalem, you go there to other faith faiths in the world, you'll find that even the children. I once saw a video a young is Israeli boy. You know, he's taught well picking up a stone heavier than him trying to pick it up. You know what he wanted to do? He wanted to go and throw it to to the to the terrorists who were destroying Israel. That boy was taught that here you go. The Lord your God. The Lord your God is one. You see? So just go and do it. If you don't understand, do it. Just do it. Yeah. Then you come and tell me. On that note, brothers and sisters, God bless you. God bless you. And let your foundation be steadfast more than the still. Let your foundation be renewed and be revived. Let your foundation be strengthened. If you can't find a way, go find how they do it physically. Because brother Ben, how do I revive a foundation? Then you take that and apply it in your life spiritually. Because the things of the physical types, the spiritual, I like typing things. Amen. As the musicians come, we are going to sing a song. And that song I I'm going to I'm going to open here because I recorded myself and then maybe um yeah, I remembered it now. So, but maybe can tell me what key is this. [Music] You know this one. Oh yeah, you know it. Sorry, Esther. I promise you that we are going to sing this song as an item, but I never arranged with Isaac and you. But I will arrange. But let's just sing it as a as a preliminary now because I like it so much. It says, "On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. My faith is built. I want us to sing that song if we know it. On Christ the soul rock. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. Let's sing in the chorus again. Succ. [Music] Let's go. My hope. My hope. My hope is built on nothing. Jesus blood and righteousness I dare not trust the sweetest way but holy on Jesus name. That's the wrong song. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking [Music] sand. Do we know that part? There's uh when type in when darkness seems to hide his face. I just into this. We've got the song. It's like in public domain. This is not the one that this is. No, it's not it's not B. It's not that. So, no. Yeah, the words it's it's the same words a different song. The word is confused a bit. Yeah, but uh we should have it. But but but but but we can just sing the the chorus and just listen to it and sing it one time twice three times. Is that the one? Yeah. Go to the chorus. This one looks fine, but the chorus. No, it's not that one. The chorus looks strange. Do we not have it in public to me? It's all right. We can get it. We can get there. Yeah. On Christ stand on Christ. Is it? Yeah. Should be public otherwise. Okay, we can postpone. Is that the one, sister? That's the one. Okay, that's fine. Let's sing the chorus and then just keep the atmosphere and then we're going to pray. Brother Isaac will organize a full one for us, a full song. Let's give it a key. What am I doing? The chorus. Just the chorus. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking. All on Christy. On Christ [Music] rock sinking sand. All other ground is seeking. One more time. On Christ rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is singing sand. Oh Daisy. So this song this song it says that you you we need to stand on Christ the solid rock that's the only place and he is the word he is the word of God that I'm saying you must go and I must go and abide in it that's the solid rock all other ground is sinking said when the earthquakes and the tsunamis and the earthings of this world and everything of any stage of your life when they arm. They can't do nothing. Nothing. Not even death can do anything when you are standing on that solid rock. That's what I'm trying to show you young people and mothers and fathers on Christ the solid rock and he is the word. So let's just pray and then I'll give brother Isaac just to give us better tunes. Amen. Let's pray together. Our heavenly father, we thank you tonight Lord. We thank you heavenly father because you loved us so much so father that you chose us from before the foundation. Lord you you you brought us here at this time in our lives to come and manifest and fulfill the purpose that you created us for. We are so thankful father for brothers and sisters. We are so thankful for the bride of God. We are so thankful for the building of Jesus Christ. We are so thankful for the word. We are thankful for everything. The evidence is endless, Father, of what you have done. And all we can say, Father God, is to lift up our hearts, lift up our hands, and love you more and praise you. Father, we pray for our young people. Lord, we don't underestimate their power. That's the reason why the enemy attacks them because he's trying to attack the early stages of the foundation. And we cannot allow it. We stand against the enemy. We stand against all the forces of darkness of Satan to disturb our children's upbringing, to disturb our children's growing up in the word. Lord, all the things that come their way. Father, we bind them. We condemn them in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Let there be no programs. Let there be no gadgets. Let there be no profiles or any platforms that can take the establishment of the proper foundation. Father, help the parents. Lord, help the pastor. Lord, help our deacons. Help every father as the as the as the leader of the household. Help every mother. Help every relative and everyone, Lord, that we can stand together in spirit, Father God, for this battle to be won. because we know that before the foundation the battle was already won. We thank you so much. May you go home with these people, Father, and bless them and bring us again at the appointed time even as we go to bulls on on Sunday. Lord, may you be with us, Lord. Come and bless the ministers. We pray for them. Come and anoint them, Lord. Circumcise their hearts and speak to us one more time and confirm your word in our lives individually and personally. Father, we ask these things in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Let's slap hands for the Lord. So, so, so, so the only thing that I want to tell you before I I give brother Isaac chance to come is that you are reminded that on Sunday the service is there in Bulls. Please don't come here because we won't be here. We will be in Bulls. There is a seven course meal prepared for you. That's what you say here for on Sunday. Please the pastor asked me to remind you don't forget on Sunday and then brother Benny will send more details later on this week. But please we are so used and accustomed to come to church and we just find him. It happened to me before. So let's go there to pull. God bless you richly. Thank you brother Isaac. Brother Isaac will dismiss us. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing one song before we dismiss this evening. And who told the sun where to stand in the morning? Who told the ocean you can only come this far? And who told the moon where to hide till evening? whose words alone can catch a falling star. Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins things for it. He runs to the weary, the one and the weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken. They conquer death to bring me victory. And I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know. In the chorus, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. He lives to take away my shame. And he lives forever. I'll proclaim that the payment for my sin was a precious life he gave. But now he's alive and there's an empty grave. And I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let his life forgive me. Cry. I know my redeemer. He lives or he lives to take away my shame. Yes, he does. that he lives forever. I'll proclaim that the pain for my sin was a precious life he gave. But now he's alive and dead in an empty grave. And I know my redeemer lives. Oh yes, he does. I know my redeemer. He lives. Oh, let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry, I know my redeemer [Music] live. Lord, we thank you that you live this evening, Lord, and that you're alive in us, Lord. Lord that we can we don't build our life upon a myth or upon Lord a fable but Lord we build our life upon you upon your everlasting word Lord upon a strong and sure foundation Lord Jesus Lord and we thank you when the storms of life come Lord they just come and go but we stand Lord through it all Lord you've you've you you've kept us through everything thus far and you keep us all the way through Lord and we thank that we have that confidence Lord in in the strong foundation of your word Lord as you said a wise man builds his house upon the rock, which is your word, Lord, upon the revelation of your word. So, I just pray you'll bless each one this evening as they go their way. May they continue to have a victorious week, Lord. May we continue to walk in complete victory, Lord, and just walk by faith each and every day, Lord, and just be filled with the Holy Ghost and and walking in the joy of the Lord. I just commit each one to your hands this evening in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. God bless you all. You're dismissed in Jesus name this evening. Well, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry, I know my redeemer. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Oh yes, I know my redeemer live. Oh, let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. He lives. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
