################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - 1304-25 - Legion - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    1304-25 - Legion - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXDmqg2c7qM
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Data. [Music] I do love you. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Happy birthday. [Music] [Music] Good Morning. How are you this morning? Good. We were sitting in the side room uh standing in the side room there this morning. We just have a bit of a um talk. I actually had left my um uh radio mic on when when I was talking in there, too. I got we got a text from um James. He said, "Turn your mic off." But it wasn't coming through here, was it? Feel cuz the things I was saying in there. No, I'm joking. We did joke about that match if we was talking about you guys in there, but we wouldn't. And if we did, it was all good. You're thinking, I wonder if he would or not. We never ever talk bad about anyone in there, do we? No. No. We talk we actually hassle each other in there, but that's all right cuz we can. But I was in there and um I was actually standing on this side and the the sun was beaming through the window here like it was here and it was just shining on me and like it's it's a reasonably cold morning but you feel the warm sun just coming and shining on me and I thought you know and the natural all types of spiritual in the natural I've got this warm sun and it's just warming me up making me feel so good and I thought you know that's what we want this morning is we want we want that son of God which is just like that sun to to shine on our heart this morning and to warm our heart this morning, you know, and that and when people would go through the prayer line, Brother Brandon would say, "Oh, you're a Christian. I feel a warm spirit about you." You know, and often then you you you' we would reference say if we were in an atmosphere, we would say, "Man, that was a really cold atmosphere or a very cold person." Um, so we don't want that. We we this morning we're going to be our our our hearts are going to be warmed by this son of God this morning. and and that's who we want to come in and shine upon our heart. And as that the there's a song, Lord, may may your face shine upon me. Lord, may the light of your countenance shine upon me. And that's what we want this morning is the the face of God to look upon us and the the warmth and the light of his countenance to shine upon us this morning. So, let's stand this morning and just pray that the Lord would would turn his face towards us this morning. Heavenly Father, we know Lord that where you are, there's always warmth, there's always love, there's always peace, Lord. And we pray that you'd just shine the light of your countenance upon us this morning, Lord. That our hearts would be would be warmed up, Lord, by your spirit and by your presence, Lord, as the morning sun warms the earth, Lord, and all the maybe it's a cold winter morning and there's frost and everything and things seem so hard and brittle and and lifeless, Lord. And and and even when there's frost, the the the leaves and everything just get so hard, Lord. But as the sun comes up, it Lord, it melts everything away and things become so soft and life springs forth, Lord. And may that be our testimony this morning as we come to you this morning, Lord. May the light of you, Lord, and the light of your word shine upon us this morning, Lord. That life would come forth, Lord. That things would blossom and grow in our heart this morning, Lord. That our hearts would be warmed by your countenance, Lord, and by your love and by your spirit, Lord. May there be just a nice warm atmosphere amongst us this morning as we just invite you into our presence, Lord. Lord, it's so good to be able to come and worship with you, Lord, and to be in an atmosphere, Lord, where there's love, where there's joy, where there's peace, Lord, where there's long suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance, Lord, where your spirit is. So, we just invite you here and bless those that couldn't make it this morning. And may you just bless the ministry of the word this morning, too. We ask in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Who's feeling good? You feeling good? I'm feeling good. I'm ready to worship the Lord. Let's sing um just over in Glory Land. We'll start with the We'll start with the chorus. Just over in the glory land, I'll join the happy angel band. Over in the glory land, just over in the glory land with the mighty host. Over in the glory land of a home prepared where the saints survive. Over in the glory land there to sing God's praise and his glory shed. Just over in the glory land. Just over just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel man. Over in the glory land just over in the glory land with the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory land. I am on my way to those mansions there. Just over in the glory land. And I long to be by my savior son. Just over in the glory land for just over in the glory land. The happy angel man. Over in the glory land, just over in the glory land there with the mighty host I'll stand. So in the glory land with a joyful song I will shout and sing. Just over in the [Music] glory, Lord. And just over in the glory land. Just over. Just over in the glory land of joy. The happy angel man. Over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land they will the mighty star. Just over in the glory. Oh just over just over in the glory land of your happy angel man. Over in the glory land. Just over just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. I'll stand over in the one more time. Just over in the glory land or just over in the glory land in your door. A happy angel man. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory land. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus blinded all my darkness. Spark my heart. His grace and mercy lit a passion. Consume my city. Now like a city on a hilltop. I'll shine through the night. I am a lamp made for his glory. I will not. Oh, I've been touched by his fire. So, let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it, shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard me. His love will never be a single day. It's alive and wild and free. I'm overtake by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. I've been I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and walk. going to shout it. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till we Oh, I've been by fire. I touched my fire. So let the world come. Going to shout it, shout it from the rooftop. Shout it until everyone has. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it. Why? This holy fire burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it. Why? This holy fire burning inside of me. I've been touched. I've been touched by fire. So let the world come. I'm going to shout [Music] it. Shout it to I've been touched by his fire. I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me. I'm going to shout it. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. His holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire burning inside of me. I can't hold I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire burning inside of me. I've been touched by I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till every one day. Oh, I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me. I'm going to shout it. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it until we Amen. Amen. That's the problems through that's the solution to all the world's problems. You know there at the moment there's all these wars going on are people trying to build up all their whatever weaponry they've got whatever money they've got you know but brother Brandham said the safest place that any country could be is under feathers the feathers of his wings you know if a country would just pray and turn to the Lord all their problems would be solved wouldn't need no bombs wouldn't need no nothing you know and it's the same for in our life amen [Music] Oh, for anyone who's ever seen the mountain of their sins just disappear. For anyone who's ever felt the hand of heaven reach down through the field and dry it. Well, any life that once was end now finds itself alive and full of song. Victory song. Then you'll understand the reason for the way the saints of God may carry [Music] on. Oh, when I shout, when I shout, no, I'm shouting. From a heart that's been washed clean. When I run, know I'm running from a past that's been redeemed to the world might go crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of [Music] you. for anyone who knows the hope that keeps us moving on through troubled days. For anyone who knows they have a future and a hope beyond the grave. Well, every life's a different story. How he brought us out of darkness into light. For there's no way to keep a silence. Every breath's another chance to testify. When I shout, now I'm shouting. From a heart that's been washed clean. When I run, now I'm running. From a past that's been redeemed to the world of might look crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. When I shout, oh, when I shout, no I'm sh that's been washed clean. When I run, know I'm running. From a past that's been redeemed to the world might go crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. My past erase. My past erased. My name changed. My past erased. My past erased. My name he changed best testified for he has erased all my past my past erased my name he changed let's testify all my past he erased my past erased my name he changed let's testify oh when I shout when I shout I know I'm shouting from a heart that's been washed clean. When I run, know I'm running from a past been released in the world of my little praise. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. When I run, when I run, it's been washed clean. When I run, no, I'm running from a past that's been redeemed to the world, it might look crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. [Music] [Music] They say this mountain can't [Music] be. They say these chains will never break. But they don't know you like we do. Cuz there is power in your [Music] name. We've heard that there is no way through. We've heard the tide will never change. They haven't seen what you can [Music] do. Cuz there is power in your name. So much power in your name. [Music] Move the unmovable, the unbreakable. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for it. We know that hope is never lost. For there is still an empty grace. Lord, we believe no matter what cuz there is power in your name. So much power in your name. Yes, there is a new unmovable. [Music] Break the unbreakable Lord we believe. Lord we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. Lord we believe Lord we believe for it. For you are the way. You are the way. Where there seems to be no way. We trust in you, God. You have the final say. You are the way where there seems to be no way. We trust in you, God. You have the final [Music] say. Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for it. [Music] You said it. You said it. I believe it. You said it. It is done. You said it. I believe it. You said it. It is [Music] done. You said it. I believe it. You said it. It is. You said it. You said it. I believe it. You said it. It is done. Move the immovable. Move the unmovable. Break me unbreakable. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for it. From the impossible, we'll see a miracle. Lord, we believe. Move unovable. Move the unmovable. Break me unbreakable. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for it. From the impossible, we'll see a miracle. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for it. [Music] Thousand generations falling down and worship. to sing a song of a [Music] to gone before and all who will believe they will sing the song of [Music] a name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones. All thrones and dominions. All power and position. Your name stands above them all. And the angels cry. Holy all creation crown. Holy. You are lifted high. Holy. Holy forever. Hear your people sing. Hear your people sing [Music] holy to the king of kings. [Applause] Holy. You will always be holy. Holy forever. [Music] And if you've been forgiven, and if you've been redeemed, sing the song of river to the lamb. If you are freedom and if you bear his name, sing the song forever till we will sing the song forever and amen. Your name, your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above and belong. All thrones, all thrones and minions of power have positions your name stands above them all. And the angels [Applause] cry. Glory all creation cry. Christ holy you are lifted high. Holy, holy forever. Ye all people sing. Ye all people sing. [Music] Glory to the king of kings. Glory. You will always be holy. Holy forever. You will always be. You will always be. Glory, holy [Music] forever. Amen. You can um you can have your seats this morning. I made a little bit of a mistake. There was a Sunday school item, but what we'll do is we'll have that and then we'll have brother Ben after that. Is that all right? Okay. So, who uh could the Sunday school Here they are. Thought I was going to forget you. E, I did, but the other brothers didn't. So, I owe you guys uh um some healthy fruit. is very [Music] compately you will receive. [Music] Spelling O B C E D I E N C O S spelling O V E D I E N Yes sir. Obedience is the very best way to show that you believe. We want to live pure. We want to live clean. We want to do our best. We submitted to all authority. Leaving to God the rest. Walking in the light. Keep your attitude right on the narrow way. For if we believe the one we receive, we always will oy. And we spell it o e i e n c. Yes, sir. Obedience is the very best way to show that you believe. And we spell it O V E D I E N C. Yes, sir. Obedience is the very best way to show that you believe. And we're spelling O B E D I E N C. Yes. Obedience is the very best way to show that you believe. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just stand and sing. Um, can't you see why I'm happy? As brother Ben comes this morning. Oh, can't you see why I'm happy? [Music] I've accepted the word of the Lord. [Music] The revealed word that was [Music] spoken by the prophet of Malachi. [Music] Can't you see why I'm happy? I've [Music] accepted the word of the Lord. Amen. the revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi 4. Amen. What is that revealed word? Pardoning grace. Amen. You're pardoned. You're free to go. You never did it in the first place. That's why I'm happy. Amen. The Lord showed that to me. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Praise God. God bless you all. Great to have everyone here today. Amen. Great to have Albert and Ro here, the children. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Always great to have family visit. So, praise the Lord. Great to have you. Amen. So, just as you're taking your seats, um so this is the last uh service we're going to be in until uh we get back on the 27th. We're going to Canada on Tuesday. Uh so, I'll be speaking for brother Chris Meritz over Easter time. So if you have any um if you have any pressing needs I am five hours difference yesterday but if you need to get in touch with me while you can I'm I'm sure I'm still contactable but we're brother K and brother Ed our deacons if you have a need just want to uh direct it there. Um for all those who are going to the Easter convention may have a very blessed time in the Lord and all those who are staying here may have a very blessed time in the Lord as well. Brother Isaac's ministering so we're going to have a you can have a blessed time here. Um yeah I and I've put together a roster for the month uh for who's preaching when. So I'll put that on the notice board and yeah so God bless you. You know we I was talking to Christine and saying yeah I'm already so when we fly in it's like 10:00 a.m. No 10 9 in the morning here on Sunday on the 27th. I'm like man I'd be so excited to come and see you all. That's how much we love you. You know but I don't know if that'll happen but you know just I'm always I'm it's funny as I'm excited to go but I'm already excited to come home and see you. Amen. So praise God. Amen. So, let's um let's go to the Bible. Uh this morning, we're going to go to Luke chapter 8. I've got a few slides here. Oops. What have I done? Broken something. That one. Yeah. So, we're going to Luke chapter 8. Bit of a lengthy reading. Um we're going to just read from uh verse 26. So, I just kind of logged out and logged back in. I don't even know how I do these things. Uh but yeah, we can read from from verse 26 and we're going to read down to verse uh 39 here. Oh, we're here. Good. Probably Talia saved the day. Thank you. Appreciate that. Amen. So, uh Luke 8:26. And they arrived at the country of the Gatherines, which is over against Galilee. And when he went forth to land, there met him out of the city a certain man, which had devils um long time, and wear no clothes, neither abode in any house, but in the tombs. When he saw Jesus, he cried out and fell down before him and with a loud voice said, "What have I to do with thee, Jesus, thou son of God most high? I beseech thee, torment me not." For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man, for off times it had caught him. And he was kept bound with chains and infetters, and he break the bands and was driven of the devil into the wilderness. And Jesus asked him, saying, "What is thy name?" And he said, "Leion, because many devils were entered into him." I'm sorry if you could this is this is died so I mean I don't know if you could drive back there as you are. Thank you. And they besought him that he uh would not command them to go out into the deep and there was uh there a herd of many swine. I just logged in and out. Thank you. Um feeding on the mountains and they besought him that he would suffer them to enter into them and he um and he suffered them. Uh then went the devils out of the man and entered into the swine and the herd ran violently down the steep place into the lake and were choked. When they uh that fed them saw what was done, they fled and went and told it in the city uh and in the country. Then they went out to see what was done and came to Jesus and found the man uh out of whom the devils were departed sitting at the feet of Jesus clothed and in his right mind. And they were afraid. And they also which saw it told them by what means that he that was possessed of the devils was healed. Uh then the whole multitude of the country of the gatherines round about besought him to depart from them for they were taken with great fear. And he went up uh into the ship and returned back again. Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him that he might be with him saying Jesus uh but Jesus sent him away saying return to thine own house and show how great things God hath done unto thee. and he went his way and published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done unto him. Amen. And just one more scripture in um in Jeremiah chapter 30 and verses uh vers uh 17. We're just going to read a couple of couple of verses here just for a bit of a context. Um oh wonderful. Thank you so much. So we're going to read here. Everyone everyone there. Amen. Good to have um Latabo back as well. God bless you. Amen. Says here Jeremiah 30 and verse 17, for I will restore health unto thee, and I'll heal thee out of thy wounds, sayeth the Lord, because they called thee an outcast, saying, this is Zion, whom no man seeketh after. Thus sayeth the Lord, behold, I'll bring again the captivity of Jacob's tents, and have mercy on his dwelling places, and the city shall be builded upon her own heap, and the palace shall remain after the manner thereof. And out of them shall pro shall proceed thanksgiving proceed sorry thanksgiving and the voice of them that make merry and I'll multiply them and they shall not be few and I will also glorify them and they shall not be small their children also shall be as a four time and their congregation shall be established before me and I will punish all that oppress them. Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer shall we this morning. Amen. And if you've got a need, amen. We got to remember brother Colin, this neck of the mu, uh, neck muscles all stiff and so on. And William's at home unwell. So, uh, and so if you've got a need, just raise your hand. Amen. Let's, uh, approach our Lord together. Almighty God, we want to thank you so much. We can, we can call upon your great name, Lord. The only name given under heaven by which men must be saved, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And dear God, as we bow heads, Lord, we just say, have your way in this service, Lord. I want to get myself out of the way, Lord. As I stand before the purchase of your blood here, Lord, your redeemed children, Lord. I don't want to inject anything of my own self, Lord. I pray you'd come and speak to their hearts, Lord. Speak to my heart, too. Father, may you anoint speaker and hear once again. Those who are also streaming, Lord, may you just be so present with them, Father. Wherever they're watching this, dear God, we pray, Lord, I pray go touch William, Father, and make him well, Father. Thank you by your stripes, he's healed, Lord. also brother Colin Father with his neck and it's all stiffened father that Lord from the bike dear God I pray you touch him and give him full flexibility mobility back for your glory and Lord any other need among us dear God you're our high priest of our profession Lord you're the one who who heals us has redeemed us Lord you've done many mighty things so we thank you father that we can commit all of our lives into your hands asking that you would take over this service now for your glory in Jesus Christ's name amend bless you friends you can have your seats uh this Morning. So, I want to take uh if this is kind of a kind of an Easter message, if I could if I could kind of put it that way. Now, we read a bit of a lengthy account of the of the maniac of Gdara, that man that was that was uh demonpossessed there, but the Lord came and came and freed him. Now, I just want to read a bit of a back. This is one of my favorite quotes. This is from the mighty conqueror. I don't know if I have it here exactly. No, I don't. I don't have it on here. Maybe we can just we can blank that because I don't have too much there. But you know this is you know as we stand here well you know as we're here gathered here this morning um this is the day where the Lord uh a week before the Sunday before um the crucifixion where he rode into Jerusalem triumphantly on the back of a donkey. This is this is that time when they all cut down the branches, laid them down and cried hosana to the king. And you know there was a glorious time. But you know, as we stand here and we think of the Easter Easter weekend and that, you know, brother Bram says it's the greatest week that's ever happened in history as a death, burial, resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. And I think today we can we can rejoice in that that not just because um you know, we don't look at Easter just as a historical affair. Well, I don't. And and the reason I say that is because we are the beneficiaries of his death, burial, and resurrection. We have received the full benefit of it because the full benefit of him dying on Calvary is that he would come and dwell in you and I. Amen. That God and man would be reconciled. And so as I just um I just want to read this from the great and mighty concrete says he says but to the Christian this morning the victory is won. Joy bells are ringing. The war is over between God and man. The victory has been won. Before any victory can be won there there must be great prices paid. Oh what prices? Sometimes they are very deep. They um they make great scars tearing down. But in order to have the mountain, you've got to have the valley. Before we can have the sunshine, you got to have the rain. Before we can have the light, we've got to get the night. Before we can have right, we got to have wrong. Or we would not have never known what wrong was. But in order to conquer and win the greatest battle that was ever won, one stepped out of glory many years ago. He did not take upon himself the form of an angel. He did not come as some great person. He was going to prove that it didn't take musketss and bullets and atomic bombs to win a war. He clothed himself in humility like a little baby was born in a manger. There was not even a place for his birth when he come. I want you to look at the different material of war here uh warfare what he used. Now Adam's race was all in bondage. There they were without hope, without God, without chance, without mercy, without anything that could help them. The great enemies of the lower regions of the lost had shut them out up in darkness. There was not a way out. There was no one could help. Nothing could be done. It was like a total complete loss. But our hero when he come down from the portals of glory condescending down. There was no man on earth could do the job. They were all a worldly speaking in the same boat. They are all born in sin. We're all born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. And none of us could help each other. We stood helpless, defeated, chaos on every hand, all ununited. We could not keep the laws and ceremonies finding their weakness. and so forth. We could not do it. And it seemed like the whole human race was laid waste. Then he came, he came down because he was in the beginning. The Bible said he was the word. He was the logos that went out of God. And the logos in the beginning was the word. And he became the word. And when he ascended up on that glorious day of Easter, he became not only the word, but he became the high priest of his own word. Oh, what a glorious thing, brother Neville, to think he's not only the word, but he is the high priest of his own word. How could we doubt it? How could we walk to him and not believe that we receive what we ask for? For he is the word and the intercessor of the words. In other words, he is his word and he's the one who brings his word to pass. Amen. Praise the Lord. The the logos became word and the word became flesh and the same flesh that was the word was received up into glory. And now is the high priest making intercession by himself to his word. That's what it takes. That's the material that the church has got. What a weapon. There has never been one like it. He was the word. And when he come, he was born in a manger. He came to use the weapon of lov love to conquer the world. Not with army bullets, not with machine guns and tanks, but he came in a different manner. He came in the form of love. He was God's love. One time as a little boy, I used to think that Christ loved me and God hated me because that Christ died for me. But God had something but but God had something against me. But I come to find out that Christ is the very heart of God. God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth on him should not perish but would have eternal life. Now he come first to conquer. The thing that the devil had put in the world was hatred and he come to conquer hatred. When we win our battles and so forth in the world's battles, it always leaves continually a hatred because battles of that sort is of the enemy. But Christ come with love to conquer hatred to love those who were unlovable. He came with a different weapon and he humbled himself made a little lower than the angels to suffer death to give an example to when he was here on earth. He walked among men. He proved his weapons of warfare when he healed the sick. When he took five little biscuits and two pieces of fish and fed 5,000, he proved that he had the very he had the power over every atomic that there was. Not only did he grow fish, but he cooked fish. Not only did he grow the wheat in those biscuits, he he growed cooked wheat in those biscuits. It showed that he was that great and mighty conqueror. Not only did he get the water from the well, but he made the water, the wine from the well. He proved he had the power to conquer and he loved and his weapon was love. Amen. So, we stand in the greatest uh you know, commemorating the greatest week in history. There's never been a man like our Lord Jesus and there never will be. Amen. He came and conquered everything everything that could be conquered. Now, I'm so thankful as we can be gathered here today and we as as we look back at Easter and look back at the great events that happened 2,000 years ago that we're not just looking back at a historical standpoint of of a fact. Amen. But we're looking at it in the reality of it that we have received the whole purpose of it because we know the purpose of it was that Jesus Christ would take the sin of the world upon himself. He would carry them, amen, to Calvary, nail them to his cross. Amen. We would bear them no more. And by his blood, he'd sanctify a people that God could come and dwell in those people. Amen. So if you have the Holy Ghost this morning, you have received the full benefit of Calvary. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's why we can we look more at just an empty tomb. Thank God for the empty tomb that it's in Jerusalem. But we are the living proof that it happened. Amen. Because his life comes and dwells in us, changes our life. We are the vindication. Calvary happened. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. See, we we are the living evidence that there is power in the blood. Amen. Why? Because you've experienced it. Amen. Like Legion with that, you know, that we'll get into. He was he knew the power of deliverance. Amen. He experienced God's delivering power when he could not help himself. He came the great mighty conqueror came down, conquered those devils, drove them out of his life. Amen. And set him free. Amen. So we are the living evidence of that, you know, that the blood works. Amen. that eternal life, you know, Jesus Christ when he died, he he would redeem his people from their sins. Amen. He had cleansed them that he would live in them that through them eternal life might be imparted to others by the life of Christ now in them. Amen. As the Apostle Paul, the Apostle Paul knew the difference of between living a BC life and an AD life after death to self life before Christ. Because before Christ, he was a Pharisee of the Pharisees. Amen. He was scholarly man. He was very devout. You probably could not not put a single finger on his life. But he was just a religious man. And it was his own human ambition to ascend up that ivory tower of religion to become, as he said, the Pharisee of the Pharisees. But when he met the Lord on the road to Damascus, Amen. He became a very different kind of a man. It wasn't his own human works trying to work his way into something. He would tell the Galatians, he says, I am crucified with Christ. He says, I'm dead. Nevertheless, I live, but yet not I. Amen. There's some there's someone else living in me. Christ now lives in me because Christ liveth in me. And the life that I now live in the flesh. I live by the faith of the son of God. So he's saying I used to live a one kind of a life, but now I live a different kind of a life. And I haven't He's saying I haven't traded religions. I haven't traded a better, you know, a bad idea for a better idea. I've met him. I met the master. Amen. So now the life I live, I live by the faith of the son of God. So when you saw Paul's works, it wasn't him doing the works. It was Christ within him. Amen. And the true Christian, we don't do works, he does the works through us. What do we do? We yield ourselves and let him do it. Amen. Praise the Lord. So it's not, oh, do you have enough works or not enough works? No, it's a life that's lived. Amen. And it's it's the expression of the word. It's it's Christ living through us. Amen. It's not us, you know, you know, it's not us humanly doing it, but yet we have a part. What is that? Surrendering. Dying out. Paul said that I would die daily that Christ might live. Amen. So, hallelujah. So, the Apostle Paul knew what it was like to be a religious man. Very dedicated man. His works were very much his own. And they and they pleased man. He got prestige in the sight of man. But when he met the Lord, Amen. his own works ceased and became God's works living through him. Praise the Lord. See if I've got this here. He says this. Brother Bram says as I said in the message he says if Beth Hovind was in you would do the works of Beth Hovind. You would live the life of Bethovven. You couldn't do nothing else. Amen. You couldn't do nothing else. You would have to be Bhovven reincarnated. Amen. Because why? The spirit, the life of Bethovven is in you. You could not stop from writing music. You may say, "I'm never writing another piece of music again." But in your head, in your heart, there'll be symphonies coming out. I mean, there'll be tunes coming out. there be ways to maybe improve other people's songs and different things. Why? Cuz it's Bethovven being expressed. Amen. He says you couldn't do nothing else. You could do nothing else but compose songs. And you'd be the great writer Beethovven because he's in you. That's who you would be. You'd be an reincarnate Bethovven. And if Christ is in you, the life of Christ, you will be the lover of the word. Nothing can stand and take the place of the word because he is the word. He can't deny his own word and remain God. Amen. So it's actually a life. Brother Br makes it very strong. He says it's actually just a life that's automatically lived. You don't have to push it. You don't have to pump it. You just yield to it. And it's a life that's lived out of us. Amen. That's why a real conversion is a real conversion. It's not turning over a new leaf. It's not whitewashing something. No, we get wa washed white by the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. So now here, you know, the Lord as we as we said read in Jeremiah chapter 30, he says, "I will restore." I was looking at this listening to the restoration of the bride this week and and and the Lord has determined he's going to restore a people. I meant back to their original condition. Now, this original condition is not just making them good moral people. There's those in the world, I'm sure you know many people who are the most Christian non-Christians ever. They have good character. They got good morals. Their word is their bond. They're good, sane, sensible people. But they don't believe the Lord. So God is not restoring us back to just be that. No, he's restoring us back to the image of his word, back to what he thought of us before the foundation of the world that we're just like him. Amen. And then and then he would he would say then so that out of them would proceed thanksgiving and the voice of them that make Mary says, "I'll multiply them and they shall not be a few. I'll glorify them and they shall not be small." See, so Legion Legion needed restoring. Brother Ram says that Legion uh you know we read him as the man in the tombs, right? He didn't start that way. He didn't start as naked, demonpossessed, bound by, you know, broken chains on his wrists and hiding in the tombs. He never started that way. He was actually a good man. Brother Brham said he was actually a churchgoing man. He was married. He had children. That's why Jesus said, you know, go back to your house and show them the great things God has done. Amen. So, so, so he had a family. He had children. And yeah, I'll say I'll say his church that he went to was a message church. But you see what happens is there's always pride before the fall. And so he, you know, and and and I find it amazing that, you know, if you don't know the Lord, but you're around the spirit of God moving, for some reason, it c it brings pride into a carnal believer, someone who's never met the Lord yet. It brings a pride in, brings a brings a comparison in because they see God do things in their midst and they say, "Well, our church is better than the other one. But what about you? What about you and I? What about our walk, our, you know, our individual walk with the, you know, walk with the Lord?" So, he had seen the Lord move in services. He had seen God do many mighty things, but he didn't know him. Amen. But then he began to think he was better than most people. Why? Because he was he had the message of the hour. This is the revealed word of the day. I'm walking in it. You see? And then it's strange how with that pride if it's not if it's not God living in the person pride can creep in. And you know as as um Arman brought out there in Galatians 6 and1 if I've got it. No I don't have it here. He says brethren if a man be overtaken in a fault ye which be ye which are spiritual restore such and one to the spirit of uh in the spirit of meekness considering thyself least thou also be tempted. So, so if anyone is overtaken at a fault, don't criticize. Don't say, "Well, they should have known better." You know, don't don't say, "Well, I'm glad I'm not that person." Cuz that's not the spirit of meekness, right? Someone, you know, is overtaken a fault, they come back, you know, you don't restore them with, "Well, you better shape up this time. You should know better. I'm, you know, all these things." Why? Because if you have the wrong attitude towards that person, that same thing they're tempted with will come upon you. And so we never want to get into, you know, that we never want to fall into that category, but we should, you know, we should never have a critical spirit. You know, we should never we should never have a condescending attitude towards anyone. We should always have a spirit of meekness. Lord, thank you. You've brought them back, Lord. Lord, thank you that your blood atones for them. Lord, thank you for bringing their thinking back and bringing their hearts back to you. Lord, thank you. Lord Jesus, you've set them free. That's how we should be, right? But you see now Legion Legion started off as this good moral family man but he but he pride came in he be to open a door and it's a scary thing you know you let one spirit in it opens a door for another spirit so he never started off as I said as this man in the tombs that we read about him in the book of Luke here but he started off as a normal sane sensible believer but then now what happened is is you know pride came in and then you know like Brother would preach a sermon from that time and he'd meet someone who's a habitual liar. They can't stop lying. And that person said, "Well, it's because when I was young, I told a lie to my parents and from that time I just can't stop lying. There's something in me just can't stop it." I mean, I'll tell you what can stop it. The blood of Jesus Christ can stop it. I mean, remember, there's always a way of escape out of every situation. If there's a way of escape for Legion, there's a way of escape for you and I. Praise God. Amen. So, so you can start with telling a lie. You know, nowadays it's not necessarily smoking behind the bike sheds that kids get into. It's what are you doing on your phone? What are you hiding? You know, some some secret sin that they're protecting or someone protects. You know, what's that? That's telling a lie. You know, it's amazing. Um, this has got nothing to do with phones or anything, but yeah, I asked Lilia the other day, "How was school? What did you do?" She said, "Nothing." So, I thought, so I asked her, "What? Did you stare at a wall all day?" You know, but it was nothing. We didn't do anything. There's always the the nothing is a something. The nothing is a something, right? So, we got to we got to realize, you know, we can't protect things because we never can see where it'll take us. I doubt very much that that that Legion planned his life to end up where it did. He never expected it to end that way. But sin will take you further than you want to go and keep you longer there than you want to be. Amen. You know, people say it's just harmless fun. You know, it's a thrill. They're looking for thrills or guilty pleasures or harmless fun. Is it really harmless fun? You know, popularity can be such a trap. Now, there's no one called John here, eh? No one. Okay, so I'll use Legion's name is John. I'm going to use John. Okay, so you know, popularity can be such a trap to open doors to the enemy to drag you out. You know, maybe his friends like, "Come on, John. Come come have a drink. Come watch this thing. You know, come you know, listen to this music. Just just tell a lie. you know, tell your wife you're busy and we'll go do this and tell her we're fishing or something, but you know, and and and he wants to be popular among his colleagues at work or maybe at school, you know, and that and that can be such a trap because there's such a longing in John. I need to fit in. There's one place we want to fit in. That's in the word of God. Amen. So you but see so so that lie would open a door from that to maybe drinking, smoking, vaping, pornography then comes with that temper and of violence and drugs and you know his family environment turns from a place of happiness and a place of safety. Amen. Into a place where his children are walking on eggshells, his wife is walking on eggshells because because they have no idea what's going to come home when he walks through the door. Because you know Legion wasn't always demonpossessed. It says that off times we read there in um if I can find it uh uh verse 29 for off times it had caught him and he was kept bound with chains and in feeders. So these unclean spirits would come and go. They'd come and go. So they'd come, they'd do great damage. Then he'd come back into his right mind and say, "What's happened? What's happened to me? Why why am I why is there all this hurt now in my family? Why is such a gulf between me and my wife? And why am I doing these things I'm doing?" Why? Because the spirit would come and it would it would come and it would go and then yeah these things they bring you know they bring violence they bring anger they bring fear you know and then eventually he comes and goes at strange hours a man who is like a clockwork is very unpredictable he's been like he's been driven by these spirits and then you know then he becomes a recluse he was always wanting to be alone doesn't want people around him if you want to separate yourself from the brethren there's a problem that's the enemy trying to separ separate you and we're not meant to be divided. No man is an island. Amen. No, we all need we all need each other. He became a recluse. Always wanted to be alone. And of course, his friends, his family tried to intervene. They tried to, you know, and things got to such a desperate stage. Amen. They try and physically bind him with chains. This is this is such a last resort kind of a you if we could just put ourselves in the story this morning. such a last resort thing. If you think about there's someone you love in your family and you've literally got to try and chain them in a room to keep them from doing uh crazy insane things. But you see, demons can't be held by chains. Pardon me. Demons can't be held by chains. Spirits cannot be contained. They've got to be loose from the person. Amen. So that you know that demon power gave him such strength that he broke those chains and he ran off into the tombs. Amen. cutting himself, living among the dead in pain and anguish and shame. People would come and try and help him, try and get him out there cuz we love John. We care about him. I'm just using that name, okay? No one specific, okay? That's why I asked anyone here's name John. No, so I I use the name John. I could use Frederick or something, okay? But so you understand, I'm not no one particular, right? Amen. But you know, people would try and come and help him, but those spirits would get on him and they he just got violent and would attack them, you know? And there he was. He was naked, living among the tombs. Out of his mind, all hopes was gone. And that's how the enemy wants to pin us down by thinking there's no way out. Now, there's a famous painting. There's a famous painting called Checkmate. Now, the uh chess masters, we got I know Christine's watching Albert here. the chess masters. Um, if they really looked at this painting, they'd realize that so on the right hand side is a young man and he's playing chess with the devil to try and win his soul. But the but the devil's got the young man thinking there's no way out that he's basically it's a fourlong conclusion, foregone conclusion rather, that it's going to be checkmate. But all the chess masters, if you look at that board, you actually realize no, he's not in checkmate. He hasn't lost. He can actually win this game. But the devil tries to get us so discouraged. Tries to get us so that all of our hopes leave. I see everyone's looking at the pieces and you know, but but but that's how but but you see the look on the young man's face is, man, I'm cooked. I'm done. I cannot get out of this. And this is what this is what the devil always wants us to think. There's no way out. All hope is gone. You just got to go run through the motions and you're going to lose. But there's a way out. Amen. There's a way out. Amen. Excuse me. Amen. See, it's like life. This See, there's an angel standing between the devil and this young man. There's the master standing right there. But he's got to be called into the game. I mean, he's got to be invited to take over the game of life. You see, as this young man is trying to live life in his own way. I know the word says this, but I'm a special case. I'm going to do this. And you know, slowly, you know, slowly and surely, the devil's taking his pieces, taking his virtues, his joy, his strength, his peace, his love, taking it out of his life. And all that young man needs to do is actually talk to the angel. Say, "Lord, intervene on my behalf. I've been trying to play life for so long. I'm just losing this game." You can't beat the devil, friends. We cannot beat him. Brother Ram said, "You cannot outsmart him in your own strength. It takes the strength of the Lord. It takes the mind of Christ to whip the devil. Amen. If you've got the mind of Christ by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you'll whip him every time because you're not relying on your own mind. You're relying on the mind of the word. Amen. To come and live through your life. Hallelujah. Amen. So, so if we try and, you know, go through life through our own strength, we'll eventually lose. We need the master to step in. It's like Joshua when he, you know, Joshua needed needed the Lord to step in to take over the campaign to take the promised land. And he did as the captain of the Lord's host. Amen. As as as as um Joshua saw saw this man with a sword draw come before him and he says, "Are you for us or against us?" Joshua asking this man and and it was the and it was the Lord. He says, "No, I've come as the captain of the Lord's host. So I'm neither for you nor against you. I've come to take over your battle. I've come to lead. Amen. I'm not here to in support. I've come here to be the captain." Amen. That it's not you leading me around. It's me leading you around. Amen. That God would take over and lead our battles. Amen. And that wasn't just for, excuse me, that wasn't just for Jericho. That was for the whole campaign. So when the Lord comes and takes over your life, it's not just for one instance. Get me out of this, Lord. Help me, Lord. Set me free, Lord. It's for your whole Christian journey. Amen. And we know Calvary enabled the Lord to step into our human battles and take over. Praise God. Amen. Because we were all like Legion. The reason I read about Legion is I was him once upon a time. That was me. We were all this way. You say, "Well, I wasn't naked in the tombs among the dead." But you're caught up in the spirit of the world. You know, whatever the world was doing. I was telling um I know it was Anelise or Lilia, one of them. I was saying they're asking me about my parents and were they Christians and you know, what happened? and and and and I gave a brief ex um explanation about, you know, they really came back to the Lord when I came to the Lord. And and and I said, "You think about the impact of this. Here's your son you barely hear from." And I'm still very bad. I'm probably worse now with contact than I was then, right? But here's your son. Uh you only see him at Christmas time, you know, few times in the year because you don't live in the same country anymore. My parents went to Papa New Guinea, right? And but but then but then he starts sending emails of God working in his life. And before that he was this beer beer making beer drinking stubby wearing person. And one of them laughed. How could you wear stubbies? How could you do this? I said well look it was the fashion of the age. So you just start doing what everyone else is doing because the spirit driving them is motivating you right? And then and then but I said but then what happened was there was a time where I went from that and God got a hold of my life between visits and I come back as a Christian and I'm a different person. That had a great impact. Amen. That had a great impact. God began to work in their lives again because they saw their son was once this way. Now he's a different way. Amen. So I know what it's like to be legion. I know what it's like to be without hope. I know what it's like to be depressed. I know what it's like to say, "Well, I'm just stuck in life and this is what I got to do." You know, I know what it was like to be that way. To cry out, be feel so alone. No one understood what I was going through. I remember being like that, depressed, down, would crossm road there in Christ Church and and just in my heart will for traffic to hit me. I was so down and alone in myself. I had friends. I laughed the most around everyone, but in inwardly I was empty. So I know what it's like to be legion to be among dead things. I was living I was feeding off dead things of the world. But there was a cry in my heart then Lord help me. Help me Jesus. Whoever you are come help me Lord. Find me Lord. Hallelujah. And but the thing is when he started calling I actually stopped. I I didn't want to heed the call because I was so afraid of my friends and what would people think? And we're going to forget those things. Amen. Let's just walk with the Lord. Amen. Today. So, so I remember that call, you know, like Jesus when he when he uh you know the start of that chapter or verse 22 of Luke 8, you know, it says on a certain day he said he said to his disciples, "Let's go across the other side in a ship." On a certain day, there was a prepared time because the Lord knew where Legion was. It did not stop him, amen, from from going to go get him. He did not, you know, he allowed Legion to get to that certain spot. And I tell you friends, when you get to the end of the end of the end of yourself, that's when the Lord can step in. Amen. People say, "Well, I've hit rock bottom." Have you yet? Because you say, "Man, I'm going through such a hard, desperate time." God's trying to get a hold of your life. I mean, don't try and cover it up with religion and and I'll do well and things will be better. Let him come and meet you and transform your life because Legion came to the bottom. There was times when he was falling from being a good moral person, telling lies, drinking, smoking, you know, doing things behind his family's back and causing trouble and strife and fighting and arguing. There was a time when he was descending like this, but he had to get to a certain point where there he was. He had nowhere else to fall. He had got there. We all have that place. You know, Calvary was a terrible death. The cross was an ugly thing humanly. He was a man marred more than any other man carrying the sin of the world. Died of a broken heart. There he was. It wasn't a beautiful thing. It was a glorious thing. It was an incredible thing. But humanly it wasn't a great thing, you know, in terms of what it looked like. It was it was nasty, terrible. Death is horrible, right? But Jesus ca Jesus gave his life that we would receive his life. Amen. But he knew it was like to die out to let God, if I put it that way though, God come and live through his life to fulfill the word. We've got to come to a place where we really repent. You know, the zeal of ages to repent. It says in Revelations chapter 3, be zealous, therefore, and repent. Amen. A real more than just I'm sorry and yes, you've caught me. That's not a repentance. No, real repentance is God change. Take the sin nature out of my life. Amen. Turn me around, Lord. Lord, I'm sick of being I'm sick of being this human guy. I'm not meant to be this guy. Like I said a few Wednesdays ago, the black, you know, there's the black and the white dog. There's there's there's the flesh and there's the spirit. I say the black dog is not the real you. This carnal guy is not the real you. Amen. No, the white dog is the real you. Amen. That's the real you, friend. So, you know, so that but that black dog's got to die. Amen. To let the Lord take over. So, there's Legion. Now, the Lord crossed the Sea of Galilee to get to Legion. And I say, "The Lord came from the pores of glory to get to me." Hallelujah. Amen. He He came from heaven to the earth to come and get me. You know, he could have said to his disciples, "I've got a son on the other side." Amen. When you see him, he doesn't look like a son, but on the inside, he's a son. Amen. He's a, you know, he's one of my children. He's an attribute that I've got to go and reach. Amen. That's why we're crossing this sea. Hallelujah. And it's the same thing with us, you know. Hallelujah. Amen. is you know God when God saw us he he looked beyond this man he saw a seed he saw part of himself when you know like the angel when said to Mary you shall call his name Jesus for he shall save his people from their sins. Amen. And has he not done that? Amen. Has he not washed us from them? Separated us from them? Amen. Jesus knew the state of Legion. He knew the doors that Legion allowed to open. I mean to open to allow himself to get into that condition. but didn't change Jesus' attitude. None. Amen. He crossed that sea through a great storm because he had to he had to get to his son. Hallelujah. So there's legion. He runs out of the tombs. Jesus tells that legion of devils to get out of him. And those and those and those demons, they were they were interceding say, "We want to stay in this place. We want to stay. Let us go into those hogs. Let us let us go somewhere." And Jesus allowed them to go into the hogs. Now when those hogs when they became demonpossessed, they ran into the lake and they drowned themselves. They did not want to have one second with the devil in their lives. And you know, if we just got to a point where you have the devils in our lives that we allow ourselves to be drowned in the blood of Jesus Christ. We allow the Lord to come and take over that. We're not willing to put up with any part of the enemy. We're not willing to let and and I believe I'm looking at people who who they're not peacekeepers with the devil. We're not willing to put up with him a little bit of his life in our life. Amen. But we want to live in such a way that that because we know that he has no part in us and he has no and we have no part in him. But there are the hog farmers. They see this scene. They would have known Legion cuz he was from their town, from their area. So they saw Legion, you know, run to Jesus. Jesus there. Jesus say a few simple words of come out of him. What's your name? You can go on the pigs. Then those pigs going headlong into the sea to drown themselves. They all saw this. But notice they didn't, you know, it wasn't a big elation that came over them. They didn't start saying, "Glory to God. Our friend John is free. He's now in his right mind. Thank you, Lord. We've been praying that this would happen. We didn't know how it would happen, but it happened now, and we can, you know, we're so thankful." No. A great fear came upon them, and they went and testified in the town and all the roundabout area what had happened. But their testimony wasn't a good testimony because they didn't want the Lord. They would rather stay with a demon-possessed man in the tombs and pigs than have the Messiah and a man in his right mind and being restored. They'd rather have a demon-possessed man and pigs than have God come in their midst. So, they actually bid him to go. Amen. But now, here's this man. And when they found him, if I have this here, when they found him, when these men came back and they found Legion, they found him clothed. No, sitting at the feet of Jesus, clothed and in his right mind. And they were afraid. They were shocked at the see where where did they find him? Just like where do they find you? At the feet of the Messiah, the Lord of glory. Amen. They that that he's now identified with the Messiah. He's now identified. Sorry. He is now identified with the word of the hour. Amen. And he's no longer attacking people. He's no longer cutting himself, but he's still he's seated at the feet of the Lord Jesus. Amen. He's not naked no more, but he's clothed. Amen. He's not insane, but he's got a sound mind. Amen. It's like the Lord, you know, you know, the word says that we have not been given the spirit of fear, but power, love, and a sound mind. What is that sound mind? The mind of Christ. Amen. More than just being restored back to a good moral person. know we have received the mind of Christ. When you sit, when you meet the Lord, he changes your life, transforms you. Amen. You receive his mind. Amen. That you no longer thinking your own thoughts. You're thinking his thoughts. Amen. Brother Bram said, "Clothe me in the mind to worship him." Worship him how? In spirit and truth. Amen. Lord, I'm walking right down standing talking to the president of the United States. He comes upon me and oh holla hallelujah. I don't care. Sure not. Amen. Why? Because been clothed. Amen. given a sound mind. Hallelujah. So, we're not just a resto, as I've said, we're just not restored to be a good, honest people. We're being restored back as a son or daughter of God. Amen. As the Lord, See, the power of the blood is so complete, so thorough. Amen. It completely washes us from all our sin. Amen. Sin nature's gone. You know, all all the carnality goes. Amen. He he totally changes. The blood works. Amen. You you you just you just plead the blood of Jesus Christ over a situation, you watch God to go to work. Amen. You your family got trouble, plead the blood of Jesus Christ over them. I mean, you got sickness in your house, plead the blood of Jesus Christ. I mean, you're going into a situation you you've never been in, like a job interview or something. What do you do? Plead the blood. Lord, I'm going into this unknown. Lord, I need you to go with me. Lord, I need you to be a barrier between me and the enemy, between me and the world, that you can live through me. Lord, cover me in your blood. Amen. Because he says now, sorry. And from Jesus Christ was the faithful witness and the first begotten of the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood. Amen. So if you've been washed now, it's no longer part of you. You know, it's like a boy gets covered in mud. See, sin restricts us from walking where we should really walk. Where where should we be able to walk with our Lord in the word as a Christian? But sin keeps us from him. But then the blood washes us from sin and it's like a boy covered in mud. You see any of your children covered in mud? They walk inside. What's the first question? Stop. What are you doing here? You can't walk here in that condition. You can't sit on that seat covered in mud. You can't go on your bed covered in mud. You've got to get washed before you can walk around the whole house at liberty. Amen. It's the same thing with you and I. Amen. When when when the blood's Yeah. Hey, the boy's still the same. The mud's not part of him. Hallelujah. That's like sin. Sin's not really part of us. Amen. We may be born with a sin nature, but it's not the real you. Amen. It's not the white dog, it's the black dog. Amen. So, so it doesn't belong to us. But now, when we get washed in the blood of Jesus Christ, sin nature leaves. Amen. All the all the sin that that back, you know, stops us from walking with the Lord, walking into every divine promise is gone. Condemnation's gone. Praise the Lord. Amen. That now we have a right like a boy who's just been washed. He's clean. You know, no parent says, "What are you doing sitting on that couch?" What are you doing in your bed? What are you doing in the kitchen? What are you doing here? No, they're allowed to walk there. That's right. Amen. They have liberty. Amen. Why? because they're being washed from the washed from the world and they can walk about their house wherever they'd like to. It's the same thing with the word, friends. This is our house. This is our house, right? And because the Lord has done such a complete work, we can walk into every divine promise. Amen. We can walk into healing. We can walk into joy. We can walk into love. We can walk into restoration. We can walk into peace. Amen. We can walk into the rapture. We can walk into everything. Amen. That that God has given us. Why? because we've been washed. Hallelujah. Amen. We have been given full permission to walk anywhere in the word that pertains to a believer. Amen. It's like it says in second Corinthians, Amen. where it says now where the where you know now the Lord is that spirit and where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. And that liberty is to go free as a son or daughter of God. Amen. So you can as a slave, you can go certain places. You can't go certain places because you're not allowed. You don't have the authority to do it. But then when you become a son or daughter, you can go anywhere you want in your father's kingdom. Amen. No slave master can can raise his whip to you. Amen. No devil can raise his whip and say, "You don't belong here." You say, "No, I've been set free. I'm going free by the liberty of the spirit. I can go into every promise cuz it's every promise is mine." Amen. It's like brother Bram, you know, when he would speak in um it is the rising of the sun and he, you know, compares and contrasts two Cadillacs. He says now two, you know, one one has got the spark plug, the other doesn't have the spark plug. So, both say they're Cadillacs. They've got all these abilities, everything, but only one has the ignition to make it go. I tell you what, friends, God has given us a word that goes to its destination. I mean, when the prophet left this world, he left us with a car. that's got fire. Amen. It's got gasoline and it will travel to every divine promise. Amen. He's given a faith was released into this age. Amen. Of the original faith of the fathers. Amen. That will make us cause us to travel to every divine promise of God. Amen. It's like you look at, you know, you go on a natural drive. You're not questioning if your car will get there. You have faith. You believed your car will get you here today. If not, you would have taken another one or you would have walked or I don't know what but you would have got here somehow but not by your car. So you had faith that your car will get you here. How much more having faith that the faith he's given us will get us to every promise. It's already ours. It will take us to healing, take us to deliverance, take us to the Holy Ghost, take us to peace, take us to joy, take us to prodical coming home, take us to restoration, take us to ordained godly marriages. Hallelujah. Take us to home life that's just full of the Holy Ghost. Take us to every divine promise. Amen. God has left us that. Amen. So now what are we doing? We are actually driving in it. Amen. You got to look at your life. You've been driving places. When you first met the Lord, God gave you a faith to drive to salvation. Amen. You had all these habits hanging on your life. What'd you do? Then God drove you to sanctification. Praise the Lord. He drove you to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He's driven you. Now, this is not in any exact order, but he's driven you to healing and deliverance, all these different things. The faith that God has given you has taken you there. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, if we have liberty to go free as a son or daughter of God, then why should we listen to what the devil has got to tell us? A says in Galatians, I think I might have this one here. He says that, see if we have it here. He, you know, the apostle Paul is speaking to the Galatians and he's rebuking them saying, why would you why would you turn from the things of the Lord? I'm just paraphrasing here. Why would you turn from the things of the Lord and turn again to the weak and beggely elements where until you desire to again to be in bondage? So why would you turn to these things that are just beggely if that's the right word elements? Now that word beggy of course comes from the word beggar or a porpa. So he's basically saying why would you turn to things that are basically a beggar to let you know and let those things rule you to you know that you come into bondage again. Now Satan is the beggar, right? Satan is the beggar on this world. He's been actually stripped of all power. The only power he has is deceit. Yep. Amen. That's that you know that's all he has. Now, a beggar, the only way a beggar can get someone to to to give them things is to try and convince a passer by to give them attention, to listen to them. That's the only way a begging, you see them on the street, you know, they're asking for money, asking for things. The only way that that person does what the beggar wants is for the person to stop, listen, and agree. The beggar can't forcibly mug someone. If they do, they'll get thrown in jail, right? But you know they don't physically but they should you know but all they do is sit there saying please I need money please I need this please I need this and it's like the devil he sits there like a beggar. Amen. He sits there like a beggar and he tries to get your attention you know with and he is only as powerful as you allow him to be. That's all the power what whatever power you surrender into his hand that's the power he now has. Amen. But but it's see it's like for example this just a natural example you I was with Gabriella in her school camp there was a high ropes course I don't know how how high was that Gabes where are you high yeah up to the ceiling kind of where the steeple is up there kind of thing now all the all the children you know what do you do you get in a harness you climb up this thing and they wanted them to climb up this ladder thing and walk along a beam and then let go and then just come down you be brought down by the harness right so all the kids could physically do So the only factor that stopped them either getting up there or walking along the beam was fear because they all had the ability to get up there, right? So some kids just let full uh fear rule them completely. They they didn't even get up there. Some part way good for them for trying. Others like Gabes got up there, walked along the beam, and let go and came down. One one boy got down, did some push-ups up there. He's like, "What can I do when I'm up here?" kind of thing. Did they feel afraid? They did. But did they let it rule them? No. Amen. So, it's the same thing with you and I. The devil will try and us by fear. He's trying to He's trying to get your attention. Look, this may happen to you or you or you feel this pain. Well, it might be this or it's cancer or it's this or whatever. He tries to put that fear on you to control you. But if you give it if you get if you allow it to rule you, then he's got control over you. Right? But if you push it back and say, "No, the Lord, I'm not afraid to go to the doctor. I'm not afraid to be diagnosed cuz the Lord is my healer. He's allowed these things to come into my life that his purpose would be manifest that he would get glory out of this testimony. What then? If you have that mindset, that attitude, you're not afraid. So the beggar has no control. Amen. Praise the Lord. So we don't want to see a beggar who finds a place to live becomes a squatter. So Satan was kicked out of heaven and he is a squatter on the earth. So, he may be the god of this evil age, but he's actually just a squatter. Someone who and he and he tries to squat on God's promises and try and tell you that they don't belong to you. Who's ever had the thought, "I'm not worthy to receive this." That is the devil squatting on your promise. Jesus died that you'd become worthy. By his worthiness, the promise is yours. Not your worthiness. It's actually not in the picture. His worthiness gives it to you. Amen. So, so what is that? If you identify Satan, you're just a squatter. Get out in the name of Jesus Christ. I don't have to listen to you. No, the Lord has given me this promise. Then what? It's yours. Amen. Sickness is just a squatter. Amen. Your body does not belong to the devil. It doesn't belong to the devil. Your body is the Lord's. Amen. When his blood dropped that day on Calvary and bathed the earth, what was he doing? He was claiming this earth belongs to me and your body's a part of the earth. Amen. The human spirit doesn't belong to the beggar. Doesn't belong to the beggar at all. Doesn't belong to Satan. No. You know, I know brother says that this is like a no man's land because God and Satan, you know, made the mind as a mutual battlefield. But it isn't no man's land. It's like no man's land because that's where battles are fought because neither side has control of that space which call means it's no man's land. This is not no man's land. This is God's land. Amen. Your human spirit is the Lord's. Your body is the Lord's. Amen. So anything the devil um anything the devil can try and put in those things complexes, spiritual wounds, unforgiveness, that's just a squatter that doesn't belong to you from the beginning. Amen. We were never. It's like Legion. He was under the devil's control, but he never belonged to the devil. None of us ever belonged to the devil. He's just trying to be a squatter saying that that you know he always says this one's mine. I say no. By the blood of Jesus Christ, no, we're all the Lord's. Amen. The only thing prepared for the devil is everlasting fire. That's what the Lord said. Matthew 25:41, he's prepared that place for the devil devil and his angels. Everlasting fire. That's the squatters. Amen. That's the beggar's habitation. That's where he's going to end up. That's where he belongs. We don't belong there. That ain't your inheritance. Amen. Our inheritance is walking on the streets of gold. Amen. Washed in the blood of the lamb, walking victorious. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So there was Legion. The Lord found him, set him free, cast those devils out of him, gave him a right mind. Amen. Sat clothed at the feet of the Lord. And so what happened now is the voice of Legion changed. Amen. And he went from a a man speaking cursings and hatred and malice and strife and pain and complexes speaking and hurts and just you know trying to nitpick and always get the last word in his voice changed like we read there in Jeremiah 30:19. And out of them shall proce shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of them that make Mary. Amen. So he became a totally different man. His his life changed. Amen. He met the master. Amen. He wasn't the same legion he was that brought him into the tombs. He was a totally different man. And so his voice changed. Why? Cuz now he could he could speak with thanks. Out of out of him came thanksgiving. Can you imagine when the Lord cuz he wanted to go with the Lord, you know, with him over the sea. But the Lord said, "No, go back to your hometown, go to your house and tell them all the great things God has done for you." So there is Jesus gets in the boat with his disciples cuz the um pig farmers have bid him to leave. So he gets in the boat and he and he's traveling back across the Sea of Galilee. And there's Legion now clothed waving, saying goodbye to the Lord as he goes and maybe as the mass dips under the uh you know, as the as the boat goes over the horizon, maybe Legion stops waving and he thinks to himself, I'll see him again. I'll see him again. Hallelujah. He's changed my life. But remember, the difference between us and Legion is is God doesn't just come and set us free. He comes and sets us free and lives in us. Hallelujah. But the same Jesus that Legion saw going, he's well, I'll see him again. So now Legion begins to walk walk back into his hometown and people begin to scatter and you know Jesus I mean I mean Legion's probably singing I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them and take the name of Jesus with you child of sorrow of woe and thank God I'm free. I'm free from this world of sin. You know and then you saying hallelujah and singing hosana he goes why? Cuz a thanksgiving come out of his life. He's met the master. He's been transformed. He's been redeemed. Amen. And then people see him and say, "Man, he's still crazy, but something's happened to him. Look, he's clothed. Something's gone on." And he goes to find where his family lived. Goes to find the family house, but it's boarded up. There's there's a foreclosure sign on the front door. And he asks the neighbor, "Where's my family gone?" "Oh, they're down the alley there in some shack." So he, so Legion goes that way, goes down to the alley, sees it, sees the shack, and you know, his eldest son looks up instead of a face of laughter and happiness, there's fear comes across his face, and he screams for his siblings, run, dad's come home, and his and Legion's wife comes out trembling and afraid and wondering what's going to happen. But then, you know, she starts to run as well, but Legion says, "Hold on, sweetheart. It's different now. Hold on." Glory. I know what it's like. It's different now. He's changed me. He's changed you. That's what that day on Calvary did to you. It changed your life. Made you a new creature. Amen. Gave you a sound mind. Gave you a joy that passes all understanding. A peace that passes all understanding. Amen. So there he was saying, "Honey, it's all over. It's different now. I What happened to you? Did you turn over a new leaf?" Cuz she's afraid. She's seen him try to reform himself before. try and just pray more and try and humanly it's good to pray more but you know try and be religious about it. She's seen him do that before but he says no honey I haven't turned over a new leaf. What happened? I met Jesus. I met Jesus. I met the one that that they talked about in church. I met him in the tombs. He found me. Amen. It wasn't in some great place. It was in the tombs. He'll find you wherever you are. Whatever state you're in, whatever prison you may think you're in. Whatever tomb you're in. Amen. He doesn't want you to dwell there anymore. He wants you to live in life in peace and joy. Amen. So she she's embraced by him. Amen. And the family comes back together. You know what happened there? A mountain of fear was moved. We sung that song about this mountain being moved. The do the impossible. Amen. I know I've run out of time, but I just want to I just want to go into this because Calvary has forever changed us. We are no longer the same people. The devil wants you to think you're just not there, but you're there. You're there. You're sealed to the day of your redemption. That's what Calvary has done for us. And then so Jesus would tell his disciples, he was, you know, we all know the story where where Jesus was hungry. He saw a fig tree, but there's no figs on it. And then so Jesus cursed it, saying, "There'll be no fruit from this tree, henceforth forever." They came back the next day. The thing had already withered up. And Jesus answered that, you know, and they all marveled, saying, look at this fig tree, look at what's happened. But then Jesus said, "Verily, I say unto you, if you have faith and doubt not, you shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if you say to this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, it shall be done. And all things whatsoever you ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive." So he was after natural food. That's why he cursed a natural tree. And he was speaking about a a mountain being moved there. I say friends, I don't need a fig tree to be cursed. I don't need squirrels to be spoken into existence. I don't need a storm to be spoken out of existence. We have other mountains that need to move. But this message has restored us back to mountain moving faith. I mean, you've got mountain moving faith this morning. Why? Because the creator of heavens and earth isn't just in heaven. Deities in you. That's what Calvary did. That that same God that said, "Let there be sun, moon, and stars comes and dwells in you." Amen. So now when you begin to pray, you believe, you shall receive. It'll be Hallelujah. Amen. So there's mountains that have to be moved. I can say there's been a mountain moved off my life. Hallelujah. Amen. So I think around 2007 September is when the Lord found me. When I stopped running and I gave up, he filled my heart with his love. Changed my life. When I came to a point, Lord, take everything from me that's contrary to your word that you can come and dwell in me. That was my prayer. Change me, Lord. I don't know what to do, but you know what you're doing. Hallelujah. Around that time, the Moodley family were praying for a pastor for Wellington. Amen. So, so their prayers and also Christine, I think around that time, it it it sunk in her heart. Maybe her husband's not even saved yet. Amen. So, she begin to pray. They begin to pray. What happened? A mountain started moving. Hallelujah. A mountain started moving. Did they know who they are praying for? No. Did they know where he was? No. Do they know what condition he was in? No. But God did. God knew the mountain. Amen. And faith moved the mountain. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, my Robin had a mountain of of of tumor in her cancer in her throat. That mountain had to be moved. Amen. That mountain was moved. Amen. By faith in the word, believing we shall receive what we've asked for. Hallelujah. Amen. There's a mountain over Ben Baileyy's life. her grand her grandmother, grandfather prayed for him. Amen. Others prayed for him. But God in his season a certain day. Amen. God said, "I'm going to move that mountain. I'm going to take that mountain off his life." Cuz in there is a son of God. Hallelujah. David had a mountain of sin over his life. Unbelief. God moved the mountain. Amen. Why? By faith. Amen. We're not looking at the circumstances, looking at the promise, believing we shall receive it. Hallelujah. He's given us mountain moving faith. That's what Calvary's done. Amen. That the life of God would be expressed out of a people that we could stand in the breach. Amen. Cuz if you don't pray, who's going to pray? If you don't seek the Lord, who's going to seek the Lord? God has placed you in the kingdom for a time such as this. Amen. That's why it's so important. Stand like Esther stood. Amen. Don't knuckle down to the beggar. He's got nothing. He's got nothing to give you. He's not for you and he's got no power against you. Because if God be for you, who can be against you? Hallelujah. We could go through many names in this room. There was a mountain, but it got moved. Mountains of sickness, depression, evil spirits, sin, unbelief, trouble, whatever it was, God moved the mountain. Hallelujah. Did it happen all at once? No. Does it need to? No. Amen. Like brother says in great shining light, when you said mountain be moved and it stands there, you say, well, it didn't happen. Oh, it did happen. When you said mountain move, maybe one little insignificant grain of sand turned loose out of hundreds of billions and billions of tons. One little grain move, but it's begin to take place. Amen. Hold that faith and watch that mountain disappear. Certainly, thou shalt say in thy heart, disease move from my child. Disease move from my body in the name of the Lord Jesus. And don't doubt right there. The good germs take on new armor and a new weapon. And the enemy begins to back up. Hallelujah. He is defeated because of Christ in drinking of his mirror at Calvary. Defeated the devil and every one of his powers. And he stripped him of everything he had. And he's nothing but a bluff. He he can go with uh through with it. He'll do it. Amen. That's why we we've received that mountain moving faith. This is the whole purpose of message that we can impart eternal life. I mean, by the life that's within us can can spread. That's why when Legion went back home and the Lord told him, "Go tell go tell what the Lord has done, what God has done." It's more than just a testimony of of Jesus did it here, but but now he's not with me. No, he's with us. Amen. There's power in your testimony. There's power in the life. You know the token. The Holy Ghost has absolute power. Amen. Why? It's the power of God. Amen. It's got absolute power. That power to conquer hell, death, and the grave. That power lives in you. Amen. and creates an atmosphere around you every day. Amen. That what can cause eternal life to be imparted to other people? Can a son of God do it? Yes, he can impart eternal life by the life you live. You let the Lord live. Like Paul said, the life I now live, I live by the faith of the son of God. Amen. So Legion went back and he didn't just, you know, and and he shared his testimony what to do to prove, to vindicate, to demonstrate Calvary works. Jesus delivers. He transforms and makes people totally new. Amen. What does Calvary mean to you? What that day do to you? Did it stuff you up with some theology? Did it make you think I've got all the quotes you together to make you some proud arrogant message person? Or did it make or did it make you a Christian sold out? Hallelujah. What has it done to you? It's done mighty things. Amen. has caused you to sell out. It's caused you to become a real Christian. Amen. This is what Calvary I think friends, this is the day. If there ever should be a time when we should rejoice in the work of the Lord, it should be this day. It should be this day. Amen. That we have he has made us living witnesses of his resurrection. Amen. Proof that he rose. Why? Because when he rose, you rose with him. Amen. He's transformed your life. You're no longer legion in the tombs. Whatever tomb you're in, you're not there anymore. and you ain't going back. Hallelujah. There's nothing in you to go back. Amen. God has broke that thing in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Why? Now you return back to where you're from, publishing throughout the whole city the great things Jesus has done. Amen. Why? It makes you a living witness. Praise the Lord. So what is this? What is this? Out of uh so I'm just going to finish with this. out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and a joy uh and a voice of them that make merry. Amen. So like Legion's voice became a voice of joy. What should our voice be? A voice of joy. A voice of peace. Amen. Why? Because God's got it all in his control. That's what Calvary did. Calvary, Amen, restored man back to his proper position. Amen. Having dominion over the enemy. Amen. But we can make merry because the Lord has done great things. He's done great things in our lives and he's doing great things. He's moving many mountains. Amen. He's moving many mountains. Many grains of sand are going down. Amen. Why? Because you believe you shall receive. I mean, don't look at the size of the mountain. God spoke this universe into existence. I mean, what is a mountain of sin in someone's life compared to this universe? At nothing. You can't even see this earth virtually from Pluto. Pluto is just the edge. Well, what is the last planet in the solar system now? But you know, you know what I mean? You can barely see this planet from the edge of our solar system. How much more the other side of the universe? You can't see it. And we think our problems are so big. Yo, don't let the devil think that your problems are are bigger than God can handle. God can deal with it. Amen. And he has placed the Lord by the baptism of the Holy Ghost has given us mountain moving faith. So don't expect, it's not always instant, but one grain of sand begins to roll and then another grain, then another grain, then a landslide, then the thing comes down. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. So let Yeah. Anyway, let's have the musicians, please, this morning. That's my Easter message to you. We have the voice of triumph because the Lord has triumphed gloriously over our enemies. He set us free, washed us in his blood. We're new creatures in Christ Jesus. Amen. and and he's given us his faith to live by. Hey, never ever belittle the power of the Holy Ghost in your life. It's making an impact. It's making an impact. It's working. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. This morning, I want to sing that song again. I've been touched by his fire. Amen. Can we sing that song? Amen. Jesus blinded all my darkness. He sparked my heart with it. His grace and mercy root of passion comes to my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop, I'll shine through the night. I am a lamp made for his glory. I will not hide. Amen. I've been touched by his fire. Let the world come and watch me. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout until everyone has heard. This love will never be extinguished. It's alive and wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. Oh, I touched my fire. So let the world come and watch me. Shouting from shouting everyone. I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till everyone has heard. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. His holy fire is burning inside of me. Hallelujah. Jesus has changed my life. His name is lifting up. His holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Yes, I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shouting from the rooftop, shouting till everyone has heard. Oh, I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftop. Shouting till everyone has heard. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We got to sing that song. Amen. There's power in the blood. Amen. Transforming power. Hallelujah. Never tasted and seen. Amen. Taste and see the Lord is good. He'll transform your life. Amen. He transform mine, transform legions. Amen. Amen. Let's start with the chorus. Amen. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working cup in the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Good you, oh evil, a victory when Oh yes, there's wonderful power in his blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood, in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Would you be free from your passion and run? There's power in the blood. Oh yes, there's power in his blood. Oh, come for a cleansing to Calary son. There's wonderful power in his blood. Oh, there is power. Yes, power, wonder working power in the [Applause] blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wondering power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, would you be wider? Much wider than smoke. There's power in the love. So much power in the [Music] blood. There's wonderful power. For there is power. There is [Applause] power. The working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Jesus service for Jesus. Yoke. There's power in the blood. Oh yeah. There's power in the blood. praises to sing. Oh, there's wonderful power in. Oh, there is power. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wondering power in the precious blood. For there is power, there is power, power, wonder power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonderful power in the pressure. They sing. Would you be free from your burden of sin? Would you be free from your burden of sin? Oh, there's power in the blood. Power in the blood. to you all evil of victory wins. There's wonderful power in for there is power. There is power wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Good to be free from your passion and pride. There's power in the blood. For there's power in the blood from cleansing at Calary's son. is wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the [Music] lamb. Amen. How many of you experienced that power? Pray you all have. Amen. You testify to that. Amen. Let's bow our heads this morning. Let's pray. Gracious Father, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. We were all like Legion, Lord, in different ways, Father. We're all bound up in darkness, Lord. But you came to find us, Lord, and to loose us, Lord God, to bring us out of the prison that we found ourselves in, Lord. That prison of sin and unbelief, Lord. Thank you for washing us. Thank you for taking us out of the prison, Lord. That we're no longer in that place, Lord, like Legion. Never went back to the tombs again. He never went being bound again by chains and being a being a mad man, demonpossessed. He never went back to that, Lord, because you set him free, Lord. He is found in his right mind, clothed in your righteousness, Lord. Clothe, Father, Lord, and walking back to where he came from to proclaim that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. That your blood atones, your blood still works. We thank you, Lord. We can stand in 2025. We can have the same testimony Legion had. Lord, cuz the same power that set him free has set us free today. Thank you. We can walk in liberty this morning. Lord, I just want to pray for everyone here, Lord. Those who don't know the power of your blood, may we just heard about it, Lord. May they know it, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. May this Easter season be a death, burial, resurrection for them, Lord God. They died to themselves, Lord. They're buried. Father, in baptism, in the name of Jesus Christ, they come forth in newness of life filled with your spirit, Lord. May you grant it, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. May there be no one here that only knows about you. May everyone here say, "I know him." Hallelujah. I know him. The power of his resurrection. Grant it, Lord. I commit everyone here into your hands, Lord. We love you, Lord. Those who are watching as well, be their abundant portion in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless your friends. I'm going to turn the service to you, bro. Amen. God bless you. Then brother, brother [Music] uh Cuban, this is your this is I think you you go on Tuesday. Yeah. Yeah. We just want to pray for you before you go. It's a shame sister Christine is not here, but anyone else would like to pray for brother Ben, the brothers, you can come up. Let's um and uh let's have Oh, there's more. Let's have the I'll hand it over to brother Cubin. Okay. Thank you, Father B. You are very special to us. Uh we send you with love, but we like you said, we we want to receive you back very soon. Uh but yeah, we want to just send you with the the power of the Holy Ghost and just go make and change lives there through this surrendered vessel that you are. Let's bow our hearts, Lord Jesus. Um you've seen now the the wonderful messages he brought now to to you, a servant of you, Lord, a son of you, Lord. Someone that's totally separated as his his own life, Lord, is carnal. Um to make space, Lord, for the power and the authority of the Holy Ghost to move through him, to to to empower us, Lord, and to to lift us up and to bring us fresh mana every day, Lord. And I uh with the selfless natives that he have, Lord, and his wonderful family, a lovely, caring family that's always open their doors and hearts for everyone around here, Lord. May they be may they be blessed in abundance today, Lord. May you uplift them, Lord, and prepare them as they as they uh fly out on um on Tuesday to Canada. Lord, just prepare the way wherever they go, wherever whoever they meet, Lord, and the families and and and loved ones um also sons and daughters of the most high God that will receive them on that side. May they be blessed and may they enjoy each other's company. May they fellowship just wholly around your word, Lord. May you be in the midst of all the conversation, Lord. May you go ahead and and and keep them safe and may they not even bump their toe, Lord. May they may they just walk in righteousness. Walk where you want them to walk. Speak what they want to be have to speak. Lord, I I pray that you be with the little ones, Lord. the the the the children, Lord, and and and and uplift them, Lord, and energize them and make them so excited about this trip, but also excited that they can just share their their life story with with um with people that's that's on the in the same age and the same um walk as them, Lord. Uh and I also pray that you you bring them home safe then. Lord, I pray that you you are with with William. I we say thank you Lord for the healing that's come over his life and that he is prepared now to to go and fly on Tuesday Lord just full of energy and and and and the character that he has. We love our little duck man Lord and we miss him. We miss Sister Christine this morning as well and be with them also as they as they prepare. Uh we love you Lord and appreciate you and we just want to lift these the the special special Glorin family. Um and and may they may they travel under your wings and under the feathers of your wings in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Hey man, let's just sing one song before we go um this afternoon. [Music] The blind have sight. The deaf now hear the lame will walk. the lost drawing and with new [Music] life the dead are raised all through the power in Jesus [Music] name. The tide find rich. The sick heal. The mysteries of how God now the truth can be proclaimed. world the power in Jesus name cuz he's the name above all names. Savior and our every knee will bow. Every tongue conf no other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. thirsty [Music] filing. The chains are broken that have been slain. We're offering freedom in Jesus name. He name above all name. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow, every time. No one name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love in Jesus. For he's the name. He's the name above all name. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every time come. No other name is given by which we can save. Let us find our life and love in Jesus. For there is power. There is power and there is hope and there is love like you never know. There is forgiving and healing from your pain all through the power in Jesus name. There's power. There is power. There is hope. There is love. You never know. There is forgiveness from your face. All through the power in Jesus name. It's Jesus name above our name. Savior and our every knee will bow. Every time no other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love him. For he's the name. He's the name above all names. Savior and our Lord. Every knee will bow and every tongue confess. No other name is given by which we can be saved. Let us find our life and love on Jesus name. Oh, let us find Let us find our life and love in Jesus name. Amen. Let's just pray this morning. Lord, we thank you that you're the chain breaking God. Lord, no matter what situation we find ourselves in, Lord, you're the mountain moving God. Lord, you're the great creator. You made all this, Lord. You made everything. You made all the rules. You made you designed this whole thing, Lord. And you you've given us promises. You've given us faith to have faith in your promises and in your word. And we just thank you for this opportunity that we have this morning, Lord, to be alive. We thank you for another opportunity we have today to have faith in you, Lord, Lord. We thank you for another day as it as it dawns upon us that we can wake up and have faith in you each and every day, Lord, and trust you more, Lord, and and lay hold upon your promises more. We just thank you so much for this opportunity, Lord, that we're alive this morning and that we can we can move on in you, Lord Jesus. So, I just want to um pray a blessing upon each one as they go their way this morning. May we move forward by faith in you and in your promises in every area of our life. We pray Lord and we just commit each one to you in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. God bless you all this morning. You're dismissed in Jesus name. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] creation the song before the beginning of No point of reference. spoke to the dark, fleshed out the wonder [Music] of and as you speak the seas are born in the vapor of your breath the planes [Music] If the stars were made to worship so I can see your heart in everything you made. Every burning star a sacrif Fire of grace. Your creation sings your praise. So the God of your [Music] promise. You don't speak in vain. [Music] Once you have spoken, all nature and sight follow the sound of [Music] your [Music] ases catch your friends before we see what we all make. So I can see your heart and everything you say. [Music] paint sky. [Music] down. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Amazing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] you [Music] so cry out in silence. So alive. Some of all our praises still fall. Sing again a 100 million times. So alive. God of salvation. He chased down my heart through all of my favor [Music] and on a hill. You create the light of the world abandoned in darkness [Music] together. And as you [Music] speak disappear when you lost your life. so I could find it. If you left the grave behind you so alive. If you left the grave behind [Music] [Applause] so I can see your heart and everything [Music] done [Music] for you gladly chose surren [Music] Surren I can see your heartache away. [Music] Every precious one child say you gave your life to love and soul like you would 100 time. [Music] You're the one who never leaves. The one You're the one who never leaves. The one You're the one who never leaves. [Music]
