################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-08 - 070126 - Look and Live - Bro Meshack Mutisya - Meshack Mutisya.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-08
Title:    070126 - Look and Live - Bro Meshack Mutisya
Speaker:  Meshack Mutisya
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 47m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_o6YukPwoE
========================================

Description:
Wednesday Evening Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. God bless you saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Let's just stand this evening as we open in a word of prayer. Thank you Lord our most gracious heavenly father that we could be here today Lord that we could come into your presence Lord Jesus to hear from you once again Lord that you could work in our midst Lord Jesus and Lord as we've all come prayed up tonight Lord and and ready to hear from you Lord I pray you speak through brother Mshach Lord use him as a microphone Lord to to speak what you have for us Lord Jesus this evening and Lord I pray you be with those that couldn't make it this evening be their portion Lord and Lord I pray you be with the band as we play Lord may your ATM atosphere just feel welcome in this place. Lord Jesus, you said where two or three are gathered in your name, Lord, there you are in the midst. And we believe it tonight, Lord. I pray you just take over the service, Lord. I pray it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. There we go. Yes, of course. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. And if you're walking through the valley and there are shles all around, do not fear. He will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you. Don't forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. all time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. And we were sinners so unworthy. So for us, he chose to die. filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. That is love. His everlasting and his mercy they will never end. God is good all inside. He put a song of praise in this heart of life. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. God is good. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. For God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good all the time. Before the world began, you knew my name and held me in your hand. When the earth was silent, I was there with you singing your praise. and I came to the earth and I took my first breath and the cry that I made was sing your praise. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling my name. Took my sin and my shame and you save me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. When I started my journey, I didn't know I was not. You were there with me in every heart, every low. Then you start to call me from eternity. Salvation of now through your blood. I'm redeemed. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling my name to my sin and my shame. and you saved me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. Hosana. Jesus has conquered the grave. Hosana. I was lost, now I am saved. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus has conquered the grave. Hosana. I was lost. Now I am saved. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling my name. Took my sin and my shame and you save me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you is in your presence. That's where I saw in your praisees. Oh Lord my God in your praise. That's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your grace. Feel the clipp on the rock is in your presence. Oh God. And I want to know where the rivers get up. where I go out. I want to hide where the blazing fire can hurt me. In your presence, oh God, is in your presence. That's where I am strong in your presence. Oh my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace is the gift of the all be your presence, oh God. I want to hide where the blood of people cannot me where the scales of darkness can not touch me in your presence. Oh God is in your praise. That's where I am strong in your praise. Oh Lord my God in your presence. That's where I belong. Seeking your face, suching your grave in the cliff of the rock. May your presence see your presence. See your presence. That's the right song in your praise. Oh my God, in your presence. That's where I belong. Seeking your face. I sing your praise in the depth of the in your presence. Oh, cuz there is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all eternity. Lord, never find like you. Is your mercy for life and healing comes from your head. Suffering children in your eyes. There is none like you. There is none. There is none like you. There's none like you, my Lord. No one else can touch my heart like you. Rock stars for all eternity. Lord and there is none like you. There is none like you, my Lord. There is none like you. No like you, my Lord. No one else can smile like you. I can search for all eternity all and find you. I could search and I could search for all eternity Lord and find you before brother Michelle comes up cuz I know what it's be in the presence of the Lord. And I know what's because I'm stood still. What is the families restored because we stay here in the presence of Oh, no one had to say a word. Couldn't even make a sound. I give up everything for this treasure I found. I want I want more. I want more. I want more. Oh, I want more Jesus. I want more. So I say stay. I don't want you to go. Cuz my heart is in your presence. Oh, so please stay. I don't want you to go. Oh, my heart is burning in your pres. I want more. I want more. I want more. I want more. I want more. Jesus. I want more. And I want more. But I want more. I want more. I want more. Jesus. I know. I say stay. I don't want you to go cuz my heart is burning in your presence. Please stay. Please stay. Cuz I don't want you to go. My heart is burning. in your presence, oh Lord. Amen. Thank you, Josh. Thank you, musicians. Let's turn to our Bibles in Isaiah 45 22-23. Look unto me and be ye saved. All the ends of the earth, for I am God, and there is none else. I have sworn by myself. The word is gone out of my mouth in righteousness and shall not return that unto me every knee shall bow and every tongue shall answer. We also turn to Hebrews 12:2, looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. We'll also read Psalms 35 3-6. And just to save time, we'll just read verse 5. They looked unto him and were lightened, and their faces were not ashamed. Let's pray. Our most precious heavenly father, we bow in your presence this evening. Oh God, we are so thankful once more, Lord, to give us another opportunity to assemble us in your house, Lord, to hear from thee, oh dear father. As a human being, Lord, I have nothing to offer. But father, I depend on thee, Lord, dear God. Come down, Father, and speak with your children, Lord. They came from their homes, Father, expecting to hear from thee, dear God. And father we come unto thee to ask for it. We commit the service into your able ends. Father take away our sins. Oh dear father. And the word that we've read Lord let it be a reality in our lives. We commit it into your ends for ask it in Jesus name. You can take your the comfort of your seats. So this evening we are going to speak on a subject of look and leaf and see how the Lord will lead us. I will try to make it like a Sunday school with so many pictures. As you know it's very hard to stand this side facing this way. It's always easier to be on that side looking the front but when you come to this side it's a place I've always been scared to be and I'm nervous. So I will I hope you will support me with your prayers and your amens. &gt;&gt; Even if the point is not strong, just say amen. They say the people who just nod are from the people from the land of nod. So I don't believe anyone here is from nod. So it's just a revision for the for all of us. But for the children they will have some pictures to enjoy. I was uh encouraged this morning when uh pastor sent the message in the morning and it was the same fast that I had already prepared my sermon on and I saw it then I thought well it must be the hand of God. Okay, now coming back to our subject look and live. So how do we look? We have different ways of looking. But the question is how do we look? Everybody's looking. Everyone is looking for something. &gt;&gt; And looking for something to happen. When our friend Marion goes for hunting, he always look to tune his gun to make sure that when he eats the target, it doesn't miss. &gt;&gt; So, different people are looking. Sorry, I have two screens to play around and pastor is used to it. So, I'm still learning. So we know that the world is constantly watching the skies. Every nation are surrender screen for defense. They work like magic eye watching the sky for everything that appears such as atomic missiles. When something is detected, they have the system that can trace it back to where it was sent from. The prophet in 1963 he said everything is looking the Ford company is looking to make better food. The chef is looking make to make a better chorate. Phoenix is looking to make a larger and better town. The nation is looking for a more territory so it can spread itself. The church is just looking is looking for more members. But the bride is looking for the coming of our Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; When the prophet was speaking these words in 1963, it was different from but he knew what will happen in the future. The God had given him the prophecy. &gt;&gt; Look at what is happening now in 2026. It's not just temporarate. It's not just Ford. We have Tesla. We have iPhones. We have big cities. &gt;&gt; So similarly countries are competing. Look at what with the different systems who has the best security system. &gt;&gt; So everyone is looking. See what happened between Venezuela and the US the other day. &gt;&gt; They were all looking even Venezuela was looking. Yeah. &gt;&gt; On the message look, we are all looking. Depends on what the voice is trying to tell you to look for. Some of us are saying look for this. And if if it's a church, we are saying we want to make more this year, more members. That's all right. But the voice that is trying to say to you this morning is like a writer of this epistle we believe to be Paul which is saying looking for the coming of Jesus Christ the second time looking for him. In order to do it you got to see something before you can tell somebody somebody else to look at what you are seeing. So basically before you tell somebody look at that you need you need to have seen it then you tell him look even when the supernatural cloud was photographed over Arizona in 1963 the world didn't know about it they tried to research different sidists they tried to turn it this way turn it this But because we have the word for the day, the prophet came and said, "Well, if you'll turn the picture like this and look, you can probably see from the audience. It's Christ." See his eyes looking ear just as perfect as it could be, wearing the wigs, white wigs of supreme deity and judge of all heavens and earth. Can you see his eyes, nose, his mouth? Just turn the picture from this. The way they they edit this away, the way it is supposed to be and you can see it. There we have it in the right when it stand well. its supreme judge. There is none other but him and that is a perfect identification again vindication that the message is the truth. &gt;&gt; This is the truth. It is true and making him not the third person but the only person. Yeah, &gt;&gt; with the white. See, you can see the dark his face, his beard, and his eyes. And notice he is looking from his from his comes the light shining on the right hand side to is to which he is looking to. And on the cross, that's where he looked to the right where he pardoned the sinner. In the light of his resurrection, we still go forth in his name. That is on the message. It is the rising of the sun. And the greater is Solom than Solomon is here again. He came and said, Paul said, pressing to the mark of the eye calling, I go forward. I go forth. I go forward. I know Mr. Moody was a great man. Mr. Whistley was a great man. The Pentecostal move, the Baptist move were great. But let's press towards the mark of the eye calling in Christ. Do don't look through a rear mirror &gt;&gt; 40 years ago. Look what is tonight. When you are driving and you are looking at the back, you will crash. So it's the same way with our message. Let's not look at what others did. Let's look at what he is doing &gt;&gt; and what is what he has prophesied and what he has promised is going to happen. &gt;&gt; Look what the scriptures promises tonight. He did promise them in that day but we are living on above there now. We are going on. God makes himself known at the end of each world system. &gt;&gt; Look at the end of at the time of Noah. At the end, everybody knew there was God. &gt;&gt; But when Noah was telling them, let's build the ark, there will be rain. No one could listen. &gt;&gt; It's the same today. When we talk of the message, we talk of the word. No one wants to listen. It just sees as weird people going into our church. But like it was in the days of Noah, we know what is the truth. And we thank God for revealing all this to us. Look especially unto me at the end of each world system because he's always he always makes himself known so real at the end of the world system when it's coming to its end. Look unto me all ye ends of the world. But what is the question? What do you see when you look? That's a question we should ask ourselves. It depends on what you look for. That's what you find. I looked at the definition of look. It's the act of directing one's gaze in order to see someone or something. The verb is direct. One's guess towards someone or something or in a specific direction. When we look at Genesis 15:5, he says, "And he brought him forth abroad and said, look towards heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to number them." And he said unto him, "So shall thy seed be." So there's always God has always wanted people to look it in a diff in a certain way. In Genesis 41:33, "Now therefore, let Pharaoh look out a man discree and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt." So Pharaoh also had to look in a certain way. He had to look for a certain man. Exodus 3:6. Moreover, he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. You know, it's not easy to see God face to face. And that's why Moses was when he he had the chance to see him face to face, he hid his face. Somebody else looked at the back. Genesis 19:17 it says, "And it came to pass when they had brought them forth abroad that he said, escape for thy life. Look not behind thee. Neither stay thou in the in all the plain. Escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed." But what happened? Lot's wife looked back to see what is happening. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And what happened? He turned to a pillar of salt. So if God tells you this way, you need to go this way. If you look back, there are consequences for it. So we need to look to the word. So what could we look that is more solid than God? There's none. Look at this world. Everything is passing. &gt;&gt; We can see so many people were great and it all passed. And now God is saying here look unto me I am God and there is none other. And I wonder in the time that we are living now, what could we look to that to that would be more solid than God and God is the word. So look to the word of God today for your answer. The Bible as the answer for this day. It add it for other days. It's got it forever because it's the Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Bible has the answer because the Bible is the revelation of Jesus Christ being revealed since the foundation of the world. He has been revealed in the form of prophets. He has been revealed in the form of kings. He has been revealed in the form of lawgivers because that's what he is. King, prophet, lawgiver. And God now he said look to me. But people look for him again also for the wrong reasons. I will let the prophet say it well. and you say, "I've done that." It depends on what you look at &gt;&gt; determines what you look at is where and what you look for him for. What are you looking at, what purpose do you have in looking at him? It's only it only depends on what you are looking for. That's what you find. Usually people come to a meeting, religious gatherings. Some of them go to find big crowd or people to sit with. &gt;&gt; Oh, I hate to say this, but it's true. Some go to church just to show their clothes. &gt;&gt; You bought a new cloth. You are asking when will it be on Sunday or Wednesday for me to wear it to go to be seen where I'm smart. is the wrong reason. &gt;&gt; Some goes to church because they say this is the biggest church in the city. How many people in this city they say go to those the bigger churches? They say no that is small. I want to go to the big one in the it got the best name. a certain class of people goes to this church then that's wrong or your friends go to this church so I need to go to that church that's the wrong motive you are not looking to the right thing that's that the church is established for God said look to me that's the The very reason that Jesus was not understood when he came to earth, if they would have only looked in the word of God instead of their traditional tradition of that day, they would have known he was the son of God. But how did they look at him? They say, "We know his father and we know where he comes from." So from that region uh no God cannot come from there but they missed it. The Bible plains declares his full coming and he come in full revelation of the word and each generation reveals him in the full revelation that is looted for that time. This generation must reveal Jesus. That's the revelation of him that is promised in the word must be refilled to this generation. If the churches would receive it, somebody else will rise up and do it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we know God keeps his word &gt;&gt; and what God said, he will always make sure that he performs it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's look at uh Abraham. &gt;&gt; We go to some examples. Now, Abraham knew that his body was as good as dead. But he considered not his own body. &gt;&gt; He considered not the deadness of Sarah's womb. A young girl he had married his half sister lived with her all these years and now she is 90 years old. Just imagine that. And he is 100 years old. But he didn't even think about that. He didn't even it didn't even come to his mind that I'm 100 years. She's 90. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Why? Because he focused all the unbelief out. That's what the church should do. That's what each member of the church should do. We focus out all of your doubt out. Look only to the word. It is promised. God said it got to be that way. And you know, he made us a promise for this day. And our promise today is just as sure as to be refilled as it was to Abraham. For we are the children of Abraham. Being dead in Christ, we were Abraham's seats and hes with him according to the promise. Some look to see him through the myth as a myth, a Santa Claus. Look at Christmas. Many people don't know God but during Christmas they are just thinking about Santa Claus and all that but they don't know anything about Christianity or some of them look to him as some historical act that God did many years ago. Some of them look to him yet as a baby in a manger. But the question is what do you see when you look to at him? Do you see the second person of trinity or do you see a trinity? Three in one. You only see him as you look at him through the word. That's the only way you know it because he is the word. &gt;&gt; It refill himself. Depends on what you're looking for. You see him as his look as you look at him through his word and recognize him. Let's look at Gazi example. Sometimes there are things that are happening around us that we cannot understand. Others are saying are seeing this this way and you you are seeing this way. Look at how looked at it. When he looked at it, he saw army saw many soldiers coming to fight. Look at Dan down there that day when Elijah had been surrounded by the Syrian army and his faithful servant Gazi who looked with him, waited at him, who lived with him, waited at him, cooked for him, and kept the clothes clean, poured water on his hands, was right with him day and night, listened to him teach and preach. And that morning when he woke up he looked out and he seen the Syrian army all around. He said, "My father Halas, look at the opposition. We have a old Syrian army." But what did Elijah see? &gt;&gt; The opposite. Something totally different. You see Elijah when he rose up, he looked the same the same place Gazed looked and what did he see? And so he prayed, "God, open this young man's eyes. Now his eyes were wide open, but he said, "Open his eyes that he might see." And when his eyes, his spiritual eyes, not just the natural eyes, came open, the old mountain was full of chariots of fire and angels all around the that prophet. See, it was a different it was different when his eyes came open. Look at Moses again. As a young man looked through the palace window at the slaves, he saw the same bunch of grim dirty mud ridden slaves that Pharaoh saw. And when Pharaoh looked upon them, the Egyptian, they wasn't nothing but a bunch of slaves. That's all we are good for. just to the human mad dabber to make muddy bricks for the benefit of the cities that Pharaoh was building. That's the way Egyptians and Pharaoh looked at the slaves. But Moses when he looked at them, it was a different look. when is he seen passing by the windows the great ditches in their faces and tears that rain down from their cheeks and their bent bodies. He looked upon them as the people of God. He didn't look upon them as slaves. He looked at them as the chosen people of God. So he look Pharaoh was looking at them as people for his work &gt;&gt; to make he build his cities but when Moses looked at them he saw his children of God. So now it depends on how you look at it and the revelation that you have to look through the word and when you look at Jesus as the promise word of the hour then it will be revealed to you. If you look at him, you will see that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; The same Christ, &gt;&gt; he looked I'll start from the beginning. It's just like a man is always talking about how great God is and what he has done. How what things he is going to do and not seeing the things he has he is doing right now. He looks at him in history. He looks at him in prophecy but forgets that he is the doing the same right now as he did then. That's just right. So we always look at all the histories what happened in the past but we forget what he is doing right now. &gt;&gt; It wasn't easy for Noah. It wasn't easy for Abraham and the people who lived those those times as it is not easy for us. But when you look at all that you find ours is very easy simple just believe the word of God. Simple. &gt;&gt; Amen. It doesn't ask you to stop smoking, stop drinking, stop doing that. Just believe the word of God. He will do the rest. &gt;&gt; I look at another example. After the Easter morning, the disciples walked towards a mouse, sorrowful and confused. A man joined them and walked with them all day speaking of Christ. They were talking about what had happened and he was crucified and all that with him until the whole day it's a long journey when they invited him he did something the same way he had done before his crucif crucifixion because they walked then they had reached where they were going Then he was almost passing. Then they invited him to come with him. Then that is the time they realized oh is this not the same Jesus? We look at another example is what did Isiah see? When he looked, he saw one was called counselor, prince of peace, mighty God, everlasting father. That's what he saw. And another example is Daniel. What did Daniel see? A stone. He said, "I saw a stone eed out of the mountain without ants, and it rolled into the kingdom of the worlds and broke them into pieces, and they bowed away like a chaff upon the summer thrashing floor. and the stone growled into a great mountain that covered the whole earth. That's what he said about him. We also have another example of Nebuchadnezzar. What did he see? He drew the three believing children, Meshach, Shrach, and Abednego in the fairy furnace. But when when he came to look, what did he see? He Nebuchadnezzar said he looked like son of God. That's what he saw when he looked into the crime that he had done. There was one that was looking like the son of God. We have another one. Ezekiel, what did he see when he looked? Ezekiel looked away to see him one day and he was a wheel in a middle of the wheel way up in the middle of the air. He was the AB to the wheel where every spoke is spoke is fastened to. Amen. The big wheel run by faith, but the little wheel turned by the power of the Lord. That's who Ezekiel saw when he looked away. What about Jonah? He was in the belly of the whale because he had gone against the word of God. What God had asked him to go, then he decided to go the other way. But the whale swallowed him. But when he came to his senses, what did he see? Jonah was in the belly of the whale, deep in the sea. Yet he refused to look at the circumstances. He said, "Once more will I look towards your holy temple." So even in the belly of the whale, he could see the holy temple. &gt;&gt; He knew there is where I belong and I'm going there no matter the circumstances that I'm in. He look he was looking to the promise connected to it. What about John the Baptist? He looked one time and what did he see? He saw a dove and a voice saying, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell in." That's what he saw. Then he saw Jesus and God being the same person because spirit come down from heaven like a dove saying this is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell. That's what he saw. And you know John was the greatest of all prophets. Why was it so? Let's hear what the prophet says. John the greatest of all prophet, he was one that introduced Jesus. Jesus said he was greater than any man had been born. Did you ever think that why why that was? All the rest of them spoke of him. The word of the Lord come to a prophet. Does the bi the Bible said so? And in the other prophets in all the other prophets, it come to them in Ephesians. But when the word came to John, it was flesh. He is the one who introduced the Messiah. Jesus was the word. He is the word. He's always the word. But is where the fullness of God was made flesh and dwelt among us. When it came to him in the water, he was a prophet. And if the word made flesh, it is made flesh, it got to come to a prophet. The word wherever it is, it must come to a prophet because the prophet is the one the word comes to. And John was the prophet for that day. It's the same way. Even the word here, it comes to the pastor. You see the prophet said everyone should look for a church home church where is pastored. You look for a pastor who is able to pastor your needs and the pastor because every region is different. If you are in Northland, if you are in US, if you are in Kenya, if you in South Africa, it's totally different. And God comes in a mighty way to the pastor of that local church. And all the needs for that the people in that church are addressed through the pastor. &gt;&gt; Let's look at Noah. When he looked away to see him, Noah saw the just judgments of God coming upon the people of this world who had rejected his word. That's what Noah saw. What about Moses? When Moses looked, he saw the a bush of fire, a pillar of fire had brought itself back in the bush. And when Moses Moses drawn close to it, he said, "Take off your shoes, for I am God." Now, if you would weigh that word, I am. It's past, it's past tense, present tense and future tense. I am eternal. I am e. I am. He saw the I am. That's what he saw in the burning bush. So the question is, what do you see when you look? Do you see in him when you look? Do you see that? Do you see that he was weded for transgression &gt;&gt; with his stripes we were ill? When you look away, can you see that? Or can you just see one side of atonement? Can you see both sides of it? When you look if you look at it through the creed they will tell you the day of illing is passed but if you look at it through the word you will see he is the same yesterday today and forever. So people they will say ah he will used to ill people during the time of prophet and it's passed they are no healing now but illings are here &gt;&gt; every Sunday we come here we see people coming here and getting healed &gt;&gt; because he's the same &gt;&gt; and he will remain the same until he's coming &gt;&gt; we look at another example Job. He stood and looked. He seen his flesh, all corrupt, all corruption. He had seen blood over him. He seen the boils over him. His wife came to came. His church members left him and accused him of being a secret sinner. His wife came and said, "You look miserable. Look at the way you look. You keep on worshiping this gold and look. If you look if it was you as in human, you will start thinking is it true? Am I believing the right God or &gt;&gt; but he looked at it differently. Then what did he say? Why don't you curse God and die? Instead of all this trouble you having, just cause cast God and die and finish all this trouble here forgetting that you will go again to another trouble. He said, "Thou speaketh like a foolish woman. The Lord gave and and the Lord taketh away. &gt;&gt; Blessed be the name of the Lord." And about that time when he had stayed with the word. &gt;&gt; Then the lightning began to flash and the thunders rolled and the prophet looked and toward the sky and he said, "I know my redeemer liveth." &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; He will stand in the last days upon this earth. Though after the skin sworns have destroyed this body, yet in my flesh I know my redeemer liveth. Whom I shall see. We also had mother. When he looked, what did he see? He saw resurre resurrection. He was the resurrection and the life. Though he had been rejected and seemed delayed, when she finally looked at him, he found life. Jas also looked upon him and he also found resurre resurrection and life also. Then what did the disciples see when they looked when they were with Jesus and Jesus slept then they thought ah we've been fishermans for long so we know how to maneuver ourselves through the sea but it reached a point they had to look for someone &gt;&gt; and when their eyes were open. They looked at Jesus and they saw him walking on on water. So they saw El the angry people. They looked at him one day and they found sustaining bread. A type that angry today that the angry today can find the bread of life. Not find a creed. You don't find a founder. You don't find a reformer. You find life when you find Christ, the bread of life. We also add the thief at the cross. It was done. It was dying for his sins. He knew I have no problem. The two thieves we are fine. They knew ah we've committed all the crimes and this is it. But when he looked, what did he see? Remember me, Lord, thou when thou cometh into thy kingdom. Jesus said, "Today shalt thou be with me in paradise." That's what he saw in the hour of his death. So he had just few seconds for few minutes to die &gt;&gt; and just looking in the right direction &gt;&gt; at the right time. God was there and he was saved. They were together in paradise. &gt;&gt; So it doesn't mean it doesn't matter what you do if you look at the right time at the right place which is the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; You save your life. What the sick saw? They saw Aila. The bllight looked and they could see. Depends on what you are looking at now. The poet. He looked one time and what did he see? You know, Fan Crosby was a blind man. If I can bring this I recite about him. He wrote more than 8,000s. So some of the most of the many we see he wrote them and he was blind since he's he was young. She was young. She wrote some of the famous songs like blessed assurance. Jesus is mine to be the glory. Pass me not, oh gentle savior. Jesus tenderly is calling safe in the arm of Jesus. But she was blind all her life. But one time before she died, she wrote, "Thou the stream of my comfort, more than life to me. Whom have I on earth beside thee? or whom in heaven but thee. &gt;&gt; We also had another Eddie Perro. He also wrote. So what happened with the Eddie Perro? He could not sell his songs. He had tried everything. His songs were not selling. But one time in his office he got an inspiration and what did when he took his pen to write? What did he write? Oh hail the power of Jesus name. Let the angels prostrate fall bring forth the royal dad and crown him Lord of all. We have someone else, the woman at the well. He got to look one time and what did she see? She expressed it in the city and she said, "Come and see a man who has told me things I've done. Isn't this the very Messiah?" when you took her first look when she took her first look at Jesus Christ, she saw the Messiah. So what must we see today? We know Jesus promised these things. He said, "As it was in the days of Lot, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man. So shall it be when he comes. We see these things happening also. God works in unusual ways. Think of Joseph Mary being pregnant and then he says it is of the Holy Spirit. It's very hard humanly to understand that. But that's how God works. Noah again the people are looking at a fanatic. They could not understand this old man has been building this thing since the last 10 years, 20 years. He is still building. He says there is rain that is going to come. The scientists try and look there's no rain in the skies. There's no clouds. It has never rained for a long time. So what is he talking about? So they saw him as a a fanatic, a so-called bot, a foolish old man against science and reason. They mocked him, piered him, and passed him by, not knowing that the very thing they mocked was the only God's way of escape. Then what did Pharaoh saw? He looked one time and he saw a fanatic also called a prophet, a slave claiming deliverance. He mocked him as insane. But Moses had the th says the Lord. The believers that is Aaron, Joshua and the rest of them, they saw God in Moses. For the words Moses did, it proved that God was with him. We have somebody else, the rich young ruler. What did he saw? When he looked, he saw the potentials, but his organization was greater than what he could do through it with it. When where is his next look? He was in L. He looked out of hell and judgment came to him. He was the next that is the next time he looked. Then he was asking for a drop of water just to quest just to touch his tongue. But it was there was a big gap between him and then the Roman soldier that helped nail him there had punched the sword through his art. Then he looked but it was too late. He realized it was this was the son of God. But it was too late. He looked and he believed, but it was too late for him to believe. What he had done had sealed his doom. He had run the spear through the savior's heart. It was too late. I wonder how many people how many Roman Romans today have done the same thing. You look you might look at somebody and but it might look too late. Many of today many of us today will come in the day Let me come to this and pilot. What happened? He looked at Jesus. He knew he was blameless. But he washed his hands but he could not do anything because of the politics of the time. He decided no let him be crucified. Judas also Jesus was crucified. He also took a look and he realized I've done the wrong thing. I went for the silver but this was the Lord Jesus Christ. So did the money help him? No. He went and he yanked himself. as we drive this home. Uh, one day a mother I'll just go through this story of this young man that this man one day young a mother mother's boy had been killed had killed a man. He was laying there ready to die in prison. So the mother stood at the governor's door brokenhearted. Her son was guilty. No question about it. This court had proved it. He deserved death under the law. Yet she knew something was greater than just than justice existed. And what was that? Mercy. She fell at the governor's feet and pleaded, not dying her son's guilty, not denying her son's guilty, but appealing to the only one who could pardon him. Our cry touched the governor so deeply that he did not send the messenger. He went himself to the prison. That's the governor there. He went himself to the prison. But what happened inside the cell said the ardent young boy rejected council and build a wall around his art. When the governor spoke, the boy refused to listen. "Get out of here," he said. "I don't want to hear it." Mi stood at his door and he turned it away. As the governor walked out, the guard asked, "Did you help him?" The governor replied, "No, he wouldn't listen." Then realization struck the young man. The boy grabbed the bus and cried, "Who was that?" Just a moment. That was the governor. He had come with your pardon. Too late. Then he screamed. He cried. He said, "Think of it the governing ear in the cell to pardon me, but I refused it all." Before they put the black mask on him after he had walked 30 steps, his last words were, "Think of it. The governor stood in my cell for pardoning and I turned it down. And what happened? They him because he refused a pardon. A pardon is not a pardon unless you accept it. And the last one. One morning, one of the greatest morning in the history of all time. In closing, I'm saying this, there's some something happening in the Jerusalem. And all at once, a bunch of soldiers came down to the jail. I can hear the jungle, the giggle of the chains here and dragging on the spear on the street. Who is that in there? Barabas asked. Is he's is ready to die. He's a thief. He's no good. He's a robber. He's a murderer. He's going to die. First thing you you know, he said, "Well, it is all in for me. It will be executed this morning. The first thing you know the guard opened the door. Step out Barabas. He stepped out and said well guess this is the end. He said Barabas you are absolutely free. He could not understand. You are free. I said, "How come I can be free? I've done all these things. How comes I can be free?" He said, "Come here. Look at that man up there. &gt;&gt; He took all your sins. He's he's ready to die for you." I wonder if all tonight could look and see that what Baraba saw. Someone taking our place. &gt;&gt; He was weded for our transgression, bruised for our iniquity, the chestening of our peace was upon him. With his stripes, I was healed. &gt;&gt; You were healed. Amen. &gt;&gt; Wonder if we the guilty ones who should be sick can see him in our deliverance. Has the musician come? What am I trying to say? Is this that we see clearly fedicated word like pilot and the rest of them did like Roman soldier. But are you going to wait too long to do anything about it? He should ause the spear the other way. The door will be closed like it was in the days of Noah. and then it's too late. You might wake up some morning and say, "I intended to get out of this mess." Don't be too late. You better look and leave now. Is there one in here tonight would say, "Brother Brham, ask God to be merciful to me. I want to look and see him different. I've looked at him and guessed. I've looked at him and wondered. I've looked at him and questioned. Really? Did he care for me? Does he love me? Is all these things that seem that have been said about him, is it true? I want to know if it's true. Will you ask him to reveal it to me tonight? Will you raise your hands? Lord bless you. That's good. everywhere. Precious Lord, there is so much wrought about you. We know that you are the same yesterday, today and forever. We pray Lord that tonight when we look that we will see Jesus Christ. You promised in your word that the works that you did we would do al you we would do also. You promised in the last days that you would be back here on earth in the form of the Holy Spirit. The church would be full of power and Holy Spirit. You said a little while and it would it would do the world no good to look cuz they won't see it but you shall see it for it will be with you even in you to the consumation. Lord Jesus, while there is still an opportunity for a man to look, may they look tonight and see him in his power of resurrection. He is not dead, but he is life forever more, ready to make intercession for those who are ready to confess him. Grant it, Lord, in the name of our Lord Jesus. can give us a song as the pastor comes. &gt;&gt; Jesus is mine. Oh, what takes all glory of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit and washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. I'm praising the Savior all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight, visions ofture now burst on my side. Angels descending bring from above. Echoles of mercy whispers of love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. &gt;&gt; Let's go to verse two. I mean, let's all stand tonight. Perfect salition, perfect delight. Visions of rapure now burst on my side. Angels descend thee. Bring from above the echoes of mercy. Whispers of love. This is cuz this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Amen. What do you see when you look? Do you see a religion? Do you see a prophet? Do you see a nice way to live? Or do you see the full atonement? Do you see Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? Our lovely Lord Jesus. Thank you, brother Mach. Really enjoyed that. God bless you. Thank you very much. God bless you. Amen. It's just a four-letter word. Look, there's a lot in that look. I trust that everything you go through in life, you'll look at it through the eyes of the word and see God is in control of every part of your life. We're never out of his care. We can look with scriptural eyes like brother Mach was saying tonight. And amen. Praise the Lord. I'm so happy he gave the Lord gave us eyes to look and see him for as he is. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. If you want to just want to slip up your hand say Lord help me to look clearer. Give me greater clarity Lord when I look at every situation myself I look at your word Lord I want to see all that you are. Gracious gracious heavenly father as we bow our heads. We Lord we're so thankful we could hear this message tonight to look and live. We want to say thank you Lord that you gave us ability to look. Thank you Lord. You sent a vindicated voice to point us in the right direction Lord into your word to see you the same yesterday, today and forever. I pray father for everyone here Lord may touch every heart dear God. And I pray Lord that every situation we come Lord we come into in life whatever tomorrow holds Lord may we look through it or look at it Lord through your word Lord Jesus knowing that you're the same yesterday today and forever you're in full control grant it father and Lord we don't just want to see half of your atonement we want to see all of it Lord we want to see all that you are so Lord may we look at your word with your eyes oh grant it father we love you so much we thank you for this night let's pray dear God you dismiss us with your blessing Okay. Blessed brother Mhach. Dear God, putting himself aside, you can speak to our hearts. We're so thankful, Lord, for this evening. We love you. We praise your great name. S you dismiss us with your blessing now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. I just, you know, was thinking as as brother Mshach was uh preaching, there's there's a people that are looking for his coming. Amen. And so, I believe we should just let's just finish the service with that song. We're looking for a city. Amen. Praise the Lord. Here among the shadows. Amen. All right. Are you looking for that city? Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Here among the shadows, we can sing it. We know it, don't we? Yeah, we do. Here among the shadows living in a lonely land with strangers where a band of pilgrims on the moon don't. We've been looking for a city built above. Oh yes. Looking for a saint where we will never die and there say goodbye and there will be our savior and our loved ones. soon. Oh God, thy holy spirit come all our host you. Here in disappointment often we so sadly wrong and earthly friends no longer speak for word over. But truly we have found contentment. Jesus promised us a home. We are looking for a city built by. Oh yes, we're looking for a city where we'll never die. And there the saints never say goodbye and will be our savior. Never loved ones too soon. Oh God, th Holy Spirit come. All I want for you. Oh, in this land of dangers, we are going here and there. But simply trusting in our blessed Savior's love and mercy. Though we make strangers living in this world again, we're always looking for a city built above. Oh yes, we're looking for a sea. Oh, where will we never die? And there the saints in millions. Never say goodbye. Oh, and never meet our savior. a savior and thy loved ones too soon. Oh God, thou holy spirit come all our hopes for you. Oh yes, we're looking for a city where we'll never die. And there the saints and millions will never say goodbye. And there will be a savior and our loved ones soon. Oh God, the Holy Spirit come all our dream. Praise the Lord. God bless you friends. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
