################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2027-08-25 - 270825  - Wounds  - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2027-08-25
Title:   270825  - Wounds  - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR7k9SQeJu8
========================================

Maybe we'll do. No, I don't want to joke tonight. But you see, you know, but you see, we get worried about those things, but it can be like a wound where the enemy wants to step in and say, "Look, God doesn't care. God doesn't you've been paying your t tithes faithfully and all these things, and look what happened to you. See, he's not interested in you." And that can see the devil wants to use that wound to bring in a poison, but God wants to use that wound to show his glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, don't let See, he says here in a time of sickness, when sickness strikes and the doctor says there's nothing else I can do, don't build up pressure, let off the pressure. Call your pastor. Let him anoint you in oil and pray over you. Prayer of faith shall save the sick. Let off the pressure. See, he's our refuge. While you're in this refuge, you have a right to anything that's in the refuge. And Christ is our refuge, and everything we have need of is in him. Amen. In sickness, don't build up pressure. Let off pressure. You say, "Well, I wonder, brother Bram." You don't wonder. You just let the pressure off. Commit your case to God and go on as if it is all over. Don't build up pressure. It lets off pressure. &gt;&gt; Sickness can strike. It can be a lingering thing. What happens? It's a dark cloud of your spirit tries to come over people and make them down and depressed and always look negative. What's that? The enemy trying to use that wound. But God wants to use that wound. God wants to use that to prove himself. I mean, because God wants to use it that it becomes a testimony for you and I. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I mean, you say, "Well, you say, "I'm so worried, Brother Brandham." You don't um I just don't know. Let off the pressure. Amen. In the city of refuge, he took your worry, so you don't have to have it. Cast your cares on him, for he carth for you. Don't you worry about your cares. That's his business. And he's good at what he does. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So this wounding now we read about about the serpent with of course our Lord Jesus. We know that every every uh all healing was purchased at day on Calvary salvation deliverance everything in the atonements not just for heal I mean salvation of the soul but it's for healing of the spirit and body complete. Amen. So he was his wounding was perfect if I put it that way. Amen. He purchased our our full redemption and whole that day. He didn't have to pay anymore. We didn't have to pay off interest or any other debt. Our sin debt was paid that day on Calvary. Amen. So, we can let off the pressure. We say those wounds, we needed those wounds. &gt;&gt; Our sin caused those wounds, but we needed those wounds. Amen. It's like um like brother Brandon says um on that day on Calvary, what did he do? He zeroed in on Calvary. He wounded that animal called Satan forever. Amen. Now, he's been more vicious since then because it's brought light to the human race. Amen. Because remember, his head was crushed or bruised, the serpent's head that day on Calvary. Amen. So, and so now he's more vicious now than he ever was in the history of the world. I say he's even more vicious in 2025 than he was 2,000 years ago cuz even more light's been shone. I mean, the title deed of redemption, the seals have come off the book. I mean, Christ has become fully unveiled. That's why the devil's such a vicious beast in this day. Amen. Why? because there's been light has been uh given to the human race. And anyone knows that a wounded animal is its most vicious crawling around with its back broke. Amen. Now, Satan was knocked out at Calvary. The earth proved that it was the greatest price that was ever paid. The only one that could pay it, come and done it at Calvary. That's where the great price was paid. That's one of the things God had required it. No man was worthy. No ma man was able. No one no man could do it. And God came himself and was made human and lived in a human life under human desires and was crucified at Calvary. And there when Satan thought he wouldn't do it, he wouldn't go through it. He went through Gethsemane and every temptation any man ever stood, he went through it just like all men. But he paid the price. I'll say the wounds that our Lord Jesus received, being scorged, scourged, being um, you know, crucified, many other men had received those wounds, but he was a different kind of a man. He is more than a man, more than a prophet. He was the God prophet. He was Emmanuel, God with us. Amen. So when he was wounded, it brought out something different. Amen. Because when everyone else was crucified, it just brought death. It was the end of it. Amen. But when he was crucified, it released eternal life, amen, upon the human race for those who would receive it. Amen. Not only that, the bride of Jesus Christ was released out of him. Praise the Lord. Amen. But you see now the enemy is is is in such a rage and we can see it very much in this day when people get all tore up and get you know you know you know that you know um a temper tantrum is the first sign of insanity first stage of insanity. Brother Ram would speak about it about when the hogs were, you know, you know, the maniac of Gdara there and the, you know, the, you know, the legion was cast out of him and those spirits before they were cast out and they asked, "Can we go into those pigs at least?" Because spirits always need something to work through. And then so so they um, you know, Jesus permitted them to go into the hogs. And what the hogs do? They had a temper fit. They ran down into the into the lake there and they drowned themselves. And he said they choked themselves in the river. Isn't that right? Now, they did it. Of course, the devils went out of them cuz it killed the hogs. It just run them into a fit. They had a fit like anyone. Did you ever see a person have a temper fit? You ever seen that? They just begin to fire out words and just lose their cool and they're not even sane anymore and they just blast everything and they break things and shout and curse and do all kind of crazy. Who's seen that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, you know what it was like that day in Gdara when that when those hogs ran into the water. Amen. And it's just them devils. That's what happened to them. You ever seen one of them having a temper fit? You say, "Uh-huh. I I know what happened in Gdara." Now, see, that's just exactly just a few more come in there run him completely insane. Cuz the medical doctor will tell you that a temper is the first stage of insanity. That's what Mayo says, the first stage of insanity. Well, what happens is normally a temper saying something because something will strike someone and cause them to react a certain way. Maybe it's something they don't want to do, but they need to do it. Maybe they've crashed a car or they run a light or they road rage and all these things, they just let it fly. What is that? That is actually the first stage of insanity trying to set into that person. The pressure of life can build up and instead of letting off the pressure in the presence of the Lord, they let it build up where where the devil wants to use that now to step in and cause a great big chaos in their life. Aren't you glad we can let off the pressure? &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad we can come into the presence of the Lord? And I'm not just not talking about here twice a week. I'm talking about everywhere we go. He'll never leave us nor forsake us. Amen. That we can let off the pressure. Amen. We can let it off. We don't let need it to build up. We can let off the pressure. Amen. Where God can use these things instead of, you know, because you got to realize, you know, we live in a day where patience is very thin. &gt;&gt; This world is very impatient. &gt;&gt; You know, can you imagine going back a hundred years ago? There's no there's no microwave. There's no instant noodles. There's no Door Dash. There's not all this instant stuff. You know, I was amazed. It was a few months ago. I ordered something online and it was there this you know the I think the next morning it was like within 24 hours. I couldn't believe it. I never experienced that in my life. But it'll become normal. Oh, this thing's been 48 hours. What's going on? This is terrible. You know why? Cuz patience will be start to I pray I never get that way. But you know what I mean. People get this expectation. Why don't I have it right now? You know, you know, once upon a time with the internet, with dialup internet, this is a history lesson. You literally, you know, open a page, you could go make yourself a drink, come back and it's still slowly loading, you know, and that was normal and we accepted it and it was okay. Imagine if it went back to that today. Oh boy, there'd be riots in the street for, you know, cell towers be burning. It be everyone be crazy. &gt;&gt; Why? Cuz it's taking so long. Patience is wearing thin. &gt;&gt; But God allows things to happen because he wants patience to rule. He wants the Holy Ghost to take control of our life. And it's through everyday circumstances God wants to develop these things in our lives. You're stuck in traffic. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Patience. &gt;&gt; Praise the L. Oh, but I'm running late. It's okay. You know, Jesus is I heard brother um brother Chris Andrews say this. You know Jesus is never late. He's right on time. So if Jesus is in you, you're never late cuz he's never late. If you're stuck in traffic, there's a reason, &gt;&gt; right? If you're running late, there is a reason. Maybe it's normally we're the reason, but you know, you just got to let off the pressure. Don't let these first world problems bug us and grind us. Does it really matter? &gt;&gt; So just let God work. We should be the most patient people in all the world. &gt;&gt; Oh, but but I'm a from a military background and always on time and all these things. Just let it go. &gt;&gt; Island time is good. Don't get so caught up. These things really don't matter. when we're the first moment when these bodies are changed or we we see him as he is and right you know are we really going to think about I was late that day &gt;&gt; are these things really going to come near our thinking but yet it can be this big massive problem in life and we can throw adult tantrums because we're late or someone else is late. I think we should just let these things go. You do your best, you be diligent, all those things, but you know, don't let it it shouldn't be grinding any gears because God is in control. Is everyone with me tonight? Is that okay? Amen. I think we just trust the Lord. Amen. Now, but so we got to be very careful. We don't allow these things become temper fits in any part of our lives. See, Peter would say, "When you fall into uh wherein you greatly rejoice, though now for a season of need be, you're in heaviness and through manifold temptations, that the trial of your faith being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, thou be tried with fire might be found unto praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ." Amen. So, we got to realize that the wounding is for our good. the trial of our faith. I'm kind of bringing this maybe a bit of a broad brush with wounding, but it can be the tri our faith is tried. It comes under pressure. It comes under impact by something. It's good. That's why it says you, you know, you greatly rejoice. You're going through the ringer. Glory. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. It's hard times. Praise God. If you're not going through a hard time, praise God anyway. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Maybe I pray should just be a constant thing because God's constant in every situation. Amen. It would say in James, "My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, knowing this that the trying of your faith workketh patience. But let patience have a perfect work that ye may be perfect and entire wanting nothing. But if any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God that giveth to all men libery and abrath not, and it shall be given him." Amen. So we need to count these things all joy. You get wounded. Praise God. God's doing something. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God is working something. He wants to show further part of himself that I've never experienced before in my life. He wants to prove himself. There's a big part of his character I say we haven't all really necessarily ex we haven't experienced the full nature of God personally. This is just me. You know, you you go back 10 years ago, what we've been through, what all of us have been through individually. We've been through trials in the last 10 years that we didn't go through or imagine the 10 years before. &gt;&gt; Right? So, there's been things now that we've gone through that have been kind unique to our own lives that showed a part of God's nature that we've never experienced. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, it's a good thing. That's why these wounds are good. God wants to reveal himself through the wounds. Amen. Now, if we So, I'm just trying to catch up where I am here. Joseph, Joseph could look beyond his wounds. If you look at the life of Joseph, many times we kind of skim over the really the magnitude of what he went through. He was hated by his brethren. His brothers hated him. He, you know, imagine being around every family dinner time. Everyone's just picking on Joseph. snide remarks, tripping him up, being mean, bullying him, rejecting him, you know, not even including him in anything. He was hated without a cause. And it wasn't his doing. It was actually God's doing in his life. God was allowing wounds to come in. &gt;&gt; I mean, because he had to be a perfect type of Christ, right? So, so God allowed these wounds. God allowed him to be the favorite son, you know, have a code of many colors. Well, that dude just brought in wounds of jealousy from his brethren, from his brothers, and then he was sold as a slave. Imagine your own brothers throwing you down a pit. And maybe I'm just maybe just to dramatize, but maybe, you know, imagine you're at the bottom of the pit, you're Joseph, and you can you can hear their voices across the top. Let's just kill him. Let's just get rid of him. Well, how are we going to tell dad? We'll just we'll just tear his coat up and put goat's blood and tell him that a wild animal ate him. And you're hearing these things. These are your brothers. And God has promised promised your lineage that that the Messiah is going to come through. You're meant to be a separated people, a holy nation, and look at what your brethren are doing to you, you know. And then, you know, then he hears Reuben, now let's not do that. And then he hears, you know, the Islamite, Ishelite traders come along, you know. Then then he gets hauled out of the pit. He doesn't know what's going to happen. And then these guys tell, "Oh, this guy's just a slave. We'll sell him to you as a slave." Imagine, imagine the emotion that would be running through Joseph's being. &gt;&gt; So you wanted to kill me, but now I'm a slave. I'm less than a human being now. You, my own brothers have done this to me. This is a big wound. This is a big wound. And you know, he goes down to Egypt. He ends up in Piper's house, ends up there, you know, in charge of the whole house. And remember, those dreams that he had were greater than the wounds. The word coming open to him was greater than the wounds, right? Because he had those two dreams that his um family is going to bow down and worship him, follow him, right? But these wounds had come in. God had allowed those wounds cuz God needed him in Egypt. &gt;&gt; He needed him on a certain position that when those dreams came into manifestation, he'd have the character that life would be preserved. You say, "Well, I'm not Joseph." Yeah, but you're the bride of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; You got to realize everything you go through is that life will be preserved. Amen. It will preserve someone's life. It'll help somebody. Everyone's testimony is powerful. &gt;&gt; Amen. God will allow you to go through whole kind of things maybe just for one soul. You say, "Well, is it worth it?" It is cuz eternal things can be done. &gt;&gt; You can step because of wounds. You can step into someone else's wounds. Amen. And bring healing and bring deliverance and bring salvation that someone without the wounds couldn't enter in like you can. You're like, "Brother Brown, I've known I've not said, you know, said these things before that, but you know, like you're like with the prophet, there's Sharon Rose dying her eyes crossed of pain as a little baby dies." And you know, God God was allowing those things to happen. Satan tried to climb into those wounds. tried to make it well. He tried to commit suicide twice, right? But then after after he came through that great trial and then you know you know then the ministry went worldwide and people would bring their crosseyed children across the platform and brother Ram said those people did not know what I went through when I was young having Sharon Rose die with cross crossed eyes. But he said because of that, every child with cross eyes that came across the platform went with straight eyes &gt;&gt; because because of his wounding, he could step into their wounding. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why every testimony is powerful. &gt;&gt; Amen. That you can step. You say, "Well, God hasn't really done too much for me." God's done a lot. &gt;&gt; All of our lives have had purpose. &gt;&gt; I'm just wandering around. You ain't wandering. &gt;&gt; The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. And God's been developing a character that in time of need, you can step in, that life could be preserved. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because because you know, if no one's been through what other people have been through, we can maybe sympathize. We can have a real But someone who's been through it can really have that feeling. &gt;&gt; Amen. And really pray for those people more than anyone else can. So you see his wounding, he could look beyond the wounds because he realized the wounding was all part of the plan for his life. Same thing with you and I. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. That life would be preserved. Amen. Now, I feel like I'm running out of time, but we're going to speed up a bit here. Brother man speaks about this statue of the perfect man. I think I took the uh some of these before, but I just want to kind of just go into temperance a little bit because temperance is such an, you know, temperance is self-control and it's a very important thing. It's part of being a complete Christian, right? We know if you have the Holy Ghost, you have all the virtues in you, right? But temperance is such a powerful thing. See, he says, "Add temperance to it." Oh, temperance, how to answer in kindness when wrath is spoke to you. Amen. Somebody somebody say you bunch of holy rollers down there don't jump up and roll up your sleeves now see don't do that but talk with godly love temperance kindness is that the way you want to be when you're rolled upon roll not back let him be your example I mean when they said if thou be the son of God turn those stones into bread he could have done it and showed he was God but he had temperance amen he could look beyond their wounding of their words and he saw their need we do the name &gt;&gt; with people in our lives. They start attacking, guns blazing, whatever it is, misunderstandings just erupt into some big thing. Do we have the temperance to to to to give a soft answer that turns away wrath? Can we look beyond what's coming at us and and and see the need of that person? Amen. You say, so so when your knowledge is like his knowledge, I come to do thy will, oh God. See, with the father's word, he defeated every devil. Heavens and earth will pass away, but the word will not. See, when you get that kind of knowledge, it'll vulcanize with your faith. Then when you get that right kind of temperance like he had, it'll vulcanize. If you had haven't, just like a man-made halfway sousted up belief or temperance, oh, I ought to slap him down, but maybe I better not cuz they might put my name in the paper about it. That ain't the right kind of temperance he's talking about. So, it's not have a temperance of I better not say something cuz I'll look bad. That's not the right kind of temperance. Don't try and add that. It won't work. But when you can really with the sweetness in your heart, forgive every man, hold your peace, let it be gone. See, then it'll vulcanize. You can add that to your faith. Amen. Why is that? Because you realize this person is no doubt probably responding out of wounds, right? And the enemy's got into that wound and now this is this, you can say this infection is coming through. And if you can look beyond his wound and see his need, then you can really with sweetness from your heart forgive every man. Really, the only people who can forgive upon the earth are Holy Ghost fil people. &gt;&gt; Only true forgiveness can can come from God. Amen. Now, wounds can wounds can um infected wounds can come out in many different ways. Now, I shared this um well, the first part of this anyway um a while ago, but I just want to focus in on the yellow bit that I put there. It says, "Now consider thyself least, thou also be tempted." So, to restore a man who's overcome a fault, you know, those who are spiritual, restore such one in the spirit of meekness, considering thyself least, thou also be tempted. It's amazing what happens when people will will will cast judgment and and and drag someone down and murder someone's character and and find fault in people and the things that they find fault in others, they end up manifesting in a greater way. Amen. I've seen it. I've seen it among believers. People come in, they criticize some family, some person going through something and the next thing you know, you see them going through the same thing because what's happened now is because they are not coming in the spirit of meekness &gt;&gt; and they're not even interested in restoring that person anyway. They want to see that person pushed down to show really how unspiritual that they are. Then what happens is that same person does the same thing. I've seen it. I'm sure we've all seen it. &gt;&gt; Amen. someone who comes in, some sister comes in and complains about some sister who's halfway in with a splitter on a dress and says it's wrong and all these things and and then drags the deacons into every problem that goes on in life and then they end up wearing worse dresses than them. Why? Because they're actually the judgment that they measure out is given to them &gt;&gt; whether they uh realize it or not. You know, it's the same thing, you know, where where where people, you know, people have a disagreement with a brother or sister instead of going and talking to them about it. I mean, let's be honest. Are we not all Christians? &gt;&gt; Are we not all on the same team? Are are we not all friends? &gt;&gt; So, friends can talk about things, right? Friends can and and aren't we more than friends, but family? &gt;&gt; So, then why now? Now this is no one here but I'm using using this as a real example I've seen as someone have a disagreement with someone instead of talking to that person they drag the deacons in they drag myself in and instead of talking to that person that's not even a thing that even matters but instead of you know talking to that that person about it they will try and use the offices of deacon and pastor to to be like heavies to come in and be on their side that's not even scripturally way of addressing things the first step is go talk to the person. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It's not drag everyone into it and make it a big thing. &gt;&gt; We're not here to do people's bidding or or carnal people's bidding. We're here to do the bidding of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we got to be very careful of things. You know, people have said, you know, you before they have children. Famous last words. Now, here's advice to all pe all young people who are don't have children or unmarried, want to get married. Okay, I'm I'm I'm I I sure you all want to have kids who don't have kids. Never ever say these words. When I have kids, my kids will not be like X, Y, and Zed. &gt;&gt; Because you are setting yourself up that your kids will be worse than those kids you are finding fault with. I've seen it. I've seen a sister say, "Well, my kid, when I was young, we all sat on a bench and we didn't say nothing and there was five of us and they can't control their children and their children are a million times worse than any kids here." &gt;&gt; Cuz the judgment you give out, you receive. &gt;&gt; So don't ever give marriage advice. Don't ever give parenting advice. I mean, do it in a right spirit if you do. &gt;&gt; Okay? Don't come in a spirit of meekness. So, actually, I take that back. Give advice if you feel to. But in meekness, don't come up in it. Well, I know everything. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Because honestly, I've seen it time and time again. People give out this advice and they end up eating their words &gt;&gt; because their own children are God's agents in their life. Hallelujah. And they are 10 times worse than whatever they're criticizing people for. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, it's a very interesting thing. So, okay, we're all good. log that way for later. &gt;&gt; It's important. You'll save yourself a world of trouble. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, how we going for time? We got a bit of time. Okay. Wait, hold on. Just want to make a bit of a bit of a shift here. Now, the thing is, as I said about the Lord, his wounds are different. They brought healing. They brought life. Satan's wounds just bring death. Okay. And it's the same thing with you and I. A Christian is built different. Not because of upbringing, not because of culture, not because of their family structure, but because of the baptism of the Holy Ghost, that makes us different. The new birth solves every problem. Will we have struggles? Yes. But when you receive him, you you receive the one who has overcome all things. And you receive that power that can overcome all things that come into your life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's a different force in you that the world doesn't have. Amen. Because you have the creator of heavens and earth dwelling in you. Deity is in you. Right. So you have a power within you that can overcome all things. Remember the Lord Jesus overcame all things. Every enemy that can be named, he conquered it. Okay? So never think you're facing an enemy he hasn't faced. He faced it all and overcome it all. He was tempted by everything and he overcame that temptation. Amen. and he is interceding on your behalf actively right now. Amen. He's in your corner. Praise the Lord. So now a believer has something in us that can deal with wounds. It's like having the magic medicine. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Right in our spirit, we have something the balm of Gilead, that healing virtue of God himself. Amen. The love of God, God is love within our soul, that can actually come forth into our spirit and bring healing. Amen. Where someone else can be wounded in their spirit the same way as you, but by God's grace that can turn into a testimony instead of staying as bitterness, right? It can, you know, sure there's pain, sure there's hurt, there's resentment, there's questions. But when when the Lord, when you give that to the Lord, he takes those things and he brings healing into it. Amen. He takes those questions and he just brings a he just brings the right answer. As I said, he may not tell you all the details, but he give you the right answer. You feel resentment. Then what happens? You take that to the Lord and you feel love for that person who did it. Amen. You feel bitter. He just makes it sweet somehow. Just like when the children of Israel, they left the Red Sea, they're journeying three three days into the desert. They came to a place of bitter waters, a bitter experience, right? In their walk, they just had victory. They were from victory to bitterness in a few days and they're all complaining about this bitter time and God inspires Moses to cut down a certain tree and put it into that bitter water and it became sweet. Amen. And that tree is still here in existence. It is the cross of Calvary. I tell you what, you take any bitter thing, it will heal it and make it sweet. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we have something different that the world doesn't have, but it needs, which is God himself. Amen. Now, this means that we can we can see we can see Christ. We can see the mystery of godliness. We can see the mystery of God. Okay, this is this is what happens is people who don't know the Lord can only see carnal things. They can only see natural. So, so for example, if I don't know the Lord, then I'll just see I'll just respond in a natural way, which is normally eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth, hold a grudge, make a wall, cut ties, that's it. Right? But if I know the Lord, I can look beyond those things and I can intercede and pray and believe that the love of God is going to bring healing to myself and also to that person. There's going to be a reconciliation take place because he is in my life. It's not me doing it. It's he. It's him within me. Are we all together tonight? We got to realize we have a bomb. We have the cure all. Amen. We have the cure all. So now we understand the mystery of God that God is manifested in the flesh, right? He's manifested in flesh, but now he's manifested in your flesh. And now if he is now, we can see we have these virtues built within us. But then I just want to come down to the where I put in yellow. So he says, "But he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off." Now the words cannot see a far off is actually one Greek word. It actually means you cannot see the mystery of God. Your eyes are blind to the mystery. God becoming flesh. Amen. So, so if you have these virtues, if you have Christ in you, which gives you these virtues, then you can see a far off. You can look beyond the wound. You can look beyond the pain. You can see and then what do you see? You see the mystery of redemption where God has come and dwelt in our lives to finish his plan of redemption. Amen. We can see a far off. We can look beyond like Joseph could look he got to a point in his life he looked beyond the painful memories of rejection, hurt, and being sold as a slave. He could look beyond those things because actually realized I'm part of the mystery of God unfolding. My life is actually a manifestation, a prophecy of God's plan of redemption. Because we know Joseph's life encompassed the whole work of redemption because when he's in uh when he's in Egypt, he takes a gentile bride, right? And then when his brethren come back, he gets everyone from him from the palace. Then he reveals himself to his brethren. So where's his gentile bride? Away from him. So where do we go when he comes to reveal himself to the Jews? We're at the wedding supper in the sky. &gt;&gt; Amen. So the whole plan of redemption is encompassed in Joseph's life. He's living out a mystery. &gt;&gt; Amen. So the same thing with us. We're living out redemption. It's more than just a doctrine or more than just a church though. It's it's redemption being manifested. Yeah. Because why? We are the beneficiaries of God's great plan of redemption. God found you in the mud, picked you up. Amen. Cleansed you, washed you, put you on the table, filled you with his presence, and set you in that now you're in service. Amen. That what? You can go and you can find others that are tied to him. Part of the great plan of God's redemption. I mean, you see the scribes and Pharisees, they could not see a far off. They were blind to God's mystery that, you know, Christ was here to redeem the world. That's why they would say, "If thou be the son of God, come down from the cross." They weren't sure. You see, and the devil made the devil's made a lot of blunders in his life, if I can say, it's his life. He's made so many blunders. And and this was his biggest blunder because if he knew who was there, he would never have crucified him because because he thought the devil cuz he just thought connly wounding of him will kill him. But actually his wounding of him brought life. &gt;&gt; Amen. He was wounded that you'd be healed. Amen. He gave his life that you would be saved. Amen. He went to hell that you don't need to go to hell. Amen. He carried your sins far away. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, so they did not understand this whole mystery. So, if they really knew, if they really knew this mystery of God, they would never have crucified the Lord of glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. But you see now our wounds, God wants to use our wounds. God uses our wounds to bring us to a position. But does he really? Yeah, he does. This is Esther. Esther was an orphan girl. That's a big wound. I was blessed enough to to to to have both parents in the same house growing up. They're still together. Thank the Lord. Right. And my my my mom's parents were next door to us growing up and also my great uncle. So, I had I had I had a wonderful family circle around me growing up. So, I don't know what it's like to not have a mama or a dad or be an orphan, but it's a big hole. God can fill that hole, right? God is father to the fatherless, right? But you see now she was so this wound came into her life where she was an orphan. But God allowed, you know, isn't it amazing? God allowed Israel to fall in idolatry. You got to look at the domino effect to get Esther here. It's a big domino effect, right? It started off with with the split of the kingdoms with the son of Solomon and you know Jeroboam and Riaboam. Jeroboam made the two golden calves. Idolatry came in. All there's a domino effect starting to come. But the whole reason God allowed it is because a son of Aag and Amalachite had to be taken care of. This is this is Hmon. He was the Agite, the son of, you know, he's an Amalachite, the ancient enemy of the Jews, right? So now God allows this domino effect to come that finally we have this scene hundreds of years later. But you see her wounding caused her to be raised in Shusham. Her wounding caused her to be an orphan. Her wounding caused her to be there and then be picked. Wasn't married for whatever reason. We don't know, right? But God allowed all that to happen that she would end up in this position as queen of of of the superpower of the age. And she was carrying this secret of her identity. I am the bride. I'm the queen. The king by his grace has placed me in this position. We're carrying this mystery, too. The devil looks at you and can't quite see it, just like he couldn't quite see our Lord Jesus on the cross being the Messiah himself. But he is carrying the mystery of redemption. And then here, here comes Esther. She's carrying this mystery. This is what to me is so beautiful about the message. It reveals who God is. It reveals who you are. It also reveals who Satan is. &gt;&gt; Right? And so now here is here is Esther. This is at the second banquet of wines. And between the first and second banquet, the king can't sleep. And the book comes open. The record comes open about Mori saving the king's life. So what happens? The seals come off the book. And then and then when the seals come off the book, there's a whole role reversal goes on because in the beginning of this whole scene, the Jews are under a death sentence. But at the end of it, after the book comes open, Hmon's under the death sentence. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. So now the book comes open. Esther stands in her God-given position carrying this mystery. Heymon, I know who you are. You're an Amalachite. You're my enemy. Isn't it amazing? She came out of the tribe of Benjamin. Saul was out of the tribe of Benjamin. King Saul. Saul did not finish the job like he was told to. So God raised up someone of that same tribe to break that stigma and finish the job. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's like many things in our lives from our forebears, they could not overcome. But God raises you up. Amen. To break that thing. Amen. that you would stand on its head and prove Satan, you put this in my lineage, but I'm going to finish it by the power of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, there she is. She's carrying the secret. The king doesn't know who she is. Oh, she's Esther, a star. She was more than that. She was Hadassa one hidden. I think it means star. Esther means star, right? And then so finally, now she's carrying this mystery. I know who my enemy is. I know who I am. And then she reveals the whole thing to the king in order to turn the wrath of the king against Hmon. Praise the Lord. And then he his whole scheme of making the gallows against Mori. He hangs on his own scheme. He hangs on his own gallows. He's lifted up high. And then now what's happens? The signant ring that that that Hmon was given by the king is now in Esther's hand. And she has the authority and power to write a new law which overcomes what Hmon has already given. Amen. All because of wounds. She ended up there because of w I know there's probably a small you got to look at the magnitude of her life. Maybe just go think about these things. But God allowed those wounds to get her there that salvation would come to her people. Life would be preserved. And I'm going to close with that. How much you and I you say well I don't understand my life. We don't necessarily need to understand everything that happened in our life but we need to come to a peace in our hearts. God, you've allowed it that life would be preserved. That you can take these wounds, Lord, and manifest yourself through them. That they're a testimony now that they can help someone else. Amen. So, thank God for the wounds. Amen. Thank God. Lord, you want to prove yourself in the wounding. No one likes pain, but we got to count it all joy. There's a purpose in the pain. There's a purpose in the wounding. Can we have the musicians, please? Um, tonight I'll finish there. I've been a bit long. Sorry. But praise God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. All things are working together for good for those that love God and are called according to his purpose. I believe I'm looking at people that scripture very much applies to. You love the Lord and you're called. You're called according to his purpose. Do I have that? I just want to put that up. I think I have it. Maybe. Here we go. Yeah. We're called according to his purpose. We're not called to our purpose or whatever. No, he called us according to his purpose as the bride of Jesus Christ in this end time. &gt;&gt; So, everything's working together for good. You say, "I don't know what I've been through." I mean, you don't know what I've been through. I don't. But this scripture applies to everyone. I know it applies to me. Amen. &gt;&gt; We say, "Lord, you know what you're doing." Maybe let's sing that song. Let Oh, let's stand, shall we? No, I think I have another song I'd like to sing. Oh, yeah. Turning graves into gardens. Amen. He sure does that. Amen. So, thank you, Lord, for the wounding. Thank you, Lord, for what you've brought us through, what you're taking us through. Lord, it's working for our good cuz he wants to prove himself in everything. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this, shall we? Amen. I searched the world, but it couldn't fill me. Oh, man's empty praise and treasures and faith are never enough. Oh, then you came along and put me back together. And every desire is now satisfied here in your love. Oh, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. I'm not afraid to show you my weakness, my failures and flaws. Lord, you've seen them all and you still call me friend. Because God of the mountain [Music] is God of the valley. [Music] Oh, there's not a place your mercy and grace won't find me again. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Lord, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing nothing is better than you. Amen. You turn mourning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who cares. You turn graves into godens. You turn bones into armies. You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who cares. Oh, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you, [Music] Lord. There's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you. Lord, there's nothing nothing is better than you. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's pray. Be thankful for the Thank you for the wounds, Lord Jesus. Thank you, dear God. First, we want to thank you for your wounds, Lord. Your wounds bring brought eternal life to us. We're so thankful, dear God. You are wounded for our transgressions. The chastisement of our peace was upon you and by your stripes we are healed. Oh Lord you're mad more than any other man that eternal life could be released Lord unto us. We want to thank you for that so much. Thank you dear God that you bruised the head of the seed of the serpent that day on Calvary. And dear God we also want to thank you Lord for the wounds that are in our lives. Lord we do count it all joy when we come and fall into diverous temptations. as we go through fiery trials. Lord, we want to thank you for these things because we know during these times, you want to prove your word, Lord. You want to step into the wounds and prove yourself, show yourself alive and well, that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, I pray, dear God, that whatever's go, Lord, we're going through in life, may we not allow the enemy to come in and try and try and poison those wounds to make us bitter and doubtful and down and depressed. Lord Jesus, I pray dear God that all of us here, those who may be watching, Lord, I pray there'd be such a joy in our lives, Lord. The joy of the Lord, Father, Lord, far beyond what circumstances we're going through, Father. But Lord, may it be your joy, the joy of your salvation, Lord. May it overflow us. I pray, dear God, and may we just praise you for every moment, Lord, knowing that, Lord, there's a purpose for everything we go through in life. Like Joseph went through many different things, but it's that life would be preserved, dear God. And father, may we see that that Lord, we have all had different paths, unique journeys you've brought us through. But Father, may we see that all those things, Lord, that you you've allowed that life can be preserved. Maybe someone who's walking the path that we've already walked through, we can enter into their needs and pray for them and intercede and put an arm over their shoulder and say, "We understand what you're going through cuz the Lord has brought us through." Grant it, dear God. I pray you bless each one here. May you dismiss us with your blessing now. We love you so much and thank you, Lord. And truly, there's no one like you, oh God, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. Amen. Sing us a song, bro. [Music] We bless you, brother Ben. Stay in E. Sing the heart of worship. [Music] And when the music fade and all drift away and I'll simply call [Music] longing just to breathe something that's over that will bless your [Music] I'll ring more than a song for a song in itself. There's no one you have required. As you search much deeper within through the way things appear, your love came into my heart. As I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. [Music] It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, if I haven't made it, made it all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. The king of endless world. No one could express how much you deserve. And all we can for all I have is yours is every single breath. Cuz I'll bring you more than a song before a song in itself is known what you have required. [Music] You search must see deeper within through the way things appear. Your love came into my heart. Cuz I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you. Jesus, I'm sorry, Lord. If my heaven made it all about you, it's all about I'm coming back. I'm coming back to heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, if I haven't made it. Made it all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. [Music] Cuz Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your way in me. Cuz Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Cuz this is my desire to honor you. The Lord is with all my heart. I worship you [Music] and all I have within me. I give you praise and all that I am adore is in you. [Music] So Lord, I give you my Cuz Lord, I give you my I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment of way, [Music] [Applause] Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, [Music] Lord, have your way in me. Cuz this is my desire to honor you. Lord with Lord my heart I worship you. I worship you and all I have within me. I give you give you praise. And all that I adore and I adore is in you. [Music] is in you. Cuz Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you, oh Lord. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Cuz Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you, alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Cuz Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. And every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Been all dismissed this evening. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
