################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2028-12-25 - 281225 - What God Has Done With His Word - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2028-12-25
Title:   281225 - What God Has Done With His Word - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw7OE2Pjqsg
========================================

Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Thank you. Good morning. God bless you all. How's your life? Good. Life is such a wonderful thing. There are so many little twists and turns and ups and downs and things. And you know, it's nice to know that that things come and things go. Phases come, phases go. Different situations happen. They're here. They're not there. But the word of God and the promises of God are eternal. And they they run through all of it. They run through every high. They run through every low, every this phase, every that phase, every this situation, every that situation. It just runs through it all. I believe there's a song that says, "Hold to God's unchanging hand." And that's that's the hand that we can hold to. Why don't we actually let's stand this morning. Why don't we sing that song? Let's let's change it. Let's sing hold to God's unchanging hand. Um but let's just open in prayer this morning. Heavenly Father, we're grateful that we can be here gathered in your um presence this morning. We just pray you bless us. Bless this time that we can come and praise and worship you, Lord. May you just watch over us and and just bless this time, Lord. Bless the bless the music, bless the ministry, Lord. May we receive it as from you. We thank you for this holiday season, Lord, that we can um take a break and and slow down. And often times, Lord, as Christians, the the the thing that our mind does when we start to get some time to stop us. We always think about the things of you and we tend to meditate upon you more, Lord, because inside us, that's what we want. So, we just want to Yeah. Just pray you bless this um service this morning in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Let's do a uh start with the chorus. Well, hold to God's unchanging hand. Well, hold to God's unchanging hand. And build your hopes on things eternal. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Time is filled with swift transitions. Not all of earth and move can stand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand and build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Trust in him who will not leave you. Whatsoever years may bring if by earthly friends forsake still more closely to him thankful to God's unchanging hope to God's unchanging hand and hold to God's unchanging hand build our hopes on things eternal. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Co not this world's vain riches that so rapidly decay. Seek to gain the heavenly treasure. They will never pass away. Oh to God's unchanging hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. When your journey is completed, if to God you have been true, fair and bright the home in glory. Your in raptured soul will view. Oh to God's unchanging hope to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Well hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh, to God's sun. This little light of mine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Hide it under a push you'll know. I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a push you'll know. I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a push you'll know. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. This little light of mine, well, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, well, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Don't let Satan blow it up. I'm going to let it shine. Oh no. Don't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Don't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. I'm going to let it shine till Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine till Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine till Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it. This little light of mine. Oh, this little light of mine. I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine. Well, yes. I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, well, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Amen. This little light of mine. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Jesus on the main line. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Now if you want the Holy Ghost, if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. If you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. If you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. If you want the Holy Ghost, If you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. If you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. If you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. If you want your family saved, If you want your family saved, tell him what you want. If you want your family saved, tell him what you want. If you want your family saved, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main. If you want your victory, If you want your victory, tell him what you want. If you want your victory, tell him what you want. If you want your victory, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main. And if you want your healing, If you want your healing, tell him what you want. If you want your healing, tell him what you want. If you want your healing, tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Jesus on the main line. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main. Jesus on the main line. Jesus on the main. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Won't you tell him what you want? Jesus on the Let's sing that one more time. Jesus on the main line. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the Listen one more time just slower. Jesus on the main line. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Won't you tell him what you want? Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you are. Jesus. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lie. For whom the raging of the sea subsides, the living sacrifice. You're the only source of life. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing the verse again. And I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lie. Who the raging of the sea subside? The living sacrifice. You're the only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Pretend the mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sin in his growing and to offering and forgiveness. And those who trust in him, they will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. For as time and ever more, oh my hope is in the Lord. forever more. Let's sing verse two again. His tender mercies. His tender mercies come with every riseing sun to meet the sin in his brokenness and to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him, they will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. rest time on and ever more. Oh Lord, my hope is in the Lord forever more. One day when heaven was filled with his praise, one day when sin was as black as could be, Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin, dwelt among men, and my example is he. The word became flesh and the light shine among us. His glory revealed. Living he loved me and dying he saved me. Buried he carried my sins far away. Rising he justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh glorious day. Oh glorious day. One day they led him up Calvar's mountain. One day they nailed him to die on a tree. Suffer in anguish, despised and rejected. Bearing our sins, my redeemer is he. The hand that you nation stretched out on a tree and took the nails for me. Living he loved me and dying he saved me and buried he carried my sin far away. rising. He justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh glorious day. Oh glorious day. And one day the grave conceal him no longer. One day the stone rose away from the door. Then he arose over dead. He has conered. Now is ascended my lord ever more. And death could not hold him. The grave could not keep him from rising again. Living he loved me. And dying he saved me. Buried he carried my sins far away. rising. He justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh glorious day. Oh glorious day. Oh glorious day. One day the trumpet will sound. One day the trumpet will sound for his coming. One day the skies with his gloryy will shine. Wonderful day my beloved one bringing my savior Jesus is mine. Living he loved me and dying he saved me and buried he carried my sins far away. rising. He justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh glorious day. Oh glorious day. Oh glorious day. Living he loved me. And living he loved me. And dying he saved me. And buried he carried my sins far away. A rising he justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh glorious day. Oh, glorious day. And who taught the sun where to stand in the morning? And who told the ocean, "You can only come this far?" And who showed the moon where to hide till evening? Whose words alone can catch a falling star? Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins things in orbit. He runs to the weary, the worn, and the weak. And the same gentle hand that hold me when I'm broken, they conquer death to bring me victory. Well, I know my redeemer lives. Yes, I do. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. Well, he lives to take away my shame. Oh, and he lives forever. I'll proclaim that the payment for my sin was a precious life he gave. But now he's alive and there's an empty grave. Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Oh, let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. He lives to take away my shame and he lives forever. I'll proclaim that the payment for my sins was the precious life he gave. But now he's alive and there's an empty grave. Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me Christ redeemer lives. Praise the Lord. Do you know he lives? Personally, do you know he lives? Praise the Lord. I'm glad he's alive and well. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Thank you, Isaac. Appreciate it. Amen. God bless you all. Good morning. Great to have everyone here. Trust you had a very blessed merry Christmas. Amen. It's like to welcome Amen. Uh, brother Abasha, God bless you. Great to have you here. Amen. Sister Lizzie, God bless you. Amen. Regina, God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. I also like to welcome. Sorry if I can't pronounce your name. Sister Sister Jaka. Amen. And Judah and Jonathan. God bless you. Amen. Welcome. Great to have you here. Great to Great to have you still here. Amen. You're you're still here after the wedding. Praise the Lord. And we have our married couple here. God bless you. Welcome. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just a reminder, we have um communion, communion, footwashing. We got testimony, song specials, watch night service on Wednesday night. So, if you have a testimony, song special you want to share, just send it through and we'll slot you in. But we're going to have a blessed time praying in the new year. Amen. But we've come a mighty way this year, haven't we? God's been good. Amen. Let's um let's turn to the scripture this morning. We're just going to go to Matthew um we're going to go to Matthew uh 24. We're going to read from verse uh 35 here. So I take a while to orientate myself here this morning, but Amen. Good to see your smiling faces. Amen. Who ate a bit too much over Christmas? Amen. Matthew 24:35 says here, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." And then just another scripture from uh Mark 7 and 13. You don't need to turn to it necessarily. I can just read it here. But um Jesus rebuking the scribes and Pharisees. He says, "Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition which you have delivered and many such thing uh like things do ye." And um I just want to talk about I I just pray this would be I just pray the Lord bring this together. But I want to ask the question, you know, because many people they they they use the excuse of what man has done with God's word, &gt;&gt; but what has God done with his word? &gt;&gt; That's what we want to talk about this morning. Amen. So as as we've read his word, let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. If you want to be remembered in prayer, just want to slip your hand up. Say, "Lord, this day come by my way." Amen. Let's pray together. Gracious father, we want to thank you so much. We can gather one more time, Lord, as we uh closing out 2025. I just pray you come by one more time. Touch our lives. Touch my life. Lord, we know you live. Lord, you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, dear God, as we've read your blessed word, I ask may you anoint it to speaker and hearer. those who are streaming as well be your Lord be our portion this day. We love you so much. We commit our lives into your hands. Just want to plead your blood over our lives, dear God. Protect us under the shadow of your great wings. And may you have your preeminence, Lord. Do what you want to do in this service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you friends. You can have your seats this morning. So I just want to pose this question. Oh wait, I'm going here as well. I mean so many people as as as we know that man has done a lot of things with God's word but what has God done with his word because if we can look at what God has done I think we can just line ourselves up with that and we can just walk with him and just have a victorious uh life. Amen. I believe I'm looking at people who are victorious. But you know I think a lot of things especially in this day and there was a lot of you know there's a um there's a saying that the devil puts up a lot of scarecrows. He takes something that's, you know, like a scarecrow is just to chase away birds from from harvests from from crops that they don't get the crops. But, you know, a scarecrow is just a lifeless dead form. It has no power in it. It has no reality. Look, that thing's really been crucified up there. It can't chase you. It can't move. But that's what that's what the devil puts these scarecrows forward to try and stop people getting to where the good eating's at. Amen. Like brother Bram would say about a little gopher or groundhog, whatever it was. You know, brother Ram said, you know, I'm a real artist. And he noticed this groundhog was getting into his crops and stuff. And so he got a brown paper bag and drew something on it to try and make a little scarecrow and put it there about groundhog height to stop him stop him getting there. Then the groundhog came out, got a little bit scared and then looked at the thing. It just moved a bit. He jumped back and then he even ported it a bit, realized that thing's dead. He just ran around past it, you know, got eating butter beans and filling his tummy full. And you know, so we got to go beyond what people have done with the word and see what what has God done with his word. Amen. Cuz a lot of things are just scarecrows. And as we say, well, there's a saying, you know, you don't throw out the baby with the bath water, right? So just because other people have done things with the word doesn't mean we throw it out, right? For example, amen. We're going to take communion, you know, over, you know, just as we pray in the new year. You know, the Catholics have made it into that literally becomes the body of our of our Lord Jesus. Amen. Well, if it is that, therefore, he's physically returned. That's what they've done with it. That doesn't mean we throw out communion cuz it's the word, right? Amen. Same thing with our, you know, we celebrate Christmas. We celebrate the birth of our Lord. And, you know, the Catholics and many different denominations have done a lot of things with with that. We don't throw Mary out of the scripture. We don't throw the, you know, the God being created in her womb out of the scripture just because of what they've done with it. It's just scarecrows. You know, it's the same thing with people will take many different things in the scripture. They'll say, "Oh, you know, they've made this out of it." And you know, like, for example, people say, "Well, you know, Brother Bram said, you got to receive the word for your day." You know, people people will take that and say, "Well, that's the sign. You got the Holy Ghost. You just got to receive the word. It's just a mental conception." And then people will throw that out. Say, "Well, there's nothing to it cuz it's just a mental understanding." We don't throw that out. You've got to receive the word because the word is Jesus Christ. I mean, you got to receive him in your day. Amen. So, you know, people have done a lot of things with the word, but what has God done with his word? I'm just wanting to quickly go over these things because what he has done with his word really matters and that's what I want to look at. So, we're not interested necessarily in what other people have done. It really doesn't matter what they do. If God's word is his word, which it is, it's been revealed to our hearts. Let's stay with his word and let's watch him do what he wants to do with that word. Amen. So, you know, cuz it's incredible. You think about, well, what did God do with his word in the beginning? He believed his word when he said, "Let there be sun, moon, and stars." and he believed his word and he made creation. That's what he did with his word. He believed it and it came to pass exactly as he spoke it. And if we believe it as he said it, it's going to manifest as he's proven, you know, said it will. Amen. You know, he you know, he proved his word there in there in um there in Egypt, you know, when when he told Moses, take a lamb for the house, you know, apply, you know, kill that lamb, roast it with bitter herbs, eat the whole thing, you know, apply the blood to the door and lentil. So that word became material and he proved that word. So the believers when they lined up with the word what the word was meant to do happened. What happened? That literally kept the death angel from their house. They were safe and secure. Nothing could get in between because the blood was between them and the enemy, right? And so it's the same thing today. If we just take God at his word because you got to think about, you know, God's creative power is in his word. I mean, when God releases a faith into your life, amen, what is he wanting to do? He's wanting to prove his word through you. Amen. He's not He's not wanting to give you a mind of good understanding or good ideas. No, he wants it to become material. He wants it to become manifest. Amen. He doesn't just want us to talk about it. He wants it to live. Amen. And I believe that God has so restored his word back in this day that we're not looking for a full restoration. We're living in that restoration. Amen. So when we look at the day of Pentecost, see many people always they want to try and bypass the new birth with some excuse to try and hide behind some hypocrite. Who cares about the hypocrite? The hypocrite's not me. The hypocrite's not you. Who cares about them? It's us and God. That's all that matters. Amen. So, you know, it's we must never ever um try and get rid of or try and try and throw away the word just because of what other people have done. You know, there's prevailing power in the word. &gt;&gt; Revelation has prevailing power. You know, our Lord Jesus Christ, he had one one scripture he went to Calvary with that he knew he wouldn't stay dead in the tomb. And this was it. For thou shalt not suff leave my soul in hell, neither will thou suffer the holy one to see corruption. He knew he had to go to hell with the sins of the world upon him. Right? He knew he had to die a sinner, die lost. Amen. So, he knew he was going to hell, but he had a revelation. I'm not staying there. &gt;&gt; Amen. and and he went to he went to the grave with one scripture but because it was a revelation. Amen. That revelation overcame hell, death in the grave. And he came out resurrected triumphant over hell, death in the grave because of one scripture was revealed to him. Amen. I tell you what, friends, if we could just focus on the promises of God and let God reveal his promises to us. Amen. There's nothing that can stand before you. Unbelief can't stand before you. Amen. Amen. Superstition can't stand before you. culture can't stand before you. Your own human nature can't stand before you. If you just focus on the word of God and let him manifest it in your life. Amen. There's prevailing power. Amen. If a revelation can take a can take a Lord Jesus out of the grave, the the re the rapture is a revelation as well. Amen. Brother Ram said, "We're waiting for the revelation of the rapture." He gives it in the rapture message, but that message has to become a revelation to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. I've heard the shout. &gt;&gt; I've been gathered. Amen. That shout has produced a living bread to bring forth a living bride. That's what it's done in my life. Amen. It's produced what it said it would produce. Amen. Cuz this is what God has done with his word. Amen. He's taken a bunch of alley rats. He's taken a bunch of drunks. He's taken a bunch of lost wayward religious people thinking they're something and he's transformed them into sons and daughters of God. Amen. He's brought out what they were in the beginning in his mind. He's produced it in time. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Why? Because God interprets his word when he manifests it. Amen. You look at what has God done with his word. God has not doubted his word. God has not embellished his word. God has not tried to make it some great thing that above what it really is. What it is, it is. Amen. It's not polished up. It's just how it is. It is. Amen. So when he said a virgin shall conceive, that really happened exactly as he said it would happen. Amen. And when we take any promise of God, Amen. you'll see it in faith. You'll see it produce what it'll produce. Oh, but I know some people who believe these things. Who cares about what other people believe? Honestly, it's you and God. Enoch would have heard a lot of nonsense when he was walking around, but he walked with God. Amen. And that's what we are actually ordained to do. Don't worry about the world does. It's you and God. &gt;&gt; It's me and Jesus in this ship, but I'm going to Zion, right? Amen. So, this is how we should be. Don't worry about what other people do. Amen. Even even John would um Peter would ask about John if I can find it here. You know Peter's asking about the love disciple and you're asking about John and things but Jesus said but if he will that he tries till I come what is it to thee? Follow thou me? &gt;&gt; What what if he sees me return? What's it to you? Follow me. &gt;&gt; You know so who cares about what other people are doing? Follow the Lord. And I think especially in this season where we've just come through Christmas and the world has made it something that it was never ordained to be and you know let's just keep following the Lord when people are caught up in life and all these things. Let's just follow the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; But you see what happens is we must never ever try and hide behind what others have done. See, the devil will always point you to somebody's failure. &gt;&gt; That's what he does. He's very good at it. &gt;&gt; He knows all the failures. He keeps it on a file. In God's file, it's not there. It's under the blood of it's been confessed. So, in God's in the proper archive, it's gone. You never did it in the first place. But the devil tries to keep things recorded. And he'll always point out someone else's failure to you. Amen. But he tries but he tries to keep you away from the real testimony that's genuine. Amen. He'll never point you out to a real sainted overcomer. &gt;&gt; Amen. He'll always try and kill the testimony of the believer, but it it it actually doesn't kill the testimony. I mean, testimony still lives. Amen. But he'll point you to a hypocrite sometime who went out impersonating something. He didn't do it because he was impersonating. But if it come from a true source of the word of God, heavens and earth will pass away, but my word cannot pass away. It's got to stay there. He says, you see, it's sis. Amen. It must be accepted in the mind. So don't go looking at what other people have done. When it's believed with the heart, then the word of God becomes a reality. When every sense of soul and body is just scout out with the Holy Spirit, then your sense of God, your conscious of God, everything that's godly flows through you. There's not a doubt anywhere. There's nothing can rise up. There's nothing can come up in the memory and say, "Well, I remember Miss Miss Jones tried to trust God and Miss so and so and Miss Doe tried to trust God for healing one time. She failed." But if that channel has been cleared out and been purged and been filled on the inside with the Holy Spirit that don't even come into the memory, no matter about Miss Jones and what she did, it's you and God together and nobody else but you two. &gt;&gt; So it's not about what others have done and God and even how God has led other people. It's not about that. It's you and God. I mean th that that's all that matters in your Christian walk. You and God. Okay, there you are. See, there's your battle. Kill him at the beginning. stop him dead in his track. It ain't long It ain't how long you can make the war linger that to it. Stop it right now. Amen. So, a good war finishes quick. Amen. It's not about how long. I've been in this battle with the devil for a long time. It's your choice to end it or not. Stop entertaining his nonsense and him pointing out because remember, he's the accuser of the brethren. Amen. He sure he goes before God and accuses you know about us before him. But he also wants to do that same thing to you for you to look at those people and say well they believe that they believed in the coming of the Lord. They believed in the rapture and you know all these things. Look where they ended up. They believe the message. Look where they ended up. It's not about you and them. It's about you and God. &gt;&gt; Amen. So I think it's very I'm going to be repeating this phrase, but I think it's very important. We walk with God. Enoch did not walk with everyone else and God. He walked with God and was not cuz God took him. Right? Sure, he had fellowship and all these things. He wasn't an island by himself, but he walked with God. Amen. And I pray if the Bible would continue to be written that our names were there would be there with Enoch. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you walked with God and were not because God took you. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, it's nobody else but you and God. &gt;&gt; And just look what God has done with his word and focus on that. &gt;&gt; Amen. You see what happens is people look around and they look at what others are doing. and they and they see what others have done with the word then they just readjust or do the opposite of what people have done. So for example, brother Bram says that you know the Pentecostals they took a minor which is speaking in tongues and gifts and things and made it a major. He says you can never major on a minor. So what people do is they take the minors and they throw them away because it's not a major. So why do we need them? We still need speaking in tongues. We need gifts of healing. We need prophecy. We need miracles. We need the moving of the Holy Spirit. We need the dynamics in the church. Remember, brother Bram said that the the dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost that will pack us up into glory. Amen. So, we all need those things. This is still a Pentecostal move, not of denomination, but by experience where God has restored us back to the power of Pentecost, but with the true doctrine of Paul. Amen. So, we have the fundamentals and the mechanics together, the dynamics and the mechanics running together. Amen. So, we're not a people that just become anointed and then fall, but because we've been restored back to Paul's gospel, we're anointed and God lives us in us and we overcome. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. This is what we're being restored to. So, we can't take minors out, we need the whole thing. &gt;&gt; Now, I don't know music, but I'm sure if if if someone, you know, the band was playing and you cut out all the minors, but the composer put the minors in the song. See, I might not be able to tell, but the composer Isaac, brother Isaac writes a song and and you guys are playing it and everyone says, "I'm just going to cut the minors out." Why? You know, we don't need the minors in the sheet music. He would say, "Hey, that song's wrong. You're playing it not according to the inspiration given to me." Right? And it's the same thing with the word of God. We can't take the minors out of the gospel. Amen. Cuz that's taking part of the word out of the word. And the whole word is a complete revelation. Amen. So, we can't take part of the word and say, "We don't need that anymore just because of what others have done." Who cares what they've done? We can't explain or why they've done those things they've done, but it's me and God. I'm going to give an account for my walk and my revelation. So, I'm just going to say, "Lord, reveal yourself to me in your word and I'll be very satisfied." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why it's so important that we that we always stay in the spirit of the composer. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon speaks about uh being in the spirit of the composer quite a lot and the mighty God unveiled before us. And to me it just shows if you want to see the mighty God unveiled get into the spirit of the composer. I mean get into the spirit. Imagine if you see see this a lot of composers they conduct their own work because they've received the inspiration and they they are trusting that how they've trained their their musicians will be exactly this how they play it will be exactly the same way as the inspiration came to them. Right? And so can you imagine how there's this guy and he's and he's conducting away. He knows how the sheet sheet music should be. But then the lead violinist says, "No, I don't like those miners in that place." He'd probably get upset, &gt;&gt; right? I just want you to think about it. He'd get upset. It's like, "No, this is not how it came to me. I want it played how it came to me. That's why you're in the orchestra." Amen. And a lot of people have changed the word of God to make it play a different sound than what it is today. Like they say, the days of miracles have passed. I say they've taken out whole sheets of the music, right? Oh, he doesn't move like he used to. and we just got the word now. And we're, you know, we we just got to be stable and we can't be too, you know, emotional. All these things, emotion is part of the gospel. We're living people, right? Any anything without emotion is dead, right? We don't go running. We don't walk by emotion. We walk by revelation. Amen. But revelation will bring emotion. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's like the wise men, you know, they, you know, when they went into Jerusalem, they didn't see the star. And everyone was confused where where's you know what do you mean a star and the king and all these things and you know then they left this left the city after they found out he's to be born in Bethlehem. They saw the star again and they were exceeding they had exceedingly great joy. I think they did a dance on their camels when they went out and saw the star again. That one we were following now has appeared again after all this confusion we've been in. And you know they didn't throw out the Bible just because of what the scribes and Pharisees were doing in Jerusalem. They just kept following the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. I tell you what, friends of you, if your joy is gone, I'd say maybe you're just in a bit of confusion, but just get back following the message. Amen. And you'll find a joy come back into your step again because he will lead you to the Messiah. And in the Amen. The message has revealed the Messiah to us. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we're going to be in in the spirit of the composer. &gt;&gt; Amen. In in the rhythm of the word, however that's playing, the crescendo, whatever is going on. Amen. You say, you know, we're all part of the orchestra. &gt;&gt; That's right. You can just be the, you know, it's like the guy who plays the big symbols maybe once or the triangle just a few times. You know, he's practicing just as much as the lead violin or the whatever. You know, he's, you know, you know, he, you know, he's practicing. He's waiting for his time. You know, maybe, you know, he gets up in the morning the same time he puts on his suit. He, you know, gets all ready. He's been practicing. He's been absorbed into the sheet music and the spirit of the composer. He stands there and he stands there and then it's this time he just goes ting, you know, and he puts it down and he's and you know and he waits for the rest to play out and he's finished. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, is the ting really that important?" To the composer it was. That's why he put it in the music. Amen. So, we may just be a little ting, but God wants our sound because we're part of the sheet music. We're part of his word. Amen. And if God's word can so transform a person, amen, to be part of his sheep music because we're ordained to be part of it, I think we should focus on what God has done with his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why it would come to the end of the book of Revelation says and the spirit and the bride say come. Amen. Let let him that heareth say come and let him that is a thirst come and whosoever will let him take the water of life freely. Amen. So the spirit and the bride are saying the same thing. Amen. Why? Because the bride is in the spirit. Amen. They are anointed by the same one that gave the word. Amen. So they have full confidence that God can do what his word says it can do. Amen. We are not guessing. Can he fulfill his word or is his word right? Amen. We have been so God is so vindicated in this end time that his word is true. Amen. That he can con he's conquered hell, death, and the grave. And he's here to bring forth the greatest manifestation of the victory of the cross that's ever happened is going to happen in this day. Well, what's that victory going to be? The dead in Christ are going to rise. I mean, those that have truly received God's God's eternal gift of eternal life, his his Christmas present. Amen. And they're going to rise and we're going to be changed with them. Amen. It's going to be the full proof of the blood that it works. Amen. That God is going to do an incredible thing in this day. And we're living in a resurrection season. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. He made you alive, did he not? &gt;&gt; You were once dead in trespasses and sins. Amen. He's made you alive. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You say, "Well, what about what others have done?" It really doesn't matter. &gt;&gt; Doesn't matter how many quotes they use, scriptures they use, whatever they use. Don't worry about them. &gt;&gt; Follow the Lord. &gt;&gt; What has God said about his word? What has he done with his word? He's brought it to manifestation. Amen. In every season, it's come to pass. Amen. When when when Noah was commanded to build an ark, what did he do? He built that ark. Amen. And what happened? The flood came everything. And he was carried to safety. And we could go through many promises of the Bible, many things God has promised to happen. And it's happened exactly the same way. And now God in this end time has restored a people to say what the spirit has said. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not saying something different. We're not taking away. We're not adding to. It's the same inspiration that gave the word is now living within you and I because we know what God has done with his word. And when we see what he's done with his word, he's made it fulfilled. If I'm going a bit fast, I'll try and go in the slow lane a bit. But, you know, I just want to get this point across. Let's focus on the word. &gt;&gt; What has he done with it? He's he's he's delivered. Amen. He's brought slaves out of Egypt and one man invasion. Amen. Conquered conquered the superpower of the age. Amen. You got to look at that. A man under the blood of bulls and goats. If he could do that and bring forth the creative power of God to bring a deliverance, how much more a people under the blood of Jesus Christ? Amen. And if and if a 180-year-old man can bring a people out of a superpower and bring a deliverance, how big is your problem then? &gt;&gt; Amen. What about your way with loved ones or your trouble you're facing in your life? If a man can do that under the blood of bulls and goats commissioned by God, how much more you and I, you've been sent as Moses has been sent. You've been commissioned by the word of God just like he did. Amen. Why? To bring a deliverance. Amen. That God would live in your life and prove his word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Psalms 107. Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses. Trust you're in in this verse right now. I feel I'm here. Amen. He sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destructions. Oh that man would praise the Lord for his goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men. Let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving and declare his works with rejoicing. Hallelujah. We can rejoice this morning. Amen. He's done incredible things. I mean he saved us from destruction. Amen. When we were actually our own human nature wanted to go that way. He interrupted your plans. He interrupted your steps. I mean cuz he was all he was determined. I'm going to raise up stones to be children of Abraham. I'm going to raise up ali rats and prostitutes and religious people and all these all all the rubbish of the world. God's risen up transformed. &gt;&gt; I put myself on that statement. Amen. You would have you would have written me off if you saw me. But God didn't write me off. And God has not written you off. And God's not written off your family. Amen. He's not written off anybody. We can't write off anybody because God is more than able to do exceedingly abundantly above. we can ask or think. Amen. Cuz what has he done with his word? He sent it into impossible situations. I mean, he sent it into the fiery furnace. He stepped in himself into an impossible situation. And the three Hebrew men did not burn up. Amen. He sent his word into the lion's den. And Daniel wasn't eaten. Amen. He was delivered out of that thing. He sent his word into Egypt. Amen. Through the form of Moses and brought a mighty deliverance. Friends, how much more in 2025? He sent his word to this end time what to do. Bring a mighty deliverance. Amen. Amen. Bring healing. Bring restoration. Fill with the spirit. Amen. To line a people's hearts with his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. He's done many mighty things. &gt;&gt; Amen. We can rejoice. Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; What has he done? What is his word? His spirit has quickened us to his word. &gt;&gt; He's made us alive. This is what God has done with his word. Remember, we were his enemies. There was a chasm of sin between us and God. Amen. We were aliens. We were his enemies. We were actively at war against him whether we realize it or not. Cuz unbelief puts us at polar opposites with God. Amen. And what did he do? He bridged that chasm. He destroyed that chasm that day on Calvary. Amen. What did he do? He sent his word with his with his spirit. He quickened you. Made it alive. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; The same faith when he believed his word in the beginning, let there be sun, moon, and stars. and he believed his own word. &gt;&gt; Where's that faith now? It's in you. &gt;&gt; Paul said, "The life I now live, I live by the faith of the Son of God." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That same faith that said, "Let there be is now in you." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I want to find something here. What does that faith now do? He says, "By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand and rejoice in hope of the glory of God." Amen. So the faith that God has given us gives us access into this grace, this divine influence. That's why it's so important to take God at his word. &gt;&gt; See, when the devil points out someone else and their failures, he's trying to block an access to God's grace in your life. We got to we got to really look at this very seriously that we don't get critical against one another. We're all a work in progress. There's still scaffolding around this guy, &gt;&gt; right? There's still that I'm still a work in progress. The scaffolding will come down when this body's changed. &gt;&gt; I won't need I will be complete then. But until that time, God's working on me. He's working on my character. He's working on my attitude. He's working on my nature. He's working on how I treat others and myself and he's working on me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And if God looks at me as a work in progress, how does he look at you all of us as a work in progress? So we should look at our each other in that same way. We are not the same people we were at the start of 2025. &gt;&gt; Thank the Lord. &gt;&gt; Why? Cuz we've been a work in progress. Right? So if God can look at us in that way, I think we can look at one another that way. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. We can have grace one for another. I I I trust. Amen. Now, we have been God has been so good &gt;&gt; to prove his word, but give us the grace to rejoice in him fulfilling his word. &gt;&gt; Because we can look beyond the wrapping. We can look beyond the exterior. When Jesus would go into the synagogue there in Nazareth where he was brought up and he would stand there, it was given to him the scroll of the prophet Isaiah. And he would open that and he would he would find the part of the word he was to there to fulfill which is the spirit of laws upon me. He's anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor, set at liberty them that are bruised and you know, you know, recover the eyesight of the blind, all these things to to preach acceptable year of the Lord. The people there when they heard that did not rejoice. &gt;&gt; Isn't it Isn't it interesting? They did not rejoice that the prophecy that was there and they were just talking about was now living in front of them. &gt;&gt; And it wasn't just idle words. He had proved already that prophecy was living in his life. And they weren't rejoicing saying, "Glory to God. This man that we saw as a boy and a teenager who has been risen up among us, he's the Messiah." They weren't happy about that. After this, they wanted to take him up to a cliff and throw him down. They wanted to kill him. They weren't filled with joy and elation. They were they were they were mad because the devil in them did not want God to fulfill his word. But God has been so good to us &gt;&gt; that we rejoice. If we were in that crowd with the same spirit you have now in that crowd, you wouldn't have joined with what they were doing. &gt;&gt; There would have been a shout and a scream erupt in that synagogue like they've never heard. &gt;&gt; Why? Because you were there and you're you would realize he's fulfilling his word. &gt;&gt; What has God done with his word? He's fulfilling fulfilling it right in my in my midst. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And we can now look and we can take that same scripture and we can bring it into a body of people and we can say God has set at liberty them that are bruised &gt;&gt; because it's now not just the Messiah it's now messiah God is now living in a multi-membered people right and what happens now the the scripture that he said he was there to fulfill that same scripture is now the bride is to fulfill as well we see people come and they're spiritually blind their eyes come open that's a fulfillment of Isaiah's prophecy in this day them are bound up by complexes, pains and hurts, they get free. &gt;&gt; It's the same thing happening. God is because what this is what God has done with his word. I mean, he's taken a people that weren't a people and now he's molded them into his image, brought them together as a body that God can now live through that body. To me, it's an incredible thing. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Cuz all the promise because if he is in you, that same scripture will be fulfilled in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And as a people, we can see that and we can bear him witness. Yes, Lord, you have done incredible things. You see, because God's attitude towards his word is his word is right and it works. &gt;&gt; God has given us that same that same attitude, if I can just, you know, I probably need a better word than attitude. But you know that same revelation, that same understanding God has placed in our hearts that God's word works &gt;&gt; and it lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you see the reason he has given us that is because he wants to prove his word through his believing children. Now brother Bram says in proving his word. So no matter what how close you are to Jordan. No matter what your circumstances is you can only hold that promise of God in your I mean uh yeah sorry. You can only hold that promise of God in your heart. God will prove it that it's so in the midst of all unbelief. He'll still prove it to be so. Yes, he does it. And circumstances don't stop him. He still will do the same as he did then. Notice but it was by his believers that he proves his word by. He can only prove his word not by unbelievers. It's only by the believers that he can prove his word. No matter how much the rest of them claim to be, "Oh, I believe, brother. See, if you do, God will prove it so." Cuz we look and we see the others. How can we say then? See, it's by the true believers that he proves his word. Not by those who say they believe, but those who really believe. See, it's by his believing children that he proves his word. So, he's put he's put a revelation in our hearts. What has God done with his word? He puts that within us now. And now we have that same that same faith. God, your word is right. I'm not looking at what everyone else is is saying or doing. No, &gt;&gt; your word is true and I take you at your word. &gt;&gt; Amen. You see the the wise men when they saw the star rise and they looked in the scripture cuz we know well brother Bram tells us that that Daniel trained the wise men there in Babylon or wherever they came from. And so that knowledge was passed down to now Jesus's day. And then so when the wise men because they had studied the stars and they saw that star rise in the west because they were east and they saw that and they went into the scripture and they realized that was the fulfillment of prophecy. Now they weren't interested in what it manifested as in terms of if he's in a palace or what they just knew the king of the Jews was born. &gt;&gt; Right? So they weren't interested in the wrapping. They weren't interested in the manifestation. They just were looking for the king. &gt;&gt; Right? So when and because it was a revelation to them, it wasn't a mental understanding. It was a revelation. So h however it came, it wasn't an offense to them. You see, to these religious people in the synagogue, Jesus was an offense because they did not have a revelation that he was the fulfillment of that scripture even though he was, right? But the wise men, they didn't care about what he looked like, where he was born, rich, poor, whatever. They were looking for the Messiah. And so what did they do? They went to Jerusalem. They're looking from there. didn't find them there. When they went to Bethlehem, they were, you know, they they were carrying very expensive gifts. They traveled a long way, you know, they weren't necessarily poor people. They, you know, but the thing is they it wasn't beneath them to go into a manger. I mean, to go into a stable, they weren't offended when they came to this small city and he was not in a house. He wasn't in a nice place. He was in literally a cave where the animals were. That did not offend them because why? He they weren't looking at that. They're looking at the gift on the inside of that stable. Amen. And that's what God wants us to look beyond is he doesn't want us to look at the manifestation of the is it rich, is it smart, is it clever, whatever more. No, he wants us to see his word and not to be offended by how it's fulfilled. And I believe I'm looking at a people who are not offended by how God fulfills his word because it's God fulfilling his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, you see, it's the same thing with Caleb and Joshua. They weren't interested or worried about the giants and the cities and the trouble that was in the promised land. No, it was revealed to them because God said in his word, I'm going to bring you out of Egypt with a mighty hand and I'm going to place you in the promised land. That's what God said. And they looked at said, "Well, what has God done with his word?" He proved it in Egypt. He's proved it in the wilderness. He's going to prove it before us as well. And so they're so the revelation they were carrying is well God's going to put us in the land in spite of the trouble, the opposition. Doesn't matter what other people have done in the land or are doing in the land. See like it doesn't matter what other people have done with the message or done with the Bible or done with whatever. It doesn't matter what they've done. My inheritance is in Christ. Amen. So I'm not going to let some giant of some intellectual understanding or some perverted doctrine put me out from possessing my promise. No, the promise is there for me. I don't care what other people have done. God's word is said the rapture is in in Christ. All things are in him. Every promise belongs to me. So, I'm not going to worry about what other people have done. What has God said about it? What has God done? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, so, so Caleb and Joshua could look in there and say, "No, God's given us the land. Let's go get it." &gt;&gt; And they went and possessed it. 40 years later, we know. But they got it, right? Because why? It was revealed to them that it was theirs. &gt;&gt; So God proved his word through them. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now Jesus Jesus proved his Jesus proved see God's attitude towards his word is that his word is all powerful. Now when Jesus was in the wilderness I'm sorry I'm just trying to find a just trying to find a quote here. When Jesus after he was baptized he's led by the spirit into the wilderness and tempted by the devil. Now we we believe that the fullness of God here bodily was in Christ, right? He had all power. He was the creator made flesh. He could have spoken to the devil and made him disappear from every plane of existence. &gt;&gt; But what did he do? He didn't use his great powers upon the enemy. He used his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. He he used his word because so so what has God done with his word? He has proved that it will defeat Satan any place, anytime, anywhere. Right? See, Jesus could have done anything he wanted to the devil. He could have bound him into the lowest hell. He could have silenced his voice forever. He could have destroyed him just with a even a wink or a twinkle. He could have, you know, of an eye. Could have been all gone. But what did Jesus do? He wanted to place it to the hands of the weakest Christian. That doesn't matter how you feel. See, isn't it interesting? The devil never comes against a believer when they're feeling happy, when they're strong, when they're not tired, when they're not mentally worn out. He always comes against us at our weakest point. &gt;&gt; Who's had the experience? You know, you're super tired, you're worn out, mind battles start coming. B say devil, go away. Business hours are closed. I got no time for this right now. But he always comes to you at your weakest point. And and this is what he did against the Lord Jesus. So he's going to do the same thing against you. So, we should not be surprised that when that when we feel stressed out, worn out, that's when the trouble really pours in because that's what the devil does. But you see, God God proved, amen, in the in the wilderness now that when you're in that state, my word works. &gt;&gt; I don't need to get a substitute. I can just quote the word of God against the enemy. Amen. And the enemy has to turn and run. Amen. His attack is totally defeated just by quoting the word. You say, "Well, what scripture do I need?" God will bring it to mind. &gt;&gt; You don't need to be all worked up. Well, do I need to know the right one? No. God will give you the right scripture to combat the enemy when he comes and brings the attack. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's why we've got to have, see, this is what God has done with his word. Now, we're going to let God do the same thing in our lives with his word. You see, if you have supreme confidence in his word, you're not going to turn to something else. You're not going to turn to human psychology or something that's contrary to the word. know you're going to just take the word of God and stand there with it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But when he meets Satan, I'm just reading the yellow there. He never used his power. He gives an example for the weakest of Christians. When he met Satan, he said, "It's written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. The weakest Christian can take that stand. Hold it sure. God's in his word." Every time when he met the enemy, he said, "It's written. I believe he had power to do it." But he met Satan on the same grounds with the same word that you can meet him with. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad he put it within your hands? &gt;&gt; Amen. You can just take the word of God, quoted your enemy, and he has to run. &gt;&gt; Amen. This is what God did with his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. He conquered the enemy with his word. And the Lord Jesus has placed the same ability in your life. Doesn't matter how you feel. Jesus was hungry. He was worn out by fasting. He was at his weakest point, but yet he quoted the word and Satan had to run. His attacks against him were defeated. Amen. It's the same thing with you and I. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, so he's going to prove it. Now, what else did he do? I think I've already said it there with I'll not suffer the holy one to see corruption. But you see, the Lord Jesus proved his word. See, his attitude towards his word is his word works. Jesus had perfect faith in who he was. &gt;&gt; He knew who he was. For this cause, I've come to the world to be the lamb of God. Amen. He knew who he was. He had perfect faith in who he was. And it gave him a perfect faith that he was going to fulfill what God has sent him to do. Now, this message has come to identify sons and daughters of God. This is what God has done with his word. He's identified God's children. Amen. We're not church members. We're not here by association or just part of a group. No, God has not sent his message to do that. He's come to identify sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and he does this by revealing to us that this message is Messiah. It is Jesus Christ. I mean, that's what he did to the woman at the well. I mean, isn't it amazing? Jesus just gave a few a few phrases to her. Had a short conversation. He didn't explain a lot of things. He didn't come and talk about a lot of theology. He just said basically he that speaks to thee am he revealed her life, what she had been through, where she was. But then, you know, she just said, "We know where Messiah cometh. He He'll tell us all things." And and he just said, "Well, I'm he." It changed her whole life. Why did he go that way? Because there was a daughter of God that was wandering in darkness that the light needed to turn on. Amen. So, what did he do? He didn't come for the water. I just like this. He came for me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why? Cuz he's identifying a daughter of God by his word. Amen. It's the same thing with you and I. This message has come to identify sons and daughters of God. That's why we're not part of Shakana Tabernacle. There's no membership here. &gt;&gt; There's no forms. There's no systematic way of joining. You cannot join this church. &gt;&gt; Amen. You can never join a message church. No. You join the kingdom of God by a birth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's the new birth. by one spirit were baptized into one body. &gt;&gt; Amen. So now if he has identified sons and daughters of God by his word, which he has, then what will he do? He's going to take his word and he's going to prove his word through them. &gt;&gt; So what has God done? We live in the what has God done with his word? He's allowed the world to get the darkest it's ever been. the most chaos, the most confusion, the most voices, the most, you know, someone could be sitting in Alaska somewhere and be watching this service or the end of the world, the opposite side of the world from New Zealand, Spain. They could be in Spain and watching the service. Everyone in the world could contact the service right now. My voice can go around the world in an instant. Everyone's opinion goes around the world. Right? So, what has he done? God, what has God done with his word? He's allowed the world to get so dark. Even brother couldn't see beyond 1977. It's so dark. How how long have we gone through that? You know, since then, many years. &gt;&gt; But God, what has he done with his word? He sent it into this darkness because he knows his word will prevail. &gt;&gt; He's not worried about you. &gt;&gt; He's not worried about what state you find yourself in today cuz he's looking from eternity. &gt;&gt; Amen. He sees us perfected, glorified, I mean, in in eternal bodies around his throne already cuz he's outside of time. I mean, he's not bound within what we can see. He looks far beyond. Amen. So, friends, if this is what he's done with his word, he has confidence in his word. He has supreme confidence. I mean, when he died on Calvary, he wasn't guessing. Have I done enough? No, he knew. He knew exactly he had paid it in full. He paid the debt in full. Like, you know, like Abraham and Shadow buying the burying place for Sarah. Paid the full amount for the ground. I mean, for the for the cave of Mpella. Paid paid the full amount. He didn't have to pay a deposit anymore. No, he paid it in full. He made sure that that was a total that was bought. The boundaries, everything were there that there was no dispute. And when Jesus died on Calvary, he paid our redemption in full. He paid for the redemption of the whole world. Amen. He paid for the new heavens and new earth, the renovation of this world, the destruction of the enemy. He he paid for it all. &gt;&gt; Amen. And he made sure that in Christ, in his word, there's a burying place. I mean, there's a there's a place of safety. And it's like, don't bury me in this world. bury me in Christ. Amen. Cuz that's where the resurrection is going to take place. Amen. So what has God done with his word? He sent it to this darkest of ages. This world is in a chaos. Amen. But God sent his word into chaos to bring order in your life. Amen. That this world can fall apart. But you're still standing. And it's not by your ability. It's not by how smart you are. It's not how clever you are, your finances or nothing. No, it's God's supreme grace. Amen. has come into your life by his word because God has full confidence, friends. He's not afraid. He knows his word works. Amen. If he can say, "Let there be sun, moon, and stars and it worked." Amen. That he sent his word down through the ages and it's worked. It's going to work and it is working in this end time. Amen. We are not out of the care of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. This is what God has done with his word. He's He has risen up stones, the children of Abraham. He has taken the unlikely of the world. I I I love this cuz I'm in that category. Amen. He has taken people that never would be considered to be the sons and daughters of God. You look at the first stones built into the temple of God in the New Testament. Peter tried to kill a guy. The ignorant the ministers could not even read or write, sign their own name. There were people like the woman at the well, the prostitutes, all these different ones that because God, what was he doing? He was gathering stones. He's gathering stones through his ministry. He went, what did he do? He called Peter, James, and John. Come follow me. What is he doing? Gathering stones. I mean, to make them his children, to make them his bride. I mean, but if you looked at 120, you'd say, "They ain't the New Testament church. They'd never be the bride of Jesus Christ." But God was looking beyond the exterior cuz he doesn't look at the exterior. He doesn't look at the wrapping. He looks at the gift. Amen. That love gift of Christ that's in our life. Amen. That seed of predestination. He looks at that. Hallelujah. And so what he's doing, he's gathering stones. Amen. And and if he started the building that way, he's going to end the building that way. Amen. Where there's a people that have been redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. That have the same attitude towards his word that he does. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, who cares what man has done with his word? What has God done with his word? I mean, God has done incredible things. I think we can rejoice in this Christmas present that he's given us of eternal life. He picked you up. He turned you around. Place your feet on solid ground. Place your feet on the revelation of the word. Amen. Cause you to realize you're part of the You're part of the symphony. You're part of his sheet music. Amen. You're part of his word. God has made you this. It's not you. It's him that has done it. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. He came looking for me. &gt;&gt; Amen. In the darkest of ages where where God's not welcome in many places. Amen. He came looking for you and I. Praise the Lord. He sent forth his word. I mean, he sent a message into this end time what to do to lift up a people, reveal who they are in Christ. Give them prevailing power of revelation. Amen. To show them the revelation he had to overcome. That same revelation comes into you &gt;&gt; and you overcome. &gt;&gt; Amen. He vindicates his word. We don't need to We don't need to worry about what anyone else does. I'm going to be wrapping this up, but we don't need to worry about what anyone else has done. Don't worry about it. &gt;&gt; Amen. What has God done with his word? &gt;&gt; What has he done with his word? &gt;&gt; He's raptured people. Enoch was raptured. Elijah was raptured. Amen. Elijah stood there all alone on Mount Carmel. God proved his word. &gt;&gt; God's a God of fire. He's a consuming fire. Amen. He is he he he brought Lazarus out of the grave with his word. Amen. He brought Legion. Legion wasn't legion after that visitation. Why? Cuz that was God what God did with his word. Now God wants to take that same word, put it in you, anoint you with it. Amen. And then you speak it and God will do the same things. Amen. Brother Ram said when a son of God or I say a daughter of God takes the word of God in faith and speaks it across their lips inspired, it's the same as deity speaking, every mountain has to move. Nothing can stand before that man or woman. That's what God has done with his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We've seen God anoint lips of clay. Oh, that was in the prophet's day. No, it's in this day. &gt;&gt; Amen. He that believeth on me, greater works than these shall you do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Cuz I go to the father. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Oh, well, we need the prophet to come back. No, we don't. We got the God of the prophet. &gt;&gt; We got the God of the message living in human people. Living in humans once again, deity in humanity. &gt;&gt; That's what God's done with his word. &gt;&gt; I know other people have said that. Don't worry about them. &gt;&gt; What's he done in your life? He's restored us back to a true Pentecostal experience. But I know people have gone ran wild with that. Don't worry about them. &gt;&gt; What's he done with you? &gt;&gt; What's he done with you? Have you really been born again? You really must meet God. He's not an idea. You don't just grow into it. God changes a life. Like we saw Mo Mo here before they left. He said a previous and I'm sure we can all see there was a transformation taking place &gt;&gt; from what he was even just a year before to what he became. He said, "Because at the previous camp, he received the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; A light turned on. A light came into his life." &gt;&gt; Why? What happened? God transformed him and we could see it. &gt;&gt; He didn't just evolve into that. God quickened his seed. &gt;&gt; He had a meeting with God. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm so thankful that same meeting you say, "Well, &gt;&gt; how's it going to happen?" God is God is individual. &gt;&gt; But you can look back in your life and say from that time something happened. Something changed in my life. I'm no longer that same person. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; What has he done with his word? He's proved it &gt;&gt; over and over and over again. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I'm not worried about the critic. &gt;&gt; I'm not worried about the naysayer. That's not my portion. My portion is I'm walking with God &gt;&gt; and God has proven his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so in closing, I know I've been a bit short, but just in closing, this is good. I think if you want to match something, match your experience against Paul's. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what we need today is a matching time with Paul's faith in the Bible. That's our example, right? Real matching time. Don't try to match your neighbor. Match some of the saints of the Bible. If you're a saint, act like a saint, walk like a saint, dress like a saint, talk like a saint, pray like a saint, believe like a saint, shout like a saint, be like a saint, live like a saint, die like a saint, go to heaven like a saint. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what we should look at. Hallelujah. That's what we're ordained to have. Live like a saint. People say, "It's between me and God. They're living in drugs and in the world." Let God change you. &gt;&gt; Why? You know, we don't have any scarecrows to hide behind. Just go beyond the scarecrow. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let God transform your life. See, don't let the battle drag on. Why not end the battle? &gt;&gt; Why not just have a victory over that thing? &gt;&gt; Amen. Why not dress like a saint? &gt;&gt; Why not be a saint? Why not shout like a saint? &gt;&gt; Go to heaven like a saint. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is what God's done with his word. &gt;&gt; Remember, God has made us sinless as he is sinless. Remember, he became sin for us who knew no sin. &gt;&gt; That would become the very righteousness of God in Christ. &gt;&gt; Oh, one day. No, no, today. If you're in Christ, you're as righteous as God is righteous. &gt;&gt; You're sinless as God is sinless. Even in these mortal bodies, that's what God has done with his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's no condemnation to walk after the spirit which are in Christ. &gt;&gt; That's what God has done with his word. &gt;&gt; He's given us prevailing power. What has he done? He's given us overcoming power. &gt;&gt; He's given us a life that we don't need to fear nothing. &gt;&gt; The enemy is defeated. &gt;&gt; Don't give him any time in your mind that he can win. He can't win. He's already lost. He's already lost the war. He doesn't want to admit it, but he's lost, right? He has he has been defeated on Calvary. Our God is victorious. That's what God has done with his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. He has defeated our God is supreme. He has full confidence in who he is &gt;&gt; and what he can do. &gt;&gt; Ask you the question this morning. Do you have the same confidence &gt;&gt; that his word &gt;&gt; can do what it says it can do? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's have the musicians, please. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Aren't you glad God gave you grace &gt;&gt; to look at what God has done with his word to look beyond everything else? Cuz those things are there. We understand. But we can look. God has given us eyesight to look at what God has done with his word and to walk with him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; God bless, brother Isaac. Nothing slows you down. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Let's stand, shall we? Amen. Let's sing that song. There's power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Praise the Lord. There is power. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the Jesus blood of the lamb. Would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in the blood. Yes. Power in the blood. Oh, would you? Oh, evil of victory win. There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Yes, power in the blood. Oh, come for a cleansing to Calvary sight. There's wonderful power in his blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you be whiter, much wider than snow? There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. Since things are lost in its lifegiving flow, there's wonderful power in the blood. blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you do service for Jesus, your king? There's power in the blood. Yes, power in the blood. Oh, would you live daily his praises to sing? There's wonderful power in the blood. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Well, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Can we sing that song? Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what God's done with his word. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So thankful for that. As I look out across the land, I see God's mighty hand. The bride of Christ adorned in a wedding gown. Oh, just like in the days of old, they stood in courage bold and turned the whole world upside down. Rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Now the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. Or demon spirits were cast out. In jail they sing and shout while surrounded by God's holy angel band. Oh rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. If you think it's all long gone, days of miracles are done. I have some good news to bring to you. In this last days, out spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength here in you. Rising up, rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. There's a New Testament church. Let's go to verse three. Oh, if you think it's all long gone, the days of miracles are done. I have some good news to bring to you. In this last days, we pour out his spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength here in you. Oh, rising up, rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. up. Rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. You're part of that New Testament church. That New Testament bride, God has risen up. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's uh let's bow heads in a word of prayer. Amen. Gracious father, we thank you so much. Help us, dear God, ways to focus on what you have done with your word, not what others have done, what you have done. Lord, you've proved it over and over and over again. You are faithful and true, Lord, to your word. You are your word, dear God. We're so thankful, Lord, that we can take you at your word, Lord Jesus, that we just, as you said, to only believe. And you've given us such grace to just believe, just to take you at your word, Lord God. We're so thankful what you have done, Lord. You've taken us out of the muck and mire of sin, out of darkness, out of religious chaos. Lord, brought us back in line with your word. And I pray, Father, may we just continue to walk with you no matter what others do. Lord, we don't know what 2026 will hold, but Father, we just want to just walk with you through it. Dear God, we love you so much. Just want to commit these words, commit our lives into your hands for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. We thank you, Lord, what you have done and what you're doing with your word. You're doing mighty things and we praise you for them, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You got a you got a song, &gt;&gt; ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God changing me and changing. We have open the word for Yes. Give us strength. Help us go in this world where we roam. The word of God will guide us home. Word of God, it's ever true. It's changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy work of our faith handed down through the same came to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ. Holy word, long preserved for our in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Oh word of God ever true. It's changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh let the word of God impart. Oh word of God ever true. It's changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith handed down to the saint came to us through sacrifice. Oh he the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long preserved for our war in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Word of God ever true. Changing me and changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh let the word of God. Word of God. Oh word of God ever true. changing me and changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh, let the word of God, word of God, oh word of God, ever true. It's changing me. It's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart cuz we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. God bless you all this morning. Everything. God, I want Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
