################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2028-09-25 - 280925 - In This World But Not Of This World - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2028-09-25
Title:    280925 - In This World But Not Of This World - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 13m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YH1N0p_MoiA
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] You feel me? [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Good morning. Welcome to the house of God this morning. Let's um let's stand up and let's because we're so happy to be here and so happy to see each other. You can you can even leave your seats and you can go and say hello to people around you. And don't forget everyone swarm Ruby over here in the crimson top. [Music] Sorry Ruby, I couldn't help it. Why don't we greet each other? It's good to be here. It's good to um um it's good to be in the company of believers and the and the company of people that love you and that are going to that only want the best for you. Oh, even the musicians get some love a marion. That's good. It's good to be in the house of God. It's good to be It's good to be amongst believers and people that people that are positive, people that are uh have a zest for life and that love the Lord. [Music] Let's give us an E. God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over. God's not dead. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. Stand up and shout it. Stand up and shout it. If you love my Jesus, stand up and shout it. If you love my Lord, I want to know. Yes, I want to know. Do you love my stand up and shout it? Stand up and shout it. If you love my Jesus, stand up and shout it. My Lord, I want to know. Yes, I want to know. My God's not God's not. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. Amen. Every praise is to have God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our every praises to our God. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God our savior. [Applause] God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. Sing halleluah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Sing glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Sing glory. Hallelujah. You are God. Every praise. Every praise to our God. God our savior. God saveior. God, [Applause] [Music] [Applause] God deliver [Music] our savior. [Applause] God our savior. God, God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise, every praise is to our God. And I said, every word of worship was one. [Applause] Every praise, every praisees to our God. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelujah to our God. Sing glory. Hallelujah. It's to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. [Applause] Yes, he is. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer, God our deliverer. Yes, he is God our savior. God our savior. He is God our healer and God our deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is. [Music] For a long time I traveled down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy in sin. I sang low when I heard about Jesus. [Music] What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his saving power. Thank God I am free. Thank God I am free. Free. free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out that he would bring me out and show me the way. Like a bird out of prison, born is taking his flight. Like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Like the poor wretched beggar [Music] that found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out to his holy name. Thank God I am free. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. me saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out, show me the way. Thank God I am free. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out. Show me the way. Thank God I am free. Thank God I am free. far from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Halleluah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. [Music] [Music] How great the chasm that lay between us. How high the mountain. I could not climb. In desperation, I turned to heaven and spoke your name into the night. Then through the darkness, your loving kindness through the shadows of my soul. The work is finished. The end is written. Jesus Christ. My Listen that verse one more time. How great the chasm. How great the chasm that lay between us. How high the mountain I could not climb. In desperation I turned to heaven and I spoke your name into the night. into the darkness. Your loving kindness saw through the shadows of my soul. The work is finished. The end is written. Jesus Christ my living. [Music] Who could imagine so great a mercy? What heart could fathom such boundless grace? The God of aesthet. down from glory to where my sin and bear my shame and the cross has spoken. I am foreign. The king of kings is beautiful. I'm yours forever. Jesus Christ my living. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost his me. You are broken there with salvation in your name. Jesus Christ might [Applause] sing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] has lost his you [Applause] salvation in your name Jesus Christ my living sing hallelujah hallelujah praise the one set me free hallelujah Death has lost its grip on me. I've broken every chain. This salvation [Music] Jesus Christ my living. Then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body began to breathe. Out of the silence, the roaring lion [Music] declare the grave has no claim on me. Then came the morning. Then came the morning that sealed the heart. Your buried body began to breathe. out of the sun. The roaring light [Applause] [Music] for Jesus yours is the victory. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain with salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my living host. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my living hope. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name Jesus Christ my livinging home. [Music] Well, I searched the world and it couldn't fill me and man's empty praise. Treasures the faith are never enough. Then you came along and you put me back together. And every desire is now satisfied here in your love. Oh, there's nothing there's nothing better than you. There is nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing, nothing is better than you. I'm not afraid and I'm not afraid to show you my weakness, my failures and flaws. But you've seen them all and you still call me friend. Cuz the god of the mountain is the god of the valley. There's not a place I see grace won't find me again. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Nothing is better than you. You turn morning. You turn morning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can turn morning. You turn morning to dancing. [Music] You give beauty for aes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who can. You turn graves into garden. You turn bones into aries. You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who cares. Nothing. Oh, there's nothing [Music] better than you. Lord, there's nothing better than you. There is nothing nothing is better than you. Oh, there's nothing there is nothing better than you, better than you. There is no nothing is better than you. All my words for sure. I got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing this song as I often do. Every song must give and you never do. So I throw up my hands to praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king. set for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] I've got one resp. [Music] So I th my hand praise you again and again. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I know it's not much else for me except for [Music] [Applause] My hands I praise you again. All that I have is [Music] I know it's not much and I'm nothing else for a king. Except for a heart single [Applause] hallelujah. Oh, so come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Oh come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Oh come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. You got to lie inside of those to get out and praise the Lord. Oh come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you sh [Music] [Applause] [Music] my hands up my hand. Praise you again and again. [Applause] All that I have is a heart. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a heart. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. What else can we give him but our lives all that we are? &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, musicians. Amen. God bless you all this morning. Good to have everyone here today. Amen. We have a special birthday girl in the back. Happy birthday, Joel. God bless you. Amen. God bless you, Richley. Amen. So, we have um communion foot washing this coming Wednesday. Um Scott slip past me. Amen. Absolutely. keep Ken in prayer. Amen. So, God bless you all. How's everyone today? Everyone's good. Praise the Lord. Amen. We want to um and also so next Sunday we're going to have a youth gathering at our place, I think. Yes, Rick. Yep. Yep. All good. Amen. So, God bless you all. Let's turn to the scripture this morning. Um, we're going to go to Daniel chapter 2 and we're just going to read a couple of verses. Well, few verses here down to verse 45. Okay. Amen to Daniel chapter 2 and we're going to read here from verse 31 to 45. And it and it reads here like this. Says, "Oh, thou king source and behold a great image. This great image whose brightness was excellent stood before thee, and the form thereof was terrible. This image head was of fine gold, his breast and his arms were silver, his belly and thighs of brass, his legs of iron, his feet part of iron and part of clay. Thou sawest till that a stone was cut without hands, which smokeote the image upon his feet, and were of iron and clay, and break them in pieces. To them was the iron, the clay, the brass, the silver, and the gold broke to pieces together and become like the chaff of the summer threshing floors. And the wind carried them away, and that that there was no place found for them. And the stone that smoked the image became a great mountain that filled the whole earth. Amen. And this is the dream. And I'll tell the interpretation thereof before the king. Thou, oh king, art the king of kings, art a king of kings, for the king, for the God of heaven hath given you a kingdom power and strength and glory. And wheresoever the children of men dwell the beasts of the field, and the fowls of heaven hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all. Thou art this head of gold. And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee, and and another a third kingdom of brass, which shall bear rule over all the earth. And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron. For as much as iron breakth in pieces, and subdueth all things, and as iron that breakth all these shall it break in pieces and bruise. And whereas thou sawest the feet and toes part of potter's clay, part of iron, the kingdom shall be divided, but there shall be in it of the strength um of the strength of the iron. For as much as thou sawest the iron mixed with mary clay. And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, part of clay, so the kingdom shall be strong and partly broken. And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men, and they shall not cleave one to another, even as iron is not mixed with clay. And in the days of these kings shall God shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed. And the kingdom shall not be left to another people. It shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and shall stand forever. For as much as our sorest at the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, and it break in pieces the iron and the brass and the clay, the silver and gold, the great God hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter. And the dream is certain and the interpretation thereof sure. Amen. And just a bit of a context, you don't need to turn to it. We'll just read it here in John uh 17. This is the Lord speaking. He says, "I've given them thy word, and the world hath hated them because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou should us keep them from the evil. They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. Sanctify them through thy truth. Thy word is truth. As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world." Amen. bit of a I pray it'll make sense and come together as we go along. But let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer this morning, shall we? Amen. Let's dedicate our lives to the Lord. Oh gracious Lord Jesus. We are so glad Lord we can just throw up our hands and praise you again and again Lord for what you've done Lord. Your mercy so great dear God. Your grace is supreme. We bow our heads and our hearts in your presence Lord asking you to take control now dear God. May you speak to all of our lives. Speak to my life Lord. Change me dear God. Father may you have your way dear God. May you move in Lord in a sup very supernatural way today both here and Lord also those who are watching today dear God may you be our abundant portion Father we especially want to remember brother Phil at home Lord just praying you continue to heal them dear God we just want to remember especially Rick Father especially dear God over in South Africa Father praying you'd strengthen him dear God be with him and his family Sharon and Lord the family there dear God we commit them into your hands Lord we know you're the mighty God you're the mighty healer and we thank you Lord we can commit every case into your hands nothing too difficult for you. And father, as we've read your word, we now ask you to come and bless it, anoint it to our hearts. May have your way in our midst, Lord, for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Friends, you can all have your seats this morning. So, I want to speak about this if I could use it as a title. We are they are of the world even as I am not of the world. So, what we read there in in um Daniel chapter 2 is Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, he had a dream when he saw a statue much like this. this image and he was had no idea what it meant. Then of course God gave Daniel the interpretation and he showed him that this is the world powers until the time of the end. So this is the anointing on the world system. Now I just want to if you get nothing out of this uh apart from this one thing that' be real good. We are not called to be part of that image. Right? The anointing that controls this world a Christian is no part of it. It's not the same spirit as the Holy Ghost. It's a very different spirit. It's not of God. Amen. But God has allowed it to rule the world until the time of the end. Okay? So that's really if that's all you get, well that's fine because that's really I pray that God would would would cause you if you're not already to be part of that stone cut without the mountain, you know, made without hands. Cut without hands, right? Because that's Christ himself coming to establish his kingdom. So as we read, I'm just going to go through I really want to focus on the feet and the, you know, the legs and the feet today. Um but just just very quickly we read that you know uh Nebuchadnezzar was told that he is the head of gold. That's his kingdom. And then that kingdom passes down from the from the Babylonians until until it comes to I think it's Nebuchadnezzar's grandson. I might be wrong. Um but Belshazar has a big feast and he's having a big banquet of wine and the kingdom's falling apart but he you know and and you know the final final push for this for the for the um you know the the head of gold of you know if I put it that way that kingdom to change to the Mes and Persians is when he takes the vessels of the temple of God that you know they had taken from Jerusalem and they use it for a banquet just to you know as a mockery and then you know there's a written god you know a big hand of God comes and write on the wall many men many tickle you fastened if you in English that way. And you know, there's all the shock and trouble and all these things. And then Daniel's been forgotten by this stage, but the mother of um Belshazar says, "Go get Daniel." He was a wise man. He was a counselor for your for your father, I think, grandfather. And you know, then he comes in and God gives him the interpretation of what this handwriting on the wall means. And he says basically that your kingdom, you've been found in the balance and found wanting. And you know, your kingdom is now divided. It's given to the Mes and Persians. And even that same night, Amen. Darius the which is the median which is the me took the kingdom you know he killed Belshazar he took the kingdom so there was a transfer from this from this head of gold to now into this kingdom of uh silver okay so I'm just bringing this into real world events okay to show you this is not something that's just been hatched out of nowhere these things were written before it happened right and then it's still very much uh going on today I mean the Bible is not just a story book it's not a book of morals or ethics it's a book prophecy. Amen. And God wants you to know where you are that where you are in the book, you'll see what the enemy is doing and you'll say, "I want no part of that guy." Doesn't matter how appealing it is. Don't matter how how it may pull at your emotions, whatever more. We're in this world, but not of the world. We've been called out by a prophetic message. Come out of her, my people. Amen. So, now the kingdom's now given. It's to the Mes and Persians, which is the um uh you breast there, the you know, the arms and so on of you of silver. And then Daniel sees the same image. Now, in the right hand side of this picture, you can see there's like there's these different um animals, you could say. And it's because Daniel saw the same image, but but as as as beast anointings. And so each each of these anointings, you can go read it. We don't uh we don't really have time to read the whole thing, but you can go read that in uh Daniel chapter 7, also chapter 8, where where he's showing that the anointings on these kingdoms are represented by these different animals, these different beasts. And then finally it comes now where Daniel saw where he says and I was lifted up mine eyes and saw and behold there stood before a river a ram which had two horns and the two horns were high but one was higher than the other and the higher came up last. I saw the ram pushing westward and northward and southward so that no beast might stand before him. Neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand but he did according to his will and became great. Now that's the kingdom of the Mes and Persians right there. Okay, that ram. And then as I was considering, behold, uh, and hegoat came from the west, and on the face of the whole earth, um, and touched not the ground. And the goat had a notable horn between his eyes. And he came to the ram that had two horns, which I had seen standing before the river, and ran unto him in the fury of his power. And I saw him come close unto the ram, and he moved with a collar against him, and smoked the ram, and break his two horns. And there was no power in the ram to stand before him, but he was cast down to the ground and stamped upon him. And there was none that could deliver the ram out of his hand. Now the uh uh horn here represents a power. Okay. So now this now this he goat that came from the west, this actually speaks of Alexander the Great, the king of the Greeks. He's coming from the west and uh so so he invades history. It says he invades the Persian Empire. And it's amazing when you look at the when you look at the uh you know because that last verse says and none could deliver the ram out of his hands and none could deliver the me and Persians out of the hand of Alexander the great the Greeks and Macedonians there and it's amazing when you look at history because by the size of the different empires you think the Persian Empire could have swallowed up the Greeks real easy. Look at this. Now the area of the um Persian Empire under Darius III which was the one who Alexander fought against was 5.5 million square kilometers. That's how big the territory was. It it went from Egypt I mean all the way into the Indis Valley and you know you know in uh India there Punjab area we call it now. It had the population of 50 million people. Think about this. This is this is what Alexander is attacking. But the kingdom of Alexander, which is Macedonia and its Greek allies at that same time, was roughly 500,000 square kilometers and it had roughly a population of 3 to 5 million people. You think, how on earth could a country that's so small invade a country that's so big? Well, the very reason is is because prophecy said before it ever happened that none could deliver the um um the ram out of his hand. So there was nothing that could stop prophecy being fulfilled. It didn't matter how great the Persian Empire was. It didn't matter how great Amen. You know his armies and its strength and its wealth. That had nothing to do with it. It had to fall to the feet of Alexander. And it did. Amen. It did very powerfully. Amen. They had two very powerful battles where the Greeks were heavily outnumbered. But they they they dealt with him. Why? Because they were walking in prophecy though they did not realize it. And it goes to show that there is nothing that can stop the wheels of prophecy turning. Amen. There is nothing that can stop it. I've got a couple here I just want to shout about today. Amen. Where it says that he might present himself a a a spotless bride, a glorious church without spot or wrinkle or any such thing. Amen. I tell you what, friends, there's nothing that can stop that scripture becoming flesh. Amen. There's nothing that stop that prophecy becoming fulfilled. It doesn't matter how dark this world gets. Doesn't matter how evil it gets. Doesn't matter how much unbelief is in the world. That will not stop this word being fulfilled. Hallelujah. It says in Revelations 19, "Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him. For the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife has made herself ready and to her was granted she should be arrayed in the in fine linen clean and white. For the fine linen is the righteousness of saints." I tell you what, friends, fine linen, the righteousness of saints has been given out in this generation. Amen. By the message of the hour, the the fine linen, the righteousness has been has been preached has been given. Amen. That we'd be a raid and fine linen. Amen. The righteousness of saints. Nothing can stop it happening. Nothing can stop it happening. Doesn't matter what scheme the devil tries to form against you. No weapon formed against you shall prosper. Amen. If you're part of the bride of Jesus Christ, nothing will prosper against you. But it will fall under your feet. Amen. Why? Because prophecy must be fulfilled. It doesn't matter how great the schemes of man are, how the devil's plans, and all of his ideas he's got. Nothing can stop prophecy being fulfilled. Hallelujah. Amen. Here's another one. Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed. Amen. God's going to change these bodies. Hallelujah. Amen. There will be a translation of the bride, the dead and living in Christ. Amen. Nothing can stop it. Nothing's going to stop it. Amen. The devil's thrown everything he has at it and he couldn't stop it. Isn't it amazing? You think that you our enemy has given his best punch. He gave his best punch against our Lord Jesus Christ. couldn't stop him. Amen. Religion couldn't stop him. Culture couldn't stop him. Unbelief couldn't stop him. Whatever name they put upon the Lord Jesus Christ, being a illegitimate child, all these things, nothing could stop him. The grave couldn't stop him. The Roman power couldn't stop him. Kyifers couldn't stop him. Nothing could stop him. Why? Because it was prophesied. I lay my life down. I'm going to pick it up again. Hallelujah. I'm going to be a ransom for the for the world. I mean, I'm going to purchase the salvation of my people. Nothing can stop them. Nothing can stop you either. Amen. If the devil could have stopped you, he would have done it a long time ago, but he couldn't stop you. Amen. You're still here walking with the Lord. Who's with me this morning? Amen. God is present among us. Amen. And he is determined. I'm going to make you in my image. Amen. It doesn't matter what you come out of. Doesn't matter what you've been through. Amen. There's nothing too hard for the Lord. &gt;&gt; Nothing can stop him. Praise the Lord. Amen. The ram. Now, now this is after. So this is after the so now we're in the um kingdom of if I just go back to my picture quickly now we've gone in from the me and Persians now now Alexander the Grecian empire has taken over but then even even the fragmentation of this was prophesied because Alexander he died at 30 something years old and hadn't really established uh the kingdom properly and you know he dies as a drunk or whatever happened to him and then the kingdom is divided between his four generals it says the ram which thou saw having two horns is the kings of Media and Persia. This is the continuing what we read before. And the rough goat is the king of Grecia, king of Greece. And the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king who made the empire. Alexander made the empire. Amen. Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power. You go read world history, Alexander's empire split into four. And then what happened after that? The Romans took it. Right? Now we go into the into the feet uh into the legs into the iron. Right? Now it says, "Now this fourth kingdom shall be strong." Make sure I haven't missed anything here. This fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron. For as much as iron breakth in pieces, and subdueth all things, and is iron that breakth all all these, it shall break in pieces and bruise. Amen. So it's going to subdue all. This spirit now is not just in the Rome in the European area. This has gone around the world. This spirit has gone around the world and it's subdued and broken all things into pieces. This is why the world is in such a disaster as in today. Cuz the spirit has gone into the world. It's gone into it's gone into the Americas. What did it do? Broke into pieces. Gone into Africa. What's it done? Broken it all into pieces. It's come down into our lives. You know, isn't it amazing? There's a big argument this day. who should use what bathroom. People don't know who men are anymore and men don't know who men are and women don't know who women should be and all these things. There's a big there's a big confusion. Why is that? Cuz this spirit has come down and broken down the family structure. It's broken down what men should be. You know, I think nowadays, especially in this country, it's just been boiled down to the only difference between a man and a woman is at the moment it's only the woman that can give birth. Really, they people say, "Oh, their spirits are basically the same. They're all all exactly the same. Why? Because the spirit has come down and subdued and broken everything into pieces. But the Bible tells us what abandoned woman should be. &gt;&gt; We're of different spirits. One's feminine, one's masculine, right? We're built differently. God made us differently. But you see, this thing has come down and broken broken these things. Broken and bruised. A mean subdued all things. But then it came to a point where that kingdom became it says here and where is thou source the feet and toes part of the potter's clan part of iron the kingdom shall be divided. So went from the Roman Empire then that thing split into the east and west and then the Catholic church it says in revelations 13 it says that that beast which is this last kingdom it shall have a deadly wound that is healed. So what happened is it went from pagan Rome to paple Roman power and you look through even in today I thought it was amazing there's so many world leaders that still go to the Vatican to see the pope doesn't matter if they're Catholic not indifferent atheist whatever more it's strange why do they go see this guy &gt;&gt; why do they go have an audience why because that spirit is still ruling over the world it still has dominion you know it still has a big draw card silio when he says something the world listens &gt;&gt; why because that kingdom is still ruling because remember this thing is religious and political right you go look at the you know history of Europe and so on there was the king and there was the cardinal governing the what the king should do it was it's always a religious political thing and this is where you got to if you're caught up in religious politics in this day you're stuck in this system I'm going to drop it in right now if you're caught up in the religious political things going on in the world you're in this spirit you got to come out amen that thing won't help you won't give you real revival. It won't give you joy. It won't give you peace. It won't give you overcoming power. But you'll just be broken up into pieces when the stone comes to break this thing down. But we're called not to be part of this system. We're called to be part of the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. So what did it do? It became now became it came um separated this way and then it's come down now. So, so there was the east west also schism in the Catholic church you know became orthodox in the east and then the Roman one in the west it came down these two powers came down but then it didn't stay there because what it mixed even more now let's just read the bit of it uh let's just keep going here I feel like I'm running too fast let's try and slow down after this I saw in the night visions behold a fourth beast dreadful and terrible and exceed and strong exceeding this is the same thing just as a beast power that that Daniel saw okay um He's seeing the same things, but instead of the feet and the iron and clay and only seeing it as an aby beast anointing. And after this, I saw in the night visions, behold, a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible, and strong exceedingly, and it had great iron teeth, and it devoured and break in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it, and it was diverse from all the beasts that was before it, and it had 10 horns. So this thing it's it devours as I read before in there in um you know the previous chapter there you know it has all these different so it breaks down the family it breaks down what men and women should be it breaks down what children should be you know it breaks down the it's all being this world has been chewed up economically the world is broken why is that because this power's come in like if you look at the majority the vast majority of Catholic nations are poor why because they give all they have to try and pray their, you know, get, you know, their penance and they give all the money to the church to try and make a big beautiful church that they think it'll help them in the, you know, to get to the next world. All these things like, you know, Brother Bram says, you know, little little Pedro there in, you know, Mexico, he earns 50 pesos a week or whatever more. He's got a family of six, but he gives 45 of those pesos to the church to make some put some candle on the altar to to to try and get him some brownie points with God, basically. and and the place is poor and broken. Why? Because the spirit has come in and has broken it to pieces. And you see any place where the where this Roman spirit has come into power, the country becomes poor. And this is you can see it very much in America today. It was prophesied the thing would be broken, be busted, and it's very much that way. Why? Because the Roman power has come uh into manifestation. And it's been there for a long time, folks. It hasn't just turned up the other day. It's been there for a long time. Amen. And so, you know, even brother Brandham would say about, you know, when Kennedy was elected the first Catholic president, he said, "There's Ahab and the Jezebel system behind him." Amen. These things are happening in front of us. We got to be very sober in this day. Don't be caught up in what's going on. Amen. No, stay with the word of God. &gt;&gt; And then, so now it's part iron and part clay. &gt;&gt; So, so, so it's it's mixed. It doesn't have strength. It can't bond together. And it brings a very divided society, you know. So, it's Romanism and Protestantism. That's what it started out as. And then they became the liberal and the conservatives. You know, you see America, they'll never have a union once again. They're on their way to destruction. I hate to say it because I love this world. I love I want to see people free and walking with God. But that kind of spirit has come in. It's going to destroy this world. This world is so fractured. Even in this even in this country, we can't even have a talk about the treaty. We can't even have a decent discussion about anything because it's so polarized. Why? Because it's iron and clay. It can't mix. The spirit has come into all the world. You say, "Well, we're not even a Christian country anymore." It doesn't matter. That spirit is here and it's divided the world. It's broken this country. I mean, it's broken. It's broken the West. It's broken many countries in the world. Why? Because there's these always these things that can't mix in every country. I mean, the liberal and the conservative, do you think they can ever have an agreement? Do you think they can ever lay down their things if they realize they're wrong and come to the middle ground somewhere? No. They can't do it. They won't do it. The word says it won't happen. Why? Because it's iron and clay. I mean, the socialists and the capitalists, you know, the socialism actually birthe um communism. That's where it came out of. And people today are so caught up about, oh, there's a socialist agenda and communistic ideas coming in. Don't get caught up in that stuff. The Bible never said that communism would rule the world. He never said that socialism would rule the world. It's Romanism that will rule the world. I mean, it's got nothing to do with it. It's not even a pebble on the beach. Brother Bram said, God has allowed it to rise up to bring judgment on a world that's rejected the gospel. &gt;&gt; And I'm not talking about the social gospel that people fill churches and not transformed by the Holy Ghost. I'm not talking about that gospel. I'm talking about a real fire of God changing people's lives. Amen. That they live according to the word because God's changed their spirit. Don't don't ch up on me. This may be a bit heavy, but I just want you to realize we're not of this world. Amen. We have a heart for this world. We love everybody. Want to see everyone free. We don't people caught up in this great trap. Amen. I tell you, don't be caught up in these things in this day. Amen. The socialist and the capitalist, the atheist and the theist, someone who believes in God. All these things, it's iron and clay mixing together. Well, it won't mix together. It just gets pushed together, but it won't actually be fused together. So, there's no strength. It's just iron and clay that's gone through the whole world. I'm sure we can see this, right? And it's mixing. It's trying to break each other's power, but it'll never do it. It'll it'll just stay this way. And it stays this way all the way to the end. This is why this this is why this world is divided today. You cannot fix it. You cannot say, "Well, we're just going to make the you know, you you know, the thing that scares me more than Yeah. Because brother said, don't worry about the communists. At least you know what they are." You know, he said, "I'd rather be under that kind of government than a than a Christian government because a Christian government is the most dangerous one because it will enforce upon you." Amen. What they believe you should believe. &gt;&gt; I mean, look at the Catholics with the Inquisition. Look at it through history. That spirit is still alive. It hasn't gone anywhere. Amen. But there's always been an enforcing. So when I see a country that says, "Oh, now we've become a Christian country." What will that mean? You got to believe in a three God trinity. Baptize in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. You got to be joined to the World Council of Churches. It's just a binding to stop the spirit of God flowing. It's a dangerous thing. Amen. Oh, but it looks so good. It's actually not good. Like brother I mean I mean brother Isaac preached years ago, the right will appear to be the good ones and they'll win, but they're not the good ones. There's no good one. It's only the word of God is the good one. They're both baddies. Why? Cuz they're against the word. Oh, we're going to rally for the goodies. Well, rally for the word. Don't rally for some political movement. Amen. Politics is rotten. Amen. If something starts to rot, you it needs a resurrection. That's the only way a new life needs to come in it. And you cannot put new life into politics. The only thing that will ever happen is when God gives you the real new birth. Amen. You'll be out of that stuff as fast as you can run. &gt;&gt; Amen. Who's with me this morning? I trust this is okay. I just want to pour what's on my soul because it's such a big danger in this day. Amen. If your life is just fixated on Charlie Kirk and videos of what he's doing or done. Amen. You need to change your diet. Amen. It's interesting, sure, to hear it to see his arguments and people's viewpoints, that's all fine. But if that's your spiritual walk, you need to change your walk. Amen. If you're caught up in trying to make the politics towards the right, I tell you, actually forget the thing. Cuz God never said that that will help anybody. You say, "Oh, it's all these conspiracies and troubles and things." Friends, if you just heard the word of God, you won't be caught up in any of that stuff. Amen. It's like I said a few weeks ago about the Jews there. You know, we're living in the day where the pattern between between the start of the book of Acts and the destruction of Jerusalem. We're living in that day. Go read the history of the siege of Jerusalem. Go read about it. read about the different Jewish political factions and religious factions that were trying to come together to make Israel great again. And they couldn't do it because you know why? Because the Messiah they rejected stood there when he saw the temple. He said, "Not one stone will be left upon another of this temple." And he said, "You better pray when this happens that there's it's not on the Sabbath or on a snowy day." He says, "As soon as you see that enemy come around, you better flee for the hills." And you know what the believers did when they saw Titus come with his with his armies? What do they do? They remember the word of their Messiah. Amen. And they fled that place. And history says not one Christian was caught in that that destruction. But all those ones who are caught up in the religious political revival of the day, they were destroyed. &gt;&gt; We are in that same place today globally. It's it's just how it is. There's a there's a tribulation coming. Amen. Don't be part of it. Whatever you do, you don't need to be caught up in that thing. No, we have an exit door of a rapture. Amen. To walk through by the grace of almighty God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. You know, especially in brother Bram's day, it was the day of the Cuban Missile Crisis and the and the Cold War and you know, there was the Iron Curtain and all these things. And so, everyone was all the preachers were crowing on about communism. He said repeatedly through his message, he says, "Listen, it's all right. Just a minute longer. Listen, what are you scared of communism? What are you afraid of communism for? You people wake up. Communism is in God's hand. Why? It's a tool he's using to bring judgment against a god-rejecting world. Brother Ram said, you know, Isusa Street, that Pentecostal revival actually started in in in Russia. They had it before it went to Isusa Street. Do you know that? Who knows that they had a Pentecostal outpouring in that place, but they rejected it. So God rose up communism as judgment because they rejected the move of the Holy Ghost. And what has the world come to today? Oh, don't shout. Don't get too happy. Don't get lost in the spirit. Don't fall in love with God. You got to act sensible. No. The only sensible act is when God takes control and he does what he wants to do. That's the only sensible move you could ever do. Is when you surrender your life and let the Holy Ghost get you and do what he wants to do through you. That's the only sensible thing. He said, "It's not one scripture in the Bible that said communism will rule the world, but the Bible said Romanism will rule the world." People are so worried about China and what they're doing. Don't worry about it. It's risen up for a purpose, right? But they won't rule the world. Russia ain't going to rule the world. Can't you see why they're grinding on in the Ukraine? To me, it's because God's holding it back because he wants to get our attention. The tribulation's coming. All this pressure and trouble and strife is ramping up around the world. There's different factions of problems going on everywhere. That's why there's all these unresolved historical issues globally have come to the surface in this day because there's going to be enough anger and aggression that when the tribulation actually when God's people leave the earth, the Holy Ghost lifts off the Gentiles. Then there's nothing to hold back that hatred. &gt;&gt; You know, World War II was an amateur tribulation. Yes. &gt;&gt; Have you ever seen footage of what happened to Berlin? What happened to London in the blitz? What happened to those cities that were just You ever see what Do you know why there's all Now, you probably ever asked this, but you know in Japan there's all these cherry blossom gardens. Do you know why those are there? Because under those things apparently is where all the dead are buried from the fire bombing that happened in Japan. You know the b you know why those two bombs were dropped in Hiroshima, you know, Nagasaki and Hiroshima. Those are the Hiroshima or wherever they are bombed. Do you know why those two two cities were picked? Cuz most of the other ones were firebombed because most of those cities of Japan were made out of wood. So they made incendiary bombs the Americans did and they just firebombed the place. That's an amateur tribulation. I'm not trying to ski. I'm trying to wake you up. &gt;&gt; That's a brother. That's an amateur tribulation. The things that those people suffered and went through in that war. And it'll be global this time. We don't want to be caught. We don't need to be caught up in that. We don't need to be left behind. There's not a single reason why any of us should be here. God's grace is so great. The door of mercy is so wide. It's so easy to walk through. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, don't be worried about Russia and China and all these things. No. Romanism is going to rule the world. Which was the iron and clay in the bottom of the feet? Was it communism? No, sir. It was Romanism and Protestantism. Exactly right. That iron that steel iron ro Rome right down to the end. It's Romanism. Amen. During this time when the when the see this iron and clay this Protestantism the Bible says where you know speaking when when when John is shown the shown the great hall that sits upon many waters in Revelation 17. We know this is symbolic of the you know of a it's it's symbolic of the Catholic Church sits upon many waters which is peoples, multitudes, nations and tongues and it rules. And then he was so he was so amazed by this thing. He says as the kings of the earth have committed fornication and the inhabitants of the earth have made drunk with the wine of her fornication. So this world has become drunk by its pleasures and riches and promises. Can't walk straight anymore. Can't see straight. Can't speak right. Because you ever seen a drunk man? Well, I used to be one. Could I walk straight? No. Could I talk straight? No. Could I think straight? No. Did I act normal? Absolutely not. While I was drunk and this world is teetering back and forth. &gt;&gt; That's why people get so don't get drunk on social media. Whatever you do, don't try and escape on those things. I just want to make a little hole and make a little world and live in it. Just just live out this thing. The only way of escape is in Jesus Christ, the word. Amen. You get into this message. Let this message take control of your life. Let God become a reality in you. You know the same God in the book of Acts. You can meet, you can know, you can experience. Amen. That when you read the book of Acts, you say, "I know that God. He's done the same things. He's led me the same way." Amen. I've seen him fulfill his word in my life. Hallelujah. I've met that same God. Amen. You have that satisfaction that that you know in whom you have believed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. But what happens is she's called the mother of harlots and the abominations of the earth. Now, in order to be a mother, you've got to have children. Amen. So, what is that? That's the that's the um denominational systems. Now, when I talk about these things, I'm not against the people. The Pope's not my enemy. I'm not against him. I'm not against some religious, you know, the people in those systems. Many sincere people are caught up in these things. It's the spirit that holds them back. If that spirit disappeared, I believe everyone who's genuine would just walk into the word. That's me. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, I'm not against the people. I'm against the system. Like, God bless the SDA for letting us use their church. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'll say amen for you. God bless them. &gt;&gt; Amen. Many good people in this place. Many good people, but they're caught up in a system. Now, why on earth would we go to that system to see what's going on in this day? Amen. It's like people, you know, during during co I would receive uh videos, you know, from believers and they would be from 7th Day Adventist conspiracy thing going on and they try and say that the COVID vaccine is the mark of the beast or it could be the mark of the beast. Now, my first question was why would you go to something caught up in this world system for an answer about what the world system is doing? &gt;&gt; Number one. Number two, why would you not just take it back into the word of God? Jesus said very simply, it's not that which goes into the man which defiles a man. Amen. It's not there's no such thing as the God gene. Then you can just change it and everyone becomes either a believer or not a believer. It's far deeper than your DNA. It's not got nothing to do with this DNA. This this person, it's got nothing to do with that's your soul. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's that gene seed in your soul, not in your body. It's got nothing to do with it. So what but but so I actually you I said I you asked a question politely to someone. I said look this is from what denomination? What does the message say? What has been declared in this generation? What does the Bible say about these things? It's not a tattoo. It's not a microchip. It's not a vaccine. No, it's a spiritual mark. I mean to turn down the Holy Ghost is to receive the mark of the beast. I mean the seal of God is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's been running down through the ages. It will come to full manifestation one day. The seal of God will come into full manifestation. How will it come to full manifestation? These bodies will be changed. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Amen. People get caught up in all these things. We don't need to we don't need to focus. It's not even in the Bible. If it's not in the Bible, forget it. &gt;&gt; You know, Brother Bam says, don't watch about that. Don't watch iron curtains and bamboo curtains, but watch the purple curtain. That's the one that's going to get you. The religious curtain. He says the bamboo curtain, that's what that that's red China. What's the iron curtain? That was the Soviet Union, but hey, it's just come back basically. Amen. What? It's east verse west again. He says, don't worry about those things. Don't be caught up in what they're doing. No, it's the purple curtain that will get you. Don't you never worry about that. You mark that down. Say, "Brother Bram said it and put it in your Bible and see it's right. Communism is is nothing but a tool in God's hand playing right up." Why? It won't amount to nothing. That's exactly right. Don't fear about that. That's something they'll throw off. That will throw you off the track of looking. What's he talking about looking at the word? It will throw you off the track. All these things that rise up are just things to get you off track. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it doesn't matter how close to home it may come. Don't be caught up in it. I mean, it's like the Black Lives Matter movement. That was a horrible murder of George Floyd. That was a terrible evil that was done to that man and many others. But don't be caught up in a socialist move to just try and it's just because all it is is a symbol or a road mark on the road saying America is eating itself alive. Okay? We could we all of us could be caught up in something. &gt;&gt; Don't be caught up in it. It won't help you. It won't help your family. Yeah, it won't help nobody. What is all it's doing is just showing this world is eating itself alive. And I can say the same thing in this country with the treaty, not the treaty, whatever more. Forget it. That's just this country is going to eat itself alive. Well, those are strong words. You just No. Well, we won't be watching. I trust we'll be dancing around a wedding supper table. We won't see it. Amen. But when we're doing that, there'll be a lot of murder and hatred being spilled out upon this place because of resentment that's been built up and brewing under the Well, it's not even really under the surface anymore. And both sides, remember, they're both baddies. &gt;&gt; Amen. They're both baddies. Why? Cuz it's just that spirit, that iron and clay that can't mix. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's nothing. But the Bible readers and the men who love God stay with that Bible said certainly just watch that. Amen. Because unfortunately, wait, what have I got here? So this Babylon the great here. Let's just come to this. I'm really want to come. I just want to talk about the stone, but I got to talk about everything else to get to the stone. That's the only thing that really excites me in this thing. Okay? I just want to get to him. Amen. Because we're part of him. Amen. But we got to get to him first. Okay? But you know even as John would say that this you know he said and after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven having great power and the earth was lighted with his glory. You know that's the ministry of Malachi 4. That's the ministry of brother Brown there lights the whole earth. Amen. And he and and he cried mightily with a loud voice saying Babylon the great has fall and has fallen has become the habitation of devils and the hold of every foul spirit and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird. And all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication. And the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her. And the merchants of the earth are waxed rich for the abundance of her delicacies. And I heard another voice from heaven saying, "Come out of her, my people, and be not partaker of her sins, that ye receive not of her plagues." Amen. So there's a call that's come, a prophetic voice has come in this day. Come out of this world system. Don't be caught up in it. Amen. Don't be don't be so caught up in, you know, mixing mixing religion with politics. Don't be caught up in trying to restore and fix historical injustices. I mean, don't be caught up in trying to make countries great again. How many countries around the world, especially the young people, they say, "We're going to rebuild this country." You won't be able to do it. I hate to say it cuz it's got to come to nothing. It's got to be destroyed. It's got to move off the scene. And then why? Cuz the kingdom of God is going to be established upon this world. I mean, so don't be, you know, don't be caught up with mi mixing religion with politics. Come out of it. It's not going to save the world. I'm sorry. I watched Charlie Kirk's memorial service. Watched pretty much the whole thing. He did a lot of good. He said a lot of good things, but he mixed religion and politics. It ain't going to make America great again. It's going to look like it's going to be good, but it's actually just in the hands of Romanism taking over. You know, most of the Supreme Court judges are basically Catholic. There's Catholic on both sides of the white and blue ruling the whole thing. It's just Romanism has taken over that country. It started with freedom of religion. But it says in Revelations 3 that it looked like a lamb had two horns, ecclesiastical and civil power. Amen. Came became freedom of religion. But then it spake as the dragon. Revelations 13. It's been speaking like the dragon for a long time. But I think maybe we're just kind of woken up to the idea, hey, this is this is not a lamb speaking anymore. I mean, there was once upon a time, I think Teddy Roosevelt and different different great leaders of that country, not whatever you say about him, but different different American presidents would not go bow down to the pope and kiss his ring and, you know, pay him homage. Now, they flock there &gt;&gt; cuz that spirit has come and taken over that place. Oh, but they're the goodies. They're going to save the world. No, they won't. Jesus Christ will save the world. All it is is a trap that's going to spring and going to trap many good people here &gt;&gt; on both sides. Democrat, Democrat, Republican, doesn't matter what color of party here in New Zealand. Politics is rotten. &gt;&gt; Politics, a good policy will never fix this world. I don't care how good it makes sense it will be. Don't be caught up in those things. Oh, it's interesting to watch. Yeah, it's good to look and see what are they up to. You know, it's like, you know, you pick up the newspaper, it's like, yeah, it's right on schedule and under budget in God's economy. It's it's going exactly as it should be, right? So, it's good to keep tabs with those things, but don't be caught up in it. Don't be so gripped like, oh, what's happening and what this is doing? Oh, this is so bad. And no, don't be caught up. We're in this world, but not of the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. He says, come out of her, my people. Amen. Come out of mixing religion with politics. Amen. That's why I said the dangerous thing is actually a Christian nation that enforces amen their beliefs on people. It's like Islam. Islam's not going to do anything. People are so worried about Islam. Oh, what's it? It's going to take over the world. It ain't going to take over the world. It ain't. The Bible never said it would. It's Romanism that has taken over the world. It's Romanism that's going to control this world and is and it's going to and all it's bringing is into people into the great tribulation. I'm sorry, but that's just how it is. Oh, but we need some baddy to fight against. Yeah, there's a devil ruling this world, but we're not part of this world. Amen. We don't need to join his system to bring it down. No way. Amen. What do we do? We just become one with the Lord Jesus Christ. I tell you what, friends, you'll see is you know the reason wait, let's just come to it. He says in Hebrews, well, let's go back here. Sorry. Cuz now I want to get to the stone. This is really re really where I wanted to get to. Everyone follow me so far? Don't be caught up in these things. Don't be so gripped by it. It won't help you. It won't bring deliverance. It won't bring It won't bring a rapture to you. Let it go. Okay? Doesn't matter how close to home it is in your life. Let it go. It's not worth living for. It's not a hill to die on. Amen. because it does not bring you it will not bring you victory. He says and then verse 35, then it was the iron and clay and brass and silver and the gold broken in pieces together and become like the chaff of the summer threshing floors and the wind carried them away that no place was found for them and the stone that smoked the image became a great mountain and filled the whole earth. He says this is the dream and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king and we've already read that. So this he says this stone that came that was cut out of the mountain will smite this image smite this world system in the feet and it will just destroy it completely as be carried away by the wind like chaff. So these metals that are so heavy and so rigid and strong will be reduced down to powder and it will be gone and this stone will become a great mountain. It will fill the whole earth. Amen. Where the kingdom of God will go from sea to sea. Amen. But I tell you what, friends, it's not us who tries to bring back the kingdom of God politically. Amen. It's not us that tries to rewrite the laws and all these things. No, God will make his kingdom upon the earth. Amen. When the great millennium rolls in after the great tribulation and wedding supper, what will that be? The kingdom of God will fill this world. Amen. Then after the battle of Gog and Magog and the judgment, all these things, new heaven and new earth, what is that? That stone that came out of the mountain without hands and that smoke, the image will destroy the system. There'll come a day where the system that we're under right now won't even be a memory. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you know, doesn't matter what people have done around the world, it won't even be a memory today. Amen. No, cuz why? We'll be under the glory of God for eternity to roll on. Praise the Lord. So, I tell you what, friends, this stone that came out of the mountain is not a piece of stone like a piece of masonry, a piece of, you know, just a literal piece of um rock. No, this is a living stone. I mean, this is Christ Jesus the Lord. Amen. This is God himself. Amen. And where does that where does that begin now in our lives? That stone has got to come in because you got to realize that by your generations, you have been very much bound up. Your natural birth has been intertwined with this image. Whether you like it or not, it doesn't matter where you come from. It's it's it's literally part of us. &gt;&gt; Amen. By our by our natural birth. But God's got to take take his word. take his word and let it come into your soul and it begins to smash this image down where you realize actually I'm not a New Zealander. Actually, I'm not from Africa or wherever you're from. No, I'm from heaven. &gt;&gt; Amen. You realize, no, I'm more I'm born in this country. Sure, I may talk like a Kiwi, act like a Kiwi. I don't bri like a kiwi, but you know what I mean? You know, but the thing is I'm not a kiwi. &gt;&gt; I'm a heaven-ent bird. Amen. I'm from heaven. Hallelujah. I'm not some night dwelling flightless thing who eats bugs. No, I fly in the heavenlies. Amen. I'm from a different world. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Is that okay? I won't trample on any other national spirits. Amen. People get all defensive. But we're not from those. Do I love this country? Absolutely. I'm glad to be a Kiwi, but I'm not a Kiwi. Praise the Lord. Does that make sense? I trust it does. I I I like this country. It's a great place to live, right? Every country we should live be be living. We should be happy. We should enjoy it. But we're not from that place. Our identity is not wrapped up in the national spirit of that land. Not at all. Amen. No. Our identity is from heaven. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So this so so the stone comes down. Christ himself comes down into you and smashes this image out of you. The Babylonian ideas. Remember Babylon just means confusion. &gt;&gt; And this world is very confused today. Amen. It is incredibly confused. Like I said before, there's arguments about what bathroom to use. What is a man? What is a woman? What's a what's the definition of a woman? These things should not even need to be argued about or discussed. It's pretty straightforward. I mean, seriously, this is this is this is the this is meant to be the apex of ci civilization of progressive ideas and three, you know, free thought and democratic society. And our big polarizing thing is what's a woman? What bathroom to use? Have we ascended or descended &gt;&gt; this world? But as I said, that thing comes in, subdues, devours. Amen. Breaks down everyone's identity sadly. But we are called to come out of that thing. Now, where was I? Amen. And he says in the book of Hebrews, he said, "Yet once more I'll shake not the earth only, but also heaven." &gt;&gt; And this world yet once more signifies the removing of those things that are shaken. What is the removing of those things? It's that image. It's that world system. That's that thing that can be shaken. Amen. As of things that are made. So anything that's man-made can be shaken. And this is why people are shaking today. It's because they got their faith in the wrong thing. Amen. Because if your faith is in man-made ideas mixed with the word, it can be shaken cuz it's man-made. Amen. But if your if your faith is in the eternal revealed word of God, amen, you cannot be shaken. That thing cannot be removed. Amen. It will endure forever. Praise the Lord. But things that can be made are being shaken. This whole world's being shaken. Isn't it interesting? We have the best technology, but yet things just don't work. Why doesn't our health care system work? &gt;&gt; We got a big problem with leaky pipes in the city. Why doesn't that work? Why is it being fixed? Why is not being looked after? There's an energy crisis. All these things is should just work. Why is it not? Because everything's being shaken. Everything's falling apart. &gt;&gt; Whether we like it or not, because on paper it should be, man, this thing should just work. We got automation. We can, you know, we can machine learning. We could just, man, we could just have this thing easy. Why isn't it working? Why is everyone so polarized? Why can't people even talk and sit down and have a discussion about things and disagree, but yet get along? Cuz everything has been shaking. Nothing can nothing can gel. Probably the iron and clay won't mix. Amen. So everything that can be shaken will be shaken. So if your if your if your um you know Adam's man's ideas, political religious ideas are man-made. Those are things that are made. It's like Adam when he made the fig leaf covering. Religion just really means a covering. Adam Adam manufactured a covering for his sin. Amen. But then when he came into the presence of God, he hid. He was afraid. Amen. His scheme in the garden was just a covering that came to nothing. Amen. And it had to be. And you know when man mixes religion and political ideas to control people, it's just a covering of trying to cover man's sinful nature. See, that's what happens with the religious political right. They think, let's just make the laws really hard and really strict and that will make the world moral. It won't do it. It won't fix nothing. It's just a covering. Tries to cover over, oh yes, we're the legal, you know, I mean, we're the moral side of society. And both sides say that it's just a covering of man's sinful nature. You'll never you'll never manufacture a covering that will take care of the sin problem. I mean, because when God when God gets a hold of us, he doesn't start on the outside. He doesn't cover us over that way. He starts on the inside and it works out. I mean, the word of God, the Holy Ghost comes into your soul. You open up your heart, he comes into your soul. What does he do? And he starts working from the inside out. I mean, someone who's truly born again, you don't need to get them to conform to the word. You don't need to preach legalistic ideas or even a even a closline religion. Like brother Araham said when he went to Africa, there was the blanket natives half naked sitting there listening to the preaching of the gospel. He said the Holy Ghost fell on them. He said you didn't need to teach the woman to cover up. They just went and got covered up when the Holy Ghost fell on them. They realized their true state. &gt;&gt; Amen. Tell you what, the Holy Ghost is the answer for everything. &gt;&gt; Amen. The inside life, the hidden life of Christ will fix everything. Amen. West's got to give him a chance to rule. Give him a chance to work. Amen. The new See this, See, this world is shaking because it's in the process of being removed. The new birth, the true baptism of the Holy Ghost is not a covering, but a transformation from the inside out. Amen. World systems are being shaken. It's in the process of being removed. People are shaken because their faith is in the wrong idea. If your faith is in in the word of God, I'll show you something that cannot be moved. It doesn't matter how big the storm, how big the quake, how big the shake, how big the problem, how big, how how difficult, how impossible the the thing may be. No, there's a person who's unmovable. Amen. You see, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo, and Babylon, they weren't built on man-made ideas. They weren't made on man-made religion. They weren't they did not have a fig leaf covering to cover up the fact they were in a foreign land working for an enemy government. No, they had a revelation. You shall know make no idols. You'll not bow yourself down to any graven image. They had that in their minds. They said we will not go against this thing because it's a firm foundation our lives. And they said to the king, king, if we burn, we burn. If we don't, we don't. God's able to deliver. They had no move of the spirit. They had no prophecy. They had no sign of God. All they had was the fact they standing on thus sayeth the Lord and God allowed them to go into the furnace. &gt;&gt; There's nothing in them that could be shaken. There are other Hebrews that bowed down to that idol because it wasn't revelation in their hearts. It was man-made ideas. Oh yes, mentally we got to keep the law of Moses. Mentally we're we're Hebrews. Mentally we got to do these things. It was man-made ideas only and it was shaken and they bowed. But Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo, it was a firm found. You couldn't shake them. &gt;&gt; Were they intimidated? Probably a little bit. But that was but what was in their hearts was far greater than the intimidation of the statue, the king, the music, all these things. Who's with me today? &gt;&gt; Amen. And the thing is the miracle to me isn't the actually the fact of the fourth man in the fire. The miracle to me is the fact they stood with no sign, no wonder, no favorite preacher, no camp, you know, camp environment, no moving of the spirit. They just had that fact. No, we will not move off the word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's a miracle, man. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. They didn't know that God would meet them in the furnace. They just said, "Well, if we burn, we burn. If we don't, well, we don't. But we ain't bowing." &gt;&gt; They're very simple people. This is just we we have two options, King. And actually, we only have one option. We're not bowing. The outcome, it's in God's hands. &gt;&gt; Amen. If we burn up, we know where we're going. We're going up. Amen. Amen. If we come out, well, we're coming out. That's fine. God is able to do it. And what they do? They had a firm foundation. &gt;&gt; Amen. This message has come to call a people out of this world system. It's a prophetic message and it's not that that's why it was outside the do denominational ranks. It was didn't come out of some Bible school. Didn't come out of some seminary. You look at John the Baptist. He's standing there. His father was a priest. Why did he not continue as a line of a priest and then be the forerunner? His job was too important. He couldn't be caught up in the religious world system. He was outside of that system. And then begin to call a people and call him to repentance cuz his mission was I'm going to point out the lamb of God. How will you know him, John? God will show me who it is. The one that the spirit of God descends upon and abides. That's the Messiah. Then one day he says he's right among you right now. Amen. And what did he do? He pointed him out and his preaching, what did his preaching do? Broke a people free from that world system. Amen. There could have been scribes and Pharisees there. They went to a meeting of John's. They didn't stay a scribe or Pharisee. Amen. And they got washed from that system, that Babylonian thing, by the preaching of the word. Amen. Brought them out of that system that when they saw the lamb of God, they said, "That's the one." &gt;&gt; Glory to God. That's the one. John, you are pointing out and we see him and now we can walk with him. I tell you what, friends, this message has done the same thing. Amen. Cuz as God spoke, as John the Baptist forun the first coming of Christ, so your message, brother's message will forun the second coming. And what did it do? He pointed out the lamb of God, the Messiah, the revealed word in this day. And what did it do? caused us to leave this world system. Caused us to leave whatever religion we're born in. Caused us to leave those things. It actually separated us from the darkness and brought us into glorious light. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Why? There was a shaking but it shook us free. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. You remember that time you analy you're agonizing under the weight of sin and realizing you were lost, realizing you needed a savior, but you knew he was there to save you. What was that? There was a shaking took place. Amen. Because a shaking will cause some things to stay and some things to go. I tell you what, friends, it caused you to leave. Amen. Caused you to leave your old life. Leave where you came from. Leave your first birth in your culture and whatever you came and brought you into the living God. Amen. Brought you into become part of the stone. Amen. The stone cut out of the mountain. Amen. With Christ Jesus himself. Hallelujah. What did it do? It caused you, Amen, to come out that whenever whatever is trending to try and sweep you back in. Can't sweep you back in. Can't sweep you back into that system. Amen. Doesn't matter what movement it is. Amen. Co, Black Lives Matter, polit political religious revival around the world, so-called environmentalism, what China's doing, what Russia's doing, whatever thing it is, it can't sweep you back in. Treaty issues, whatever it is, &gt;&gt; that wind can't shake you back in because you've been called out. &gt;&gt; You didn't realize it, but when you heard the message, God was saying, "Come out of her, my people. You're my people. I can't leave you in that cage. I can't leave you in that system. You've got to come out and walk with me. I mean, I don't want you caught up in the things of the world. Come into me. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. But he says this. He says, "Wherefore we receiving a kingdom that cannot be moved." Amen. Let us have grace whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear, for our God is a consuming fire. And that's why I say friends, I think we can look back in our lives and we can look to where God's brought us now and we we trust the Lord more. Amen. There's actually nothing that we become more stable in our walk. We know in whom we have believed. We're not tossed to and fro with every wind of doctrine. Amen. God's done a work. Why? He's actually shaken us free of the man-made systems. Brought us into his revealed word. Brought us into Christ that we know and who we have believed. Like brother Colin was telling me in the car on Friday, he's my shepherd. &gt;&gt; To me, it's like what a beautiful thing you're telling me. Wish everyone had that same heart. The Lord's my shepherd. He's going to lead me. He's not going to lead me anywhere. He's not going to forsake me. He's going to lead me through. I just trust him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God bless you, Brother Colin. &gt;&gt; And that should be And what is that? That's a stable walk. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of wind blowing around, but you just Okay, Lord, where we're going? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Lord, I can see it. You've shown me in your word. I'm walking, Lord. Let's go, Lord. You're going before me. I trust you, Lord. I'm not worried, Lord, because you're here. You said you'd never leave me nor forsake me. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. We have received a kingdom that cannot be moved. &gt;&gt; Doesn't matter what lies come up. Doesn't matter what accusations come up. We cannot be moved. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's read this one. Politics, oh my, how shaky. People just argue and argue and argue about politics. Neighbors will fall out about it. People were once good friends. Some president will rise up and on or somebody to run for the sheriff or something and some other fellow on the other side of the pol political fence and they'll fuss with one another until they fall out about it. Politics and I don't want to hurt somebody's feelings, but I think the whole thing's rotten. Yes, sir. So why would you fuss and fall out about something that ain't good anyhow? That's right. It's just awful bad. So why be caught up in these things? But God's been moving. God's been moving. The stone that has come cuz it's it's come. Christ is here. The his spirit his word is here. We'll meet his body in the air. But he is here in spirit form and word form. What's he come? He's come now what? To break this image down into powder. And it's caused a moving. It's caused a translation where it says that who hath delivered us from the kingdom of power of darkness and has translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. That word translation actually means you've been moved. You've been transferred. Amen. You've left one place and gone to another place. Hallelujah. Not I'm not talking about geographically here upon the earth. I'm talking about spiritually. And we were once caught up in this image. I just thinking just just rejoicing in this this week. It's like the blood of Jesus Christ is washing like a great flood. Amen. And was it has broken you out of the system. It's broken you out of the things of the world. Why? Because there's a gathering that's been going on. And this word has gathered you to Christ &gt;&gt; cuz this message is Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why I tell you what, friends. This message has come to call us out. &gt;&gt; It's come to call us out and not to a wilderness, not to a nowhere place, not to some void place of nothing. But it's called us to Amen. It's called us to fountains of living water. Amen. It's called us to where there's shady green trees. There's green pasture. Amen. There's food. Amen. There's a flow of the spirit, amen, that flows without measure. Amen. There's shady green leaves of fellowship we can we can hide under when we get stressed and worried. Amen. There's joy unspeakable, full of glory. Amen. There's real identity. There's real peace. Amen. There's real joy. Amen. Why? Because we haven't just come to nowhere. We've come we we've been translated into the kingdom of his dear son. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Have you moved? If you're caught up in the things of the world, I'll say you haven't moved. You need to move. You need to let God move you. Oh, but these things and we're going to fix the world. You know why this? You know why there's such a push? Look, I love all the native birds. I had a trap. I left it at some house we moved from. If I had it, I put it out. I love all the native things. But we can't fix this world. We can't make it green again. God will do it in the millennium, &gt;&gt; right? But man is trying to make a millennium without a Christ. &gt;&gt; He's trying to make an Eden without the very God who should be ruling that Eden. That's what man's been trying to do. Let's just finish with this. I think I've been a while. Pilate answered my Jew, says this is the Lord Jesus on trial there. Thine own nation and chief priests have delivered thee unto me and what has thou done? Jesus answered, my kingdom is not of this world. This is why we don't we don't make a message kingdom. We don't make a Christian empire &gt;&gt; because it says my kingdom is is not of this world. If my kingdom of this world then my servants would fight. Amen. But that uh that I should not be delivered to the Jews, but now is my kingdom not from hence. Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, "Thou saith, I am a king. To this end was I born and for this cause I came into the world that I should bear witness unto the truth. Everyone that is of the truth heareth my voice. I say everyone that's part of that stone. Amen. Part of the kingdom of God hears the voice of God. I mean, here's him speaking today in 2025. We don't have to go back 2,000 years and hear his literal voice come out of his literal body. No, he's still speaking. He's still calling. This is what this message has come to do. It's come to call a bride. It's come to call part of God back to him. Amen. call his bride out. I mean, it's to be separated from the things of the world. I tell you what, you don't don't be caught up. I'm probably be Oh, you're a broken record while the needle's just stuck. Okay? Don't be caught up in these things of this world. These mental health problems have gone through the roof. Why? Because people are trying to either make it a false reality to live in or they're trying to fix this world and they're broken. But this because this beast power has devoured the earth. Amen. It's devoured people's emotions. Mental imbalances have come. All this trouble. Why? Cause uses fourth fourth fourth number four power has devoured the earth and destroyed this world. But there's one thing that can rebuild you. It's not self-help books. It's not mind over matter. It's not some self-improvement seven steps to become a better person. No. Let the truth come in. Let Christ come in. Amen. He'll rebuild your mind, rebuild your spirit. He'll rebuild your emotions. He'll rebuild your body. He'll rebuild your thinking. Amen. He'll transform your life. Let him come in. Amen. And undo what the devour's done. Amen. You want a peace of mind? Let the prince of peace come in. That's more than a catchphrase. That's reality. I remember being depressed for about three odd years, lost in the world. But when this word found me, when he found me, he said, "Cuz I want cuz he want to he me from the system. he me from gaming and and and clubbing and being at pubs and all the nonsense of the world as a young person. He wanted to he me from it and bring me into his kingdom. I tell you what, I've never regretted it. I've never said that was a bad idea. I've never said, "Well, I wish I could get out of it. I just want to get more into it." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Why? Because he has moved me. &gt;&gt; Glory into the kingdom of his dear son. Where there's peace ever more, there's overcoming power. There's joy. I tell you what friends, we got a resource. I mean, this world is talking about the guns and bombs and drones that can manufacture to defeat Russia and all these things and vice vice versa. We got a greater resource than that. Amen. We got a greater resource. We got the kingdom of heaven. Amen. Behind you and I that when the enemy comes in like a flood, he says, "I'll raise up a standard." What is that? The promises of God more alive, more real to you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We ain't hopeless. We ain't helpless. There's no problem too big. You say, "Well, the world's fallen apart." That doesn't mean you have to. &gt;&gt; I'm speaking to somebody. You You don't have to fall apart. You don't have to float with the tide. No, you can let God he out of this world. Bring him in, bring you into Christ that you're not just floating along. And I remember what it was like to float. But I remember what it was like when God said, "Hey, it's like he got the defibrillator of his spirit." &gt;&gt; Shocked me alive. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Shocked me alive. I realized, man, I'm not meant to be floating. Amen. Then something in me started swimming, started walking with God. &gt;&gt; And that power is still present. &gt;&gt; Amen. God is still here. Hallelujah. So friends, don't float. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let him bring you to life. &gt;&gt; Let dry bones come alive today. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let him let him get a hold of your life. You say, "Can you really meet him?" Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Who's had that experience? You raise your hand. I mean, maybe you're raised as a Christian, maybe. But then one day, the word came alive. I mean he he shocked you alive with his word. You realize, hey, I'm a son or daughter of God. I'm not part of this world. I may I may be in the world, but I'm not of the world. &gt;&gt; You know, sadly, many people try and make their mark on the world, but the world just marks them. Why not let the word mark you? Why not let him change you? And then you can really change the world. Let's have the musicians this morning. Let's just leave it there, shall we? Right. Aren't you glad? I I I wish I had a picture of it, but that stone, thank God I'm part of that stone, the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And friends, I want to say if you're not part of it, you say, "Well, what's this all about?" Let him get a hold of you. Let him change you. Can he really do it? Absolutely. But don't just float with the tide. Well, everyone else is doing it. or Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego had that same argument come into their minds. Well, everyone else is doing it. But they said, you know, Shadrach, what Abednego, we're not everyone else. &gt;&gt; That's right. We're not everyone else. We're a circumcised son of Abraham. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're under a covenant. Doesn't matter where we are. Remember, God is not just God in Israel. He's God everywhere. Hallelujah. And God is not just God in these four walls. He's God everywhere. Hallelujah. So, we're not just everyone else. Oh, I just need to find my individuality. It's amazing. People try and look for their own style, their own look. They end up looking like everyone else. &gt;&gt; I tried it. Trust me, I've been there. &gt;&gt; Glad I don't have that t-shirt. Not that I'd buy it, but you know what I mean. Let's just walk with God. Praise the Lord. Let's stand this morning. I want to sing that song. I I know you sung it. Uh, thank God I'm free. Free from this world of sin. Are you glad you're free? &gt;&gt; I'm free from this world of sin. The system that's here. Praise the Lord. Amen. What's that? Amen. Should we start with the chorus? Can we do that? Amen. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. [Music] &gt;&gt; I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Applause] Hallelujah. I'm saved and saved and saved by his wonderful grace. [Music] I'm glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. For a long time I travel [Music] down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy. I sang low. [Applause] Then I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his saving power. Oh, thank God I am free. Get free. Get free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm save and save by wonderful grace. By his wonderful grace, I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. Like a bird out of prison that's taking his life. Like a blind man that God gave back his son. Like a poor beggar girl that found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his holy name. Thank God I am free. Free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved by his wonderful grace. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he would win behind and show me the way. Let's go first again. Oh, like a bird out of prison. &gt;&gt; Like a blind man that God gave back his son. like the poorest should be that found fortune and fame. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out through his holy name. Amen. Thank God I am free. Yes, free. Yes, free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out and show me the way. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad he brought you out, showed you the way? Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I want to Can we sing that song? We're walking in newness of life. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Lord Jesus, you redeem me and you call me by my name. You'll forever change me. I can never be the same. Now I'm walking in the newness of life. No longer a slave to sin from my old self. I am free. No longer to walk away cuz I am free. [Music] Lord Jesus, you have healed me from all my sin and shame. All the chains which have found me [Music] are broken in your name. [Music] Now I'm walking in a new life. [Applause] [Music] No longer a slave to see from my self. I am free no longer to walk cuz I am free now. I'm walking in the light. [Applause] No longer sl [Music] I free no longer to wonder [Music] cuz I am free. Oh he has set me free from all my sins. [Music] and show me what you like. [Music] Place the Holy Ghost with it. Now I'm not my own. Place the Holy Ghost with it. Now I'm on my own. For he has set me free from all my sins and show me what to [Music] make the holy go now my But his makes the Holy Ghost with me. Now I'm not my own but his. Now I'm walking in the newness of life. No longer a slave to sin. From my old self, I am free. No longer to walk with. Now I'm walking in the newness of life. No longer a slave to sin. For my own self I am free. No longer to walk with me cuz I am free. Hallelujah. Amen. Whom the son is set free is free indeed. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer this morning. If you ought to be remembered in prayer, say, "Lord, cut me out of these things. Not be so engrossed by this stuff that's going on." Amen. Gracious Father, as we as I raise both my hands, Lord, just want to pray, dear God, as you said, we're in the world, but not of the world. Help us to walk, Lord, according to that, my God, that we're not caught up in troubles everywhere, Lord. different factions and movements and ideas and father it's just iron and clay my God partially broken and broken and Lord strong but weak and doesn't mix and polarizing ideas Lord Father in the name of Jesus Christ I want to thank you Lord you've sent a prophetic word to call us out Lord God you've sent a message to call us out of this confusion this Babylon Lord to walk with you Lord what a privilege it is the greatest thing in life is to know you and the power of your resurrection to walk with you my God so I pray father for everyone here. Those who are streaming, Lord, if they are entangled with these things that are going on, Lord, the religious, political moves and different things happening around the world. I pray that I just raise up their hands, say, "God, untangle me, Lord. I want to walk with you, Lord. I don't want to be caught up in these things. Oh God, I pray you'd be merciful, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ that we wouldn't be in our our hearts would not be intertwined with the with this world system in any way, but Lord, may it just be molded into one with you, Father, may you grant it. We love you so much. We commit the service and this time into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you, Father Isa. I turn to you, bro. Amen. I sought the truth and men gave their answers. Something just wasn't right. I couldn't explain it. They sounded like strange. It just didn't meet my thirst inside. And I heard an eagle cry. I heard a word speak to my heart. He said, "Sh, you don't belong out there. Come up from where you are." Then I heard an eagle's cry. They told me I could fly. And I believe the word that I had heard and thought up to the sky. When I heard an eagle's cry. [Applause] [Music] How I was thirsting and I was calling from somewhere deep inside. The deep unveil through your seventh day. The voice of the bright falling to his I speak to my heart say you don't belong down there come where you are then I go I can fly and I be the word that I hear so to sky when I go cry [Applause] now flying now I am flying above all the below everything now I'm flying above the stor In every situation, whatever comes my way, I have a peace with Jesus flying above the stor. There is a joy within me. Now that I'm so free, your word has set me free. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Applause] that I cry. You told me I could fly the word that I had heard up in the sky. When I heard an e cry, listen to the verse one more time before we dismiss. Then I heard an eagle's cry. I heard a word speak to my heart. said, "Child, you don't belong down there. Come up from where you are." Then I heard an eagle cry. It told me I could fly. And I believed the word that I had heard. And soar up to the sky when I heard an eagle cry. This is pray this morning. Lord, we thank you for the truth that we've heard this morning, Lord, and for the exhortation and for the just the warning, Lord. us that to Lord not to get caught up in these distractions, Lord, that would seek to distract us away from you and from following you, following your truth, Lord Jesus, and just from being simple, humble Christians, Lord, and and seeing the knowing the real the real kingdom that we fight for, which is your kingdom, Lord, which many times doesn't look like anything big and glamorous, Lord. It's just it you you're just that still small voice, Lord, that's just working in hearts and lives, Lord. But it's that kingdom that we that we join, Lord, and that we we join with and that we fight for this morning for your word, for your truth, Lord. So, we just I just pray a blessing upon each one, Lord. May they keep we all keep our eyes upon you and not get distracted by these other things, Lord, that that are that we can see many many are distracted by. Many are going to be disappointed, Lord, because the end the end of it is death. We can just see it coming, Lord. We just thank you for your life, Lord Jesus. And I just commit each one to your hands this morning in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. We dismissed in Jesus name this morning. [Music] Bless you and keep you. and make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. Lord, turn his face towards you and give you peace. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and give you peace. Amen. Oh, [Music] amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you. Make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. Lord, turn you face towards you and give you peace. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you, make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and give you peace. Amen. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and your children and your children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and the children and the children. His presence go behold you and behind you and beside you, all around you, within you, he is with you. He is with you. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. He's with you in the morning, in the evening, in your coming, in your glory, in your and rejoice before you in the morning [Music] you [Music] for you. For you for you. For you. For you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh [Music] [Applause] [Music] man, [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. A [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you and make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face towards you and with you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music]
