################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - The Spirit Of Truth  |     Pastor Katumba James       |    18.06.2025 - Katumba James - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-18
Title:   The Spirit Of Truth  |     Pastor Katumba James       |    18.06.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwSUeHQBxyA
========================================

[Music] And now I am happy all the day. Was it for crimes that I have done? He grown upon that tree. Amazing beauty grace unknown and love beyond the degree. At the cross, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart grow the way. It was there. By faith, I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Well might the sun in darkness hide and shout his glories in. When Christ the mighty maker died for the creatures at the cross at the cross at the cross where I f the light and the burdens of my heart grow the [Music] It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. By the drops of grace. By the drops of grief can never repay. The debt of love I own. [Music] Here alone I give myself away is all that I can do. At the cross. At the cross. At the cross. Where I first saw the light and the balance of my heart brought the way. It was there by faith. I received my side. And now I am happy. Oh the day. At the cross. At the cross. At the cross. Where I fast saw the light and the burdens of my heart. Ro away. It was there. By faith I receive my sight and now I am happy all the dream. Let us sing that song. Leave it there. If the word from you with gold and of silver and it's gold and you have to get along with a manger's f just remember in his word how he feeds the little bird. Take your burdens to the Lord and live in them. Leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Yes, leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and live in them. If your body, if your body suffers pain and your health, you can't regain and your soul is almost saving this pain. Jesus knows. Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. Take your body to the Lord and leave it there. Just leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your balance to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your bance to the Lord. [Music] Google. [Music] [Music] Amen. [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] [Music] Oh yes, [Music] you are [Music] Lord Jesus. We thank you father for your grace Lord and with your promise Lord. You said you'll never leave us alone and you'll never forsake us, Lord Jesus. As we hear, Lord God, your word, saying the same words, Lord, and we see, Lord Jesus, the same way, Father, the word is said and we see it in our lives, Lord, it gives us, Lord, move, Lord. It makes us, it makes our hearts, Lord, to shine and burn within us. Lord help us Lord Jesus that we may always Lord gather together Lord for a holy communion Lord Jesus Christ because Lord Jesus fellowship is good and you said we should not let father gathering of saints but we should not raise father gather in the same manner Lord as they were in the upper room in the upper chamber in one accord in the in the same spirit the Holy Ghost came down Lord Father Lord Jesus it is the same thing today as you said father where two three have gathered in my name and I will be there in their minist Lord Jesus Christ we are here Lord Lord in your name Lord for your word is sake Lord we've not come to visit one another Lord but we've come Lord Jesus to have a communion Lord with the spirit of God may you take the word Lord and break it into pieces Lord that we may take father each one of us a piece Lord Lord Jesus which we can go with us Lord Lord and in return, Father, it may give us the the boldness, Lord, to stand and to walk as Christians, Lord, Father, Lord God, we have a great work to do, Lord Jesus, as you said, that we shall do greater works, Father, Lord God, it is enabled by the spirit of God. Help us Lord God that we may be Lord Jesus Christ in the same way Father the scripture says Lord father God and we know Lord as we come together Lord we commit ourselves to you Lord and I commit father the minister who is ready to come father to speak your word Lord Jesus to the purchase of her blood may you bless him Lord and clear his throat Lord and I pray the saint for the saints Lord who are still in the way they are rushing to the church Lord to hear the word may you give him courage father and a safe traveling mercies. I pray father for our pastor Lord thank you for healing his body. Thank you for restoring his life and his health. Lord give him more strength Lord because he has a ministry to do father Lord Jesus this weekend Lord. I pray father for the visitor Lord who is coming Lord to come Lord God and die with us Lord. Then give him also a safe traveling mercies Lord. May he Lord Jesus come father Lord Jesus in a provided time Lord like Philip Lord when you sent Philip somewhere he went there and he reached in the same place where he and he found the desire of a man Lord Jesus that's why Lord the man received what he wanted and we pray father for the minister who is coming Lord may he come in the same spot father where your children Lord are lacking something that he may speak Lord better words Lord The words of deliverance, the words of setting them free, the words of giving them more grace, Lord, Lord Jesus, to believe, to be as Christians, the words, Father, to encourage their hearts, to strengthen their worries, Lord. I pray, Father, Lord Jesus, may you come and bless our service this morning. Oh, hallelujah. In the mighty name, Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. [Music] As we prepare to hear the minister, let's sing that song. [Music] That song he's the lady of the valley that is 83. I have found a friend in Jesus is everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The li of the valley. In him alone I see. All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole. In sorrow is my comfort. In trouble is my step through my soul. Hallelujah. Is the lady of the valley the bright and morning star is the fest of 10,000 to my soul. He all my griefs has taken and all my sorrows gone. temptation is my strong and mighty town. I overs and all my idle sto from my heart and now he keeps me by his power. [Music] No, the world forsake me in certain [Music] Jesus I shall self rich. Hallelujah is the lady of the valley. The bright and morning star is the fairest of 10,000. [Music] He will never He will never know and forsake me here while I live my blessed way. A wall of fire upon me. A rising down to with a hungry soul shall feing up to glory will see his blessedness where our rivers of thee shall ever flow. Hallelujah. In the li of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of crown to my soul. He will never ever leave me nor yet forsake. While I liance blessed [Music] all of fire about me have nothing to fear. Oh, then speaking of to glory will say his blessed face where I shall live. Hallelujah. is the li of the valley, the brighter morning. He's the fair of 10 to my soul. Amen. Let us give God a hand of praise. Amen. We're happy to be back in the house of the Lord. Brother week, if you're welcome from actually a very far place. Thank God for being with us. He was also here with us for easy studies in medical school like our brother. So that is here with us brother for the grace he gave you. Let us pray. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we are so happy to be in your presence this evening. You said where two or three are gathered in you will be there in their midst. And Lord, we believe you are here Lord. We pray that father you may come and speak to our hearts, reveal yourself to us and even manifest yourself to us. Bless us all together, Lord. May you meet all the needs of your children, Lord, and have preeminence upon this service that your purpose and will may be done for the glory of your holy name in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We pray this. Amen. Let us go right away to our scriptures in John chapter 16. and then verse 8 to verse 14 I'll be taking a subject on the spirit of truth [Music] praise the name of our lord the bible says and when he is come he will reprove the world of sin of righteousness and of judgment [Music] of sin because they believe not on me. Of righteousness because I go to my father and you see me no more. Of judgment because the prince of this world is judged. I have yet many things to say unto you, but you cannot bear them now. How? But when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself, butsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come. [Music] He shall glorify me for he shall receive of mine and shall show it unto you. May God sing of his word. You may be seated. We are speaking on the spirit of truth. We've taken a bit of series on the Holy Spirit. I think this could be the 14th service on the Holy Spirit. The good thing is that they recorded and on the YouTube and then they have put them in a series of the Holy Spirit and I have I think about either five or more six services on the Holy Spirit. Next week, God will I want to talk about the Holy Spirit guides. Praise the name of the Lord to see that we demystify the Holy Spirit. You know, Praise the name of our Lord in the message. Especially if you go to many churches, there is a lot of confusion on the Holy Spirit. And it is strange. There is a time there was a nudgment about the evidence of the Holy Spirit or when you receive the Holy Spirit and then one of the one of the the people who were arguing in the public would say this is what happens to the this what happens when you get the Holy Spirit. But then in private but get the Holy Spirit. Is it before baptism? Is it after baptism? But in the public he's going with that bandwagon because it's a group which think a certain direction and busy defending what they believe as a group. But individually doesn't know where it is. Very strange. Praise the name of our Lord. But then the Bible is telling us that in verse 13, how he the spirit of truth is come, he will guide you into all truth. He says the spirit of truth. Now you know there we are living in a day of deception. A lot of deception that is happening now until somebody may speak to you and then you may think what they are speaking is they mean it. but when it is something different what they are meaning I just want us to pick some few examples like Matthew chapter 22 then verse 15 to verse 19 he says then went the Pharisees and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk Mark verse 15. You know they are the intent is to entangle him, you know. And then they said this way to kind of trap you around. And they sent out unto him their disciples with the Helodians, saying, "Master, we know that though at a true and teacheth the way of God in truth, neither carth though for any man, for though regard not the person of men, So, you know, they trying to befriend him, lift him up. Nobody knows things like you know. He preaches the truth. They are entangling asking questions in pretense, you know, in falsehood. And that's what the serpent also does. That's what the serpent did to Eve in the garden of Eden. Did God say it's as if he wants to give you better information. when he is tempting you, you kind of like putting you off. Praise the name of our Lord. Then now in Luke chapter 20 and then verse 20, the Bible says, "And they watched him and sent forth SP which should find themselves just men that they might take a hold of his word, that they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor. He says to themselves like just men. That's what the Bible says. False brethren have come amongst us. Then they pretend to be right. They desire the truth to draw disciples after themselves. You know to get followers and you know like they ask you a question but it is to stumble you or to catch a hold of you. You know like when you go to the court of law and then you know the the the lawyer of the opponent is crossexamining you. is crossexamine is asking you question. They start kind of laying traps in their questions. They can ask you here a question. And now for you, you may think that you are answering them when they the question they asking is genuine. But then they are trapping you in your own words and then they use your very words to pin you down. And that's what the devil does. But the Holy Spirit is the spirit of truth, genuine spirit of truth. Praise the name of our Lord. It's about craftiness. You know, it's about a pretense or a falsehood. Praise the name of our Lord. The spirit of God is the spirit of truth. And you know truth. Praise the name of our Lord is the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord being the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to John chapter 4. John chapter 4 and then we read in we read in verse 23 to verse 24. He says, "But the hour cometh, and now is when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth. For the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Praise the name of the Lord. So he says true worship is in the spirit of God and in the truth of God. So then it takes the spirit of truth to give us the truth. And when the spirit of truth gives us truth, he comes and takes over that truth and then makes it real in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. I remember some some time ago we had a subject of the Ser is the Holy Ghost. And then the Holy Ghost is the spirit of God. So he's the one who ministers the word of God to us. And now when we receive that word of God, when we are obedient to the word of God, then the same spirit that has spoken to us comes and takes a residence in our lives and that's the baptism of the Holy Spirit. It's not something that you're going to imagine. Or maybe it is far away from me. Or maybe I need to wait for maybe a special minister to come. Or maybe I need to wait for a convention. It is the Holy Spirit speak to us the word of God. And then it's that same spirit of God. When we are obedient to the word of God, he makes that word real in our lives. He makes that word come to life in our lives. He makes that word to be manifested in our lives. It is the same Holy Spirit. You can't separate the Holy Spirit and his word because it is the spirit that gives you his word. Now, if it's the spirit speaking the word, praise the name of our Lord, the way our Lord Jesus Christ said that the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are truth or they are spirit and their life. And you know, brother Brandham tells us that a person is no better than his word. Now if the spirit speaking the word then it is the same spirit trying to find a a place where he can abide where he can settle in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. Now I just I just want to maybe take up something here. Let us go to first John chapter 4. [Music] First John chapter 4 [Music] and then verse 5 to verse 9. The Bible says they are of the world. Therefore speak they of the world and the world heareth them. We are of God. He that knoweth God heareth us. He that is not of God heareth heareth not. Hereby know we the spirit of truth and the spirit of error. Now he's talking about hearing. Now this hearing is talking about is obedience. Now you hear the spirit of God and then you obey what the spirit is saying which is the word of God. And now from the obedience or from hearing then you get to know. In other words, you get the understanding. You get the revelation. Praise the name of our Lord. And then now he says the world hears those of the world. In other words, they obey what the world tells them. They they they do the things of the world. Like now this evening, you have left your place of work and then you've come to church. The one of the world has left his place of work. He's now at the bar. He hears the world. He obeys the world. When it comes to Friday, now he's talking which nightclub or should I go and spend a whole night there? He hears the world and he obeys the world and therefore he loves the world. and he understands the world. He knows. So he knows which joint is the best over the weekend. He knows which musicians are going to be maybe at Dam Waters. Then he knows which musicians are going to be maybe at Amber. He knows what mission maybe are going to be here. understands, you know, is up to date with what's happening around. Now, that's the same thing also with us. If we have the spirit of truth, we hear the truth. We know the truth. So, we know what the Lord wants us to do in a particular situation. Praise the name of the Lord. When somebody hates you, now you know what to do when somebody hates you. Love your enemies. So now the Holy Spirit himself gives you the ability to love your enemy. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what the spirit of God does in our lives is that when we receive the truth which is the word of God, that word of God is quickened by the Holy Spirit in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says that the world hears their the world people the people of the world hear the but when we are of God we hear God pray our Lord what God tells us. Then verse seven, beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God, and that loveth is born of God and knoweth God. He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love. Praise the name of our Lord. If you don't love you don't know God because God is love. In this was manifested the love of God towards towards us because that God sent his only begotten son through him. If you can give me a mic. Praise the name of I don't know why there is fluctuation. He says God sent his son into the world that we might live through him. So then we are seeing here That manifested love is a life. You can't say I love God. But there's no manifestation of that in your life. You cannot be alive in Christ without God's love. So hearing the word, you know, it gets you to know the word or to know God and certainly you love God. So you hear the word, you know God, you love God and it brings the life of God himself. Christ himself living in us. No longer I praise the name of our Lord, but the Lord Jesus that lives in me. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to 8 and then verse 42. The Bible says, Jesus said unto them, if you were if God were your father, you would love me. For I proceeded forth and came from God. Neither came I of myself, but he sent me. So he's saying if you were of God, you would love me. In other words, you would hear what I'm saying. You would be obedient to what I'm telling you. Then he says, why don't you understand? In other words, why do you lack revelation? Why don't you know? Then he says, even because you cannot hear, in other words, you can't obey the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Day of God, day of God will hear the word of God will be obedient to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. So they will be able to receive the life of Jesus Christ. Then he says, you are of your father the devil and the lust of your father you will do. He was a murderer from the beginning and abode not in the truth because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own, for he is a liar and the father of it. The Bible says never abide in the truth because there's no truth in him. So then for us when we hear the word then we we get understanding of the word and now that makes us to abide in the word and it identifies us to be of God or not of God. The word is the identification. Praise the name of our Lord. Are we of God or we are not of God? Now in the message to see Jesus, he says, "I'm so happy tonight to know that Jesus has not forsaken the people in this great day that we are living under this great strain that we are all under today. The Lord has not left us. He said, I will notless. I will pray the father and will give you another comforter which is the Holy Spirit and will abide with you forever, even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive. I am very thankful that this spirit of truth was to be with us to the end. And that spirit of truth is none other but the Lord Jesus himself in the spiritual form. For he said, "A little while the world sees me no more, yet you shall see me, for I'll be with you, even in you to the end of the world." And that means tonight and wherever we are, we have the comforting words of knowing that Jesus will be with us. Many of you people here who got little churches, no matter how small the church is, Jesus said, even two or three are gathered together in my name, he would be with them. What a comforting word is to know. No matter how small our little congregation is, yet the Lord Jesus is with us and we are happy for that. Praise the name of our Lord. So now he says whether however small it is whether it is because he said two or three. So it doesn't matter how small the congregation is as long as the incense of gathering is in the name of the Lord. Then Jesus says I will be in their midst. Praise the name of our Lord. What does that imply? A husband and a wife when they are gathered in the name of Jesus Christ, the Lord will always come there. Praise the name of our Lord. So it encourages us when you gather in the name of the Lord, Jesus says I will be there. So the whole thing we need to do is to be obedient to the word of God. And when you hear the word and see that you are abide in that word. Praise the name of our Lord. Abide and be established in that word. Praise the name of our Lord. When you continue in the word, Then he says, "You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. Praise the name of our Lord." So now we see here in the message the comforter. He says, "There it is. And how long is he going to abide? Forever. Then what then what is the word of God? What is our comfort today? It is when we receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the power of the living God living in us. And that is with the word, the word of the living God. We stand. That's it. Get away. All right. All right. X is Are you never seen? the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. We have to be obedient to the word and then the spirit of God will come and quicken that word. We make that word manifested in our lives. Praise the name of the Lord. Now we see in the Matthew chapter 2 we had the wise men you know they came from the east and then they reached Jerusalem and then they were crying where is he born the king of the Jews. Praise the name of our Lord. Then the Bible says the whole of Jerusalem was troubled. They were wondering is the king born. Then these people because the star had disappeared from them. They went to Herod the king and then demanded of him where is the king born? And Herod knew the people to answer that question. So he called the the priests and the secretes. and he was asking them where should the Messiah be born. So they were able to tell him the scripture. Praise the name of our Lord. But then here we see that they were able to know where he should be born. But the question is who went to worship? Praise the name of our Lord. They were able to know the truth, but then they didn't go forward to worship. But then he says, worship in the spirit and in the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. And for them, they never went to worship Christ. They had a knowledge of the word but that word could not be made life because they didn't obey that word and that should be the same thing also with us. It should be it could be the same thing with us. You know you know the quotes of the prophet. You can quote this. You can quote this. You can pick this scripture. You can put this scripture but the question is those things become a living reality in your life. Praise the name of our lord. There are people who can entangle you with their quot scriptures. [Music] Didn't god said this for you. What are you doing? And that's how the devil does the false accusation. you know, you know, he has stolen, you know, he's quoting, but he can't live that same life. But then as we are called to live the life of Jesus Christ, that when we hear the word, let us not be like Satan, he never abide in truth. And to abide in the truth means that you do that word, you perform that word. Wherever you are, your mind is let me follow what the Lord is telling me to do. Regardless of who is seeing me and who is not seeing me, you are given over to the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know when you yield to it then he says you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. And you know knowledge to the Jews is an action. But then to the Gentiles or to the Greeks to know is just a a a knowledge or some kind of information. Praise the name of our Lord. But then this knowing he's talking about is that you go through it. It's an a personal experience. Praise the name of our Lord. Something that is personal to you. something you know that is real in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. Now let us go to John chapter 14 and then verse 17 he says even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive because it sees him not neither knows him but you shall know him for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you. Praise the name of our Lord. So Christ is identifying himself as the spirit of truth and as the spirit of truth, he speaks to us the truth and the truth is the word of God. So when we hear the word of God, it is the spirit of God that is speaking to us. Praise the name of our Lord. So you need to be obedient to the truth which is spoken by the spirit for the spirit to come down in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in first Peter chapter 1 verse 22, The Bible says, "Seeing you have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the spirit and to unfin love, O brethren, see that you love one another with a pure heart fervently. So the Bible says when we obey the word which is the truth then our souls are purified. Praise the name of our Lord. You know you live evil thoughts. You live evil understanding. You live things that are contrary to God and then you are obedient to the word. So when you obey the word, it brings a purification in your soul. It actually it is a sanctification. Praise the name of our Lord. And it is the spirit now cleaning you by the word he has spoken to you. And then the spirit makes you a clean vessel such that he can come himself and he dwells in you. He's cleaning his own house. He's building his own temple. You know by giving you the word. So you are being built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets. You can become a dwelling place of God. God himself building you. Praise the name of our Lord. Taking you through different situations. And then the Bible says that Christ learned obedience by the things he suffered, by the things he went through and the strations that come in our lives, the strations that come in our lives, they are to test our obedience to the word of God. That's what happens. So now when you go through a challenging situation, how are you going to handle that situation? What is going to be your reaction? And brother Brandham says God likes taking us through those sessions. He likes proving us. Praise the name of our Lord. Stretched at home, stretched at place of work or in the community. Somebody you are walking and then somebody steps on you. Are you going to slap them? You know they are checking you. Are you the same like the people of the world? or for you you are different. Praise the name of our Lord when they revile you. You also say let me also release what I have. You know they are testing. Are you obedient to the word which has been spoken to you? Praise the name of God. It's a proving, you know, are you obedient? Are you following the word of God? Are you doing what the spirit tells you? Oh, you are now I have my right now. I can do what I want to do. So now in Ephesians chapter one and then verse 12 he says that we should be to the praise of his glory who first trusted in Christ in whom you also trusted after that you heard the word of truth the gospel of your salvation whom also after that you believed you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. [Music] Okay. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. He says we heard the word. We believed the word. We obeyed the word. Then he says the spirit, the holy spirit came down and seals us. Praise the name of our lord. We all has to be hearing the truth. Then the holy spirit comes down. It's the spirit of God that speaks to us. And then when the spirit speaks to you and the spirit of God speaks the word of God. So when you hear the spirit speak to you, are you obedient to what the spirit is telling you? Because the spirit knows what we have need of. We just need to be obedient to the word of God and then the spirit comes and takes his residence in our lives. Praise the name of the Lord. Now, as I finish in the message, the pagan church age page 164, he says remember now, John the Baptist was both the prophet and the messenger of his day. He was filled with the Holy Ghost from his mother's womb. When he was baptizing in Jordan, [Music] the word of God, Jesus came to him. The word always comes to the truly spiritfilled. That is the evidence of being filled with the Holy Ghost. That is what Jesus said would be the evidence. He said, "And I will pray the Father that will send you another comforter that he may abide with you forever. Even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive. Now we know what the truth is. Truth is thy word." John 17:17. And again in John 8:43, why do you not understand my speech even because you cannot hear my word? Did you notice that Jesus said the world could not receive the Holy Ghost? Well, in this verse, I just read Neither could they receive the word. Why? Because the spirit and the word are one. And if you have the Holy Spirit as the prophets, the word would come to you, you would receive it in John 14:26. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. Here again, we find the word coming because of the spirit of God. Again in John 16:13 how when he the spirit of truth which is the word is come you into all truth. And then he said, "Thy word is truth, and he he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, which is the word of God, that shall he speak, which is the word, and he will show you things to come." The spirit brings the word of prophecy. Praise the name of our Lord. You see how brother Brham is breaking it up the spirit of truth which is in other words we can say the spirit of the word. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. The spirit of truth. which is the spirit of the word because the word is God himself. It's a living reality. You know just like when God said let there be when he said let there be light what happened? Light came forth. You know it is the spoken word which has life and even us like we have come to the services of the Lord when we hear the word of God. The word that we hear has the power of God to bring a transformation in our lives. You only have to hear and then obey. Do what the word of God is telling you to do. And then you'll see the manifestation come out. You know, to manifest, you know, you will see that come out when it says, "Let there be a mango tree." The mango tree came forth. It was not something different. And now when Jesus told them receive ye the spirit, the Holy Spirit came. Praise the name of our Lord. It should be our desire. Lord, I desire more of you in my life because the Holy Spirit has already been given. So when it if the Holy Ghost has already been given, go forward and receive the Holy Spirit. How do you receive the Holy Spirit? Hear the word. Obey the word. And there the Holy Spirit comes as the life of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us not look for emotions. [Music] I felt like this. Get your mind away from that. Your mind be on the life of Jesus Christ. Obedience to the word. Praise the name of our Lord. You desire more of the word of God. And the more of the word of God that comes to you. You are obedient to the word. You are living in the word. You are manifesting the word. That's the life of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, I want you to note very carefully that Jesus did not say that the evidence of being baptized with the Holy Ghost was speaking in tongues. interpreting, prophesying or shouting and dancing. He said the evidence would be to be in the truth. You would be in the word of God for your age. evidence has to do with receiving the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. So when you are looking for the Holy Ghost, what do you look for? The word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Just be prepared to hear the word. And when you hear the word, the word himself, spoken word becomes a living reality in your life. You know, Mary told those people at the wedding in Cana, Mary told the people at the wedding in Cana. He told, she told them, "Do what he tells you to do." And then he told them, "Get this water pour in this can power." He knew what he was doing. And the same thing now. Receive the word and the Holy Ghost comes down. Praise the name of our Lord. It's the life of Jesus Christ himself. Don't look for jumping up and down. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, like when when when brother Brham saw that vision that the the the garden had wheat and tears when it was so hot, they were all crying to God. The tires, all God send the rain. They went, "Oh, God, send the rain." They were all crying. They were all in the same church. They were all praying, "Lord, bless us with your gifts." And now when it started raining, they were all rejoicing, shouting, jumping up and down. So those emotions would not prove that this one is now the true seed of God. They all rejoice after the same anointing. The way the Bible says they were all baptized unto Moses when Miriam was singing crossing the Red Sea, they were singing in the spirit. They were all receiving mana. They were all you know drinking of the spiritual rock. But it is only those who are bold in the word. They're the ones who are able to make it. Praise the name of the Lord. So the main thing is hearing the word and obey that word. And then that spirit of God that speaks to us the word of God will come down in your life to give you the power to live the word so that the word is manifested in your life. You know when you see the the garden to identify what was false and wrong was their fruit. The fruit that they bear. Not how much they were jumping, not how much they were rejoicing, not how much they were shouting, but where is the life? and life will always be manifested by the fruit. Praise the name of the Lord. And that should be our desire. Lord, let your life be formed in me. Lord, let me become a new creation. Lord, be a living reality in me. You know when the word says this, let me follow the word. Let me be obedient to the word. And that's what shows whether somebody has the true baptism of the Holy Spirit or he doesn't have you know the Holy Spirit can come on your body and you feel good and you get into the emotions. The Holy Spirit can come on your human spirit. You prophesy. You speak in tongues. But the baptism we are talking about now, the baptism of the Holy Ghost for the true elect goes to the soul. And in the soul there's no emotion. Praise the name of our Lord. So you can't prove the emotions as the evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But once the soul has been quickened by the word will live in the word and that's what brother Brandham is saying evidence that that person has got the spirit of God staying in the word. can somebody can speak in tongues but that's not the proof that the spirit of God somebody can do all those things but the test is the word is it living in you praise the name of our lord so we should desist from going after emotions because you can have the emotions and you don't have the holy spirit But you can't have the life of Jesus Christ without the Holy Spirit and God. And that should be always our desire. The way the Bible has told us this, the word, you know, the truth purifies our soul and when they purify our soul, the Holy Spirit comes in our soul. not stopping on our human spirits. Praise the name of our Lord. So what we need is God to speak to us. Praise the name of our Lord that we can be obedient to what the Lord speaks to us. Praise the name of our Lord. May God bless you so much. Amen. [Music] On Sunday we have two services. We have brother Andreas who will be reaching you on Saturday. He's going to preach on Sunday. So just keep those meetings in your prayers. Then they they used to come and help to clean the church either on Friday or Saturday just make everything [Music] and we do the best we can to support the meetings. Praise the name of our Lord. I want us to sing a song and each of us can let us stand up together. Let us sing song 23. We must have faith in the word that the word can become a living reality. [Music] My faith looks up to thee. Oh L of calary savior divine [Applause] now. Hear me while I pray. Take all my sins now away. Oh, let me from this day be holy. [Music] May thy rich grace impart strength to my fainting heart. I s [Applause] I hast for me. [Music] Oh made my life to thee pure. Oh man, changeless be [Music] found. Alive dark maze I dream [Music] around me spray be the my god [Music] be darkness this town today. Wipe sorrows, tears, and away. Oh, let me from this day be all. [Music] Amen. Let us sing that song just as I am. As we prepare to pray just [Music] with one plea, but [Music] thy blood was shed for me. and thou th me. Come to thee, oh lamb of God, I come. I [Music] come just as I am and waiting on to my soul. Oh, [Music] dark blood. No be the blood can cleanse it. Oh lamb of God I come. I [Music] come just [Music] Z [Applause] will receive w come don't cleans daily because thy promise I believe may live all of God I come. [Music] I come just thy love I know as broken and free my down now to be thy [Music] no but God I come. I come. Each of us can speak to the Lord. Father, how we thank you Lord. How we bless your holy name. Surely we come unto you father without any plea Lord Jesus Christ without any merit Lord. But Father we come by the blood of Jesus Christ. Even Lord as you said in your word thatever shall come unto me in no way shall I turn away. It's your goodness father that even calls us. It's your goodness Lord that makes us even Lord have the ears that can hear and understand and know exactly what the Lord would want us to do. Father, we come unto heavenly father and we pray in the name of Jesus Christ, you may wash us from all uncleanness, Lord. Wash us from all unrighteousness, Lord. And deliver us in the name of Jesus Christ. from all evil, from all filth, from all wickedness, Lord, from all evil imaginations, Lord, from all evil desires, Lord, from all evil thinking, oh God, from all evil things, Father, even as you've told us, Lord, that when he, the Spirit of truth is come, how he will guide us into all truth, Lord, I will direct us, Lord, and how the spirit comes, Lord. Father purifies our souls that our souls heavenly father may have eternal life that our souls heavenly father may oh God have the word of God in its fullness Lord in completeness oh God we need you heavenly father come down in our lives in the name of Jesus Christ and transform us Lord deliver us from all various failures various weaknesses Lord we seek for your mercies Lord We seek for your grace father that the spirit of god the holy spirit may have preeminence in our lives may direct us lord may guide us lord and father show us the path that we have to take the path of truth and righteousness for your name's sake oh god we have need of you heavenly father so we call upon your name come down in our lives heavenly father we can't help ourselves it's only you can help us you can deliver us Lord. So we surrender unto you Lord our lives oh God our hearts our human spirits our bodies Lord everything that we are Lord we surrender unto you father and Lord let it be pleasing unto you Lord oh God to work upon our lives and bring us Lord Jesus in the image of Jesus Christ and what a day that we're living in Lord and how we need to be purified sanctified oh God our lampstremed oh God and our lamps burning ing and shining in such gross darkness that we see in the time we're living in. Help us, Father, to be such shining lights, Father, at our homes, to be such shining lights, Father, in our neighborhoods, to be such shining lives at our places of work, to be such shining lights at our places of study, Lord, that wherever we are, Lord Jesus Christ, the life of Christ may be made manifest in us. For that's the reason, Lord, you came down to die for us. that we can receive your very life. The spirit of Christ in us, abiding in us, living in us, dwelling in us, guiding us into all truth, directing us and watching over us. Give us the ability, Lord Jesus, that we may be able to overcome all temptations of Satan. All trials and testings, Father, all challenges that come in our life, we may be able to overcome them and have a true witness and have a true testimony that sure the Lord is with us. Surely the Lord is in us. Lord, we long for you, Lord, and we call upon your name. Oh God, we praise the father. Help us to be obedient to all your word and not take one thing after another or perhaps preferring one word above the other. Lord and saying this we are living it and this we are taking in but help us to take the whole council of God the word that has been revealed to us in this end time that heavenly father we may be true Christian ambassadors ambassadors of Jesus Christ living the life of Jesus Christ that you may even help us heavenly father each and every one of us oh God even to be ready for the rapture that's at hand how we love you oh god how we thank the father how we worship you lord how we glorify holy name because the name of the Lord is a strong and mighty tower. The righteous run into it and they are safe and we just want to be safe right Lord. Oh blessed be the name of our Lord Jesus Christ that we can live right under the blood. Oh walk right under the blood the life of Jesus Christ himself. No longer us living but Christ living in us Lord. We need you heavenly father. We worship you Lord Jesus Christ. We glorify your heavenly father. We adore you heavenly father and magnify your holy name. Blessed be thy name Lord. Continue helping us dear God and guiding us and directing us oh Lord Jesus of our salvation and show us the path that we have to walk the path of truth and righteousness. Oh God we pray may deliver everyone that's bound in one another. Lord to completely loosen them from every bondage of Satan that Father we can live the life of Christ in joy and happiness Lord serving you Lord waiting upon you Lord and glorifying and magnifying your holy name. Oh God, we love you, Father. Lord, we thank thee, Father. Lord, we glorify your holy name and we pray may continually watch over us. Continually speak to us, continually fill us with your spirit and your love to be real in our lives in the name of Jesus Christ. That may not be us, but you living in us, Lord. Oh, blessed be thy name, Lord, forever more. And how we commit the meetings on Sunday into your hands, praying your grace may come down the services, Lord. Praying for all the brothers and sisters be traveling from far near for this meeting. Praying may bring them safely father. Even brother Andreas may anoint him Lord. Grant him to mas travels from German Lord and deliver him safely Lord and use him the time will be a father. Even remembering the meetings in Maza heavenly father that your grace may come in those meetings. Likewise even anointing our pastor and using him granting him good health lord and strength even Lord Jesus Christ for your services. Lord, we also remember the meetings tomorrow into your hearts and different places that your purpose and will may be done in all the outreach programs for the glory and honest heavenly father in the midst of the so many challenges that we go through in this life. We pray may give us the grace heavenly father to overcome every one of them and help every one of us dear Lord to be ready for the rapture my God. We commit all our burdens into your hands. commit all our needs into your hands and all our hearts desires, Lord. We pray, Father, they may provide for us, Lord. Heal such as the sick and afflicted, Lord, and we pray your deliverance may go down to every family, Lord, and every church member in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, manifesting yourself to them, Lord, revealing yourself to them and showing them the path that they have to walk, the path of truth and righteousness for your holy name's sake, oh God. Oh Lord, we call upon your name and we love you, Father. We thank you, Lord. We glorify your holy name and thank for being with us even today father and dear Lord even as we pray to leave this place. We pray may your spirit that brought us here Lord may even take us home back safely Lord blessing us Lord that father we may walk heavenly father like those people heavenly father who we are going to embarrass Lord and their heart burning within them dear father that even your presence with us here may not stop here Lord but father even at our home we go on meditating upon your word and father even as you've taught us by your prophet that when we speak about the lord when we think about the lord then it's right there in in our midst of God that father we may take time to meditate upon your word may take time to read your word may take time to hear your word we may take time and testify about your word that your presence may be continuous in our lives wherever we are Lord Jesus Christ oh God we need you heavenly father we pray your grace continuously be in our lives father oh Lord that help us dear Lord that we can live for you Lord every other day to live for you as we wait upon you and as we expect father the rapture that's coming given at hand. Oh, we bless your holy name. Be glorified, Father. Be magnified, Lord, and bless every one of us, Lord, in such a special way. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, do pray and ask this. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. God bless you so much. We've come the end of the service. So, keep the meetings in prayer. Praise the name of our Lord. Just as as we go out, let us sing that song. The love of God. The love of God is greater than tangle pain can ever take. It goes beyond the highest time and reaches to the lowest hair. The guilty p down with care. God gave his son to his child. He recons and pardon from [Music] all love of God. Oh love, oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measure is and strong [Music] shall forever more endure [Music] the saints and a your song. Oh love of God. Oh love of God and [Music] [Music] [Music]
