################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-29 - The Good Man Of The House   |  Pastor Katumba James  |    10.29.2025 - Katumba James - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-29
Title:   The Good Man Of The House   |  Pastor Katumba James  |    10.29.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06098DMeTic
========================================

He break to take away to take away my singing and say hallelujah then sings my soul my savior go to thee How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. Oh, then sings my soul. My savior God to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great [Music] all of sings my soul my savior go to thee how great thou [Music] How great thou art. Oh, then seek my soul. Oh my savior go to thee. [Music] How great th How great thou. There is power in the blood. Precious blood, oh, there is power in the blood. Precious blood, there is power, Lord. Oh, there is mercy in the blood. precious blood. [Music] There is grace in the blood. as you prepare to speak to the Lord. Oh, oh, there is healing. Precious blood of Oh, there is power in precious blood, Lord. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you father for your grace you've given us to come once again into your presence Lord into your sanctuary Lord Jesus. We know Lord God you are here with us Lord. I pray Lord Jesus may you come and be with us Lord as we sing the songs of praises. May you come and help us Lord Jesus in our infirmities Lord in our iniquities Lord that you may p us Lord God that you may sanctify our vessels Lord into the services Lord I pray Lord Jesus I dedicate Father those who have come already in your house I pray Lord Jesus may you have your preeminence upon them Lord and Lord Jesus I pray may you condense their minds Lord to be together Lord to think one Father Lord the word of God and to think father the thoughts of Christ. Lord they have come to worship you. Lord I pray Lord Jesus may not evil imagination cross their minds. Lord may there no father found any feeble person. Lord I pray Lord Jesus for those saints Lord who are still on the way. Father who are walking Lord Jesus to come into your sanctuary. Lord bless them Lord as they come into your presence. Lord I pray father Lord for the pastor minister Lord who is coming to speak to the purchase of the blood. May you Lord Jesus use him as father the spirit wadeth Lord. Father Lord Jesus we are back father Lord Jesus backing up Lord your mind. We are supporting father Lord Jesus what you say father Lord Jesus. That's why when the Bible says we should not forsake the assembling of saints like others Lord. That's why we've come Lord Jesus to you know fulfill the scripture Lord. I pray Lord Jesus bless us Lord. I know Lord God your blessings go with us Lord. Father as it is was written Lord that the the signs shall follow the believers Lord. I can see Father the believers of their day. Lord they have come under the teaching of the word and Father the vindicated word of God. Father, Lord Jesus, I pray, Lord, may you not, Father, despise such souls, Lord. May you not, Father, cast them away because you said, "Whoever shall come unto me, I will not cast them out, Lord. I pray, Lord Jesus. May you come and help us, Lord, that we may do thy will, oh God, that we may be found, Lord, in thy word. That we may hide ourself, Lord, in thee, Lord Jesus. That we may walk closely to you, Lord. that we may be like Eno Lord. That we may be like Abraham, Lord. Father, Lord Jesus, when Abraham had your word, he just dropped father his thinking and he just left his homeland and he never questioned your word. Father, Lord Jesus, our hearts to be like Abraham. Our hearts wants to be like Eno Lord. Moreover, Lord Jesus, there a greater than Solomon is here. Father, Lord Jesus, we've come to the greatest man, the greater than Solomon. Father, we thank you, Jesus. The blood which speaks better words, Lord, than that of Abel. We love you, Lord Jesus. We appreciate you, oh God. In the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ, Lord, we pray. Amen. Let us sing that song which says, "Shall we gather the river?" Song number 50. If you have a song book, you can switch on the lights. [Music] Shall we gather at the river where bright angel have tr with his crystal tight forever flowing by the throne of God. Yes, we'll gather at the river, the beautiful, beautiful river. Gather with the saints at the river that flows by the throne of God. on the bossom of the river where the savior king we all we shall meet and sorrow never is the glory of the throne. Oh yes, we gather the river, the beautiful, beautiful river. Gather with the sens river that flows by the throne of God. On the margin of the river, washing happy silver spray. We will walk and worship ever. Oh, the happy golden name. Yes, we gather. Yes, we'll gather the beautiful beautiful river. Gather with the sat river that flows by the throne of God. Here we reach the shining river. May we every burden down grace our spirit build the river and proide our rogown. Oh yes, we gather. We at the river, the beautiful, beautiful river. Gather with the saints such a river that flows by the throne of hope. At that smiling of the river, the mirror of the Savior's face. Since soon death will never ever lift their songs of saving grace. Yes, we gather [Music] the beautiful the beautiful beautiful river. Gather with the saint inside the river that flows by the throne of God. Soon soon we reach the shining. Hallelujah. Soon our pilgrim made you see. Soon our happy hearts will be with the me of peace. Yes, we gather the beautiful the beautiful beautiful river. inside the river that flows by the throne of God. Amen. Give him a hand of praise. Let's sing that song just to close a walk. I am weak but thou art strong. [Music] Jesus keep me from all alone. I'll be satisfied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. Just a closer child. Stuck closer. Walk with thee daily. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily close to thee. Oh dear. Oh, just a closer. Just rose up granting Jesus &gt;&gt; is my &gt;&gt; is my pleing to thee. Let it be the Lord. Let it be through this world of thorns and snare. If I found Lord who cares. Oh, with me my body sharing. [Music] Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. If you can give me a mic. I greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We thank God for being here today. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let us sing that song. My faith looks up to thee. Amen. My faith looks up to thee. Oh lamb of calary savior divine now hear me while I pray. and call my seed away. Oh, let me from this day beh. [Music] May thy rich grace impart strength to my faith. [Music] My sin is stand for me. Oh, make my love to thee. You all might change [Music] found [Music] while like th [Music] I dream A grace around. [Music] Hallelujah. Be my God. Halleluah. Be darkness time to death in sorrow and tears away. No, let me ever stray from thee. Let us raise our hands and be just that song. [Music] Wow. [Music] Oh. [Music] Oh [Music] hey. [Music] Amen. As we go to pray, if you have any need, you can just raise it to your hand. Your hands up. Let us pray. Our heavenly father, we want to thank you so much, Lord. It's our confession this evening Lord that our faith looks unto you Lord lamb of Calvary. You are our savior divine and you said all has been paid. Everything has been finished. Our salvation is finished. All our deeds are finished. Our troubles are finished. Our debts are finished. our sickness is finished. And so, Father, we lift our faith unto you, Lord. That Father, beneath our hearts that we've raised, may you hear our needs, Lord. May you answer our needs heavenly father that you may grant every heart's desire Lord tonight heavenly father that none of us heavenly father may leave this place when we are lacking Lord but rather we may be fully given of all that we have need that we may be in position to rejoice even as you told us in your word that ask that your joy we may be complete. May you Lord answer all our prayers. We commit this service into your hands calling upon the name of the Lord that you may come and speak to us. You may come and encourage us Lord and show us the path that we have to take. We earnestly depend on you dear Lord and call upon the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lifting all the burdens and needs of many brothers and sisters who are not able to come here today that Lord you may reach out to them and touch them heavenly father. We pray for our sister Mary Lord. We pray for her full recovery in the name of Jesus. praying that father you may put her back to good health in the name of Jesus that your mercies may be upon her life. We also praying for our pastor. Praying that you may also strengthen him Lord. And father grant your healing upon him to make him give him good health. Lord Jesus that you may grant us and contrary use him heavenly. Lift all the burdens of the children of God into your heart that you may bless us all together Lord and may we rejoice in your presence Lord. In the name of the Lord Jesus who grant us this. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. Let us go to the book of Luke, &gt;&gt; chapter 12. &gt;&gt; We're reading verse 39 and verse 14. [Music] Verse 39. Verse 39. And then verse 40. So the Bible says &gt;&gt; and this know that if the good man of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched and not have suffered his house to be broken through. [Music] Be ye therefore ready also, for the Son of Man comes at an hour when you think not. May God sing of his word. I want to preach on the sub. You may be seated. I want to preach on the subject. The good man of the house. Now the good man of the house is actually the householder. Praise the name of our Lord. He's the master of the house. And then here the Lord is telling us this man has his house and it is his responsibility to keep security of his house. And then he says, &gt;&gt; "If the good man had watched over his house, he wouldn't have allowed the thief to just come in and break the house." And then here the Lord relates this to his second coming, you know, calling us to be, you know, awake or alert all the time. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, we are living in challenging times. We are living at the time of the coming of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. As we are living at the time of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, it calls us to be vigilant. You know, you need to see that you are watchful because there are so many things that are taking place. Now, when the coming of the Lord is at hand, we need to see that we are watchful. see that you take interest in the things of God. Be involved in the things of God. Be meditating upon the things of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Now today I just want to take a different direction you know from what we seem to have read in the scripture and identify the good man of this house. Now as faith praise the name of our lord. Now in the message the physical realm it says well that's the same thing that takes place when a demon is cast out of a sick person. The first few days he says, "Oh, I feel wonderful." Then he begin to say, "I'm sicker than I was ever. I've lost my healing." Just as sure as faith took it out. Unbelief brings it right back again. As faith kills it, unbelief resurrects it. Jesus said, "When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walks in dry places and he returns back with seven other devils. And if the good man of the house is not standing there to protect that door, he the demon will come right on and the good man of your house is your faith. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. So he says the good man of the house is faith. So now we as the habitation we need to have the good man which is faith. You make sure that your faith in God is not affected by the circumstances that you go through. Make sure that your faith in God does not go down. Because once your faith goes down, then you let demons to come in because unbelief opens doors for evil spirits. So now you need to see that the good man, the good man of your house, the good man of your heart which is faith is strong inside of you. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, "But now you watch a patient that is healed. &gt;&gt; Ordinarily it is an outstanding miracle which divine healing and a miracle is two different things. You know a miracle is something that happens praise the name of our Lord. But then divine healing can take time. Praise the name of our Lord can take time. The way you use medicine to get healed. So even divine healing can take time. But it is the power of God working upon your life. But a miracle is something that happens all of a sudden and then it is there. And you know God uses all. It is his sovereign grace that it can be a miracle. You know like somebody may have maybe go and then it just disappears. Then somebody may have go and then now immediately the the life of go leaves but then the thing is still swollen and then after maybe 3 days it is out. Then he says here divine healing is one thing and a miracle is another thing. But anyone of divine healing when the unclean spirit is cast out a cancer devil when it leaves the person. Now we will take something you can say maybe visual. Let us say cataract [Music] I don't know how they call it but this is something which covers the eyes what happened when that man if you'll notice if you'll notice a blind person because cataract makes the eyes blind I'm just forgetting the name. So now what he's saying when that life of that cataract leaves after 3 days this immediately the person can see as if they they watched they are seeing. But now that growth the growth you know the the the substance which covered the eyes it takes some bit of time to be dissolved like when the bloodream is moving around it picks up that dead substance and then it makes the person become sicker. and then he can start saying ah I never got healed in the first place but yet that demon has already been cast out but now he starts following his symptoms I'm feeling sick so that's what brother Brham said your faith killed the disease but now when you start saying I'm not healed then the demon is ready to come back. So that's why your good man, the faith that is in you has to be kept there has to be strong that even when such circumstances come you know you can stand firm now our salvation because the Bible tells us that the just shall live by faith. Praise the name of the Lord. So now your faith is what makes you saved. Praise the name of the Lord. Your faith in God is what saves you. But if you don't have faith in God, then you cannot be, you know, overcome that situation. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. So now when you put faith aside then you find that you even lose your salvation. So even our healing our healing is as long as our faith stands. But now when your faith goes away, then you lose your healing. Praise the name of the Lord. Now in Ephesians chapter 2. And then verse 8. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Bible says, "For by grace are you saved through faith and that not of yourself. It is the gift of God. So now when you lose faith in your confession, praise the name of our Lord, then you know that you are failing. You are going off. So that's why it is important for us to keep the good man of the house. Your faith should not go down regardless of what you're going through because faith is the foundation. And the Bible tells us without faith it is impossible to please God. So you need to see that your faith is not put down by any circumstance. Even when you pray and it seems you're not being answered, you need to keep on believing. Keep on having faith. Don't look at the conditions you're going through. You don't look at the symptoms you're going through. You don't look at the situations around you. But you know, you must have faith. Praise the name of our Lord. knowing whom you have believed. The apostle says I know whom I have believed that is more than able to take me through. Praise the name of our lord. Now in the message expectation he says let us conduct ourselves women don't be like the world. Don't dress like the world. Don't be these modern things and all this stuff that they are doing. Keep away from it. You are a daughter of a king. Gentlemen, you brethren, you don't have to beat down and be pushed off the corner. You are sons of the king. Stand up. Throw out your chest. Meet it. We are expecting God to do something for us. He can't do nothing for us. When we are just dropping around like we or something half dead, he wants a lively church. He wants the members in there to be livelessly stones built up in the house of faith. Believe him. Accept him taking his word. Praise the name of our Lord. Now our life on earth here as children of God, the Bible tells us we should walk by faith and not by sight, not what we see, but you know, you walk by faith. What does the word of God require me to do? Praise the name of our Lord. That should be our confession. Your testimony, you know, your heart's desire every day. Lord, let me do something that is pleasing unto you. Lord, let me fulfill your will for my life. And then you continually seek the face of the Lord depending upon the Lord to help you in everything that you go through. We as children of God, we walk by faith and not by sign. And then you also need to know the things that God has promised to us. The real things, the eternal things are not seen. They are actually taken by faith. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. You know the Bible says in 2 Corinthians chapter 4 and then verse 18. Why we look not at the things which are seen but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporary but the things which are not seen are eternal. Praise the name of our Lord. So our faith, our Christian walk is to look at the things that are not seen. [Music] And you know, you look at the promise of God. What has the Lord promised me? Then you look at that which the Lord has given to us. So you are not walking by feeling. You know even healing. You don't just start feeling then you say now I think I'm going to be healed. But then you need to have faith and believe God who has given the promise that is more than able to make the my healing come to pass or even whatever need that we have and then you say Lord this is my need Lord this is my heart's desire and then you believe God to make it come to us. Praise the name of our Lord. In the message, faith is our victory. He says, "If you if you need any need whatsoever that God has promised in his Bible, he's here tonight to meet that need." Praise the name of our Lord. You know sometimes you hear something and as if it is just like a a story. Ah that one is is far away from me. But you know the word is telling us that whatever God has promised he's there tonight to meet that need. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says no need seeking father when the giver is here. Praise the name of our lord. You know this is the man with a job. Then you say let me first go home. But we have met the person who can give you the job. You know this is the physician. Then you say, "Let me first go maybe to the forest and pick some herbs." When you have met the physician and you know faith should be able to declare in the present tense, [Music] praise the name of our Lord. You know the Bible says, let us speak that in Mark chapter 12. Praise the name of our Lord. It is something that the scripture discares as it has already been done. He has already done it. Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; So in the book of Mark, it's actually chapter 11. He says in verse 22, &gt;&gt; "And Jesus answering says unto them, have faith in God." Mark 11:22, For I say unto you, whosoever shall say to this mountain, Be removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he says shall come to pass. He shall have what he saith. Therefore, I say unto you, whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord that takes care of all our needs. So all your need it is a promise of God. He says whatsoever you desire. So the whole thing is your desire. You make it known to the Lord and say Lord this is my request and you know our needs keep on changing in the morning I may be afraid to meet my boss. Then I pray Lord help me to find favor before my boss and God answers it. Maybe when I'm at a place of work, when I'm at a place of work, there's also another issue that comes and troubles me. Then I put it before the Lord. Maybe the day is ending and I don't have any money for supper. Then I put it before the Lord. You know, at any time we can make our requests known to the Lord. And then you believe God because here it is a promise. It's an open check. You know, you can put what you need in that check. Lord, this is what I need. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he says, believe that you receive it and then you shall have it. And when you believe that you are receiving, &gt;&gt; you know, your mind is just thankful. You are expecting any time to come. When God promised Abraham a son, brother demonstrates it. Abraham went and started buying no children's clothes. Praise the name of our Lord LIKE EXPECTING PARENTS. YOU KNOW nowadays they go to the scans and then they scan what is the the sex of the child and then if it is a female they try to look for colors for girls [Music] then they prepare and put them there. we get light blue and things like that in expectation. So then he says here if whatever you desire when you pray believe that you receive them so you make preparations for it. Praise the name of our Lord. YOU MAKE PREPARATION THAT I'M going to receive this. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what Abraham was doing. He was making preparation. Our child is coming. Where is the child going to be? How are we going to keep the child? What plans have we made for the child? You are in expectation. So even praise the name of our Lord. You get in expectation. Praise the name of our Lord. You've prayed for a job. You must be in expectation which will be my first clothes on the day of I start working. Praise the name of the Lord. You're in expectations. Your heart has already moved ahead. Praise the name of the Lord. What kind of expectation? Oh, I'm praying God to give me a car. Where will I be parking my car? Praise the name of the Lord. YOU MAY NOT HAVE EVEN BUILT ANYTHING but you know you believing God for something. Praise the name of our Lord. Like our pastor has an interesting testimony. He said when they were living in a small small room you know he would draw building plans of what he wants to build. He says our house is going to be like this. He's not waiting to have the money, but you know, you've already moved into what you are praying to God. Praise the name of our Lord. That shows you are believing that it's going to come. I'm going to have this then you start in that world. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how Abraham was moving. You know like a job even when he says praise the name of our Lord he saw his sickness how he was so much in affliction but he had a promise that even if this skin worms destroyed this flesh yet in this same body I'm going to see my redeemer. Praise the name of our Lord. He was looking beyond the circumstances he was going through. And I should do the same thing with us. I should look beyond my salary for the things I want to do. I should look beyond my education, for the job I want to apply for. I should look beyond my business, my capital, for the things I want to do. Why? I'm believing in God who is more than able to make to pass that which I have requested. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, faith is a substance. It's a reality that this is going to pass. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's how we need to live as children of God. what you have need of. You pray to the Lord and SAY, "LORD, THIS IS MY NEED." Praise the name of our Lord. I'm not depending upon my ability, but I'm depending upon the ability of God. I'm depending upon the promise of God. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what brother Brandham is telling us. That if God has promised it in his Bible, here tonight to meet the need. Praise the name of our Lord. His presence is here. His spirit is here and he is willing and ready and longing to give you what so what you were seeking for. Why would you wait any longer? &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Those things are not mine. When you're afraid to take the promises of God, you will not come out. Like when Jesus had fished the whole night, they struggled the whole night. The weather maybe was not good. Maybe the moonlight or the light were not good. I said we got then Jesus comes through there but we s the whole night. We need to leave that lamentation first. Lord, I've tried several times but out Now when they launched out what they got even the nets were not able to pull all of it and that's what the Lord does when you can only depend upon him. Lord you're more than able to handle this I'm praise the name of the Lord. Lord, you can help me in the circumstance I'm in. Because the Lord knows what we are going through and he's here to help us. Praise the name of our Lord. He's here to give you grace to meet your need. Praise the name of our Lord. So then brother Brham says when you come to him don't come as a floater. I'll go up and try it and see if it works. It's not about that. Just have faith in God. Lord, this is my heart's desire. You know the Bible says whosoever comes to God must believe that God is real. Praise the name of the Lord. You just have that in your life. Lord, you are real. Praise the name of the Lord. Like let me let us put it in the natural way. &gt;&gt; Like now you see you find the president of Uganda has come or maybe he has come to your house. What a great honor to host the president and then he asks you what can I do for you? And you say but the president will manage my problems. Can you imagine that? &gt;&gt; Your house is leaking but even after your house leaks you see where the house is. You see the road is bad. My car is broken down. My business the taxes are too high. capital. &gt;&gt; He just only writes the Bank of Uganda, the Uganda Development Bank just gives instruction and things work out. How about our God? But that's that's how we get ourselves caught up. You suffer with your problem. You get troubled the whole day. And then Jesus tells you, "Why do you think about your troubles? If you cannot add on your hair, then why trouble about tomorrow?" &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. He says, "Cast all your burdens away and the Lord cares." Praise the name of our Lord. It's actually a step of faith and then you commit to the Lord this deed. You commit the Lord this burden and don't be tired of asking the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. So then he says, "You'll never get nowhere. You know you are just trying try and error maybe it will work maybe it will not work but then you must come with assurance that if I present this before the Lord the Lord will hear my prayer the Lord will answer my need. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, "But when you come with this kind of a determination that you have sold out, you know, when you are tired of the world and sin and unbelief, frustrations and doubt and come to the living God. with anchor surely tightened in the rock of ages. The Holy Spirit is here to pull you into the presence of the living God that will give you a faith that will overcome anything there is in the world. sickness, disease and even death itself. You say, &gt;&gt; you said death, &gt;&gt; brother Brenham. &gt;&gt; That is what I meant to praise the name of anything because it's in the promises of God. whatever you have need of and then the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord answers your prayers. So the question is what do you have need of? Praise the name of our Lord. You just mention it to the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord and say Lord this is my heart. Lord this is what I'm lacking. And we have different needs. Your need may not be my need. Praise the name of Lord. My need may be completely different. And for you are saying why is he asking such a thing? But that is my that's what I feel I need like the little children. He can ask you for a toy then even this one here. But that is their feel it matters a lot to them. Praise the name of our Lord. How about our heavenly father? Praise the name of our Lord. The great of the universe all the heaven and the earth and said ask and you can't ask too much that God cannot give because how will you have a mind to ask more than what he can give? Praise the name of our Lord. So he is more than able to give us what we have need of. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we have faith in God and make sure that you don't allow doubt to come in. Praise the name of the Lord. Now in Mark 12 and then verse 43 When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walks through dry places seeking rest and finds none. Then he says, I will return unto my house from whence I came out. And when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished. Now we need to see that our houses are occupied by the good man of the house. When your house is empty, it's an attraction to evil spirits. wrong spirits to come and take charge over your life. In the book of Psalms, the scripture says, "I have hid your word in my heart that I may not sin against you." So you make sure that your house is not empty. Let the good man of the house be there. He is the keeper of the house. And when he is right there, praise the name of our Lord, when the evil spirits come, they'll not be able to enter in. But now when your house is empty, then evil spirits can come. And then the Bible says you he comes with worse demons. Seven worse demons more wicked than him and then they enter there and then they dwell there because Satan is looking for a place to hide himself. So you don't give room to Satan &gt;&gt; to come and find a position in your life. You know there are some things that take our attention away from the word of God. Maybe the programs that we watch, you know, programs, videos, videos, &gt;&gt; you know, maybe this kind of movie or maybe this kind of thing I watch on my phone or my computer. All those avenues for demons to enter into your life. You know when you watch something wrong it will certainly impact in your life there is some kind of evil that you will partake from what you watch. Praise the name of our Lord. Now if just looking at a naked woman is itself obscene or something which is tempting. &gt;&gt; How about watching something funny you take your time. So you are feeding you feeding. You are feeding. So what you are getting from here is actually entering into your heart and at the end of the day you start manifesting the dirt things you are feeding from the things you are hearing. So now you've opened room for demons, spirits that can take a hold of your life and then you find that the good master of the house cannot be in that kind of place. Praise the name of the Lord because faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. So instead of taking time on the word of God, you are taking time on contrary things. So you cannot have enough faith to help you walk this Christian walk. So the devil just comes in and then he changes your thinking. He changes your behavior. He changes your speech and then you find that you're doing things which are not right. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the book of second Peter chapter 2 and then verse 20 the Bible says for if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ they are again entangled therein and overcome. The latter end is worse with them than the beginning. Yes, For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness than after they have known it to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. But it is happened unto them, according to the true proverb, the dog is turned to his own vomit again, and the soul that was washed to her wallowing in the Ed. Now he says, "If we live the way of righteousness and then go back to the things which are wrong, the condition becomes worse. &gt;&gt; You find you are entangled into the things that you overcame. &gt;&gt; So then even your condition becomes worse. Praise the name of our Lord. But the Bible tells us we are not of them who turn back. Praise the name of our Lord. for as we move forward. Praise the name of our Lord. We have the promise of God. Like Paul says, I'm pressing for the to the mark of the high calling of God. Our promise right now, the great expectation we have in our day is the change of our bodies. So every day we press, praise the name of our Lord. It doesn't happen today, I'm sure looking for it tomorrow. Praise the name of our Lord. If it doesn't happen this week, I'm sure looking for it next week. So, you keep on living in expectation. As you keep on going, like Abraham, when the year passed, he kept on believing the Lord. got over. He kept on believing on the Lord. And then the Bible says he looked for a city whose builder and maker was God himself. Praise the name of our Lord. He wasn't tired. He knew the city was there. So he kept looking for that city. So he also keep on trusting in the Lord. Keep on depending upon the Lord. Even in your weaknesses, you don't give up. You keep on believing. You keep on believing. Like the children of Israel, they were waiting for the consolation of Israel. So they were keeping on believing. Keep on trusting, keep on expecting. Praise the name of our Lord. And that keeps you going. Praise the name of our Lord. Even if you don't see it in your day, you know it sure is going to happen. Praise the name of our Lord. Like Joseph, when he was in Egypt, he went and told the children of Israel that one day God is going to visit you and then you're going to go back to the land of Hebrew. And then he told them, you pack my bones and go with them. He was looking at the promise of God. And there should be the same thing also with us. We live in such great expectation. Lord, I'm longing for your coming. I'm looking for the rapture. I'm looking for the change of my body. It doesn't matter what I'm going through. I'm still believing the Lord who has made a promise that is able to make it come to pass. Praise the name of our Lord. So, it gives you a zeal. Praise the name of our Lord. You rise up in the morning believing God, it's going to come to pass. Praise the name of our Lord. I'm surely going to make it. I'm surely going to overcome this circumstance. Praise the name of our Lord. So in the message, faith is our victory. Brother Brham says that is purposing in your heart. That is really getting to business. You know, when you get that kind of purpose in your heart, God is going to open the windows of heaven. Something has got to take place. You've got to get to the business with God [Music] and have some purpose and some gratitude for him saving you. And when Daniel had purposed in his heart and the devil made him to prove it, But we find out that it it stood good in the face of the hungry lion. ever comes to God and really down in his heart finds a settled faith, it will stand good in the mouth of death or in the mouth of sickness, &gt;&gt; in the mouth of sorrow. sorrow to stand good for faith is the victory. You have to overcome by your faith. Praise the name of the Lord. So regardless of the challenge, you stand firm. This is what I'm standing. Praise the name of our Lord. I'm standing on the promise of God. I believe it is true. I believe it is correct. Like the three Hebrew children when Nebuchadnezzar had made a lot of fire seven times hotter and the Bible says the fire was burning the men who were taking them inside. But now this was said whether what or what we not going to worship your image. The good man of the house was strong in their lives. They had purpose in their life regardless of the challenge. Praise the name of our Lord. Standing by the word of God. And that should also be the same thing with us. Take the promise of God. Stand by the promise of God. Praise the name of our Lord. If there is this trouble, speak it out. Rebuke the enemy to go away. Praise the name of our Lord. MAYBE SOME SICKNESS. YOU REBUKE THAT SPIRIT. Praise the name of our Lord. You just say Satan, get away from here. You have no right here. I'm redeemed of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. You take your stand, faith settled, you know. THEN YOU TELL SATAN, GET AWAY FROM HERE. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. And then he says, it will stand good in the mouth of death or in the mouth of sickness, in the mouth of sorrow. It will stand good. For faith is the victory. You have you have overcome by faith. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's how we need to live every day. Praise the name of our Lord. You rise up in the morning. You are looking at the promise of God. You are, you know, that's your confession. That is your testimony. Praise the name of our Lord. And then we just keep on going regardless of the opposition. Praise the name of I believe. Let us finish. Let us go and pick up this scripture in Mark chapter 3. And then verse 27. H the Bible says &gt;&gt; no man can enter into a strong man's house and spoil his goods except he will first bind the strong man and then he will spoil his house. Praise the name of the Lord. Let the strong man be in your house, the good man of the house. Faith. Praise the name of our Lord. And then the Bible says without faith, it is impossible to please God. So your faith in God will bring God down. Then the Lord dwells in you. Tell me how Satan Praise the name of the Lord. Like you have your house. And then you say, I've dedicated this house to God. &gt;&gt; Lord, you are the Lord of this house. Take charge over this house. And you know God, he knows what the devil is even planning to do. Praise the name of God. Before even start sending the missiles, he knows that at this time of the year, this is what the devil is going to do. So he's already there prepared. I will sat and enter a house where God is and then steal something when God is watching over that house. So we need to see that we are the habitation of God. Let God come and dwell with us. The way the Bible says, "Let the word of God dwell in you richly." Now, if the word is fully in me and the thief comes to steal, kill and destroy. So when the thief comes and the word is right in here, the thief will not steal my joy, will not steal my peace. Why? The house is protected. The strong man is there. Satan cannot come and bind because he's stronger than him. Greater is it that is in us. than the devil that's in the world. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that faith is strong in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. Keep on reading the word of God. Keep on hearing the word of God. Keep on meditating upon the word of God. Keep on obeying the word of God. See that your faith raises up. Praise the name of our Lord. The promises of God. are not far from you or you are not ignorant of what the Lord has promised in any form of travel. You can bring the promise of God in your strength. Praise the name of our Lord. Have the good man of the house richly abiding in your life. Praise the name of Lord. Then Satan will not steal anything from you. Satan will not destroy anything you have. It will not take away your peace, will not take away your joy, not take away, you know, your love for God. Why? Because the Lord is abiding. Praise the name of our Lord. And nothing of your house will be cheated. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to keep the good man of the house, our faith. Praise the name of our Lord. living by faith every other day. Praise the name of the Lord. May God bless you. Amen. On Friday, we have an overnight service. Then on Sunday, we have two services with the Lord's Lord's Supper. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing that song. I'm living by faith. Praise the name of our Lord. You don't look at what you're going through. Praise the name of our Lord. We live by faith every day. God bless you. I care not what today the tomorrow may bring. If shadows or sunshine or rain, the Lord I know looked over everything and all of my worry is vain. I'm living or living by faith in Jesus abound. Trusting confounding in his great love. [Applause] [Music] from all I'm seeing. [Music] I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. I feel no alarm. Oh, the tempest made no wonder. Storm clouds arise oburing the brightness of life. I'm never alone that the overcast skies the master looks on the sky. I'm living. I'm living by faith in Jesus. Trusting in his great love from what I see in his sh I'm living by and I Oh, [Music] I know that is will car no matter what he time [Music] and the temp [Music] was lost to my soul. Heat. Heat. [Music] resting in his great [Music] shing I and I will [Music] our Lord willing to some sweet I was willing [Music] to be on the bless [Music] I'm living I'm living Jesus Christ [Music] is [Music] I and I know what a mighty God with. What a mighty God. is hallelujah. What a mighty. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Angel [Applause] might now speak to the Lord. Father, how we thank you Lord. How we bless your holy name. How we rejoice for your goodness Lord. How we rejoice for your mercies. Oh God. The great things heavenly father you do in our lives all your care your blessings Lord your press your protection Lord the provisions Lord blessed be thy holy name Lord you are mighty oh God mighty in battle heavenly father mighty in everything heavenly father we come to worship you Lord we come to adore heavenly father we come to proclaim your name is on high father oh blessed be thy holy name Lord forever more. How we are thankful, heavenly father, that you've saved us, Lord. You've delivered us, oh God. You've made us whole, God. You heal all our diseases, God. You forgive us of all our sins. Heavenly Father, oh blessed be thy name. You are mighty in everything, Lord. You are mighty in word. You are mighty indeed. You are mighty, Lord. Great is your name, heavenly father. You are worthy of all praise and honor. How we adore your holy name. How we glorify your holy name. How we thank you heavenly father for your care upon our lives. For your goodness upon our lives. For answering our prayers Lord for meeting all our needs heavenly father. We are thankful heavenly father for all the great things you do Lord and the great promises that you promised to us oh God and how you talked about David Lord the sure mercies of God. Moreover, mentioning many and many things, the great things, heavenly father, that you would bring forth in that covenant of God. And we are we are heavenly father under the holy ghost covenant of God that all our promises all the things of God are all belonging unto us. And you've given them unto us, Father, and then you've told us in your word, whatever we desire, heavenly father, when we pray, let us believe that we receive it and then we shall have it. Lord we are thankful heavenly father for such a great opportunity Lord for such a great privilege heavenly father that we can raise all our prayers Lord unto you we can raise all our represent you heavenly father and not father oh oh God be weary or tired or afraid that the lord's not going to hear us but you said whatsoever we desire Lord so we lift all our burdens unto you we lift all our needs unto you Lord we lift all our cares unto heavenly father for you care in every stress you care in every circumstance. Oh God, allowed be thy holy name. Lord, how we worship you, Lord Jesus. How we glorify holy name. How we magnify Lord to know we serve a truly living God. To know you are our God. To know you are our maker. To know you are our provider. To know you are our healer. Lord, to know you are everything unto us, oh God. Blessed be thy holy name. What an opportunity we have that we can pour our hearts unto you. We can bring everything we before us Lord. Oh most precious heavenly father you are so great Lord. You are so wonderful father. Bless every one of us. Here every prayer Lord here and oh God meet every need every heart's desire in the name of Jesus that Lord you may meet every need. Oh blessed redeemer. Oh God, you are always some. Lord, you are wonderful. Lord, you change heavenly father. Your power is not limited by anything. Lord, you're not limited by circumstances. You're not limited by stressions, Lord. You're not limited by quantities or numbers. Oh God, you rule over each and everything and all affairs of men, Lord, and your own good pleasure. You've created us. You've made us, Lord, and you've called us, Father, to be your own. How we are thankful unto you, heavenly father. Are we glorified holy name? Are we magnified? Holy name be glorified. Heavenly father be magnified. Heavenly father bless every one of us Lord. Hear every prayer. Heavenly father meet every need. Heavenly father and change the tides Lord Jesus change the stations heavenly father. Oh God that the devil may not be glorified in anything. The devil may not take a hold of anything Lord but in the name of Jesus Christ that our faith oh God may fully be anchored Lord fully settled heavenly father. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus forever more. You are holy Lord Jesus. You are holy Lord. You are worthy heavenly father. We magnify you Lord. We glorify you Lord Jesus Christ. Oh our Lord and Savior. Oh how we love you heavenly father. that Lord we can call upon your name. Lord we can depend upon you Lord. Lord we can seek your face oh God. Lord we can seek you Lord and blessed be the name. And as you say that whosoever shall seek you shall find you Lord God. And if we draw nigh to you draw nigh to us heavenly father. What a communion Lord. What a promise of God heavenly father. Your reality coming down in our midst of God in the name of Jesus Christ. We love you Lord. We bless you Lord. We worship you Lord. We adore your holy name. Oh God of our salvation. How you change heavenly father. How you fell heavenly father. Oh blessed be thy holy name Lord forever more. We thank thee for all the things you've done. We thank thee for all your promises Lord. We thank thee heavenly father for encouraging us for strengthening us oh God. For watching over us Lord for directing us oh God. for healing all our diseases, Lord. For meeting all our needs, heavenly father, we are thankful unto you, Lord God. We worship thee, heavenly father. We magnify, holy name. Oh, you are worthy, heavenly father. Alouded be thy holy name, Lord, forever more. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. May your kingdom come. May your will be done, oh God. Continue encouraging us, continue strengthening us, continue leading us, continue making yourself known unto us, continue guiding us, heavenly father, even the path of truth and righteousness for your name's sake, oh God, that you may help us every day to keep on pressing, heavenly father, keep on walking, Lord, keep on moving, Lord, like Abraham, every day he was looking for that city. every time was satisfying about that city and he never got tired. Lord, even when he reached 100 years plus, he believed that city is there. Oh God, and now you come down and tell us, oh God, sitting with Abraham in the city of God where they will come from the east, they'll come from the west, they will come from the south and sitting into the kingdom of God with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. And we are thankful, heavenly father, for the foundation that is so sure, the foundation that you have set for us. We are grateful heavenly father that we can be called the children of God. We can be called the elect of God. We can be called heavenly father the redeemed of the lord. How we are thankful heavenly father that we just don't so much look at the things of this life. But the things that are beyond this life the things that you have promised. Oh God we are grateful heavenly father. We worship you Lord. We glorify holy name. We magnify holy name. You are worthy Lord Jesus. Hallowed be thy holy name Lord forever more receive all the glory heavenly father how we thank thee for these sons Lord the opportunity you've given unto us Lord that we can come into your presence Lord thank you father how we worship you Lord how we adore you Lord Jesus Christ may your name be glorified may your name be magnified heavenly father and Lord Jesus even as we've come to the end of the service Lord we pray that your grace that has brought us may take every one of us back home that Lord we may keep on rejoicing Lord that you've heard our prayers. We may keep on rejoicing and believing that you've answered all our prayers. Oh be with us Lord as we go out and watch over every one of us delivering us back home and again grant us to come back again on Friday. Speak to us again. Encourage us again and even on Sunday Lord that your blessings may be upon us. We commit all the services of the Lord going through the course of the week Lord the meetings tomorrow on Friday, Saturday and Sunday that Lord in all these services your name be glorified and magnify how we love you Lord Jesus Christ how we thank you father and how we glorify holy name. Thank you for this day Lord. Blessed be thy name Lord forever more in the name of Jesus Christ we grant us this. Amen. Amen. God bless you so much. Amen. We've come the end of the service. On Friday, we have an overnight. Praise the name of our Lord. [Music] Let us sing one song as we go out. [Music] Come we that love the Lord and let our joys be known. [Music] Join in a song with sweet. Join in a song with sweet and the surround throne. We are maring. We are maring to Zion. Beautiful. Be beautiful Zion. Yeah, I'm [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey.
