################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-12 - The Elect Lady Grace - Part 1 | Pastor Katumba James | 07.12.2025 - Katumba James - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-12
Title:   The Elect Lady Grace - Part 1 | Pastor Katumba James | 07.12.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDPaKz2MEac
========================================

I know Israel is so born to save men from the sins forever more. Oh Christ the crucified of Calvary. We sing it again. In a manger. In a manger. long ago. Well, I know feeling so cold was born to save me from the sea. Oh, John saw him on the shore. I love him forever more. Oh, Christ the crucified of Calvary. Oh, I love Oh, I love that man from Gity. From Gity, he has done so very much for me. Brothers and he forgiven all my sin. Bless the Holy Ghost with thee. Oh, I love I love that man for me. The publican, the publican. He went to pray in a temple there one day. He cried, "Oh Lord, be merciful to me." Oh where he was forgiven of every sin and the deep is blessed within come and save this man from Gality. Hallelujah. Oh I love I love that man from Galilee. From Galilee has done so very much for me. He has done a lot in our lives. We forgive and all praise him. Praise the Holy Ghost with him. Oh, I love the loud man from the beginning. Oh, the lamb. The lamb was meant to walk. Those men th upon the sea. Oh, the blind was made. I know we gone thong. Oh, I love Oh, I love that man from Gh. Oh, well, he has done so very much for me. Oh Jesus is forgiven all my sins. Bless the Holy Ghost. Oh I love the m of God before the m of the son of man. What must they do? This is say to him, he must be born again by the spirit of the mind from God. Oh, I love all I love. I love the man from God. It is that money has done. Oh very much for me. My Jesus is forgiven. Praise the Holy Father. Oh I love. Oh I love the man from God. Thou man I know where he or the day. Now five husband she had a child she was forgiven of every sin and I mean bless him who worship I'm a god I love him oh I love that I'm from God it is that my He has done so very much for me. He's forgiven all sin. Please the Holy Ghost with me. Oh, I love I love Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We hallelujah. Amen. Sing hallelujah. Oh we hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. And hallelujah. Amen. Sing an hell. Oh Lord, your name is God. Jesus. Oh my Lord. To you belongs all power. Jesus my Lord. Whenever I call your name, my Lord, you make way. Your name is a strong tower. Oh Jesus. I say your name is a strong tower. Jesus. Oh that name to your belove power. Jesus my Lord. Wherever I call your name you make way. Your name is a strong tower. Oh shame. Oh game changer. Your name is a game changer. Jesus. Oh my lord. To you belongs power. Jesus my Lord and my God for your name all your make your name is a great change oh to your name is a strong power Jesus oh my Lord to your belong the power Jes Jesus my savior whenever I go. Call your name Lord. You make your name is God tower. Jesus. Give him a hand of praise this morning. His name is a mighty tower. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You may get seated. Sister Ruth, Sister Miriam, and Janet, come and give you a special song. God bless you church. Our wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. How wonderful Savior to me. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock where we of pleasure I see. He hideth my soul in the cl of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty life. He hideth my life in the depth of his love and cover me there with his heart and cover me there with his hand. My wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. He taketh my ben away. He holdeth me up and I shall not be moved. He giveth me strength as my day. He hideth my soul in a cl of the rock that shadows are dry. He hideth my life in the depth of his love and covers me thou with his heart and covers me now with his hand with lambless blessings each and filled with his fullness divine. I sing in my rapture. Oh, glory to God for such shall redeemer as mine. He hideth my soul in the cloud of the rock that shall delight. He hideth my life in the depth of his love and cover me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. and clothe in his brightness transport and I rise to meet him in clouds of the sky. His perfect salvation. His wonderful love I'll shout with the millions on high. He hideth my soul in the depth of the rock that shadows that dry th of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me now with his hand. He hideth my soul in the cloud of the rock that shadows are dry. He hideth my love in a depth of his love and cover me thou with his hand. And covers me thou with his hand. And covers me thou with his hand. Amen. Yeah. God bless you. As sister Faith and Hope Mambo prepares themselves, let's have this testimony here. It says, "God bless you, saints. I would like to thank God so much for the selfies. for the graduation ceremony of my son Emmanuel and also want to thank God for that achievement granted for him. May his name be glorified. This is from sister an so sister faith and hope mambo come and give you a special song. &gt;&gt; God bless you church. We're going to sing a song that says, "Wait on Jesus." The Bible says, "Those that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Tur to come. I needed I to I te I am in my li You sorting your He in my knee Oh my god. in my knee. I am the I for you. Oh my Oh, and I come. Oh, where to qu? Yeah. might lead the way in the in the Oh, holy I might Amen. God bless you for that special song. &gt;&gt; Shall we again add them the honey clap? All the special. Amen. God bless you. Give me song number 430. No, never. Let's sing it as we get our offerings. &gt;&gt; No, never alone. No, never alone. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. And no favor never. Now see the lightening flashing the flash. I fingers try to coner. I heard the voice of my savior telling me still to fight on. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone or never. No, never alone. No, never. He promised never to leave me, never to leave me alone. Oh no, never alone. No, never. He promised never to leave me, never to leave me alone. Thou wildf in all way. My savior stands between his shield me from death. you and calling upon your spirit heavenly father to come and take full control of the spirit's heavenly father within the press waiting upon you and believing and trusting that lord surely you press bless us for we ask in the precious name of our lord Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; amen Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you happy to be in his presence this morning? So you know &gt;&gt; is there any we say change the key let the w say let the p say &gt;&gt; let the blind Who are the Lord has died? Oh, let the wings say I am strong. Let the poor say I wish you. Who let the blind say I can see what the Lord? Let the wicked this morning. Let the w say. Shall we get up on our feet? Well, let the cross say I'm rich. H let the blind say I can see who are the Lord. Are you weak in our midst this morning? Oh now let the we say I am strong. Who said let the boy say I am we the blood say I can say oh what the lord I always sing say hosana ohana lift up your hand and sing hosana to Jesus Oh th was thereanana. Jesus God and all we sing hosana to the Lord is the hosana. Hosana. Hosana. what Jesus died and rose again. Oh, will let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see. what the Lord has done. Oh, sing hosana. Ohana,ana to the Lord. That was me. Say hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. Shle by your heavy ladies that feel the pain and shame. For there the hand of Jesus touched me and now I'm no longer the same. She by heavy laden shave a lot of guilt and share. There the hand of Jesus touched me. And now I'm no longer the same. Oh, he touched me. He touched me. Oh, yes. He touched me. I know the joy the fl my soul. Oh, something it happened. And now I know it touched me and made me whole. Now see I made this pledge. Say savior. Oh see me home. And now I shall taste to praise him. Oh I shouted while eternal. He touched me. He touched me. Oh, he touched me. He touched me. And all the joy, the blood, my soul. Oh, something it happened. And now, now I know it touched me and made me whole sing. He touched me. He touched me. Oh, he has me. Then I know the joy that floods my soul. Oh, something it happened. And now I know it touched me and made me whole. Be exalted, oh Lord. Be lifted high. Be exalted the Lord. Oh Lord, we exalt you. Be exalted the Lord. Be lifted. Oh, be exalted the Lord. We exalt you Jesus. Be exalted the Lord. Bel exalted the Lord. Oh Lord, found a way to exalt you. Be exalted up. Be lifted high. Be exalted. First of verse you are holy Lord. Oh Lord you are high liifted high. Oh, you are the full. Oh, be exalted. Oh, be exalted. Oh Lord, be exalted, oh Lord. Be lifted high. Be exalted. Oh Lord, with such Lord be exalted all be high. Be exalted Lord. You are mine. Majesty. Oh, you are highly lifted high. Oh, y the rockes. Oh my. Oh Lord. Oh Lord. Oh be exalted. Oh Lord, be lifted high. Be exalted, oh Lord. Oh Lord, we exalt you, Lord. Be exalted. Be lifted high, be exalted. Oh god. Oh go. Oh, mercy. Oh god. Oh god. Amen. Jesus is passing this way. This way today is passing. Jesus is passing this way. Is passing this way. All his passing Jesus is passing this way. All this way. Well, today he's passing. Jesus is passing this way. Oh, he's passing this way today. Oh, now is there a heart that is freeing for nothing. Oh now. Oh now Jesus is passing. Well, he's passing. Jesus is passing this way. His passing is this way. Today he's passing. Jesus is passing this way. Oh is passing this way today. Oh now is there a that is mine. Come with thy bon today. Mercy is tenderly bleeding. Oh Jesus is passing this. Will his passing Jesus pass my way? This way to death. He's passing. Jesus is passing this way. Oh, he's passing this way today. Oh now is there a heart that is broken through weary and s forever this day come to the savior who offer peace to the sad and oppressed his passagees pass is passing this way. Passing this way is passing to death. He's passing. Jesus is passing this way. He is passing this way to today. Oh now come to thy holy redeemed. Come now come to him divine and Lord the love come to the g that is leading all my to my shoulders up where his passing Jesus is pass through this where his passing this all to them where his passing Jesus is passing this way. Oh is passing this way today. His passing Jesus is passing this way. All his way to today is passing. Jesus is passing this way. Oh, he's passing this way today. Jesus is passing this way. this way today. Well, Jesus is passing this way. Sping this way today. Pass me not. Oent oh Savior this day here my heart cry Lord Jesus why thou was mine I live my savior No vast mior save our savior. Oh savior here. Aha. Oh cry. Why don't calling no pass? Lord the spring of God my come more than to me. Oh my heart at me. Oh in heaven by you. Hallelujah. Savior say my cry. Hallelujah. Why not thy do not pass me by? Amen. Let us pray. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; we thank you so much this morning, Lord, &gt;&gt; the opportunity you've given unto us that we can come into your presence, Lord, you said where two or three are gathered in your name, you will be there in their midst. And Lord, we believe you are here in our midst. You also told us in your word, they shall be taught of the Lord and great shall be their peace. We pray that you may speak to our hearts, heavenly father. Show every one of us what we have need of. We pray that you may meet everyone their needs. Bless us all together, Father. May your name be magnified and glorified for the glory of your name. In the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I greet all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We're happy this morning to be into the presence of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Amen. We have somebody come here for the first time who can recognize your presence by raise of your hand. &gt;&gt; Yes, you're welcome. my sister. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; We also want to welcome back the holiday makers. Praise the name of our Lord. And appreciate our brothers amongst us. I see our sister. Hope you're welcome. I see Manuel back there. And others praise the name of our Lord. So we are grateful to be in the presence of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Now today we have two services and we have the Lord's supper starting at 5:00 and then foot washing. We always do this once in a month. We are doing it today but on 31st of December we shall also be doing it and 31st December will be a Wednesday. So on that 31st of December, we shall have an afternoon service that will start at 300 p.m. Praise the name of our Lord. We know the sample will be in Gaza convention which is starting on 29th which will be a Monday up to 1st of January. Praise the name of our Lord. Then again there is a convention which is starting on 18th up to 21st December. Already there are three sisters who have confirmed going and we need to know others who are going there being organized by pastor somewhere. you need to contribute 20,000 shillings for that. Then the one of starting as I said starting on 29th that's this month of December up to 1st of January and you are required to pay 100,000 shillings. Praise the name of our Lord. And I would request you those who are going to Gaza to get in touch with brother William so that means of transport can be organized for all those who are going. Praise the name of our Lord. On Sunday this coming Sunday that is on 14th we are going to be hosting here brother Andreas Andreas. So, we're going to have two services and then we're also going to be having other pastors come from different places, places where we go to do missions every week. We shall love more people to hear and so we are going to have lunch for all of us. So, I would request you to make your contributions for lunch. Praise the name of our Lord. I know the times are hard, &gt;&gt; but you're not putting anything in vain into the things of God. Praise the name of the Lord. So, I just encourage you to do that. Praise the name of the Lord. There's a dedication of a baby. Let us sing that song. Bring them in. I told them, Sister Ba, there's a baby brought. or a child, I don't know, but bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the field of sea. &gt;&gt; Halleluah. Bring them in. Halleluah. Bring them in. Bring the wondering ones to Jes. Bring them in. Bring them in. Halleluah. Bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of sea. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring our wondering ones to Jesus. Praise the name of our Lord. We always want to do everything based on the scriptures. Praise the name of our Lord. You know the Bible says heaven and earth will pass away. Man's ideas will pass away. Many spirits and everything will pass away. But the word of God can never pass away. So in Matthew chapter 19 then verse 13 to verse 15 the Bible says then were there brought unto him little children that he should put his hands on them and pray and the disciples rebuked them. But Jesus said, "Suffer little children and forbide them not to come unto me, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." and and he laid his hands on them and departed then. Praise the name of our Lord. Yesterday I was in our village. And then what is interesting, one of my young brothers brought a child to be dedicated. Praise the name of again here dedicating another church. All of them. She wants all of them to be dedicated. Praise the name of God. So now Jesus Christ never instructed to baptize any little child. But when the children were brought to Christ, he laid hands on them and blessed them. The baptism of little children is a false teaching. It's not biblical because the Bible says the children have no offense. When you read in Matthew chapter 18, even Matthew chapter 19 we have read it saying of such is the kingdom of God. But now when you go to the denominational churches, they scare parents that if your child dies without being baptized that they going to hell. When the scripture says they have no offense, Because baptism is for the person who understands what they are doing. Because the Bible says man believes with the heart and then confesses with the mouth. This child cannot believe. This child cannot confess and you cannot believe if you have not been preached to. So in the denominations they bring false witnesses and then one says I'm confessing for the child. I'm going to keep the child false witnesses. But here we want to follow what the Lord did. Amen. Amen. Mai, let us pray for Mikai. &gt;&gt; Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we dedicate Mikai into your hands. Father, the gift you've given our sister. We pray that your blessing be upon this baby. Rebuke all forces and powers of darkness come against little children. We pray heavenly father. Guardian angel may continually watch over this child. And Lord, at the time of the age of accountability, this child come to personal realization that was born in sin and shaped iniquity. He would desire to be born again. We pray that at that time heavenly father we accept the Lord Jesus as his personal savior heavenly father to be born into the kingdom of heaven. I pray for our sister here Lord. Lord that father you may give them ability this child heavenly father all that this child would need the physical needs the spiritual needs the emotional needs father that you may watch over this child and provide for that the child needs this family heavenly father in the name of the Lord Jesus Amen Amen. &gt;&gt; Mariah, let us pray for Mariah. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, let's get Mariah into your hands, praying that your blessings come upon her life. Watch over her life. Heavenly Father, deliver her from any form of evil or powers of darkness. We may give the parents ability to raise our father as a proper child. Fight for all that's needed for her welfare and living. Grant her good health, heavenly father. And at the time of accountability, may she accept the Lord Jesus as her personal savior. Lord into the kingdom of God to watch over her life every other day for the glory of your holy name. In the name of Jesus, we pray this. Amen. Amen. Whoa. Praise the name of our Lord. On Friday at sister Martha's place and then we told that this one is hard duplicate. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us pray for her. Father, we thank you for this little girl. We dedicate this girl into the hands of the Lord as you've given her as a gift to this family and brought this child back and your heavenly father. Pray your blessings and protection be upon us. divide ability Lord Jesus for the parents to raise up her father meeting all the needs that you require father growth here on earth Lord we pray also father bring the realization to the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ and accept the Lord Jesus as our personal savior precious and protector blessings be upon our Lord in the name of Jesus we Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you so much. &gt;&gt; I'll just call on sister faith if you can sing a song then we can go to the reading of the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. I sleep through the gates of hell as Peter greeted me. And one by one I met the saints. I longed so much to see. I saw my hero Steven. But before my breath could find the words, I heard them speak to me. Are you the bride of the last days? was to the worst of times when so many sleep away. He your crown. Take your place beside the throne. Christ is now your very own. This is a special chosen one. You see special choice and one you see. It was the worst of all the ages. They continue to say, "How did you live a Christian life in such a godless day?" Question of a question, my heroes gave to me. Then I heard a voice behind me whisper tenderly. This is she the bride of the last days who stood the worst of times when so many sleep away your crown. Take your place beside the throne. I am now your very own. This is a special chosen one. You see, a special choice one. is she the trials that you're facing may seem so big and tall. But when you hear a master speak, it will make it worthy. What he told you are she the bride of the last days who stood the worst of times. are so many feet away. He is your crown. Take your place beside the throne. Christ is now your very own. This is a special chosen one. You see his special joys and wine. You are she. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Are you the bride of the last day? &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; The special chosen one. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. So today we want to talk about the bride. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us stand up and have a word of prayer. Amen. Amen. Father, we thank you for this morning. How we are privileged, heavenly father. that we are the bride, the chosen one of this last day. When every evil is happening, we are people, oh God, we are the people that you've chosen to prove to Satan that even in the midst of his Eden, you have the bride. We want to thank you so much. May you therefore speak to our hearts, Father. Encourage us, strengthen us, direct us that Lord, every day we live, we may be ready for the rapture. That how we love you and how we thank you Lord in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Let us go to the book of second John chapter one. We are going to read from verse one to verse three. And our subject is the elect lady grace. Elect ready grace. The elect lady grace. Grace says, "The elder unto the elect lady and her children whom I love in the truth, and not I only, but also all they that have known the truth." Second 2 second John chapter 1 verse one. For the truth is sake which dwelleth in us and shall be with us forever. Grace be unto you. Mercy and peace from God the Father and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father in truth and love. May God sing of his word. Praise the name of our Lord. We want to talk about the elect lady grace. Praise the name of our Lord. The elect lady grace. Praise the name of our Lord. Very interesting scripture here. He says she's an elect lady and grace. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the invisible union of the bride of Christ it says in paragraph 40. May I add to this woman grace, may I place her in the Bible also is called the elect lady, Miss Grace. I'm going to talk about the Bible declares to the elect lady. If you notice elect come from the word elected lady one lady amongst all other ladies was elected. Praise the name of our Lord. You know just like when a young man is looking for a wife to marry. Praise the name of the Lord. And you know sometimes of course somebody must have the mind. What kind of wife do I want to marry? And so maybe you kind of imagine. You know sometimes from maybe your background. Some people would say maybe I want to marry a certain kind of girl kind of woman. She should be speak my language. She should be educated to this kind of lady. She maybe should be like this or like this. You kind of have a picture in your mind of the person you are thinking about. So now you interact with many you know you meet many along the way and sometimes you can think about this one then maybe after sometime you say maybe she's not the one another time another one it keeps on like that you keep on thinking praise the name of you know when you are a young a young woman and you're not married know that there are people are noticing your conduct. Amen. There are people who are looking out who are scanning you know they try to look and you know when you are ready for marriage your friends can even give you some ideas. Ah that church has got some good sisters and now with WhatsApp they can share even the photos but then there are others sisters &gt;&gt; who are fast at putting themselves on all platforms I'm here available I'm here I'm here I'm missing Then others can put that kind of I don't know what they call it kind of like love I'm looking for love and then they are just there then others can start talking on those medias and you know the way they kind of talk it's like look at me, I'm also available. Then there are those who will come and change their different fashion. Take a photo like this on the sideways in the back as you're looking at somebody at the back saying I'm available. But there are people looking at all this kind of and you know the photo can cause interest not just stop at the facial thing will go further and find the character which kind of person is this one praise the name of so it's not automatic because you've got somebody's recommendation everything is going to be okay. Now a man chooses from many. So now he sends this elected lady one lady. He speak from many praise the name of our Lord. There are many but there's only one that is elected. And the scenario of election is something that so much God is sovereign. When God desired a king in Israel, he told the prophet go in the house of Jesse. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, brother Brham says, "God keeps on unfolding his revelation." Like in the beginning, praise the name of our Lord, he talked about the woman is sick. And then now in the time of Jacob, Jacob talks about Judah holding the scepter. But then you see it didn't come there and then. You find even when Jacob was talking about that, Joseph was the lead of his brethren and Joseph got the double portion. And then from that time again Levi took the leadership through Moses and Aaron. And then when the time of Moses was over, then Joshua comes in from the tribe of Ephraim. And then you see that different judges were coming from different tribes. And then finally, Israel desired a king. And when Israel desired a king, the man who would suit their interest was Saul who was of the tribe of Benjamin. So he was made a king for 40 years. But then he wouldn't meet the requirement of God. And then God told the prophet, I've found a man who has a heart like my heart. Praise the name of our Lord. And God held the mystery to himself. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's the same thing now. But God holds the mystery to himself the same way held the mystery to himself. When he was at the well because he prayed in his heart, ALL THE PEOPLE AROUND HIM DIDN'T KNOW WHAT HE WAS UP TO. BUT YET THEY KNEW HE HAS GONE TO PICK a wife. The qualities of the wife something that was a mystery was something that was kept a secret. Praise the name of God. AND SO EVEN GOD TELLS SAMUEL, "Go into the house of Jesse." And when Samuel comes into the house of Jesse, then Jess presents the first born. The prophet was excited. OH, THE LORD IS anointed before. You know, he was a sodian of soul. And you know, AS A HUMAN BEING, you can't be biased in one way or another. You may make a decision which may not be the best. This sister looks better than this sister. This sister is more presentable. This one is more educated. This one comes from a good family background. This one I think we of the same size. This one we speak the same language and that's how man chooses using the physical stature. That's what the man can see. But the Lord rebuked the prophet and TOLD THE PROPHET, "GOD does not look at the outside, but God looks at the heart." Praise the name of Now, how about you? What do you look at? Praise the name of the Lord. The good job or what? There was a brother I'm told and then he called a certain pastor. I want to get a wife. So do you have in your church nurses and teachers? He was looking for a profession. And then the pastor told him, "If you want teachers, go to the teaching college. If you want nurses, go to the nursing training school and there are many of of them here. But what I have is the daughter of God. Praise the name of God. You know some people have a wrong kind of choice is having this kind of thing, this kind of thing. not to look for the true thing what can make somebody marry. So now the prophet was rebuked. Don't choose by what you see. And then God told the prophet, wait until I show you. Now you look at that scenario. There were many sons of Jesse, but only one was meant to be the king. Praise the name of our Lord. And there are so many sisters because you're meant to marry from the message. But not every sister in the message can be your wife. There is only one ordained of the Lord. So what do you do? Go to the Lord in prayer and be patient with the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. It may be the first year you may fail to get one. Keep on waiting. Maybe the second year somewhere first born went second born, third born until the seventh born and all the children there were over. And now it was evening. Then the prophet was asking the father, you don't have another child. There was one who was forgotten somewhere. And then he just called him. God called him. And when he just came, the spirit told the prophet, he's the one to anoint him, the choice of God. Praise the name of. And so we see in the day we are living in there so many churches, there are so many denominations. But Christ has got only one bride. Praise the name of God. ONLY ONE BRIDE OF CHRIST. &gt;&gt; And it's not about being the first one. We are the first ones. Our nomination started long time ago. We have just begun. It's not about that. &gt;&gt; It's not the firstborn sha. area but God is choice. Praise the name of So God has chosen us as the bride of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, brother Brandham says here, he says like the virgin was to bring forth the body of God on the earth. She was an elected woman. God chose Mary and also God has chosen an elected lady which is his bride. She's elected. I hope you remember that praise the name of our Lord. Then he says the illustration here showing that the relationship of the bride to Christ, the elect lady and how she was to be brought to him, where she would come from and how that she would be brought to him. The church here in an illustration that we've got in the view is illustrated by a woman which a woman is always a type of the church because the church is considered a bride. A bride. She is the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ, the son of God. But now we are talking about the elected lady. And now when we talk about the lady, think about a church of the bride. One who is going to make union with our Lord Jesus Christ. But yet there's also another bride. Satan is bride. Praise the name of Allah. There is another lady or maybe a woman. You know, a lady is more of respect. But now when you get one who dresses naked, what honor is there? What honor is there to expose your body? What honor is there to have bad morals? What honor is there to live a filthy life? You know, there is no honor to that. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, in the message, let me get it here. In the message, the Satarian church age He says &gt;&gt; now then the teaching of the Catholic Church, the church is female. It is a female. It is a woman denies the word of God. The pope who is literally Apollo in the modern version has taught the people to join themselves to idols. The Roman church has now become a false prophetist to the people because she has taken away the word of the Lord from the people and given her own ideas as to what constitutes forgiveness of sins, what brings the blessings of God. And the priests have gone so far as to state categorically that they have the power not only in this life but also in death. They teach on their own that there is a purgatory. But you can't find that in the word. They teach that prayers and masses and money will get you out of purgatory and into heaven. The whole system that is based upon its teaching is false. It is not lie on the sure foundation of the revelation of God in his word. But lies on the sifting sinking sands of its own diabolic untruth. The church went right from organization to domination and hence to false teaching that is right. The Roman Catholics don't believe that God is in his word. No sir, if they did, they would have to repent and back up. But they say God is in his church. That would make the Bible the history of the Catholic church. It isn't. So look what they did to water baptism alone. They took it away from being Christian baptism and made it a pagan of titles. Now we are seeing this condition of the church called mystery Babylon. You know, it just started on its own kind of ideas. And then we find in the book of revelation in revelations chapter 17. And then the Bible says in verse one, "And there came one of the seven angels which had seven vials and talked with me, saying unto me, come he will show unto thee the judgment of the great war that sits upon many waters. Now, so the religious system here is called the great war. And now this great war, the Bible says, she is the mother of her lot. Just like Jezebel when she brought idolatry in Israel and she was married to the king. She brought all filthness. She brought all immorality. She brought all idol worship. She brought all witchcraft. Praise the name of our Lord. And she would seduce When came the Bible says she painted herself. So the painting, the spirit behind painting is it seduce red lips here as if they have drunk blood, &gt;&gt; black lips, &gt;&gt; green lips, green. &gt;&gt; Green. &gt;&gt; Then the eyebrows. &gt;&gt; Then the face. And then when people are having their weddings, you find they have put I don't know whether they they used to call it copper girl those days. I don't know what they call it. Put some layers of new skin here. And then you find just like an artistic face. Some yellow here. Which am I looking at? painted Jezebel to seduce. And then there are those who now to use their nails and they now to disguise the color, but it's the same spirit. They put on silver. Silver just shines. It's the same spirit of painting. There is somebody came with black nails. Then I was asking her what has happened to your nails said you know we were playing a drama drama act at school said drama act and then they are permanently then I was asking another person then I was asking another person when you go to election they give you a Does that ink stick there forever? And then I saw the nails of the toes were also painted. Spirits and so you find the devil just anoint somebody and then they start doing things they don't know. Become another Jezebel. But you see that Jezebel had daughters, she and her daughters, wherever kingdom they went, they brought the kingdom down. So even the Bible says here that this church system, she's a mother of her lot. In other words, other religions have gone out and he has taught them how to rebel against the word of God. SO NOW GOD sends a messenger to call the PEOPLE TO COME OUT OF BABYLON said Babylon is fallen. She's fallen. She's full of wickedness. She's full of immorality. She's full of blood. Come out over my people. But now you look at this mystery. Babylon the war. What she claims to be in Revelations 18. The Bible says now this is her claim. Revelations 18:E4. And I heard another voice from heaven saying, "Come out of her, my people, that you be not partakers of our sins, that you receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God has remembered her iniquities. Reward her even as she has rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works, in the cup which she has filled to her double. How much she has glorified herself and lived deliciously. So much torment and sorrow give her. For she says in her heart, "I see it as a queen. I'm no widow." And she has seen no sorrow. Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death and mourning and famine, and she shall be utterly burned with fire. For strong is the Lord God who judges her. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Bible says she glorifies herself and then she says I am a queen. I'm the wife of the king. I'm the queen of heaven and I am no widow. What is her confession? She says, "I have a husband." But who is the husband? Who is her influencer? Who is her ruler? Who is her Lord? So her character reflects who her Lord is. Praise the name of our Lord. Her character identifies her of who rules in her. Praise the name of OUR LORD. SO NOW THAT means she is the bride of Satan. She's influenced by Satan. She's used by Satan. She has rejected the leadership of God. So now in the message the church age he says and that weakness in her allowed Satan to seduce her by the way of the serpent and brought the woman to a very popular peculiar position. before God and his word. He is the type of all things vulgar, foul, loosome on the hand. And on the other hand, she is the type of all things clean and beautiful and holy as the receptacle of the spirit and blessings of God. Now he's comparing two kinds of women. He's comparing two kinds of bride. And you know in the nature here there is a woman who is pure, good character, decently dressed, faithful to her marriage vote, obedient to her husband, raising her children well. But yet THERE IS ALSO ANOTHER woman who is lives like a prostitute. She's a prostitute. You know she gives her body to anybody. She doesn't care how she dresses. She doesn't care her conduct. She doesn't care how she's raising her children. She doesn't care her morals. very immoral you know. So there is one &gt;&gt; WHO IS SO TERRIBLE and then there is another one WHO IS AGAIN SO YOU know exalted before the Lord. THE other one is of the devil. Then the other one IS OF GOD. THE OTHER ONE IS INFLUENCED BY SATAN. THE OTHER one is influenced by God. SO HE'S TALKING ABOUT TWO KINDS OF WOMEN HERE. ONE WHO IS just so vulgar. You know the Bible talks about a man choosing a wife. And if you have a wife, all the time she's against you or after you. The Bible says you would rather be on the rooftop. When you come in the house, no peace, no peace. This one here, any small mistake. Before you finish the sense of power, pick up the word here. Where have you been? Who is that person? There are those. But we shouldn't have our houses like that. Let us not put our houses on fire. You put them on fire until a brother would want I wish I would go away. Praise the name of Lord. Now let me bring this especially sisters who are married. Find out why doesn't your husband like being with you. Just find out. If there is any assignment far away, that's happiness. God has given me some relief today when he's going far. Find out yourself if you're not the problem where the husband is happy to be far away. find out where is my responsibility in this issue because the Bible says it's not good for a man to be alone by by the time a man is married and then he says I'm better off when I'm alone there is a problem the name of yeah we need to find out the same thing with the husband why Is my wife telling me I'm looking for a job in the other place? Not being near her family. There's a problem. So you try to find out as a husband, what is my contribution to dismiss? Praise the name of our Lord. So then he says she is the type of all thing vulgar fall and lossome but then on the side of God you know she's actually very clean beautiful and holy and recept receptacle of the spirit and the blessings of God. And on one hand is called the wall who is drunk with the wine of her fornication. On the other hand, she is called the bride of Christ. On one hand, she's called the mystery Babylon. the abomination before God. On the other hand, she's called the new Jerusalem. our mother. Mama wife on the other hand she is called she on the one she's called so full and wicked and she's sarcast in the lake of fire as the only place fit for her. And on the other hand, she's exalted to the heaven, sharing the very throne of God and the only place befeitting such a queen and this Sataran church age. She is a dominating female. She is the mystery Babylon. She is the great war. She is Jezebel, &gt;&gt; the false prophetess. Why? Because the true female is submissive to God. Christ is her head. She has no word but his no thoughts but his no leadership but his. But what about this church? She has cast out the word. She has destroyed the Bibles and worth essence of godly. has slain those who would preach the truth. She has taken over kings, princes and nations armies and insist that she is the true body of Christ and her popes are vicers of Christ. She is entirely seduced by devil until she's in turn has become the seducer of others. She is the bride of Satan and has produced his bastard child religions. This is the time we're living in. Praise the name of our Lord. The bride of Christ and the bride of Satan. We've read in Revelations chapter 18 and mystery Babylon the great WAR SAYS I'm a queen I have a king I have a husband I'm no widow who is a husband Satan when people reject the word of God then they get the leadership of Satan and that's the same thing also with our lives. WHEN YOU PUT THE word of God aside and you are believing a lie and lies, the father of lies is the devil. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. But now we are the bride of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. God has chosen us to be the bride of Jesus Christ. And it is by election. Praise the name of our Lord. IT'S BY THE GRACE of God that the Lord has chosen us. The Lord has called us to be his own. It's not our ability, but is the election of God. Praise the NAME OF OUR LORD. NOW, ARE WE THE BRIDE OF JESUS CHRIST? Praise the name of our Lord. So John was writing to the elect lady and then brother Brandham calls the elect lady grace. Praise the name of our Lord. AND THEN THE BIBLE SAYS WHEN CHRIST CAME, he was full of truth and full of grace. And what was in Christ, he put it in his body. SO THEN THE CHURCH OF CHRIST BECOMES the embodiment of the truth and grace. Praise the name of our Lord. SO SHE'S CALLED TRUTH. She's called grace because grace resides within resides within. Praise the name of her. When Jesus was standing before Pilate AND THEN PILATE WAS ASKING JESUS, "What is truth?" And truth was standing before. And this is what the Lord HAS CALLED US. PRAISE THE NAME OF OUR LORD THAT YOU CAN BEAR a record of truth. Praise the name OF OUR LORD. YOUR VERY LIFE should reflect the word OF THE LORD. YOUR VERY TESTIMONY. THE WORDS THAT YOU SPEAK, FIND out the words that you speak. YOU KNOW, WE ARE LIVING in an age of deception until people don't mean what they say. And he can put you on the wall over something, but what is a choosing you is what he always does. That's the devil. They are choose of brethren. &gt;&gt; He always goes this and this and this. Praise the name of our Lord. And now if you are the kind of person who likes reporting other people's mistakes, how about your mistakes? Why don't you tell that person you are telling I have this weakness. Confess your faults one to another nots brother. Pray for me. I have this weakness. I have the other. &gt;&gt; Pray with me. Praise the name of the Lord. So we are living in an age of deception. where the Bible says the truth has fallen on the streets. &gt;&gt; They left it on the streets. It is something else that's moving the people. Praise the name of our Lord. But we need to be that elect lady, the the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ who has been born again. God has chosen her. And now when God has chosen her, she's delighted to be the choice of God. So she wants reflect the image of her husband. She doesn't want to be like Vashit Vet WAS THE QUEEN VERY BEAUTIFUL WHO LOOK what now the king had made feasts now on the seventh day he wanted the glory of the queen to be displayed and you know the Bible says the hair of the woman is her glory And the woman is the glory of the husband. Praise the name of our Lord. So the king wanted the discipline of his glory. &gt;&gt; And the Bible says he was drunk. And then she said, "How could you go this drunk man?" And wine. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord, the stimulation of revelation. Praise the name of God. She didn't want a further revelation of the husband. She didn't want a further you know unfolding of the husband. So now like now we could talk about Luther. They got the revelation of the just shall live by faith and then they stopped at that. They didn't want to go further. They never wanted to go further into a further stimulation. They never wanted to go into a further revelation unfolding of the word. So they rejected him. Then now he got Wesley and then he brought sanctification, a further revelation of the word. And then Wesley, he didn't want to go further than that. He brought now restoration of gifts. And then our brothers, the Pentecostals, they just stop at those things. Gifts, gifts, gifts, gifts, gifts, gifts, gifts, and that's what they fall all the time. But when you meet Christ, he keeps on revealing himself to you. And that should always be our desire. I have come to church today. Praise the name of our Lord. Why don't you come for a further revelation of Christ, a further knowledge of Christ on Wednesday, praise the name of our Lord now to brothers and sisters don't want to come on Wednesday. What holds you back? What hinders you? Praise the name of the Lord. You are refusing a further revelation to know him better to be helped to overcome your weaknesses. Praise the name of our Lord. You only want to be a religious person on Sunday. Sunday, I'm always there. How about Wednesday? I'm too busy first. Excuse me. I have the other business. &gt;&gt; I have you know &gt;&gt; she had got fellow women and these days there are many women groups on villages and sometimes they sit on this morning, Friday morning. Saturday morning and then sometimes Sunday afternoon I had to be in the not class. We were sharing money and the year is coming to an end refusing a further revelation of the word. Now today we have the Lord's supper. I'm too busy. But then Christ saying, "Why don't you come and commune with me? I have a better program." So you find yourself you are failing in your personal life because you have not allowed Christ to take charge over your life to be the Lord of your life. Praise the name of our Lord. You know when you hear Christ is coming it should excite you. I'm going to interact with him. I'm going to have fellowship with you. So then YOU FIND YOURSELF LORD I want to be here. Let us not be like Adam and Eve. When the Lord came in the cool of the day you don't find Adam in the use of place. Then he called ADAM where are you? Ah, we heard your voice walking in the garden and we hid ourselves. We went in in in the organizations business. We went in businesses. There's a problem. You know, if you come in touch with Christ, you don't want to leave him. You just say Lord I want to spend all my time until when you if service like one once in a while or whenever the Lord comes you find the service is over but you don't want to leave church you just feel you need to be there fellowship communion what friendship with Christ Whenas and HIS FRIENDS IN THEIR troubles when they found Christ they didn't know that he was Christ they didn't know that he was Christ they started walking with him and then he was talking to them laws songs prophets and then you know the BIBLE SAYS THE TIME HAD GONE AND THERE WAS A JUNCTION. And when they reached that junction, it was as if he's going this way. WHAT DID THEY DO? They constrained him. Don't leave us. Don't leave us. When you meet Christ, something in you just feels like, "Oh, God, don't leave me." But then here Christ is the one who has said I want to be around in fellowship in the afternoon service. I want to be around in fellowship in the Lord's community. I want to be around in fellowship in the footship. Do you know Jesus for me? I gave you Saturday Sunday morning only. you get others who are idle to be present. &gt;&gt; That was not and you know they insisted on knowing him further and the Bible says they sed him. They had not yet known him something in them. SPEAK MORE LORD SPEAK. I WANT TO HEAR THIS. WANT TO HEAR THINGS. Praise the name of God. LIKE THE GENTILES IN ACTS chapter 13 when they came to the synagogue and then they had pop preaching at Barabas, the time had gone now and they said, "Oh, we want to come back the next Sabbath. Hear these words. Praise the name of OUR LORD." THEN THE BIBLE SAID that the people praise the name of our Lord. I'm just forgetting the name of the place. The people in Bela when they heard the word, oh, they went home and then they started checking. What was he preaching to them? Where was he teaching? Where was this? How about us? We come to church. No notes. You're just there. It's just like a news conference. Things will get when we get new. &gt;&gt; You need to write something when you come to church. Praise the name of our Lord. Have something to write. I was almost asking my daughter. I almost I didn't ask her. Where is your notebook? I didn't ask anyway. When you come to church, why are you keeping your notes? Praise the name of the Lord. And the Bible says, I went back home and started searching these things, whether these things be so. Where do we find this? He quoted in the message quote. Where is that quote? He read this scripture he talked about. Where is that quote? That means there's something IN YOU KEEP ON burning and say I want to COME BACK AGAIN AND I want to hear more of the Lord. speak to me. SPEAK TO ME. AND THEN THE BIBLE SAYS, when you look at these two scenarios, these people of Berea in Acts chapter 17, praise the name of the Lord. It's good you've got it there. Acts chapter 17 and verse 11. And these were more noble than in Thessalonica. Let us go back verse 10. &gt;&gt; And the brethren immediately sent a sireus by the night and of the Jews. The Bible says the people in Bair were more noble than those of Cessonica. What is our testimony now? Praise the name of our Lord. Can we say like my brother here Joshua? Can I say you are better? Praise the name of our Lord. The Bible says they were better. What made them better? The Bible says they received the word with the readiness of mind and they didn't leave it at church. But they went back and searched the scriptures. How often daily praise the name of our Lord whether those things were so now we are living in an age of deception terrible deception. Praise the name of our Lord that you need yourself to go back to the books yourself go back and read these things. It's not enough for you to hear a quote. It's not a just enough for you to hear one scripture. GO BACK and read the thing. Read the background. LIKE ON WEDNESDAY WHEN WE'RE HERE IN THE SERVICE, you know, we're giving AN ILLUSTRATION THAT YOU KNOW THE BIBLE AND EVEN THE MESSAGE THE WAY IT is preached. Praise the name of our Lord, you must be able to take time and read through the whole thing to know what he's talking about. Otherwise, you may land on the scripture. Praise the name of our Lord. Let me give you an illustration. Praise the name of our Lord. I want us to go in the scriptures here in the book of Luke. And then we read in just beg your pardon. Luke chapter 8 &gt;&gt; and then verse 41 the Bible says and behold there came a man named Jarius and he was the ruler of the synagogue and fell down at Jesus's feet and besought him that he would come into his house. For he had only one daughter about 12 years of age, and she let die. But he went But he went the but as he went the people thronged him. Now you see the story starts and it stops there and now when he does that another story comes in the woman with a blood issue So he start wondering this man Jarius what happened to his daughter the only daughter who was dying because it hurts you oh this man was losing his daughter we had already pray to God he prayed to God first now see God has not yet answered him is going another person. Praise the name of Lord. &gt;&gt; So then if you don't continue reading and then you stop at that I don't know what happened to Jaras. God I don't know. And now you read the message one quote and you go with that. Read further than that. You pick only one scripture go with that. read further than that. Let us learn to be people who study the word of God. Take time read the Bible. Take time read the message. Praise the name of our Lord. Otherwise, you'll end up with people's conclusions. Then that becomes your quote also. No. Praise the name of our Lord. Go and read the things. Go and study. Where does it come from? &gt;&gt; How does it end? That's how you need to know. How does the story go? You know the Bible is written. It starts on this issue. Stops in the middle. It starts on something else. It continues. maybe brings to conclusion again comes back to the other side and then he bring maybe another one. Now if you are not patient to read the whole way you're going to be confused. We need to study the word of God. Let us be like those people of Bair. You've only heard one scripture in church. Go back read more ABOUT IT. OH LORD, I'VE heard about Jezebel. How am I raising my children? Lord, I've heard about Jezebel. How am I as a wife? Lord, about how am I as a husband? What are my contribution to the kingdom of God? So now the Bible says those people of Bela they were doing well. Now see how how good it came out to be in Acts chapter 17. And then in verse 12 therefore many of them believed also of honorable women which were Greeks and of men not a few. Now when you take that word, you desire father communion, the more you commune with him is the more he transforms your life is the more he helps you overcome your weaknesses. You find this spirit has gone away. You find the other spirit has gone away. Why? Because more light is coming in you. And as more light comes into you, darkness also goes away. And this is what we should always desire. Lord, I desire closer walk with you. Lord, I desire closer walk with you. In Acts chapter 13, the Bible says in verse 48, "And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad and glorified the word of the Lord. As many as were ordained to eternal life, they lived. And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region. Praise the name of the Lord. You need to desire a father communion with Christ, husband and wife. Praise the name of our Lord. If you in true relationship or in a true marriage, you'll always desire to be with one another. You'll always when one is away, you feel you miss. You just want to be close to one another close walk. If you even eating something, you remember I wish my husband would eat this. I wish my wife would eat this. That's the same thing with Christ and his bride. IS THAT CHRIST WHO DESIRE to feed the bride AND AS THE BRIDE I DESIRE TO COMMUNE with Christ why would you want to be like a widow because a widow doesn't have a man praise the name of our Lord let us not be like she was deserting the husband deserting the husband Those should be happening to the other immoral woman mystery Babylon. They have deserted the word of God. They don't want to have communion with Christ. They don't want his word. They don't want his spirit. They want other things. But as the elect lady, praise the name of the Lord. YOUR THE WORD OF THE LORD SHOULD ALWAYS BE YOUR desire like WHEN PETER SAID WHEN JESUS TOLD them would you also go say to whom shall we go praise the name of our lord that's a true wife that's a true bride there is nowhere else we came away from our parents we left at denomination. We are here to meet Christ. Praise the name of God. THAT SHOULD BE YOUR DESIRE. IF YOU DON'T BEHAVE the way you are behaving those days, whether you come to church, whether you don't cares that was those days when you are in the denomination, you know they don't care. The time they are timing is Christmas. So they are painting the churches, changing everything, choirs are singing, Christmas carols, Christmas and then now everything is being set until when the people are coming in the church. How was this one dressed? And when the the priest is preaching and then there are some ladies who just want to be real sin. So the door is the other side and then you know people with iPhones they always like going to the mirror. And then they they put it there so that you can't see that. Sure. This one is holding an iPhone. She makes a selfie. iPhone. So this one comes with some iPhone. Maybe they they call they make a call. Want to show the phone. Then other start looking at her. Hey, is this much money? earrings are this much money, the handbag, the clothing, the shoes. Sure, but we have left those things. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. When we come here, we come to meet Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Just here we can have that interaction with Christ. Not what I have, not what I am. You know when we come to church, like when they were invited for the wedding service, there was a man at the entrance. He would give them the same role. Whether you are poor or you are rich, educated, not educated, you live in the village, you live in the town, all are given the same role. And when we come to Christ, he gives us the same robe. The Holy Spirit, righteousness, and that should be our desire. Lord, I want more of you. Praise the name of God. Why? because we are his bride should always make us happy to hear the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message church age he says how can you tell the spirits apart? Give them the word test. That should be the same thing. Whose husband are you? Praise the name of our Lord. Whose whose wife are you? Whose spirit have you taken? &gt;&gt; The spirit of Christ or the spirit of the devil. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. If you the bride of Christ, you have the spirit of Christ. SO THE SPIRIT OF Christ speaks to you not once, not twice, keeps on speaking to you. Even when you at home, the spirit speaks. When you're at your place of work, the spirit speaks. You don't limit the spirit speaking to you because the spirit dwells within you. And when THE SPIRIT IS SPEAKING to us, THE SPIRIT SPEAKS the word of God, praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, if they don't speak that word, they are of the evil one. &gt;&gt; As the evil one, deceived the first two brides. If we will try to deceive the bride of this last day by trying to get her to hybridize herself through crates or just plainly turning from the word and to any sign that suits her. God never placed signs ahead of the word. Now you know the Bible says these signs shall follow them. So we don't follow signs. We follow the word then the signs happen. Praise the name of our LORD BECAUSE THE BIBLE say that in the last days, the days that were living, Mark 24:4, many false prophets shall come, many false Christ shall come and they will be used of the Holy Spirit, but yet they are false. That's what the brother, brother Brennham preaches, the anointed ones at the end time. THE HOLY SPIRIT is the one doing the healing of the people. The Holy Spirit is the one prophesying. But this man is false. So you may follow what he says and you end up in destruction. So he says we don't follow signs. Then he says, "But God never placed signs ahead of the word. Signs follow the word as when Elijah told the woman to bake a cake for him first according to the word of the Lord." When she did as the word said, the proper sign came, come to the word first and then watch the miracle. The seed word is energized by the spirit. How can any messenger sent from God, how can any messenger sent from God believe only a part of the word and deny the other? The true prophet of God in this last days will proclaim the whole world. Denominations will hate him. His words may be as harsh as John the Baptist who called them vipers, but the predestinated will hear and be ready for the rapture. The royal seed of Abraham with like faith as Abraham will hold to the word with him for they are predestinated together. The last day messenger will appear in God's appointed time. It's the end time now. We all know for Israel is in her homeland. Any time now, he will come according to Malachi. When we see him, he will be dedicated to the world. He will be he will be indicated pointed out in the word revelations 10:7 and God will vindicate his ministry. He will preach the truth as did Elijah and be ready for Mount Zion shut down. Many will misunderstand him because they have been taught scripture in a certain way which they consider the truth. When he comes against that, they will not believe. Even some true ministers will misunderstand the messenger because so much has been called God's truth by deceivers. But this prophet will come and the for as the forerunner of the first coming cried behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world. So even he will no doubt cry out behold the lamb of God coming in glory. He will do this for even as John was the messenger of the truth to the elect. So this one the last messenger to the elect and the word born bride. Praise the name of our Lord. So God has sent us a messenger, a prophet in our generation with the word of God. Praise the name of our LORD THAT CALLS OUT OF organized religion and then he calls us that we can unite with the Lord Jesus in an invisible union that Christ can be formed in you. Praise the name of our Lord. Just like Paul when he was telling the church of Corinthians in 2 Corinthians chapter 11 and then verse two he says I am jealous over you with godly jealousy for I have espoused you to one husband that I may present you as a chest virgin to Christ. He says, "I've espoused you to Christ." There is only one husband. So, we need to hear Christ. He is our husband. Now, as a chest virgin, you only desire the seed of Christ, not another man's seed, not the devil's seed, not denominational seed, not the seed of science and the seed of God only. And the seed of God now HAS COME BY THE TRUE message of the earth. So you should take time, read this message book, hear them, praise the name OF OUR LORD, LOOK AT THE TIME YOU SPEND ON social media, &gt;&gt; on Twitter, Twitter, &gt;&gt; WhatsApp, WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram and all of them. Find how much time you spend on the things. How much time do you spend &gt;&gt; with Christ reading his word that you may know the mind of God for your life that you may know the season that we are living HOW MUCH TIME YOU LOOK AT Daniel was a prophet BUT EVEN DANIEL BEING A PROPHET A VERY BUSY man vice president vice president Now he says &gt;&gt; I understood by books and for you understand Facebook there is this can you think the other pastor knows how to preach. Have you heard of him? You go on Tik Tok they have they have crooked it &gt;&gt; then that gets in your mind another gets in your mind why don't you listen to the prophet those times go back and listen to the prophet these differences we have in the message are because people are misinterpreted one will come with this quote And when you look for it, you'll find it. Then you find your thinking starts changing. We went the other churches. Be careful. Too cold. And when you come start saying what now you see everything we are dying it's you is dying. Praise the name of the word. Praise the name of our Lord brings life. But somebody doesn't want to hear the word. And you know the devil is so smart. You know in the 70s and the 80s they used to call you they used to call local churches churches. And now when they saw that the youth are going to those churches of let us bring machines in the church. The youth are leaving us and so they started following the bandwagon. Now they start entertainment everything. Hey we are also there. But the thing is what is taught in that church because that's where the life is if the word is not given priority there is death there. So we NEED TO TAKE TIME GO and listen to the prophet go and hear the message of the earth. We have many message books. Take a book. Ensure that a week you're reading a message book. Let us say amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. The things are not new. We are just giving emphasis for your good. Go and take that message book. Start reading from the very beginning. Good evening friends. How are you? Then you hear you know the the testimony and sometimes when you're hearing that testimony it could be the problem you have at your house. Oh God you heal this child say Lord you can do the same thing. You know your faith is built. Lord help my daughter, my son. Lord help my mother. Lord help my father. Lord help my my neighbor. There's something that has moved you. Then you continue reading and you read another eight. This is the thing at a place of work. We had this challenge. Even this had the same challenge. This is what you do. You know you are learning. You're not going by only one quote, but you're getting a whole course menu from the beginning to the end. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us have that back. Praise the name of our Lord. Have your message book. Read it or listen to the text. MAYBE YOU'RE DRIVING. PUT ON THE VOICE OF THE PROPHET. listen to the message you are seated there. You know like when we go out in the mission field I always encourage those mas those who cannot read that get this book. You get a student who is learn one of those children. You tell them to come and read for you. sit down. There's something you're going to learn. Praise the name of our Lord. How about us now? All your eyes are focusing on the wrong focus. Wrong focus. And at the end of the day, you have wrong things in your mind. And you think wrong and you speak wrong and you do wrong. &gt;&gt; I don't know why my home is not. I don't know why my life. What do you feed on? Praise the name of what do you feed on? &gt;&gt; What do you spend most of your time? So he says, I've espoused you as a chest virgin. to one husband even Christ. But I fear lest by enemies the servant as begile if through his subility. So your minds should be corrupted. What corrupts your mind? What defiles your mind? anything contrary to the word of God. So what should I do? LET ME GET BACK TO THE WORD. Christ is the groom. The word and as the elect lady, the bride of Christ, I have to be in continuous love with the word of God. Read the message books. Hear the voice. And when you read and hear the voice, be obedient to the word. Praise the name of our Lord. Be obedient. Don't despise it, but take it as my word, the word of God. I love the word of God. So, it gives you joy. It gives you peace. Praise the name of our Lord. That should be your desire. I KNOW THE BIBLE SAYS WE SHOULDN'T BE only hearers, but we should be doers of the word. Praise the name of our Lord. Let that word be manifested in my life. Let that word be manifested in my heart. Let that word BE MANIFESTED EVEN AT MY PLACE OF WORK. EVEN WHEN I'VE NOT TOLD THE PERSON I'M SAFE, BUT WHEN THEY LOOK AT YOU as a human, you must be saved. The word is putting on flesh. And when the rapture is to take place, praise the name of Lord, the rapture is not going to take Bibles. The rapture is not going to take message books. But to qualify for the rapture, YOU get the message of the hour. Let it be a living reality in your life. And then it gives you the power to be part of the rapture. Praise the name of Lord. That's what is going to happen. So are you preparing yourself? Praise the name of our Lord. How much have you put inside? Are you really feeding? We need to be like the people of Bair, daily waiting on the Lord, daily reading the word. And the Bible says, God would come daily. God would come daily, a communion, a time of fellowship. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, you have your own husband. Praise the name of our Lord. There are no you know when you come from those polygamous families every wife has the time for the wife. But this time it's only you as the wife and only one husband. continuous communion. But now what's happening? You get this woman here. She doesn't have only one husband. You know, if I waste too much time on the word, we shall eat shall eat. I've given you a turn of Sunday. &gt;&gt; Monday, don't tell me about God. &gt;&gt; I have another husband. Tuesday then on Wednesday, okay, maybe let me call him. We shouldn't do like that. Supposing comes on Monday. Praise the name of our Lord. Supposing he comes on Monday, you're going to be left behind and you know the tribulation period is not a pleasant time to be on earth. Praise the name of our Lord. So we better make our preparations ready. Make sure you are born again. Make sure you have the life of Jesus Christ. Make sure you're living the life of Jesus. Praise the name of our Lord. I'm not going to continue. We shall continue in the afternoon on this same subject. May God bless you. Amen. Let us sing that song Grace. Grace as the song leader comes. We shall continue with the same subject in the afternoon. Marvelous grace of our loving. Let us stand up. far to end. &gt;&gt; Marvelous grace of our loving Lord. Grace that exceeds our sins and our guil on Calary's bount where the blood of the lamb was. Oh grace grace, God's grace, grace that will part and bless with thee. Grace God is greater than all I see. See that spell like the sea was born in the soul divine lord gra is gest and he points to the refu in his grace great Praise God. It is grace. Gra it is gra the praise that is ger has seen the dark is the stone we can hide who I can't afraid. Praise God. All is praising my All the final is really strong to all who believe that I longing to see when you moment. Make it in his place. Praise God. It is praise my daughter. It is great. Praise God. Great. The grad is great. It is grace grace God. It is grace grace the tail part on it is grace gra great great great great grace go the grace that is gather it is grace grace god it is grace grace the dear Adonai. It is grace. Grace, grace. God, grace that is gater than all loving heavenly father. We thank you for that grace. We thank you for the marvelous grace. Heavenly Father, Lord, if it wasn't because of that grace, Lord, where would I be by this moment? Father, where could we be loving Jesus this moment, Lord, on this weekend, Father, loving Master? We cannot even predict, Lord. But father here comes us all to appreciate you master and exalt you Jesus Lord our heavenly father your grace has brought us all this far and your grace is in control of our lives father we still live and depend on the same grace lord for the journey ahead of us father it is the grace that you pardon it is grace that will cleanse us father to stand as white as snow in your presence it is the grace Yes, heavenly father for us to serve you Jesus without your grace heavenly master we cannot serve you Jesus we cannot be positioned heavenly father to serve you as our all in all as the king of kings father and lord we still claim for more your grace heavenly father in our lives we still claim for more your great father in our families lord we still crave heavenly father for of your grace. Loving Jesus. Oh father in our ministry and father we are leaning above the heavenly father it is a grace to serve you Lord. It is grace for us to still stand and confess you as our Lord and Savior. It is a grace heavenly father. Oh for us to stand in your presence as victors in Jesus's mighty Lord. It is grace heavenly father to still keep press on heavenly father. Lord without that grace heavenly father we cannot make it Jesus. But this moment heaven father lord we call upon thee heaven father we call upon thy grace heavenly master in the name of our lord Jesus Christ. Lord that have thine own way in our lives father. Lord we thank you Jesus for the amazing grace. Heavenly Father, oh how sweet is that sound, that grace that picked us out on that mighty grave. The grace that formed us, Father, in those few things, Lord, the grace that formed us unworthy and made us be the bride of Christ. We thank you, Jesus, for that amazing grace, Lord. We exalt your name, heavenly father. We lift you above everything heavenly master and loving Jesus. Lord in the lives of the believers Lord we still call upon thy grace Lord to be sufficient father. Let the grace of God be sufficient in the lives. SO THE BELIEVERS IN THE FAMILY ZONE THE believers Lord in whatever thing we do heavenly father as your children as your bride. We pray heavenly father for your grace to be sufficient heavenly master. Lord have mercy upon us Lord. have thine own way in our lives. Father, in this end time, loving Jesus, where we have a lot of trials, Lord, where we have a lot of troubles, Father, where there are so many evil things, Lord, going forth, Father, loving Master, without your grace, Lord, we cannot make it. Jesus, we are trusting you, Father. We are leaning on thee father and depending on thee Jesus ye who study good work in us father you're more than able to accomplish father give us a grace heavenly master to overcome all these pain lord overcome whatever comes along ways master that lord one of the master is someone out here you say and as well done my good and faithful servant it is not because of my own lord Lord Jesus, have thine own way. Have mercy upon us. Father, we thank you for your grace in Jesus's name. My life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself. I give myself to you. My life is not my own. My life is not my own. Lord, to you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. My life is not my own. My Lord, all my life is not my own. Lord, to you I belong. I gave myself I gave myself to you. Lord, I give myself away. Oh, I gave myself away. So you can you Oh Lord, I give myself away. Oh Lord, I give myself away. Oh yeah. Lord, I give myself I give myself away. Oh Lord, I give myself away so you can use me. Shall we give God a hand of praise this moment? Amen. Amen. Yeah. God bless you. We've come to the end of the first service. Let's all be here by 3 for the afternoon service. Amen. Amen. God bless you as you go for lunch break. I give myself away, Lord. I give myself away. So you can you Oh, Lord. I give myself away.
