################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-30 - A Holy Man's Taste - Bro. Dieu-Aime - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-30
Title:   A Holy Man's Taste - Bro. Dieu-Aime
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tcJxu5pR54
========================================

got a lot of noise and that's all there is. And I thought he was barking at me, but I happened to find out down in the storm coming through, a great big eagle had been forced down and he was uh down under this uh blow down here and I seen he coming out. I thought, well now here, Lord, what'd you place that before me for? Right when I'm shouting and having a great time here, I thought, what what's this eagle doing here? What? If you look anywhere, you can see God. You can just see him anywhere. And I I thought now what's godly about that eagle because he's a scavenger and oh he's a bad guy. And I thought what what godly would be about that thing? And the first thing you know he moved out jumped up on the limb like that. He looked over that little squirrel sitting there just like he go tearing to pieces. He looked back over to me and I thought well now this is a position now Lord. Where are you at in that that scene? Everywhere you look you can see God. I thought there's a little old pine squirrel that runs all the game out of the woods and he's no good. And here sets a little old a big old eagle here who if you kill a deer and leave him lay there, the eagle eat him up overnight if he could. And what he's just as mean as he can be. I thought, where could you be in this scene? I said, you're everywhere, old now. Where could I see why God put that scene before me? And I looked again and I happened to notice that eagle had bravery. It wasn't scared. No matter what I do or what anything, it was brave. And I thought, that's it, God. You don't want cowards. God wants men and women who's got a backbone instead of a wishbone. &gt;&gt; When God says anything, we believe it. &gt;&gt; That's all that settles it. If God said so, that makes it true. Is that right? &gt;&gt; That makes it true. &gt;&gt; All right. Now, said there you are, Lord. You want somebody that'll really know what they're talking about, is ready to stand for what's truth. A lot of people say, "I accept my healing. I believe Jesus heals." All right. And the first little cramp hits you, you're ready to give up. Oh my. And you go and say, "I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost." And shout and dance in the church. And when you come to meet some critic out there on the street, you're as silent as a church mouse. That's right. Oh, brother, don't hold your peace. Scream out. &gt;&gt; Amen. Then take your head, be like John the Baptist. That's right. Stand for what's truth. &gt;&gt; And there I looked at that old eagle. I thought, "What makes you so brave?" I said, "Do you know I could shoot you if I wanted to?" And he great big gray looking eyes looked over at me. He wasn't scared of me. I thought, "I'm sure you're not scared of that squirrel." And uh I thought, "Well, I said I grabbed my rifle. I said, "I can shoot you." I noticed him. He jumped, looked at me again. But I thought, "Well, what makes him so brave? How is that fellow so brave? I don't understand that." But I happened to notice here's what was making him brave. I seen him moving his wings like this, feeling his wings as if his wings was in good condition. I said, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Someone said not long ago, "Brother Bram, aren't you afraid on that platform that you'll make a mistake and tell somebody the wrong thing?" Oh, no. Not as long as I can feel him with me. That's right. As long as he's there, everything's okay. That's That's all right. As long as he's there, the boat's in control. And I watch him moving his wings. I thought, "Well, say he he'd look up all time, look and see how far that timber line was up there in that timber." He knew if he ever got in that timber, I'd never seen him under the sights of that rifle. So he's sitting there looking at me just having a big time. He looked at me and then he looked over at that squirrel. He looked at me like that. I said I said, "Well, if this isn't amazing." After a while, he got tired of that little old chur of the pine squirrel. So he just give one big bounce like that. Flopped his wings about twice and he was pumped through that timber. He never flopped his wings one more time. He just set his wings and he knowed how to ride them air waves that was coming down. Boy, he just went up every time. He didn't flop flop flop trying to get up. He just set his wings right and rode right on all those waves and went on on till I couldn't even see a spot of him no more. He went plum out of sight leaving this little earthbound chatter chatter chatter chatter that I thought hallelujah. I dropped my rifle around around a tree. again. That's it, Lord. That's it. Let me know how to set my way. [Music] [Music] Praise God. Amen. Amen. Can we be upstanding tonight? Amen. Amen. Amen. We bless the name of the Lord tonight. We just want to ask the Lord to take preeminence and ask the spirit to take over tonight. Let us pray. Father, in the name of Jesus, we are grateful to be in your presence, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we thank you for our lives. We thank you for your goodness. We thank you for your mercies, Lord. We thank you for your grace, Lord Jesus. We thank you for the abundance, oh God. You always provide for us, Lord. We just want to give you all the glory tonight, Lord. Father, it has been by your spirit that we are alive today. Lord, it's been by your mercies. Lord, we thank you, Lord Jesus, for providing, Lord. We thank you, God, for each day of our lives, Lord. We thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we thank you for healing, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for your compassion, Lord Jesus. Oh God, your mercies, Lord. Father God, this moment, Lord, we asking, Lord, may your spirit take absolute control, God. We've come before your presence once again, Lord Jesus. Expectant, Lord Jesus, to hear from you, oh God. We an expectation, Lord Jesus. Oh God, to see your move amongst our mids tonight, Lord. And we ask, Father, may you take absolute control, God. We are asking, Lord Jesus, may you touch our bodies. May you anoint our voices, Lord. And father, even as we sing the songs, oh God, to lift your name on high, Lord, we ask, Lord, may your spirit take over, Lord Jesus. Oh God, and set the atmosphere, Lord, Father, for your word tonight, Lord. We commit to God, your servant, oh God, tonight into your hands, Lord. We asking, Lord, may you take him aside, Lord. And may your spirit take absolute control, God, and speak through him, Lord Jesus, your word, Lord, freely tonight, Lord. And father those on their way coming are in your hands Lord we asking Lord may you be with them may you guide them those streaming tonight who couldn't make it Lord Jesus oh God for one reason or the other Lord we ask Lord may your spirit be with them Lord Jesus oh God touch them wherever they are Lord we thank you Lord and we bless you we give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen and amen [Music] you want to take this song. Spirit of the living God, fall aresh on me. Amen. Spirit of the livinging God, fall [Music] on me. Spirit of heavenly mind full of aresh on me. Spirit of the living God of the living God. All the aresh on me [Music] of the living God for the army. Break me. [Music] Feel me. Spirit of the living God. Oh flesh. Oh, break me. Break me. [Music] Spirit of the living God. Oh fresh. Oh spirit of the living spirit. God the living God full of fresh on me [Music] oh spirit of the Living God spirit of the living God for a fresh spirit of the living full of Oh. Oh. Break me, break me, build me. Oh, fill me. Spirit of the living God. Oh, a fresh bone. Oh, breaky, break me, build me for me. [Music] Spirit of the living God full aression. Oh, one more time. Oh, break me. Break me. Help me. Hold me. Feel me. Spirit of Mary God. Full aresh. Oh, the spirit of God move. Write a word in my heart. Fill my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God move. A empty vessel I want to be. Lord, you can come. Lord, feel me. Spirit of God move. Spirit of God moving [Applause] my heart. You my consume my life spirit of God. An empty vessel I want to be so that you can come. [Music] Lord and fill. Oh Lord, fill me spirit thy word. Write a word in my heart. Feel my consume my life. Spirit of God. I want to be so that you can come Lord and fear. One more time. Spirit of God move. Spear of God. Write your word in my heart. You my being consume my life. Spirit of God will an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come. Lord for the last time. Oh Lord, fill me. Spirit of God, write your word in my heart. Feel my being consume my eyes. Spirit of God move an empty vessel I want to be so that you can come Lord and fill me [Music] spirit of God write your word in My heart feel my being consume my life. Spirit of God move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come. [Music] Lord and fill me. Amen. Is that our prayer tonight? Amen. Amen. Let the spirit of God move tonight. Amen. There's a song I want us to learn tonight. Amen. It says, "Gathering sheavs." Amen. Gathering sheav, beautiful sheep. [Music] So it goes this way to the harvest field away. We will gladly go to the gathering sheets, beautiful sheep. From the early on tonight we will labor with our my gathering sheep. [Music] Through the harvest filled away we will gladly go to the gathering sheep. [Music] From the early north tonight we will live with our mind. she we'll take one more time to the harvest field away we will gladly go to the sheep beautiful sheep from the early tonight we will labor with our might she beautiful the cross go this way gathering she beautiful She gathering sheep. Beautiful sheep. Praise the Lord. We on our way to the land of mercy. Gathering sheep. Beautiful. We take our cross again. Gathering sheep. Beautiful sheep. Gathering sheep. Beautiful sheep. Praise the Lord. be on the way to the land of the living. Gathering sheep, beautiful across again. Gathering sheep, beautiful sheep. Gathering sheep, beautiful sheep. Praise the Lord. We're on the way to the land of gathering sheep beautiful to the harvest to the harvest filled away we will gladly go to the gathering sheep beautiful she tonight we will live with our godly sheep beautiful She Oh, gathering she beautiful she gathering she beautiful she praise the glory on the way to the land of the blessings gather she beautiful she on the mountain on the mountain he'll open up we will harvest in the graing She beautiful sheep. Yes, we labor far again. Never for never. Gathering sheep. Beautiful. Oh, gathering sheets. Gathering sheep. Beautiful sheep. Gathering sheep. Beautiful sheep. Praise the Lord. be on the way to the land of endlessly. Gathering sheep, beautiful sheep, we will sing, we will sing and we will pray. And our master's voice will be gathering sheep, beautiful sheep. As we go in for a land doing what our Lord commands, gathering sheep, beautiful sheep. Oh, God she beautiful she go she beautiful she praise the Lord be on the way to the land of living God she [Music] oh gather she gather she beautiful she gather she beautiful sheep Praise the Lord. On our way to the land of the gathering she one more time the cross. Oh gathering she beautiful sheep. Gathering sheep. Beautiful sheep. Praise the Lord. We on our way to the land of the living. Gather a sheep. Beautiful sheep. So in the morning, swinging sings of kindness. So we need [Music] for the harvest and the time of reaping. We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheep. Oh, bringing the sheep, bringing in the sheep. We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheep, bringing the sheep, bringing in the she. We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the she. So we in the sunshine. So we in the shadow in the cloud by and by the harness and the li we shall come rejoicing bringing in the oh bringing in the she bringing in the sheep. We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheep. Bringing the sheep, bringing in the sheep. We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheep. Oh, so we for the master to the Lord sustain. He is when our we will be working. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the Oh, bringing the shing. [Music] We shall come rejoicing. Bringing the shing. Bringing the sheep we shall come rejoicing. Bringing. Oh bre [Music] we shall come rejoicing. Bring the sheep. Bring the sheep. Bring the sheep. We shall come rejoicing. Bring the sheep. We are of things and dreaming on the sea of time. of my skies and how of the seed of bright sunshine in the land of every day where the majesty and oh by and by and by all the I got to go tell the story of the We will understand by and by we are walking the situ and one of shy heals and very trusting in the Lord and according to his word we will understand it by and by and by by and When the morning comes, we're going to say God I got to go. We will tell the story how we overcome and we understand by and by trials on every hand and we cannot understand all the way to the blessed man. guide us with his son and we follow when all the saints of God are going to go. He will tell us Lord how we will come and we understand temptations he is all take us on our way and our hearts are made. Oh, and you won't try to do you understand. Oh my my Tell us how we Oh my my god. We will tell the story how we understand my heart. Oh my god. I got to go tell the story. Hallelujah. We will understand. One more time. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. When all the saints of God are we [Music] by and by [Music] he oh I love to hear his voice I long to hear you say how rise my love my fair one come away. Oh it's the time the pros are on divine love one is coming in view. Oh to come to bright redemption. He's the lovely one is coming in. Oh my grace are yours and mine fores. [Music] Oh keep your eyes on me. Don't look at me or you see the lonely one is coming in. Lord is manifesting time that proves on the vine. The lovely one is coming in you. All to come just rock with the sh the lovely one is coming you in the rock in the secret place so high till the day break and the shark fle away. Oh in the mountain place I smell is coming. Oh the lonely one is coming. Oh, it is manifesting time. The fools are on your mind. The lovely one is coming in. Oh, to come just redemption. He's the only one is coming in. Oh man. The bron is coming you rock the lovely one is coming. One more time. Oh man time the brer on the lovely one is coming and blame you. Look out the che one is coming. And every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every breath, every line. I am trusting. Every promise in the book every promise, every promise in the Lord is mine, every chapter, every I am trusting in his blood, every promising. Oh, every promise, every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every man, every line. I am trusting in love. Every promise in the book. One more time. Oh, every promise, every promise in mine. Every chocolate, every line, I am trusting in love divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Amen and amen. Amen. Every promise in the book is ours. Amen. Amen. Can we be seated tonight? Amen. We just bless the name of the Lord. Amen. We thank the Lord for our lives. Amen. Amen. We We got a testimony tonight. Amen. From Sister Lily. Amen. So, we just uh invite Sister Lily to share with us a testimony tonight. Amen. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Um I was working last week um and my wrist started hurting. I have an occasional pain that I get on my right wrist kind of towards the pinky side and usually it goes away within a few hours so I never worry about it. But when I was working last week, I don't know if I just bent my wrist weird or something, lifted something too heavy. Um, but it was really hurting and it wasn't going away after a few days. And I wasn't worried about it. I was also dealing with some pain in my jaw that was causing me headaches and things. So that felt kind of like the bigger issue to worry about than my wrist. Um, but as the days went by, it started getting worse. And on Sunday when I came in and was playing up here, I it was so bad that I could not like twist my wrist left to right. Like when I was playing, I was having to move my whole arm just to use my right hand. And I started getting real frustrated after like four days of that. And um with like with my jaw pain, too. I was like, "All right." So after brother Steven preached on Sunday um I just sat here praying and I was like Lord I can't even play the piano for you right now. I can't I can't glorify my you know use my gift to glorify you if my wrist hurts so bad I can't even use my hand. So I just started praying. I'm like Lord any body aches have to leave in Jesus name. You know so I started praying about my wrist and my jaw. And like I told you I could not bend my wrist left or right hardly. I had to keep it stick straight because it was like a searing pain. And by the end of the prayer, I was able to just fully rotate my wrist like this with very minimal pain, but there was still a little pain there. But I was like, you know what? It's a miracle enough that right now that I could even roll my wrist and play the piano. So, it's three days later. I have no pain in my wrist whatsoever. It just completely left. I can move my hand. I can play the piano with no issues whatsoever. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. And amen. Amen. We thank the Lord for the life of our sister. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We we have a special tonight. Amen. Before that, we going to invite brother John to thank the Lord for our lives. Amen. And thank the Lord for this wonderful testimony of Sister Lily. Amen. &gt;&gt; And and bring before the Lord any unspoken request tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We've got something on our hearts. Let's hold that before the Lord as we go to him. &gt;&gt; Lord, what a privilege, Lord, and an honor just to step into this atmosphere, Lord, in your presence, Lord, to bring our prayers and supplications before you, Lord God. There's been none uh verbally spoken, Lord. So, we're just counting, Lord, that you know our hearts this evening. And you know the burdens in our hearts, Lord. The the desires, the needs, Lord, whether it's whatever it is, Lord. You know, we thank you for what you did for my daughter, Lord. Uh it's it's a gift, Lord, and and you honored it, Lord, so that she could worship you back with it, Lord God. And we just thank you for that, Lord. As we've gathered tonight in your precious name, Lord, we ask that you just come and meet every need, Lord God. Bless the tithes and the offerings, Lord. We thank you for some of the rain, Lord, as we mentioned Sunday, that you have sent in various places, Lord God. And we just, Lord, we haven't gotten enough yet. We just call it the latter rain, Lord. We need it. There's a lot of things that are happening in the world, Lord. Lord, we know you're in control and we don't worry about it, Lord. We get excited, Lord God, when we see these things that are coming to pass, Lord, because your prophet spoke it, Lord, and it's in the Bible, Lord, and we thank you for it. &gt;&gt; Please continue to do your work in our lives, Lord God. Bring us closer to you, Lord. If it requires more sacrifice or obedience, Lord, let the stubbornness leave us, Lord, and let us just make the sacrifice needed, Lord, as you call on us. &gt;&gt; We thank you, Father. We ask that you bless every family present that's here this evening, Lord, and on on the stream, Lord. Bless our pastor, Lord, as well, Lord, and his family and the sacrifice that he makes for us, Lord, for our benefits in your word, Lord. We thank you. It is good to see the Kimodos back this evening as well, Lord God. It's not the same without brother Kalema here, Lord. And we just thank you, Father. We're going to pull on your servant this evening, Lord. So, give him strength. Keep him focused in your word and what you've spoken to him, Lord. And may we just have a good time and enjoy ourselves in your presence, Lord. We ask all these things, Lord, in the precious name of our savior, Jesus Christ and Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. An amen. Amen. So, it's more um I wouldn't say it's a special amen. It's a congregational. Amen. So, we a special congregational. Amen. So, we we're going to join into sing. Amen. We all know the song, right? I'm going to let the glory roll. Amen. So, Amen. So, we can be upstanding. Amen. Even as we ask our sister Amen to take the song when I get carried away. Amen. [Music] I'm going to let the glory roll and the roll is for glory. I'm going to get the pride of myself and I get the side. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. Oh, I'm going to let the glory roll when the roll is rolling for me. I'm going to get beside myself and I get beside. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, well, I don't know why I become a little shy when I get around a whole lot of people. And I can't figure out why I never can shout about the love that floods my soul. I must confess. I can't express the feelings deep inside me. But the things I know and cannot show. One day will allow. I'm going to let the glory go. When the road is rolling. Oh yeah. I'm going to get beside myself. I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'll pass the clouds and I'll shout so loud. Ray, sunlight, thunder, my tearful eyes fill the skies until it looks like rain. When I leave this world, the gates of pearl and stand before my savior. I left my soul. Let the glory rolling from the roll he calls my name. I'm going to let the glory roll when the roll is rolling glory. I'm going to get beside myself and I get inside that day. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get I'm going to the rope and the road is holy glory. Oh, I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the Jesus day. I'm going to have the time of my life where the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get sing. I'm going to let the glory go. &gt;&gt; I'm going to get myself. I'm going to have time of my life when the time is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get here. Worship the Lord. [Music] Oh, I'm going to let the glory go with the rolling rolling. Oh, I'm going to let the time. I'm going to have the time of my life where the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried, I'm going to get carried away. I'm going to get carried away. Carried away. Carried away. I get carried away. I'm going to get myself. I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to let the glory roll. I'm going to get by myself when I get I'm going to have I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Sometime I still I stay at home and I play this over myself and just going around and listening to those sermon. Maybe one of these day we will put them on a CD. &gt;&gt; Don't worry my friend, we will put them on a CD. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So when the devil bothers you, you just get carried away. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we will see who who who really will get carried away. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, glory to God. Wonderful. Wonderful. Do we have a special on Sunday? Because this type of song remove devils away. When I say devil, that devil of coming sleep slowly being bothered by the devil waiting for the song leader to pump you up and then start the CPR. He takes the first song, the second song, the third and you start reviving. This one comes just that's it. It's like a glucose boost. That's it. You back up. So if we don't have one, brothers, &gt;&gt; okay, we will make room for that one. &gt;&gt; Amen. Full of energy. &gt;&gt; Amen. Glory to God. If you don't want to dance, that's your problem. We will be carrying away. Amen. After the Holy Spirit showing us everything that is going on in our lives. Amen. &gt;&gt; Did you see me even preaching what I was supposed to preach? &gt;&gt; So you understand who came down. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If you have a problem, remember when the when the water begin to get trouble. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Then you jump. &gt;&gt; The water was already troubled by a testimony. &gt;&gt; It happened on Sunday. &gt;&gt; So if it happened for one, check your life. You will find out that certain habit have been gone. &gt;&gt; Note will go they already been gone. &gt;&gt; Because the devil when he goes he will come back to resist again to try. The scripture say he will come back to try to make you understand that you know whatever you think is happening to you never happened. You tell him you say you know what the reason why you're talking to me like that is because it really happened and you already outside the house. So you're trying to bark so loud over there to come back in. You ain't coming back again. &gt;&gt; That man the scripture say the man suffer for 38 years. So I don't know how long you suffer with your habit. Maybe some of you 38, some of you 20, some of you 10, some of you 15, whatever. In other words, somebody have been suffering by something for a long time. And these things are embedded by our culture, our the way the home we grew up in and all this stuff. We picked up spirit and we just don't know how to control oursel and we keep moving up with it. And brother now come and say habits are spirit. Not a big one. A little bit, a little living, a little folding, a little folding of the head and everything. If you just stay focused with the work of Calvary and everything should go away from you. People need to be free. &gt;&gt; We cannot be in this message and then still battling the way people are dragging like we are waiting for the coming of the Lord because we just about to die. Uh-uh. That's not the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; The message came to give you strength in the midst of hell. That's why David said, "Though I walk in the valley of the shadow, I fear no evil." In other words, the valley is not good, but David is fine. &gt;&gt; That's the way Christian should walk in this world. &gt;&gt; In other words, no matter what is going on on the street, no matter what is going on on the uh I mean internet, whatever is going on on the news, we are still walking unconscious of what is going on and just minding the coming of the Lord and focusing on the cross because we know that sooner we will leave this earth. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So whichever habit is happening, just tell him shake, shake, get it off. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Take that habit away. And God, I don't know, for some reason. I tried the first time, it didn't work out. I tried the second time, another sermon popped up. So I don't know why the Holy Spirit keep pushing pushing it like that. But this was necessary. We need it. We went back. You sit down, you look at the ant life and your mind is completely blown by the scripture like such a little tiny creature but exceeding wise. And I never knew these things until I begin to get into it on Sunday night. Then I begin to see it clearly that Jesus always look at one season ahead. When he's in a season, his eyes are already there. &gt;&gt; And that's truly the mind of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; The world say leave the very moment but the Christian is looking there. That's why we even living with the rapture. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So we are looking for the season of the immortal. &gt;&gt; But we are in the season of the mortal. &gt;&gt; So when you looking at the unseen you get caught up. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All right. We will get into that on Sunday. Lord's willing. You pray for me. All is well by God's grace. She said Sharon had to take a quick trip. Uh all right. I will explain everything on Sunday. But all is well by God's grace. And uh we are doing great. It was just the devil left and right and two days up and down up and down. But she made it safe and then by God's grace she'll be back next week. So you pray for her. Everything is good. But she had to see her father. Now he's doing a little bit better by God's grace. Amen. But I explain the detail if you want the detail. Do you want the detail? &gt;&gt; Church of the living God spoken word tabernacle. Okay. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ both visible and invisible audience. Any family member here? God richly bless you and welcome to our convention on Wednesday. I know you we all are excited to go check the building, but just refrain for a little bit because we don't want you step on stuff there that the and uh uh the T guy will be upset with you in the morning. So wait till Sunday if you can and then you can go there because he he places his stuff a certain way. If you step on it, you move it, then he won't like it. So if you just suffer, it's only three days and on Sunday you can come in by God's grace. He should be pretty close to the end so you can see it. Unless and if you want to go, you still want to go there, you need uh maybe brother Robert or somebody or the trustee, somebody to stand with you and tell you where to stop because we don't want you to step on his stuff and cause trouble. Yes, sister something. Okay. Praise God. So, brother, brother Albert, brother JM is preaching tonight. So, let's pull on the gift of the Lord. You know him. He been one part of us. So, let's hear what the Lord want to speak to us tonight. Amen. Let's go. We only believe. Good to see you, brother Khalmer. Good to see you, Sister D. I knew you were online somehow. I say I'm not going to mention his name because people would know my the some of the secret of the church said you just come back in. I have to protect you. Brother Brandham say when the devil cannot attack the work of God then he begin to find the vessel from where fires are coming from. So some of the struggle you go through or the fight you get through you fighting because of the ministry. &gt;&gt; You got your own life and you got the because of your ministry. Especially musician and he and everybody sometime they get bullet flying because the devil is just trying to disrupt something but through it all everything sir &gt;&gt; zero it doesn't work if he bring it it's a testimony he bring it turn to a testimony he bring it he turn to a testimony before you know it the wall is up outside God bless you have to be here to know what I'm talking Oh, believe this one. Oh, we believe All things [Music] All things are mercile. Oh, [Music] and I believe [Music] I believe [Music] all Glory. [Music] Oh, I believe. [Music] I believe all things are bless you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Good evening church. God bless you all. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much musicians and technicians also. And I also thank the pastor for this privilege to stand here before the bride of Christ. And if I could take just a moment because I remember several s Wednesdays ago, brother Richard had preached about tithing and he said there was many different type of tithing. I'm not going to preach on tithing, but I just wanted to touch something. You know that every day God gives you a paycheck. He gives you a paycheck of 24 hours, you know, and some people within that 24 hours, they don't even give 10% of that to God. And that's something even little kids can do. Now over the I'm not going to take the uh what's it called calculating the whole year, but if you were to calculate your time for the vacation only because there's like 70 days, that's about 1,680 hours. Now, if you were to take the amount of time that you gave to God and the amount of time that you didn't give to God, it would be the amount of time that you owe God would be a lot. Now, if I were to tell for those of us that do work, if I were to tell you to take the amount of time you get paid per hours and have to multiply by the amount of time you owe God and pay that as tithing, most of y'all will go overdraft. So, so tonight I come here as your brother, but I also come here as a tax collector to collect some of God's tithing. So by God's grace, &gt;&gt; spiritual tithing, if we could go to our scripture reading, John chapter 4 verse 31. If you're there, can you say amen? Amen. Now the scripture says first let's go to God in prayer. Lord heavenly father I come before you first to thank you Lord Jesus Christ for this opportunity this privilege to be here before your bride. Lord God I come to you so you may use me. Lord God use me to speak to your people. Use me to speak to not just your people but me also. Lord God I pray that you may remove me out of the way. remove the congregation out of the way, both visible and invisible audience. Lord God, may you touch those that need to be touched and may Lord Jesus Christ heal those that need healing. Lord God, I pray that you may give us new revelation and for those of us may remind us things that maybe we knew but we forgot. Lord God, I pray that this may be a blessing to your bride and I bend the remaining of the service onto you. In Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now John chapter 4 verse 31-34 says this. In the meanwhile in the meanwhile his disciples prayed him saying master eat. This was after uh the woman at well. But he said unto them, I have meat to eat that ye know not of. Therefore therefore said the disciples one to another. Have any man brought him out to eat? Jesus said unto them, "My meat is to do the will of him that sent me and to finish his work." May the Lord God bless the reading of his word. And my subject tonight is a holy man's taste. You may be seated. Is a holy man's taste. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And if the pastor will allow me, I would like to talk to I would like to talk to uh what's it called? Preach for the youth a little bit. And of course I'm praying to everyone but I want to talk to the youth a little bit also. And the thing about first let me go to the quote of tonight it's in uh 1965 leadership. Brother Brand says this, "Now you take the thinking man's filter, Jesus Christ, the word, &gt;&gt; and you'll desire a holy person's taste." That's right. &gt;&gt; Because it'll satisfy that. If you got the Holy Spirit in you, this satisfies that. &gt;&gt; And me, when I like when I read, I like to pay attention to the linguistics of what is written. And sometime my friends get annoyed at that, but I like to pay attention to those words because they're very important. over here it says um if the thinking man's filter brother Brand says the thinking man's filter if you notice the filter is capital speaking of God himself and he proceed to say that that thinking man filter is Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ the word the word of God &gt;&gt; and then he proceed to say that a holy person's taste is the is uh what's it called is the thinking man's filter and he says that it'll satisfy it will satisfy a holy person's taste that If you're a holy person, you will desire this which the prophet of God says this satisfies that the Holy Spirit in in you. This satisfies that and this is the message. As you can see, this is the message. And if you have the message, the message is the one that's going to satisfy a holy person's hunger or a holy person's desire. It's nothing else besides that. &gt;&gt; Amen. And without the thing about this also he also speaks about I wanted to talk about humility a little bit because we find out u through the word through the preaching that humility is when you take your own thought and reject it and throw it away and you take what the prophet has said and you take it upon yourself. That mean whatever you thought could have been true you take it and you cast it out and you take whatever God said to be true and you take it and you pick it up. It doesn't matter how you feel about it. It doesn't matter what you think about it or any way that you feel about it. And a Christian is supposed to be one that humility should is supposed to be like a second nature to a Christian because you constantly have you're forced to be humble whether you want to or not. And I'm just going to use an example. For example, me sometime when I translate the thing is when the word comes forth let's say I'm translating for a minister and the word is coming forth as hard as it may be sometime you feel like you want to run away sometime you feel like you want to get up and go away but as a Christian you have to be humble you have to stay there and continue to interpret because someone else needs it just as if you're a believer you're standing in the pew and after the word of God is coming forth and it hurts and sometime you're like well it hurts sometimes Sometimes you're like, "Well, that's not me." Or your own thoughts will come in to try to fight the word of God. And because as human, we have our own filters that we like to process every word that comes forth instead of processing it with the word. The word of God comes in to help us understand God. Help us live our life rightfully. And and if I could use this, imagine let's say your parent they went they bought groceries and after they told you to organize the grocery you will have your own way to organize the grocery. But let's say you were working at a factory, you worked somewhere where they were teaching you how to organize certain things. Now they will teach you how to organize a certain things. But now when you go back home and your parents call you and say, "Well, I need you to organize the grocery. Put it up." Not the way you will be organizing the grocery is not going to be the way you want to organize it. But it will be filtered through the way you were taught at the factory. It will be filtered through that way. Or if usually our parents tell us go wash the car, go wash the car. But if you had someone else that was professional washing cars and showed you a procedure how to wash the cars, where to check for the dirt and everything and how to remove them. Now, when your parent would tell you to go wash something, you're not just simply going to wash it, but you're washing it while filtering your way of thinking, the way that you used to wash it through the person that taught you that. And that's the same thing a believer needs to do with the word of God. Because the prophet came, the prophet broke down everything for us. He gave us a a stature to look at, a standard to look at, and a standard to go by. And every single time you're listening to that standard, every single time you're reading it, you're feeding on it. It's supposed to help you meditate that whenever you're acting upon something, you're not just acting upon it, but you're filtering it through the word of God. You're filtering it to what the prophet says. And I just want to take um a moment because in um if because there's another scripture here. I didn't put it up there, but it's Philippians chapter 2 verse 5. I'll try to jump a little. It says, "Let let nothing I mean verse five. Let this mind be in you, &gt;&gt; which was also in Christ Jesus, who being in who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in likeness of men. And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God also have highly exalted him and given him a name which is above every name. &gt;&gt; And I want to just drop a little bit in verse 12. He says, "Wherefore, my beloved, as you have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence." This is speaking about integrity. Because integrity is doing the right thing even when nobody else is watching. And many believers, that's where they fail. They fail at using the thinking man's filter when nobody else is watching. That's where they end up backsliding because nobody else is looking at them. They're like, "Well, I guess I could slack off a little bit." And stuff like that. But when the scripture says, "But now much more that it's even more important for you to stick with the word to do the right thing when nobody else is watching." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now we Now back to humility. Um, back to humili humility. If I could read a a quote from the prophet back with humility because one part, brother Brandon was talking to um was talking about Samsung. He was because Samson at some point they had they had told Samson not to do certain things and they told Samson he had a role rule of things of what not to do and even his parents told him to stay away from certain type of uh woman specifically Delilah but he didn't listen then he found himself in trouble and brother Brandham now is talking this was after he was in prison after Samson was in p in prison in 1963 just one more lord brother Brandham says in paragraph 118 but he began to think God is still God. I know he is. I've tried him. I've got him to the test. I know he still remains God. It's me that's wrong. I'm the one that sinned. They didn't notice the tear running out of them blind socket dripping down of his chin. They didn't notice his lip moving. Lord, I've done wrong. Let me die with the Philistines. He wanted God's word manifested before the before that Jezebel more than he wanted his own life. See, at this point, um Samson had learned that he can't rely on his own proper desires. He can't rely on his own proper way of thinking. He humbled himself to the word to the point where he wanted the word to be manifested in his life. He didn't want his own life to be manifested, his own desire, but he wanted the word to be manifested in his life. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the prophet of God says if that desire could could come to the church again. He wasn't praying for a new order, new denomination, but that the word of God might be made known again. The promise that he once had might come back to him again. He was aware of what would happen if this if his prayer was answered, but he was ready in in dead earnest in that earnest. Oh, if the church could only get like that, then he could cry out. And in investment 1962, in investment of um February 24th B, paragraph 64, that's what I say today. They say you can't have a Pentecost like they had then. People won't believe that stuff. You can't do it. We got to have the church. We've we got to have the organization. We got to have the education injected into it and so forth. If he worked back there to the illiterate fish fisherman who could take God at his word, if he hit the target, then if he healed the sick, if he raised the dead, he'll do the same thing today. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; If the right vibration pull on the gun, she will zero right in. If you don't go back and check up, you're gone. So, so go back, pick up the prescription, and find out where we're wrong at. That's the only way I know to do. But it'll do it cuz it cuz it hit before. Cuz it hit before. It'll hit again. If it worked for the apostles without denomination, without uh creeds, without Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian or what more? It worked for them on the word of God. It worked for me on the word of God. It'll work for you by the word of God. Over here, the prophet is talking about how you need to cast out your own reasoning. Cast out your own way of thinking and just rely on the word. Because some people will bring out their own way of thinking. Tell you, well uh it didn't work for them or in this day it's different. We live in a different age. But the same spirit, the Lord God does not change. The Lord God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And his way is absolute. And as a Christian, you're supposed to stick with the word of God. You're supposed to stick with every letter. Brother Brandham even spoke and gave um an analogy of a dove, saying that a dove does not eat dead meat, dead food. um not like old food. He's not uh like a raven or a vulture rather. He eats fresh food. He said a dove eats fresh food. If he tries to eat anything else but fresh food, he would vomit. The same thing with a Christian, a believer, you're supposed to eat fresh food of your day, the fresh food of your time, which is the word of which is the word that was sent through brother Brandham. That's the word. That's the fresh food of your day. And that's what you're supposed to rely on. If you eat any other thing, you will you're slowly killing yourself. You're killing yourself. Plain and simple. &gt;&gt; And in fact, brother Brandham said that a holy person's taste is this. That mean if you're taking something else, you will not be satisfied. If you're watching other preachers, you will not be satisfied. You will always feel a need to search for something more. And you will not find more if you go to something else if it's not fresh a fresh meal. Now, brother Brennham says in continues still in investment he says I was reading the life of Martin Luther or the history and it said it wasn't such a phenomenon that Luther could protest the Catholic church and get by with it but the phenomenon was that the man could hold his head above all the um fanaticism that followed that followed his revival. That's right. &gt;&gt; And brother Brennan continues this time focusing on us today. That's the same it is today. It isn't much of a phenomenal to see people out of the organization and things but a man that can stay with the word and hold his head above all the finessism that try to follow such a move upon which the upon which is absolute fleshly as our previous brother quoted to us about creek about creek. So about Greek they go out the same thing flesh flesh denomination so forth but somebody can hold their head above above that and stay with thus says the lord it is true brother Brandham is talking about how a believer should always stick with the word of god he said that all the thing that's amazing is not that oh you can dress nice or or that you can that you're a part of an organization or something like that but the thing that makes that's amazing is when you stick with the word of God even throughout this whole entire age &gt;&gt; and the thinking men's filter the thing that I like about it is you can apply to every aspect of your life everywhere that you go and I want to take this uh aspect when it comes to finance and investment you know when it comes to investment I like when the word um a couple a lot a while back when the word came forth and said that some of Some people would apply for lotteryies and stuff like that when they succeed and that they say praise the Lord God but they don't try to find out how they succeeded you see. But a thinking man's filter brother Brandham gave an analogy of um the rich young ruler. The rich young ruler the reason why he approached Jesus Christ is because he saw something in Jesus Christ that he could invest himself in. He saw that Jesus Christ has something that he did not. And he approached him to try to invest in him. But when he approached him, he couldn't invest because it was something that he wasn't he had one foot in, one foot out. He wasn't fully invested into it. And the thing is, brother Brandon was asking himself, how could a a young man as this reject something like that just like this in this modern day? How could the church, the Laudian church, rebuke God? Because you could have invested yourself in that. He had he had the opportunity to invest himself in something that's greater. But the only thing is he had to put in everything that he had. &gt;&gt; And brother Brennham also speaks and talks in investment. He says, "And did you ever think, brethren, did you did you ever come to you in the scripture that they're very um pardon me in investment of 1962, the same one, paragraph 17, he says, "So this young man was like this great rich laudia age. Men was like this great rich like DCA age that we live in. They seen great opportunity to invest in something but it's not popular. Jesus was not the popular man in his day only among the poor and illiterate. The church of his day, the denomination of his day and the sect sectarian religions had nothing to do with him. But there must have been something about him that this rich young fellow seen in Jesus that he did not see in others &gt;&gt; and did have the common brother say he had at least at least he had common sense to approach him did have the common good sense to come and ask what he might do because he had seen in Jesus that there was a a quality that he didn't see in anyone else But you see he was very rich. The thing the things of the world we have lovely pictures of this and the leisia age in revelation because you say you are rich and have need of nothing yet knowest thou not that thou are wretched poor blind miserable naked and don't know it. Brother Brandham even talks um if you read investment both uh all five parts he even says that there were two young uh rich fellows and the other one was Paul when he saw the opportunity he invested he went in but the rich young ruler did not he did not invest in it and brother Brandon when he speaks about investment he says that most people look for the big events Jesus Christ was not a big event most people when they're trying to invest in something they see well they um everybody's going to this. Everybody's going to this, so I will join just because everybody's going to this. But you're supposed to study. You're supposed to study and know what you're going to invest in. Brother Brandham talks about a sound businessman. He doesn't just gamble. He doesn't just go in something and gamble. When you don't know what you're investing in and you're just applying and hoping you will get something, that is gambling. Whether you whether other people are succeeding or not, but you are you yourself are gambling. That's right. And the thing about um the other thing about investment, brother Brandham says, brother Brand says that we find this young fellow given the opportunity given the opportunity to do this to invest in Jesus Christ to invest in eternal life to invest. He turned it away because there was too much of a price of it. I think that's the same thing today. We don't want We don't want to. We don't want to admit it. We don't want to say that we don't, but our lives are proving it. That's proving it. That's exactly right. The Laudian pull him out of the church and he was not he was knocking. See, trying to get back in Laudia pull him out because they were rich. They need nothing. And brother Brand said, "If the Pentecost group wants more, as in if if you want more riches, you want more." If the Pentecost group wants more, you live right, you do right. &gt;&gt; See, if you want more, if you want to succeed, you live right and you do right. And he says, "God has got plenty to pay off with and bank open day and night, but you'll have you'll have to not say, "Well, I guess I'll go well, I guess I'll go up there once." And brother Brennan is talking about if you want to gain more, if you want to be rich and stuff like that, you have to live your life right and you have to be right. And the only way to live your life right and to be right is to use the thinking man's filter. the only way to be to live right and to live a godly life because brother Brennham in other places uh he was talking about how if you want to be rich in fact in Joseph if you look at the story of Joseph when Joseph gave the interpretation of the dream and at that pharaoh was asking him who can we put in charge of this and when it came to choosing Joseph Pharaoh has said that who is the person that's with God that you're going to need God because to live right you need God to begin with because God is right. So Pharaoh had told had asked who's the person that we could put in this that has that that has God with him that God is with him. So in investment when you're trying to invest even in real life when you're trying to invest always bring it back to the word of God check with the word of God see what does God say about it what does the prophet say about it and then you proceed based on that. You look at you look at what uh what's it called? What people are doing. You look you do research because brother Brand said when it comes to investment, you can't just keep your money in the bank or someone else will steal it. That's right. &gt;&gt; Because if you think about it, if you leave your money in your savings and you do not move it, the other thing about it is that &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; The other thing about it is &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. The other thing about it is that uh what's it called? When you leave your money in the bank, as the year goes on, the value of that money that you have put in the bank that you keeping save that you're not making a move and circulating around the value of that money is being decreased is is being decreased as the year goes along because back then 70 like a few cents was a lot of money. But now today, a few cents is not a lot. That mean if you're keeping your money in your savings, you're not going to advance. You're just your your value goes down. And brother Brandon talks about all that. And he also talks about when you're investing into something, you need to watch what you're investing in because when a lot of people start jumping in what you're investing in, that's when you should pull probably pull back because brother Brennham gives um gives an example of the the um the wise um virgins and the foolish the sleeping virgin rather. He says this in paragraph 64 in investment 1962 February 24 B. He says and you and did you ever think my brethren did you it ever come to you in the scripture that the day the very day that the sleeping virgin come to buy oil that was the day he come. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; When when you see Greek Orthodox, &gt;&gt; especielians, &gt;&gt; Methodists, Baptist, and Presbyterian coming in hungering for this as in this message, hungering for this. Where can where can we get this oil? Remember, it was that hour that the bridegroom came. Let's watch the investment where where where they pay off. Brother Brandon said when you're seeing a lot of people gathering when you're see first when you're investing maybe you might look little because Jesus Christ brother Brand said that Jesus Christ was not a popular person and the rich young ruler spotted it when Jesus Christ was not a popular person and then when a lot of people start gathering in that's when that's when uh the bridegroom came that's when Jesus Christ was also lifted when a lot of miracles started happening and people started getting a lot of people's attention and that's the same thing with this one here when the message is being forth a lot of people are rejecting a lot of people don't want it but when the rapture will You'll see a lot of people desire and try to seek for it. &gt;&gt; And the same thing when you're investing in certain investment, you're seeing a lot of people are gathering to those investment because it works. It works. It works. And before you know it, when they that when that investment app or that investment application, whatever or organization goes down, they exit it and they turn it down. You're like, well, I invested this, I invested that, I lost in this that. You can start blaming it on brothers and sisters and whoever got you in them. But but the thing about investment is you had to watch what's happening. You had to watch the the things that are happening around you. &gt;&gt; And you can't just invest to invest, but you have to invest with a with an intention with a thought a thoroughly thought out, filtered to to invent a diligent man. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and the thing the other thing is in investment 1963, brother Brand says this. I'm not a writer. I'm not I'm not the writer that you fellow that you fellows are. But he was given a knowledge of a kid that I believe it was the unicycle. they had uh a competition &gt;&gt; and many other people were better writers than him. &gt;&gt; But everybody else thought he wasn't going to do it. He wasn't going to make it. He wasn't going to win. But when he got on it, he kept his eyes on the prize and he went in. He wasn't looking left or right. In fact, before he went in, when they asked him, "How did you do it?" He told him, "I've watched y'all how y'all did it. And the way y'all were doing, y'all would keep looking down and y'all were looking left and right. And when each time y'all look, y'all failed." So what before he got up there he analyzed he had he watched the way they did and after he filtered the way they did and when he got on it he invested he went straight forward keeping his eyes on the prize and brother Brandham &gt;&gt; and brother Brennham talks about when brother Brandon talks about that he says in paragraph 223 he says now businessmen don't look here your business may fail fail tomorrow might fail some other day but watch the end of the road and there is where your policy is going to pay off. &gt;&gt; This young fellow increased in goods but we find out his family pay off payoff they come his family payoff they come. He his greed goods so increased till till he found till he found till he found that he had to build new newborns. Oh, his business kept increasing. He stayed member of the church. You say yes. Yes, brother. That's right. He stayed a member of the church and one and one night he got so big till there was a man that was poor in spirit. You know, we don't have to be so poor in money. We'll have to get poor in spirit. Jesus said in Matthew 5, "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the not organization the kingdom, &gt;&gt; and the poor in spirit laid at his gate, and he gave and he gave him a few crumbs." in or in other words when they passed by he might have g something in in the in the collection box or something or he might have said you know they're nice people I have nothing against them I will go to their breakfast once in a while you will furnish a few crumbs that might that might be so oh my wife belongs down there but me I admire my position with the business colleague. See, and he swept the crumbs off. In another place, brother Brandon talks about that the rich young ruler, although he was in in he although he didn't invest in God, he still prospered. He still prospered and then he ended up at hell. So when you're investing in something, you need to watch what you're investing. And I'm talking about the spiritual investment, not just investing in carnal things, but the spiritual investment. You need to watch what you're investing. And you need to invest yourself in the word. And &gt;&gt; and brother Brandham says that when you invest yourself in the word, if you have a doubt in you, you might as well not invest until you're certain to invest. &gt;&gt; Until you're certain to invest. That's when you should invest. You shouldn't invest when you have a doubt. And you have to be 100% sure that what you're doing, what you're investing is something good. It's something that's not just you investing. They're just you investing just because &gt;&gt; brother Brennham has said in investment he said that I do not believe that anybody who loves Christ could set a meeting as take place in real spiritfilled Pentecost outpouring this day and see the very presence of Jesus Christ strike down upon the people and perform and perform and perform excuse me and perform and do the things that he promised. would be done in this day. The only way that you can is turn away that was in parenthesis. Turn away the opportunity that God gave you to become. What a rash thing the young fella did to turn away that opportunity. &gt;&gt; And the thing is denomination are doing that today. Instead of accepting and embracing the Holy Spirit and forgetting their difference, they're they're separate, they separate their brotherhood and try to draw away little groups after their own following. And the other thing that I want to mention a little is concerning humility and investment. when you're not humble to the word of God because you're supposed to invest yourself completely to God because a Christian is 100% for the word because the Holy Spirit, the Holy Ghost is 100% word and he only agrees with the word of God. And if you're a Christian, you're also supposed to agree with the word of God 100%. And when you're investing, you're supposed to invest in the word of God 100%. So when you're not being humble to the word when the word of God comes in and that the prophet says one thing and that that you choose to say well the prophet says that but I you have your own filter um thinking man's filter that you're applying to it when you're think when you have your own thoughts that you're applying to it and say well yes the prophet said that but you then you're adding a butt or you're adding a contradiction. That's you having one foot in one foot out. That's not you fully inside the message. That's not you putting yourself completely in there. You're supposed to put yourself completely in the word and let the word be the person who guide you. Let the spirit be the person to lead you in all righteousness and in all truth because the spirit of God that knows what's in the mind of God. And that spirit is the one that's going to help you, that's going to filter all your thoughts, that's going to filter who you are to resemble more like God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And the thing about the quote where it says that this satisfies that. I remember brother Brener also said when a baby is crying it cries till it's satisfied. &gt;&gt; And it says this satisfies that. If you're not satisfied if you're reading and after you feel like you're not satisfied keep reading. At some point you will get satisfied. Keep asking God. Keep asking for the word the the flesh word and you will be satisfied at some point. If you if you have a need somewhere you have to keep asking. You'll be satisfied. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And a think a man's filter um a thinking man's filter another way because like I said it could touch many um aspect of your life. The other way that it could touch it is the way you dress because a thinking man's filter if you which is this which is the word of God. If you use the word of God to filter the way you think the way you dress it will help you choose what to wear. Because we found out that Christians are also high priests and high priest dress a certain manner. They have a certain manner that they dress. They can't just wear whatever they want. They can't just put on whatever they want. They can't just step out however they want. They have to wear a certain garment and a certain level. Brother Brandham talks about how um when it's above the knees and stuff like that, it's be it's a naked it shows nakedness before God. It's showing nakedness before God. And a a Christian is not supposed to be naked before before God. Brother Brandham talks in Brother Brandham talks when he was um in the uncertain sound of 1955 paragraph 83. Brother Brand says this. Now ladies, I want you to forgive to forgive me. I don't want to hurt your feelings. I'm not here to hurt your feelings. God knows it's not. But I'm here as a gospel preacher to let you know what's truth. Then you do you do with it whatever you wish. &gt;&gt; And then then when you go to then when you go to doing those things, you'll begin to reason this. If this woman can do if this woman can do it, she is well thought of. She goes to she goes to church. She lives in a rank of society. Why can't I do it? That's reasoning. &gt;&gt; When your when your soul tells you it's wrong. Bri Brandom says that it's reasoning when your soul is telling you is wrong. &gt;&gt; Because the real you is in your soul. Your the real you knows what's right. Your soul knows what's right. &gt;&gt; And brother Brandon continues to says that God covered women and men up. God covered women up and men up in the Garden of Eden. Never stripped them off. Never stripped them. In other words, when you're not dressed in a certain man and you're showing off your nakedness, that mean you're doing the opposite of what God instructed Adam and Eve. You're doing the opposite of what God's own law says because God said to cover up all the way. And if you listen to the word of God when the prophet comes in and that they telling you the way to dress and the scriptures is telling you the way to dress and how long or how short or even the painted face and everything like that when you listen to the word now whenever you're going to go do something you will be filtering whatever your action with what the prophet had told you &gt;&gt; because even when it comes to preference because you you know we all have our own preference and when it comes to our preference the place where a lot of people fails a felt a lot is because it's our preference. Because it's our preference, we tend to go easier on the word. When it comes to preference, when it comes to when it comes to someone else's preference, you see that someone else is going against the word. You're ready to tell them that you're going against the word. You're ready to tell them that what you're doing is wrong. You're ready to judge them. You're ready to because the scriptures say iron sharpens iron. So you're ready to, you know, help them and say, "Well, you know, the scripture says iron sharpens iron, so I come here to help you." Because it's their preference and their preference goes against the word. But when it comes to your own preference, that's when you do not want to filter it. That's when you have you have after uh the word of God already came forth and instead of filtering it to the word of God, sometime you might even filter it through the word of God, then you then you make it go through your own filter. again right after getting um God's filter you make it go to your own filter that you decide to do it anyways and if you go by the word of the word of God brother Brennan even u was giving description I might um I'm just touching on this a little bit while brother Brennan was talking and he was giving um advices because I was I was doing research on it just looking at it brother Brandon said when it comes to choosing a wife and certain things you have to look for character not beauty &gt;&gt; and when you listen to the word of God listen to the prophet when he says concerning those things that mean when it's your turn to look for one you will filter your desire you'll filter your preference with what the prophet said because if you're not filtering it with what the prophet said and that you might go to someone you might find a Jezebel person and that's your preference and that you might go to it and you didn't fil you didn't filter it brother Brennham said that Jezebel a woman that's dressed like that is basically dog food because Jezebel was fed to the dog. That mean if your desire, if your taste or woman that resemble to Jezebel, that mean your taste is equivalent to that of a dog. So whenever you're whenever you're doing something, you need to watch everything that you're doing. Even when it comes to choosing a bride, even when it comes to choosing a wife or even comes to choosing a husband, you need to watch in everything that you're doing &gt;&gt; because &gt;&gt; because some may say that, well, my parents prayed a lot. Well, did she pray? You need to check if her life is correct. You need to check if her character is correct. You also need to check if his life is correct or if his character is correct. You need to look for the character because the Holy Spirit checks for the character, not not the beauty. Because the scripture says that the beauty is decipherful. The beauty will deceive you in every way. So you need to look for the character because the character is the one. Bram says that the person that a husband chooses, a man chooses, she will be a reflection of you. &gt;&gt; She will be a reflection of everything that you do. That mean if you went after beauty and then her character is bad, that mean your character is bad. That mean the person that you are is bad. That's why you need to filter everything that you do. In fact, if you want a peaceful life, you need to filter every decision that you do through the word of God &gt;&gt; because you know a lot of people when it comes to um choosing of bride and this for the sisters you would hear sometime a young man will come up and be like well you know I had a dream you know I had a dream and I saw in a dream. Well, the thing about dream, the things about dream, well, dreams has three um categories that I uh found out. Well, dreams it could either talk about your past, &gt;&gt; your present state or the future. &gt;&gt; And the past maybe you passed through a trauma or something like that, so you're getting a dream about it. &gt;&gt; The future maybe a blessing is coming. So, you get a dream about it. And the present maybe the circumstance that you're living in, God is giving you a warning or what you're doing. And the thing about dreams is maybe someone let's say a young man seen you and I think he has a desire for you. You see, since he already longs you, long for you for a long time, he will start fantasizing about you to the point where when he's going to go to go to sleep, the last thing that he thought about was you to the point that he's going to dream about you. Then when he's going to come to you and be like, well, you know, I had a dream about you. Was that dream, did it come from God or was it something you fabricated by your own desire? You see, that's the thing about it because the other thing I remember this is like a personal thing that uh I noticed one time I was um listening to the tape. I was listening to um the word of God. I was listening to the services preach and and the tape brother. So I went to sleep while leaving my phone playing. So as I was sleeping in the dream, it was me with like two other beloved and we were talking and we were talking about brother Brandham and in my dream I could hear the voice of brother Brandham in my dream &gt;&gt; and I was playing that in my dream. &gt;&gt; Then after a little while uh the scene changed a little and when the scene changed a little I started hearing a familiar but yet unfamiliar sound and I was like what is this? Then I started hearing the voice of Billy Graham when I was sleeping in a dream. And after that in my dream I turned it off. Then it came back on. I turned it off and I turned back the message. Then it came back on. Then later on I woke up. When I woke up I checked my phone and after I saw that my phone was playing Billy Graham. That's to show you that in your dreams your dreams is not just something that that happens. It happens because of the circumstance that you're living in. That mean if someone comes to you and say I have a dream and certain things like that you have to ask them did it come from God did it come from God and certain people will tell you I have a dream but they will not invest in you they will just say it but when it comes time to invest 100% in you they will back away they will back away so &gt;&gt; you will back away and they would want nothing to do with it &gt;&gt; and And brother Brennham when he gives uh what's it called? When brother Brennham is talking about choosing of a bride he's he's very specific and he talks he talks a lot about he emphasize about character a lot. He emphasized about you choosing the right person because it really reflects you and and he says the choosing is the man's role and the accepting is the is the woman's role. They're the one who's supposed to accept. And when you're accepting, you're supposed to filter whatever they're saying with the word of God. That's right. &gt;&gt; Because the scripture says that you're supposed to follow uh the husband supposed to be under Christ and you under the husband. That mean when you're following that husband, his head should be Christ. &gt;&gt; That mean you have the word of God. You have the message of the hour. That mean you already have Christ in your hand. So when someone else comes and they're giving you, they're presenting themselves to you, filter what they're presenting to you to the word of God. Filter it with the word of God because Christ is already there. So filter it through the through the thinking man's filter through the holy person's taste. Filter it through there. And by you filtering it through it through there, you will find out either it's a croak or it's not. It will tell you what you need. &gt;&gt; It will tell you what you need. In fact, that's where also um Samson failed because Samson, he went based on his own preference. He didn't go, they even warned him, they told him he did not filter his thought. He went based on his own preference. Like I said earlier, when it comes to your own preference, that's when people tend to backslid. But when it comes to someone else's preference, that's when you're quick to pull the trigger and and judge. Amen. &gt;&gt; And &gt;&gt; like I said, this subject touches many ground. And a thinking man, a thinking man's filter is supposed to also help you how to communicate, how to how to the word of God supposed to help you out to communicate, how to be a better person, a better Christian. Because the other day I was even reading the scripture. I was looking how Jethro was talking to Moses, how he was giving Moses advice because certain people when you're giving advice, they're quick to give advice. When you see someone is kind of deviating or something like that, you're quick to tell them, "Well, that's wrong, that's wrong, that's wrong." When I was watching Jeff talking to Moses, he was patient. He, in fact, he waited for Moses and he let Moses do it. After a certain period, that's when he came and he spoke to Moses. And after Mo, after he spoke to Moses, he first he let Moses speak, then he spoke and Moses let him speak. Then they they were having a perfect normal conversation. And when I was thinking about that, I was like, "Wow, that is very good. That's a perfect example of how to talk to people, how a father could talk to a son, and how a Christian should talk to another believer." Because the thing when the word of God come when you're reading every single word is supposed to help you be more like God. It's supposed to help you have a holy person's taste. That's why even um Esther when she was going and choosing the garment, she didn't choose it herself. She relied on he the the chamberlain. She relied on him. In fact, Hegar was her thinking man's filter. She did not rely on her own thought. She relied on Hega. She was she said, "You choose it for me." Even in Ruth when they were when um Naomi was talking to Ruth and on their way when they were going to when they were going back on their way, Naomi was instructing to Ruth. Now when they arrived at the land, Ruth everything that she did, she was filtering it to what Naomi had told her. &gt;&gt; Even if you check in um in Ruth chapter 3, even when it came to choosing or choosing or even obtaining Boaz, &gt;&gt; Naomi had instructed Ruth how to obtain him. And Ruth did not rely on her own way of thinking or the way u people from her land uh what's it called? Attract men. She relied on what Naomi had taught her and she went and after she obtained Boas through what Naomi had taught her and Naomi was Ruth's thinking man's filter. And in this hour in this day we have the message of the hour which is our thinking man's filter. The message of the hour is brought forth to help us process every our daytoday life. Everything that we're doing in our day it helps us use it. It helps us use it so we can come closer to God. So we can reflect God in all ways, in every way, in all path, in every path in our life, in everything that we do. Maybe um parenting, maybe marriage, maybe um fellowship, maybe friendship, maybe anything, even investment, maybe all of those, it help it comes to help us filter everything that we do. Everything. Even a pastor when he comes over here and says, "You always say, you always ask the pastor, you have a quote for everything." Of course, he needs to because that's the that's how a a man with a holy taste supposed to. He's supposed to rely on the word and supposed to filter on the word. And that's something not not only the pastor or preachers or minister are supposed to do, but everybody in the congregation. That's something everybody's supposed to do. Especially the youth, the youth tend to find it um they tend to find it a lot or annoying to to to always rely on the scripture, to always verify the scripture, to always filter things through the scripture. And and I'm just here to tell you, although it may seem annoying, it's good for you. It's supposed to help you. It's supposed to make you resemble Christ. is supposed to help you make a better investment when you're investing in Christ because that's what the thinking man's filter is. &gt;&gt; It's your protection. It's something that covers you &gt;&gt; because the thinking man's filter like God, like brother Brandon said, God cover them up. And when the word of God comes, it comes in when the enemy comes like a flood, the word of God, the Lord God lift up his word as a standard because his word is the standard. As you see, each age is going forth. You see television and all those things, they're programmed as every single time you're watching them, every single time you're looking at them, every single time you see certain things on them, it's changing the way you think. &gt;&gt; And to the to the point where wherever you're doing, you're filtering it to whatever you watched, &gt;&gt; to whatever you seen. Even little kids, little kids, they're like sponges that soak in everything. So when you show them certain things, they will replicate it. And when they're doing something, they will be thinking, well, this person did it this way, so I will do it this way. Because the way they saw, that's their filter. And the way television is programmed is to desensitize you. Is to remove God's filter and pull the the human's filter. The way you're thinking about it. The thinking filter that you'll be using now is no longer God's filter. But it's now the organization's filter is the social media's filter. It's what other people say. Like I had um a beloved once Tom send me because a lot of youth that I noticed in this generation, they tend to watch other people online instead of relying on the word of God, &gt;&gt; especially for relationship advices instead of going to the word of God. Some people go to um Dr. Umar or whatever his name is. I don't know his name. They're so &gt;&gt; I don't know how you could listen to that while having while being in the message. Honestly, I don't know how someone could listen to it while being in the message because what they're doing is completely wrong. And the way they're promote the way they're the way they speak even the the way um social media is promoting how to enter into relationship or how to find someone is completely wrong because now the youth when they come up they based on what they see now they're choosing based on um what they see on social media. They're filtering their choices and their desire based on that. Even trends nowadays people are going on trends instead of going based on their own desire. what fits them, their characteristic. They're relying on the trends. They're filtering their stuff by the trends. There are some people that cannot be themsel at all. They only want to be what the trends are. They they can't be an individual person. So, whenever a trend happens and after you tell them, well, brother, you shouldn't do that. You should be on this. They're like, well, so and so is doing this. Well, that's the trend. Well, you're not the trend. You're not supposed to filter it by the trend. You're a Christian. You're supposed to filter it by the word of God. And the other thing is &gt;&gt; the other thing that is even um that I also want to mention because when it comes to trans preferences and all those even when it comes to choosing someone a lot of you even someone seem like he may be quiet or something you should always test him. you should always check their character because recently recently um not so recently but I remember a coworker of mine that I was speaking to I was he didn't even know what I was going to minister but I was talking to him and he was talking to me how for those who know the scripture you would know what what it means but he was talking about how he was going to meet uh another girl and I think he was going to know her that's what he was talking about and the way he was breaking it down the way he was he had a whole plan of manipulation And when I saw that I was like his filter is completely wrong. It is completely wrong because what I seen what he was saying because I remember when we were in the youth meeting the word had came forth and that they was talking and that they were not seeing what the word has said. I was like that is so lovely. Then another thought came in. I was like if he felt on the wrong person's ear they would use it so bad. And here I am seeing the person who had the wrong interpretation of of those thing. I don't know where he got it from, but the way he was describing how he was going to make the person fall was completely bad to the point where he said something that was unsettling. He said that I will make her reject her belief, her religion, and everything. I was like, by the way, he was going to manipulate. So whenever you're choosing someone, just because he's speaking nice, just because he's telling you, well, you look good, you should filter it through the word because that's why the parents and your brethren and your beloved, that's why your parents are there to tell you you look good. Yeah, you're supposed to rely on that. But some people when their parents tell them you look good, you're like, well, that's my dad. But when the random person comes in and tell you you look good, that's when you're happy. You're you're saying that it's so sweet. Oh, well that's different. That's my dad, but that's is different. This the person and stuff like that. you're so quick to attach yourself to someone. And I'm telling you, don't be quick to attach yourself to someone because that person could be manipulating you just to make you fall because you don't know who who the person that you're dealing with. So whenever someone comes to you maybe about anything or any aspect in your life, I want you to take it and filter it through the thinking man's filter, which is this, which is this word, which is the message of the hour, which is that that satisfies it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Which is that that satisfying just make it go through that filter. &gt;&gt; I want to I want to read one quote. I want to read a quote. So just to wrap up. I know it's a Wednesday service. &gt;&gt; Brother Brennham said if the musician could come up. Brother Brennham said um in just one more time 1963 December the 1st in the evening paragraph 120 he says slowly he was praying it's possible Lord it's possible Lord it's possible I stand here all my big frame is still together I'm here my hair has grown out but I couldn't see how to whip them no more see Samsung's own thinking man filter couldn't help him. He completely failed him. His eyes was his thinking man's filter cuz he relied on it. And that completely failed him. One, it brought him to prison. And now when they took off his eyes, he didn't have his eyes. He couldn't rely on it at all. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And God removed what what caused him the trouble. That's why God said if a hand is causing you a hindrance, you need to cut it off. You need to cut it completely off. And brother Brennan continues and he says, "His hair growled out, but I couldn't see how to whip them no more because my eyes is blind. I couldn't see where I was going. But it's possible that you would let it happen again, Lord, to slow your power to to show your power." He screamed out once more, Lord. Just once more. Oh, if the church could only cry once more, Lord, let us see your power. If we could just return back to the original. If we could just return back to the thinking man's filter once more. And he cried out, asked God. I can see I can see that muscle begin to swell. After he asked God, that's when he started seeing the muscles begin to swell. And he wasn't seeing it by his own filter. He started seeing it because he said his eye socket was bleeding out. So, he clearly couldn't see it. Then he said he started seeing his uh muscles began to swell. Every fiber in his body being begin to twist. See at this point Samson had taken everything that he had and invested it in God. &gt;&gt; He had invested it in God. &gt;&gt; And now he's he's seeing the result of it. Now the Holy Ghost was coming up was coming upon him. Then he stretched forth his hand again with the power of the Holy Ghost upon him. Down went the building. The Bible said he killed more that day than he did all the rest of the of his days. He filled the commission God gave him then once more. See, by him being humble, humbling himself to the word of God and investing completely to the because if you're humble, you're supposed to put everything, which is a type of investment. You're putting everything to receive the word of God and to do the the works of God, to do what God had ordained you to do. And by him doing that, God used him to to do the greatest thing that he's ever done in his whole career. &gt;&gt; And this the last quote in 1961, sir, we would see Jesus. Paragraph 46, brother Brandon says, "Grant it, Lord, that this may be vital things to the people that they might grasp these little truth and hold on to them and remember that someday that each of us will have to stand in your August presence and give an account for every thought that goes through our minds. So give me and my people and your children upon the earth clean, holy, faithful thoughts &gt;&gt; that we might not disassociate ourselves from words knowing that thy word is truth and that you are the infinite, infallible, omnipresent, omnisient God and omnipotent. The prophet of God is saying that we need to rely on the Lord Jesus Christ that he is the filter that we need to um to rely on. He's the filter. We need to rely on his mind because he gives us a clean and holy faithful thoughts. He say that we need to rely on him because that's that's a holy person state holy person's taste. If you want to have a holy person's taste because brother Brandon says that there is no man that's holy beside God. &gt;&gt; There's nothing that's holy beside God himself. God is the only person that's holy. So if you want to have a holy person's taste that mean if you want to have God's taste you need to use the thinking man's filter which is Jesus Christ which is is which is his word and and you need to also invest yourself as you're using it you have to not when you're using that thinking man's filter the word of God comes and he tells you what to do don't just stop at listening the word but you need to do it also you need to invest yourself completely in it you need to put yourself into it completely and you know a lot of people are investing in, you know, crypto, different type of crypto and stuff like that. You know, Bitcoin is everything, right? And I'm here to tell you the best investment that you can invest in, the best type of crypto you can invest in is I call it the bit seed, which is the mustard seed. It's very small, but when it grows, it grows very big. You see, you will reap a lot more. So, may the Lord God bless the sermon. &gt;&gt; If we could all stand and go to the Lord in prayer. Lord heavenly father, we come before you, Lord Jesus Christ. We come before you to thank you, Lord Jesus Christ, for your word, for your word that was brought forth, Lord God. I thank you, Lord God, for the message that you sent forth, Lord God, to help us understand the Bible, Lord Jesus Christ. Because the message is our filter, Lord Jesus Christ. The Bible is our filter, Lord Jesus Christ. And I pray that you may help us be humble enough, Lord Jesus Christ, and to invest in it completely. And when we invest, help us be patient, Lord Jesus Christ, that to wait upon your word, Lord God, and to do only what your word say, Lord heavenly father, not to rely on what we think or what we say or what our desires, our own feelings says, Lord Jesus Christ. And sometimes, Lord, heavenly father, the word for the word may come forth and he may hurt us, Lord Jesus Christ. He may hurt us down deep down in our soul, Lord God. and sometime when he hurts us Lord God just to show to the people especially if we're if for those of us that are known especially if you're known Lord Jesus Christ if they're in a high position Lord God and the word of God comes in that is trying to correct you but because you're hurt because you have your own pro um preference because you have your own ego because you have your own pride instead of being humble to the word you start trying to compromise you start to even reject the word without even realizing you're rejecting the word. So I pray to I pray Lord heavenly father that you may come in and remove every single one of our filter Lord God and I pray that you may protect us Lord Jesus Christ that you may put your filter upon us Lord Jesus Christ because your filter Lord Jesus Christ will help us come to ourselves because your filter Lord heavenly father is what help us come close to you Lord Jesus Christ and your filter Lord heavenly father is what will satisfy us Lord Jesus Christ. Not everybody will be satisfied with this. But Lord heavenly father this is what satisfies us Lord God. And I am grateful and I am thankful Lord heavenly father that you have chosen us Lord God to be a part of your bride to be a part of your church to be a part of you Lord heavenly father. and you called us to reflect you to be you to be like you Lord Jesus Christ in all things not just the little things Lord Jesus Christ but in all things and and all times Lord heavenly father for you said not just Lord Jesus Christ in your presence Lord Jesus Christ but also in the absence Lord Jesus Christ when the prophet isn't here Lord Jesus Christ we also need to do it Lord Jesus Christ when our pastor when our preacher when our brothers and sisters are not in our presence to correct us Lord heavenly father to not they're not in our presence to help us Lord God help us Lord Jesus can rely on your Holy Ghost Lord heavenly father help us rely on you Lord Jesus Christ help us rely on you to be the filter that will filter every decision that we do in our life that that everywhere we walk walk Lord heavenly father may we prosper Lord heavenly father and may we rely on you in all things may you bless this night Lord heavenly father may you bless those Lord Jesus Christ that are streaming online may you help us all Lord heavenly father because the time is very late Lord heavenly father and we really need Lord Jesus Christ that thinking man to help us Lord God because we have Hollywood go going all over the place. We have this the we have all these Lord Jesus Christ trans celebrities all these Lord Jesus Christ ruining Lord Jesus Christ all these this new generation even the old generations Lord Jesus Christ the way of thinking Lord God it has completely changed us Lord God but we ask for your word to come forth and heal us Lord Jesus Christ we ask for your word to come forth and correct us Lord Jesus Christ we come we ask for your word to come forth and just filter us completely Lord Jesus Christ I pray and abandon remain with the service I bending Lord Jesus us or return. Protect all of us in each individual one of us as we return to our respective place. Lord God, bless your word and anyone that we listen to or that we replay. Lord heavenly father, I pray, Lord God, that you may bless them. May you reveal even more in abundance, Lord Jesus Christ. What I could have spoken, I didn't speak. Even what I even what you didn't reveal onto me, Lord Jesus Christ. May you reveal more onto them in abundance for your prophecy, Lord Jesus Christ. We can even take one scripture. We can take one of your word, Lord, heavenly father, and it can unfold for eternity. So we are bending ourel unto you and help us filter our life through you through the blood of Jesus Christ that covers us all and that sanctifies us in Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. If the pastor could come forward, [Music] &gt;&gt; Praise God. Amen. &gt;&gt; A thinking man's filter. Hallelujah. There's a whole message on that. &gt;&gt; A whole message. And by God's grace, if you had a chance, just go play that message and you will glean more more more more out of it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh it's a shame thinks that uh message believer are getting into it. And I know it's the the age and the and the pressure and the survival mode and the Holy Spirit come down on Sunday and begin to correct and to tell us that your trouble is not in what you're looking for. That's why we try many times and it's not working. Our trouble is in our habit. It's the habit that put us into a trouble mode. Amen. And once you're in that mode, you begin to suck everything. There is a pyramid scam that was going on and the people got stuck into it. A lot of message believer got stuck into it and finally they closed. &gt;&gt; So people are crying. It's all over the news. uh the message WhatsApp chat you see people somehow making fun of other that they were that were stubborn because what they do is they tell you bring somebody in and then bring somebody in and bring somebody in and and before you know it you see people really happy prosperity have come now they invest they invest and they came with a with a catch and then they brought more money as soon as a lot of people came the whole thing disappeared boom So when we see you not clapping hand, I wonder where were you at online. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If I if I don't say something now and I will begin to say on Sunday, you will cut my time and then I have to stop and then move on to the next sermon. So can I say something? &gt;&gt; Stay away from crypto &gt;&gt; if you don't know what you're doing. Do you understand me? &gt;&gt; Whoever is on the camera, make sure you focus on me. I don't want people in this church, &gt;&gt; young people, especially young people, because it's striking young people. I don't want you in crypto. I know it's going to go all over the internet. Brother Steven say, "Oh, he doesn't want people in cryp." I have I have a whole uh what do you call a document that I have quote that I already laid out. So if you come you you you want to fight you come then I will just turn the the machine gun on and then and then and then handle you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Do you know what crypto means? &gt;&gt; Who own crypto? &gt;&gt; I'm not just you guys talk about crypto crypto crypto. I'm asking you now a question. Who own crypto? Who is the owner of? You see you don't even know the owner of crypto. But when they tell you, you know, I'm doing crypto, I'm doing crypto. Boom, boom, boom. And the me I I know what I'm talking about. People are crying all over the message. The people that got into it's a pyramid. They suck people into it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I even got a video where they went where the place was in Texas and the and and the FBI is involved on it and things like that because of getting into this type of stuff among young people. So God knew if I come down on it, I would take the whole building down. So God took a young people, a young man to to handle you very good. So you know what he's talking about. So I have to say this &gt;&gt; so that no one in this church, young people, you who have friend in other churches who who bring you crypto, we can make money in stock market. Uh you're going to go down. &gt;&gt; I know people who lost money in the stock market. I also lost money in the stock market. So I know what it is. &gt;&gt; I was the one who told my broker buy this thing and the broker is telling me something and it's not making money and I told him I said look at this and mine was working. So I begin to learn a lot of stuff into this type of if you don't and and it's a thin line in the stock market between really investing and gambling. &gt;&gt; You play around you in gamble. Amen. &gt;&gt; You're not investing. You play around just a thin line. If you play around in a stock market, you find yourself gambling &gt;&gt; instead of in. There is investment. &gt;&gt; But there is gambling. And gambling is more popular than investment. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, this one say get in our program, start paying $200, and then we going to buy stock. Hey my friend, your pastor. That's why I say to be a pastor, it's a full coverage. &gt;&gt; I'm not throwing that. I'm talking to my church. Okay. Uh to be a pastor, it's not just preach the word, preach the marriage, financial, you you you got to because the devil is shooting everywhere. &gt;&gt; What does crypto why why is your bank not dealing with crypto? Mhm. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Why is Bank of America not dealing with crypto? &gt;&gt; Why do you have to be on Kraken? &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Why do you have to be in Coinbase? Some of you are going ding ding because I'm catching you. Why do if you don't want I close. I let you. You continue on your stuff. If you don't want, I close. Hey me, I'm fine. I already know how to stay away from it. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Coinbase. Where are my stuff? &gt;&gt; Because the Holy Spirit spoke. So it means somebody is either on the verge or somebody's sucking to this thing and they lost money &gt;&gt; or somebody's trying to do it &gt;&gt; or somebody his wife is mad. I'm I know what I'm talking about &gt;&gt; because his wife said no and the person insisted and now the family is on fire. I have a brother I I I I know a brother in the message came to me say brother Steven there is this investment investment I call him I say come sit down he started my I say are you sure about this investment he say yes I say go ahead and sign me a paper here I still have the paper I can sue him &gt;&gt; but I won't do it because before you cut it amen I say me the paper &gt;&gt; I took the money I gave it to him sir &gt;&gt; it didn't take two months the whole thing boom down. He's coming with explanation, sending me a text. Oh, we know what I say. You see, I can even sue you. &gt;&gt; Give me money. &gt;&gt; I'm not I know what I'm talking about. Amen. &gt;&gt; This is Which bank do you want me to take? &gt;&gt; We in America. &gt;&gt; This is Bank of America. &gt;&gt; Amen. Bank of America. Bank of America have a lot of high protection. You will understand what I'm saying. Plus FDIC. &gt;&gt; You see that on your car? You don't even know what it means, right? It is FDIC. So, in other words, if somebody stole your money, you can call the bank and the bank can return money back to your credit card. Even though they don't they they have not uh I mean caught the the the robber yet but you still have some security and everything. So your Bank of America is right here. Your your crypto doesn't want to deal with Bank of America because if he get through Bank of America the whole FBI system the whole bank system is watching crypto. &gt;&gt; Do you follow me? &gt;&gt; And Bank of America belongs to the United States. So this is what they do. They tell you move from here. &gt;&gt; This is your home. &gt;&gt; This is your house. &gt;&gt; I I believe you begin to understand. &gt;&gt; Then they say we can't deal with you in your house. &gt;&gt; Because mama is watching. &gt;&gt; Because daddy's watching. &gt;&gt; You too you too tight. &gt;&gt; Your pastor is too difficult. &gt;&gt; Your pastor uh can you sit down because Uh hey let me let me nail the devil a little bit. Okay. &gt;&gt; I am not taking away what he preach because sometime I make comment and somebody say no you took the your comment took now the people are there so I have to kill that thing down I suffer a lot with certain things. Okay so in your home that is too much &gt;&gt; brother Steven is too much &gt;&gt; there is a lot of regulation about courtship a lot of this. So it's too much to get you in your church. &gt;&gt; Come on now. We can't deal with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We have to go through your daddy to your mommy. We have to go through Bank of America. We got to go through the clearing house. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Right. &gt;&gt; So the crypto people say, "Come out from your house. &gt;&gt; Leave Brother Steven Church a little bit. Come out. &gt;&gt; Leave your parent home a little bit. Let me meet you at the park. &gt;&gt; Not in your home. In your home, daddy put a ring. So if I ring, they already recorded me. And on the backyard, there is a camera. All around spoken way, there are camera everywhere. If we go talk over there, there is a camera. Brother Robert is watching you. Brother Set is watching you. Everybody's recording you. So come out. Let's go a little bit out. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; Uh, you want me to close it? &gt;&gt; Okay. Then they say, "Come out from your house." Sorry, Sister Lily. I forgot about you. All right. They say come out from your house. &gt;&gt; So how do you come out? They say no no you come out because what they doing they have crypto. &gt;&gt; This is like an electronic money. &gt;&gt; Everybody okay? This is your US dollar. It's paper. You see this? This is virtual. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; This one is like an ocean. &gt;&gt; It can go to any country. No problem. &gt;&gt; For you to move dollar to the euro, you got to go through a process. &gt;&gt; But crypto is easy. Cryp crypto can immorate to anything. &gt;&gt; I don't know if you understanding. &gt;&gt; If you got crypto, crypto can become US dollar, Canadian dollar, &gt;&gt; Congo money, uh European money. Crypto can go everywhere. &gt;&gt; We clear? &gt;&gt; So they say come out from your house. How do you come out? They say no, no, no, no. We sell crypto. We are trading on crypto. Your dollar cannot come out over here quickly. We don't want to deal with your parent. So you move from here to what they call Coinbase or Kraken or your whatever bank you have like it's a bank that deal with uh uh trading. &gt;&gt; Are we together? So when you begin to move here, America begin to ask more security. &gt;&gt; They say this bank say you know what we need to be protected by the United States. Give your ID, scan your driver license &gt;&gt; and scan your address. Give your social security &gt;&gt; because now you already outside the house. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; Are we together? Because they don't want the FBI to come back on them and they say, "Hey, you guys are dealing with crooks over there." They say, "No, no, no. We ask so and so." The ID we confirm we confirm the address we confirm it in United States they American citizen but they just want to go into international trading right &gt;&gt; your money move from here $1,000 the $1,000 is here when you get here they say no no no we not going to deal with you here because America still have restriction with Kraken here are we together they say now take your money and buy crypto. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; Once your money leave Kraken or Coinbase or whichever bank you have, once you get into crypto, that's it. &gt;&gt; Now, even America, even the United States doesn't get here. So, here they gave you a fake portal. They tell you you have $1,000 and you have so and so share or you enter into a business where people are riding bikes &gt;&gt; in China and you are here in the US. You own a business in China in Hong Kong and they will start giving you money every week. This happened. I'm not telling you story. It just happened. They just closed the whole thing. Are we together? Over here there is no country, no United State, no nothing. You need the FBI to a high level to start getting into this. Once your money is right here in crypto for you to recuperate your money, do you follow me? &gt;&gt; You got to sell this first and come back again here. &gt;&gt; Do you follow me? &gt;&gt; Then you move from here and you come back again here. And when you get here, Coinbase say, "Hey, you got a lot of money. Let me give you seven days to verify where did this money comes. So to leave here quick boom you're here &gt;&gt; very quick &gt;&gt; up here quick but to come back here it's another problem. So once you are right here completely outside of your home &gt;&gt; are we together? This is when you go buy your cryptocurrency. And what they did, they would do, they will open up a website over here. And this website have nothing to do with this bank. It has nothing to do with your portal bank right here. So all your money is right here. The day they close the website, you don't even know which country they are. &gt;&gt; You don't even know where they came from. You don't even have a C. Even if they put a customer service, they can close the customer service and you don't know and before you know it, you are dealing with somebody maybe in China, &gt;&gt; maybe in Russia, maybe somewhere else that you have even no clue. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And once it's gone here, nobody can even trace it. &gt;&gt; So what they do, they get your money in crypto. If they in China, they take the crypto, they transfer it to Chinese and they get the money in China and you are here in the United States. If you look at this thing right here, it shows you the devil. Leave your parent home. Move up a little bit. No, no, no, no, no. Here there is too much security. We still right here. Move away from security. When you are completely isolated, then all hell will break loose on you and before you know it, every money is completely gone. And people are crying in the messes. Some put $10,000, some more than $10,000. It's all over the state. They're crying. The guys that were right here, they just shut this whole thing down. Boom. And they disappear. So you were all coming up from Bank of America, Well Fargo, Fifth Third, and you all jump right here and they just killed this thing right here. So if you ask Crack and crack and say, "I don't know anything about it." You the one that went into the ocean. I didn't tell you to go over there. You took the money yourself. You went there. I warned you. I told you to sandpaper. You were too quick to sandpaper. That's your problem over there. That company never existed. And because message believer brother Brandham say you need to investigate and to make sure where you are you investing is legitimate. So now they begin to come up with scheme that they attach it to a business. So they tell you no no no no they are I mean the bike in Europe &gt;&gt; uh that you are you are owning a bike. So in the morning you sign in you clock in and you hear message believe I just clock in $200 a day. You oweing a bank, you owing a bike in in Hong Kong. &gt;&gt; You living in America. [Music] &gt;&gt; So when they close, go to Hong Kong. Go ask the people in Hong Kong, where is your bike? &gt;&gt; You see, a normal thinking is not even there. That's why the word of God is coming &gt;&gt; to stop all this type of stuff here. Please in this church you who have friend who know too much we invest in stock market and stuff stay away from this type of stuff. I know what I'm talking about. Some of you already heard that people are crying all over the state because of this thing here. And they will give you three month or four month they give you money. They give you money and you become a preacher. So if somebody get in this church, &gt;&gt; you young people, you understanding me? If somebody get in this church among you and begin to go in a nicolent spirit right here &gt;&gt; and begin to tell you about trading, trading, there is a young man in the church in America right here that enter and was going around young men and getting the money for trading until the thing was brought to the pastor and he suck money from the young people telling them he knows how to trade. And I know the young man. I saw him myself &gt;&gt; and he's still in the message church. &gt;&gt; So if you come here with all your online virtual begin to pull young people here, I will come to you with the deacon in this church and I will talk to you straight because this thing are coming from hell. Because what happened once you begin to do it for one month every day 200 200 200 200 and you see them going out say wow $1,000 a week doing nothing with a bike in Hong Kong &gt;&gt; and then you come and they say if you bring somebody in they will pay you $200. Guess what? outside. Brother Charles, brother Charles behind. Brother so and so, sister so and so. Before you know it, I'm sleeping at home reading brother. Now I have to deal with the whole church and to know who started this, who brought this because somebody's mad against somebody else. It didn't happen here. I don't want it to happen. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; Are we together? Stay away from this. Brother Brandham say don't do this type of stuff. &gt;&gt; It is gambling. you're going to lose your money. &gt;&gt; Don't be too quick to make money. &gt;&gt; If somebody's pulling you somewhere to make money quickly, brother Brown, I'm saying stay away from thing that make money overnight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Money come slowly and gradually. &gt;&gt; God is your money. &gt;&gt; Correct the habit. The money will be there. But don't get into this gimmick. &gt;&gt; Overnight, &gt;&gt; overnight money. Overnight money. And they are I mean incentive. If you put $300, if you put $3,000, you're going to have 300 a day. If you put $7,000, you get 500 a day. If you put $50,000, you get 1,000 a day. And somebody who have 50,000, guess what? They say in three months, we reach. In three months you put, they give you a,000, they give you a,000, they give you a,000. Before you know it, when they lock out of your 50, you only receive 9,000 back. &gt;&gt; A down payment for a whole house is gone. &gt;&gt; The root, the love of money, &gt;&gt; that's it, &gt;&gt; is the root of all evil. &gt;&gt; Are we together, young people? If somebody calls you, call me. I will go talk to him. Very good. I would even drive my car straight to their home and go talk to them. I don't want anybody to be caught here &gt;&gt; because there is nothing to trace. This is done internationally. I know a second brother who came to me. He said, "But Stephen, this is working. This is working. This is working." I said, "Take the money, girl." Before you know it, he came with explanation with his wife. I say, "He's explaining me. Give me my money back. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So your pastor went through a lot of stuff. &gt;&gt; Are we together? God help me learn all this stuff. Stay away from this type of environment. Go back to the message of the whatever you want to do. If you're not sure of what you're doing, I am your pastor. Give me a call and say, "Brother Steven, have brotherham ever say something about this type of stuff? What do you think about it? We can search for you and give you, but don't be clicking and before you know it, it's meeting. Some became manager, super manager. And they told me one was in the church with a tambourine. Glory to God. When they shut down, the boy could not play the tambourine no more in the church. Everybody was gone. It's not you. You didn't do anything. It's It is coming from another church. Meeting meeting. Young people, young people, please. You don't know what you're venturing into. Stay away from that. Watch the person. Watch the person that is talking to you. Watch the young man that is talking to you. Watch the young sister that is talking to you. If everything they're doing, it's not filter by the word of God. Stay away. The difficulty in marriages are very difficult to handle. You will suffer. If you marry a crow, good luck. You got to wait till the rapture come. &gt;&gt; He won't die quickly. You can put a life insurance on him. He won't die quickly. Are we together? &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; So young men come. Don't follow what they telling you. Filter by the word of God. &gt;&gt; Some people say I'm too tough on boys or or anything. I'm I'm a boy. &gt;&gt; So they talking to me like I'm I'm I'm not I'm not a man. I'm I was a boy. Yes sir. &gt;&gt; Brother Steven is too. Yes, I was a boy. I know. &gt;&gt; From my youth when I was growing up, I always spend time watching and observing and learning and I saw wicked stuff among men. &gt;&gt; An ungenerated boy &gt;&gt; is very dangerous. &gt;&gt; Let me repeat it again. A boy that is not born again in this message. &gt;&gt; Leave the Pentecostal alone is very dangerous. &gt;&gt; That's why if you're not born again, stay under your parent &gt;&gt; and let your parent help you up and your pastor help you out because it's dangerous. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; The scheme boys do. &gt;&gt; Amen. I was sitting there they you look at them they worse than we I mean voodoo doctor what they were doing &gt;&gt; I'm going to finish with this my friend that's why you see me tough &gt;&gt; amen &gt;&gt; that's why you can say God bless you and my eyes are looking at different things &gt;&gt; because I don't care what you say God bless you I'm trying to see who is this young man because once he get you &gt;&gt; amen &gt;&gt; once you say I do right here &gt;&gt; now you come to tell me Go back and undo again. You will do it yourself. Not me. Don't come because I usually ask you question right here before the whole congregation. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; Are we together? I'm want to finish with this. &gt;&gt; There was a man, a boy that was coding dating a girl in a city. &gt;&gt; And I want to finish with this so you have time to go think young sister and ponder about this. And then he traveled to another city. A very good player. I know him very well. I know the man very well. A very good player. Unbelievable. He can he can he can memorize a book &gt;&gt; and tell you about Parish. But he never been in Paris. &gt;&gt; And if you go to Parish, he can tell you even the avenue of Paris. &gt;&gt; But he never been there. And if you've been there, you will say the boy is right. The boy. So he can impress you. Unbelievable. I've seen that. This is not I'm not telling you story. So he left that city and went to another city and the girl was so infatuated with love rolling on the bed falling. He got a boyfriend who love him and everything and uh the boy was too busy and he wrote if I'm not mistaken seven or 10 letters. &gt;&gt; Do you follow me? I'm saying this for a purpose so you understand why I'm strict the way I am. He wrote 10 or seven letters to the young lady and he attached the letter to gift. &gt;&gt; Should I stop? &gt;&gt; You need to go home. It's Wednesday. &gt;&gt; It's Wednesday. He took He took seven. Okay, let's go by seven. He took seven gift he attached to the letter. And when he finished to attach to the letter, every letter have a different date. And I'm going to give you an explanation. Letter number one. Say, "I love you, honey. I just came to the city. I'm missing you. You're the best. You the babble or my Pepsi. You you this and all of this." And they tell you everything, all of this that they say, you know, I miss you. This, this, this, this is the gift I sent you. &gt;&gt; Do you follow me? &gt;&gt; Do you follow me? &gt;&gt; The letter, that's that's letter number one. &gt;&gt; Letter number two says, I receive your letter. I receive your letter, and I'm glad to to receive something from you. Thank you for riding me back. Thank you very much and I love you. I appreciate your letter. And in other words, he anticipated &gt;&gt; the response. &gt;&gt; Do you follow me? &gt;&gt; Do you follow me? And later three goes like that. Okay, since it says been three month, thank you. I receive your letter. And he lended all of them and he put into a big case and he sent it to his brother. So his brother got a letter in the city sitting in the room. So after two three weeks they pick letter one with uh instruction and they bring it to you. They say sister so and so this is your letter from your husband and you there jumping all the all your letter home. &gt;&gt; Why did God let me see those stuff? Why did God let me sit? I can sit with you and tell you story about boy. That's why when I sit down I and you see my eyes narrowing down. I don't play game because I take you like my children &gt;&gt; because I seen pastor loose. Anybody can come and play run play. Uhuh. If I see you going around going around going around, I will catch you. If not, we deliver you to the devil or you find another pastor quickly. No problem about it. Are we together? &gt;&gt; So the the young lady was there. After two or three weeks, they take letter number two and she bring another letter. Thank you. This is the letter. You take it to the city. And they gave her letter number two. All the letter was sitting at home. And the crazy man was there whooping his life with other women in another city. And the woman staying here thinking the husband is responding to her letter and sending back. Can you see the level of deception? &gt;&gt; Do you see that when I told you your mind are now wide open? You need a filter. &gt;&gt; A thinking man filter. You need the word of God. This is not a story somebody told me. This is something I witness. I saw it and I look at the woman blind, completely blind, thinking the letters are coming with the airplane. This is how that's why brother say a man without the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; is a beast. &gt;&gt; It's an animal. &gt;&gt; It's an animal, my friend. &gt;&gt; Are we together? Let's go back to the thinking man filter. &gt;&gt; It might seems like it's too tough but at the end it will bless you. &gt;&gt; It will remove a lot of headache from your life. If you get a good mate, you will be soaring like an eagle. Even if a problem is there, you will be so all your problem will be o over I mean overtaken by love and resolve quickly and you would never even you will even sit in your in in your marriage and ask yourself a question. I heard so much so many wrong thing about marriage but I never of course because you made a right choice you would never experience that one. This is why we coming. I can preach marriage and divorce but I don't want you to get divorced. I'm not going to preach to you and divorcing in this church. No, marriage and divorce is there for the people who already in trouble but not you getting again into a marriage and getting divorced because the the the previous generation in the message a lot of divorce were happened. Why? Because it was uh like real estate marriages and u uh putting people together. I mean real estate marriage I mean brokers marriages. That was the word I was looking for. I mean this one putting this one together, this one putting the and all of them busted, busted, busted, busted. It was good. Hey, so and so got married because of me. So and so look, look after five years. Look, look, it's the children that are suffering in the middle. Why? Real estate brokers marriages &gt;&gt; and now you got another broker. Facebook, you got another broker. Twitter, another broker. Instagram, he's putting you together. This one is putting you together. This one is putting you together. This one is putting you together. Before you know it, man, those picture you see online, wait till you see the real Ben. &gt;&gt; Wait till you see the real deal. You will be like, "He doesn't look like it." &gt;&gt; And I'm going to finish with this one. There was a one that has a nice picture, a lady in this in this America here. Put it on Facebook and the young man say, "I want this one." The young man took a ticket and went there and dropped there. The lady came with her sister at the airport to come and pick it up. When the young man dropped at the airport, he looked, he said, "Who are you?" &gt;&gt; Do you see what I'm saying? The young man begin to talk to the young sister of the lady. And the lady got upset. Did you come for my sister or for me? Who are you? &gt;&gt; Let's stand, my friend. Let me let you go home. &gt;&gt; Stay with the message. Stay with the word. Instagram is not our filter. Kirk Franklin is not our filter. Mavericks is not our filter. [Music] &gt;&gt; Those rock and roll boys that fly with a guitar like this, that's not our filter. All the sacredness in Christian worship has been removed. &gt;&gt; They are dressing any kind of way. They are preaching any kind of way. We preaching with a suit. We became like the old guys. Now preachers have to go with a with a shirt and button and you preaching the gospel. The gospel with a shirt and button &gt;&gt; and before you know it, it's a pant that is uh torn down and then we singing for the Lord and the anointing. Of course, the voice will make you vibrate. The instrument will make you vibrate. That's the anointing of Balum. &gt;&gt; But it's not the anointing of Israel. You think I'm too hard, one of this day you will understand. &gt;&gt; All we want, you want to get married, follow the correct channel. You want to get married, follow the correct channel. You want to do something, watch what does the word says about this. If you're not sure, stay away. If you need money, ask God. God will give you money. &gt;&gt; But don't get into gimmicks. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly tonight. Father, thanking you for your grace, your love, your mercy, and for everything that you've been doing for your children. Father, you're the one that opened up this channel. And as a shepherd, I just felt led to express and to share these things with the local flock both here and internationally, those that are streaming so that Lord, Father, we can understand because your prophet told us that to overcome is to recognize the devil in all his tactics, Lord. Father, I pray that you protect the church. Protect the young men in this church. Protect the young sister in this church. Protect the family all over the world, Lord. Father, may you be merciful to us, Lord. And may your spirit come and clean all these things away from our home, Lord, so that we can understand that we need to depend completely upon thee because you prove it in the scripture that man shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God and that word is the thinking man filter. Lord, help this church and give us travel mercy as we go into our respective place. And whoever is struggling with what we spoke, Lord, Father, may your grace come and open up their eyes, Lord, so that they can realize the latest of the hour and the trap of the enemy because he only come to steal, to destroy, and to kill, Lord. In other words, there is nothing good that is coming out of Satan. Father, may you protect us under your blood and may you bless us. Strengthen your men's servant, Lord, Father, and take the remaining of the weak unto thy hand in Jesus precious name. Amen. I'll bless you, brother Satan. Jes worthy is your name [Music] Jesus. [Music] Lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus [Music] mighty. [Music] Oh, you [Music] might [Music] Jesus [Music] might [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus [Music] worthy is for me. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, worthy. [Music]
