################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-04-30 - (4-30-17AM) Sunday Morning Worship - Simon Smith - Simon Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2017-04-30
Title:   (4-30-17AM) Sunday Morning Worship - Simon Smith
Speaker: Simon Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r94dpVyQevE
========================================

[Music] Where are you? [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] How are you? [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Absolutely. [Music] [Music] In the back rows are here today. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Sometimes I need you. [Music] Settle down. [Music] Just here. You can say [Music] Chef [Music] Okay. [Music] There's nothing. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Yeah. [Music] Yes. All right. [Music] [Music] Um, let's do this. [Applause] [Music] [Music] two. Huh? [Music] [Applause] [Music] Ah! Huh? Huh? [Music] Huh? Ah. [Music] I feel glory to [Applause] tell [Music] [Applause] [Music] Glorus to tell you a [Applause] [Music] story. But Jesus is glory. [Music] [Applause] Jesus because I know it's true. [Music] [Applause] is my [Music] [Applause] [Music] long to tell the story. [Music] I glory to tell the story of what Jesus [Applause] [Music] [Applause] All it [Music] that all the golden seed. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] And then [Applause] just [Music] I love to tell the story will be my glory [Applause] [Music] [Applause] the story [Applause] [Music] Jesus to tell the story for those who Oh, [Applause] it [Applause] [Applause] [Music] seems the morning. [Music] I sing the new song will be the all story that I have so long. I love to tell the story to be my dream story to tell the old story of Jesus and his glad that story this morning. Amen. Amen. Let's open with a word of prayer. Let's just bow our heads here for a moment as we go before the Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, we love you this morning. Father, we're just thankful, Lord, for all things, for our life, our breath, our being. We're thankful that you're not far from each one of us, Lord God, as the scripture declares in Acts 17. Lord, how you want to be worshiped today, how you want to be adored today. And Lord, we say yes, we will love you. We will praise you. We will adore you, Lord God. We come reverently this morning, Father, worshiping you. Forgive us of our sins and trespasses, any iniquities in our hearts and lives. Forgive us, Lord. May you bring swift forgiveness, Lord, into our lives. May we receive that, Father. Bless our time here, Lord, as we come before you, Lord Jesus. Be with every song, Lord. Be in Lord, the prayer requests, be the preaching, Lord, the song specials, Lord. The whole service may have preeminence in the Lord Jesus be glorified this morning. We give you honor and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Church said amen. Let's see that chorus again. Tell me [Music] [Applause] [Music] before Jesus. [Applause] Like my vision. I sing that Lord of my heart. Praise God. Thank God my heart be all to me. thousand. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] I [Applause] [Music] toe thou with me, oh Lord, thou my great father. [Applause] Thou in [Applause] dwelling with me. My battle shield be [Music] thou my battle sword [Applause] my be thou my thou my delight come my soul shelter and th Praise thaven earth. [Applause] Rich is I not nor is empty [Applause] gra init. And it's [Applause] now restless in my heart. My king of [Applause] heaven. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. My king of heaven, my victory. May I reach heaven of my own heart. [Applause] still be my vision. Oh ruler. Praise God. Be thou my vision. Be thou my vision. Oh Lord of my will be save. [Music] [Applause] I did my waking or sleeping thy presence. Let's do that before we take prayer requests and offerings and so forth. Rock of Ages. Thank you Jesus. [Applause] We are [Applause] [Music] sure of my and thy [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Applause] commone and thone. [Applause] Nothing to the cross I made for help with your [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Graior breath. When my eyes shall close to when I be on my [Applause] thraise. Let's stand on our feet. make a few prayer requests here as we stand here. One, two prayer requests. The Graham family has some sick children or some sickness. So, let's pray for them. And brother Adam, would you come pray for these brother? That' be okay. The Graham family needs prayer here. And also just prayer pray for three people getting baptized today. Brother Chad Lamb's church Bible study with him yesterday with the help of Wesley Godfrey. They're all three men are are deaf, I believe. was able to Wesley was able to sign the message of water baptism to them. All three want to get baptized today. So very thankful for that. Let's pray that they keep pressing on into the faith. Amen. The name of Russ, Benjamin, and Hunter. We have to remember that. Brother, just so you know, if you want to pray for them now as we lift them up in prayer, God, use our brother Simon. They're in a wonderful way. So very thankful for that. How's sister Chie Does she have baby yet? Yes, she does. Glory. Let's give the Lord a round of applause. [Applause] this boy. God heard our prayers. Amen. Our prayers fit into his perfect will this time. Very thankful for that. Praise God. Just those two requests. Anybody else have any other needs on their hearts? Blame it. Okay. What's her name? Is it Lucia? Lucille. Pray for God's will there. Any other requests? Before Adam comes, just let you know. As you can tell, I got rid of one row up here. I felt like there was just a lot of there wasn't much room. So, I might even move up the first row a little bit. That means in the future when everybody's here, when all the when all the families with little kids are here, we have to save the last three rows for children with parents with little children. And so just so you know, like I count it up, we have 26 seats in the last three rows and we got 25 people if all the all the young children and mothers and fathers if they all come. So we need those last three rows for the young families by God's grace. But today I think we have numerous families out. So sit anywhere you want today by God. But just be mindful it's always only on Sunday. You don't have to worry about that on Wednesday or Sunday night. Just Sunday morning by God's grace. And also sister Sarah had a birthday I believe on Friday. Let's give her a round of [Applause] applause. Brother Adam, if you come here, pray for me. Three requests [Music] then. Father, thank you for this day, Lord. Thank you for everything you've done for us, Lord. Yes, Lord. We pray for the grand family, Lord. Lord, may you help them with their sickness that's going on in their house. Lord, may you help whoever's struggling, Lord. May you just give them give them strength, Lord, to overcome their sickness, Lord. May be Lord, Lord. Give them all strength, Lord. Lord, we'll serve you more. We pray Lord for these three brothers, Lord. Lord, probably baptized Lord. We pray for this praying out Lord. May these be upon the word of God Lord. We give them strength Lord more wisdom, more knowledge of your true word Lord. Yes. We just lead them guide Lord. We pray for a land Lord sisters. We help their help their uh parents Lord going through struggling period. Lord they make a divorce. Lord, we give them give them more wisdom or Lord we just put some on their hearts. Lord, we know your words correct. Lord, your words, we should never ever do the divorce. Lord, we pray for their family, Lord. Jesus, we just give more wisdom in their in their family. Yes, Lord. And sisters, you just give them more wisdom to be to overcome whatever they're struggling in their marriage, Lord. Jesus, may we just give them more victories, Lord. Yes. And that would be your will, Lord. Yes, Lord. We pray for all the brothers and sisters, Lord, who aren't here today, Lord. Yes, Lord. We pray for their salvation, Lord. Lord, not sure why they're out here, Lord, but may give them more victory, Lord. If they're struggling with something, Lord, may give them more wisdom and more knowledge and more more godly characters, Lord. Yes. May have your perfect grace upon, Lord. Yes. If any unspoken request, Lord, that you have at church hands, Lord. Yes, Lord. May you just help them Lord of any unspoken request Lord you know everyone all the everyone who's struggling Lord you know who's sick Lord you know who's going through a trial Lord may just have your purpose will Lord help guide them Lord in the right way Lord pray for sister Lord Jesus our age older you Lord we just help her Lord and just have just keep on bowing Lord Yes. Just pray for just pray Jesus keep on fighting finding your your word Lord. Yes Lord. Keep them staying your word. Yes. We pray for the tithe and offerings. Lord may you bless those who are able to give. Lord may you help those who are able to give. Lord just give them all more more wisdom. May we just help help those who are struggling their finances or who are struggling. just try to keep on pushing on Lord Lord help them Lord in the name of Jesus Christ we pray the [Music] Lord be seated by God's grace we have one special look forward to that enjoyed that one on Sunday night that was just let's give that a round of applause blessing to me brother thank you we have a special Okay. Bless. [Music] It matters to me about you. Yes. Yes. Your heartaches, your sorrows. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Regardless of what you may do, He wants you. He loves you. And he cares. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. It matters to him about [Music] [Music] to his understand for it matters to him [Music] [Applause] about the sun will have the stars are in his [Applause] How wonderful to know where you can reach. Hallelujah. Yes. about you. Thank you. Praise God. Yes. [Music] to his hand. He understand [Music] that about [Applause] you. Yes. last night. [Music] Amen. Praise God. [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Anybody else have a special? I want to try a new song. I Well, to me, King's Highway, Highway to Heaven. It's new to me. Probably a really old song, but it's new to me. Does anybody know about God's grace? We just have the very happy brother Lauren Brother's YouTube page. I like this one. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Walking on the highway. I know it's walking on the high sideway. There's an [Applause] [Music] up and the pur It's a high walking up the king. Don't have to worry. Don't have to worry. Don't have to worry. Walking on highway. Christ is inside. Christ is inside. Angels to guide me walking on the knees. It's a [Applause] [Music] high to walking up the highway. It's a high [Applause] [Music] to the [Applause] [Music] [Applause] glory. Appreciate that. Thank you, sir. Thanks for bearing with me there. I'm trying to get the right key. Let's sing. Our Lord is coming back to earth. And after that, we'll sing one more song. Have our brother Simon to come and minister this morning. I'm looking forward to the word of God this morning. Surely. Praise God. I'm watching for [Music] [Applause] the restless. [Applause] Oh my heart is still captured as a neighbor watching praying. For our Lord is coming again. Oh our Lord is coming back again. Yes. Our Lord is coming back again. Jesus will be the answer to your sorrow of the Lord and see all sickness and the suffer. Our sins will die and our savior will come back again. Our Lord is coming back to earth again. Our word is coming back [Music] again. That's right. [Music] The Lord shall come to Zion perfect. He shall [Music] reest again. Yes, our Lord is coming back again. as our Lord is coming back to earth again will be found after sorrow all the earth is We cry for a day of release for our Jesus coming again. Oh, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Yes, our Lord is coming back again. I know tonight after Jesus shall come back. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Let's sing one more song as our brother comes to minister this morning by God's grace. Let's sing a little song. He is all I need. Jesus is all I need. How many need Jesus today? Amen. He's all I need today. He's all I need tomorrow. He's all I need every day. Let's see that as he comes here to minister the word of God. Praise God. He is all I need. Jesus is all I need. [Music] He is all I need. He is all I need. Jesus is all I need. I worship him in scripture. Oh my god. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I take him now for all that I need. I take him now. Amen. I will take him now. I will take him down for all that I [Applause] [Music] take. [Music] I will take [Applause] it for [Music] all I need. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. The word of God. Praise God. Praise God. I guess we'll uh we're going to do three passages of scripture by God's grace. Amen. Turn to Exodus 16:31. Everybody feeling good this morning? Amen. Yes. Amen. We know on this day what almost 2,000 years ago Jesus Christ rose from the dead which which gave us that sealing power. Amen. Lost for all that would receive him that we could go on into glory with God for this the s day this Sunday. Glory. Hallelujah. the old time saints felt led to meet on this day. Special day just set aside and just just to come worship God and how it's worked into our society and culture that the Sunday would have off that would not work on that day. So we had freedom for of religion. We can go to any house we choose or any place to go and worship the God of our choice. Amen. and thank the Lord Jesus Christ that he has opened our eyes to see who he really is. Amen. We can worship the true Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. So let's read these three passages of scripture in Exodus 16:31. Just a simple thought this morning. Um, Exodus 16:31 says, "And the house of Israel called the name thereof mana. It was like a coriander seed, white, and the taste of it was like wafers made with honey." Amen. Turn to John 13 verse 26. And Jesus answered, "He it is to whom I give a sap when I have dipped it." And when he had dipped the sap, he gave it to Judas a Scariot, the son of Simon. Yes. Turn to first Peter 2 verse 2 through 3. Amen. And then we'll say we're praise God. Praise God. Amen. First Peter 2 chapter 2 verse two. It says, "As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word that ye may grow thereby if so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious." Amen. So, let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we just love you, God. We thank you for this morning, Lord, for this day, Lord. You've kept every soul, Lord, and they've pushed their way out to the house of God, Lord. just bless them God Lord with a supernatural blessing this morning Lord Jesus Lord extra spiritual strength God Lord extra spiritual anointing God Lord may they just have that spiritual hunger Lord God deep down within them Lord Jesus Lord that keeps us God Lord Lord don't ever let your hand off of us God Lord hold us Lord all the way Lord that your hand would be upon us every day of our lives Lord and at that specific moment Lord may that hand just pull us right up into the clouds God to be called away with you forever and ever. Lord, we love you, Lord. Just bless this little Sunday school, Lord. And Lord, just uh just be able to keep everything right on the word. Yes, Jesus. We're right on topic, Lord. We just want to have you want you to have full control, Lord, over this little tiny vessel here, God. We love you. We trust you, God, Lord, in all things. Lord, just bless your service, God, in the name Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Praise God. I forgot that's my pastor and I'm sure he sends greetings from living water. Amen. You know, we all have full-time jobs here. You know how hectic that can be and running here and running there and forgetting this and forgetting that. Uh this week's been kind of hectic. I've been on the first two days. I was on the first or second slash third shift and then I was kind of worked worked pretty hard those two days and I went right back to first off Wednesday. So you know how it goes. You're tired. We're out and of course Wednesday service. you get five and a half hours of sleep because you get to live so far from home. And we had Sunday school for uh Precious Saints uh there Thursday night at uh at a brother's house there to feed him with more more words, more Bible studies. Amen. And then I come home Friday after work and I just passed out on the couch. But we did have good Bible studies on yesterday. Amen. Praise God. Two those three brothers in prayer. Uh, I believe they got a taste of the difference of the word that you and I eat every day, this mana, and something to them. You could see and they wanted to get baptized today. So, we're trusting that God will get them baptized by God's grace. Amen. So, um, if I had a little title for this morning, it would be, uh, taste the feeling. Amen. Taste the feeling. So, praise God. I believe it was in February I was little out after the job. I was in Michigan and I told my wife we're going on a vacation. So we went to a vacation down in Texas. And on the way back the the stewardist lady there that runs the aisles. She says sir and ma'am do you want something to drink? I said absolutely. I said what do you want? I said what do you have? And I said well let's grab a Coke. Uh she gave me a little cup there with ice and coke in it and gave it to me and gave me a napkin. on the napkin. The Coke slogan now is taste the feeling. Man, that just that thought went through me. Taste the feeling. Taste the feeling. And saints of God, every time when you go to service and the man of God is up here, the pastor or the minister or whoever is teaching and and and and it feels so good when he's bringing forth the word and you bring out nuggets here and nuggets there and you eat them up and you that just feels just amazing. You've actually tasted the word of God. It's come into your spiritual ears and it's went down into your spiritual stomach and man, it just tastes so good. Absolutely. And that's what that's what it feels like every time we come to service that we hear something just fresh. We know we believe this is not a denomination. We're not controlled by men. We know that your pastor is being not not given a sermon topic or a sermon title or a program from another man higher than him, but he's getting something fresh from Jehovah himself. Jesus Christ from heaven. Absolutely. He's here what? To open the word to you. Amen. Amen. So when I was thinking all these things, I uh had went to Exodus there and I started thinking about taste of feeling and where did the taste really begin with? And I thought about the mana from heaven. Now, this as we go into this uh uh me and my my brother uh Cam there and my pastor there, we were we were looking at a scripture there uh uh back there in John 13 and we had pondered and prodded and kind of and I'm hoping by God's grace we can open that up to you just have a little more understanding in the word of God because I believe it's opened up uh to us by God's grace. Amen. So turn to Exodus 12:32. Taste the feeling. Exodus 12:32, he says, "Also taken your flocks." This is Exodus as they're being expelled. Egypt didn't want no more. There's too many plagues, too many deaths. They have spoiled Egypt. And Egypt was left ruined. And they said, "Get out from among us." Pharaoh finally said, he said, "Get out of here. I don't want nothing to do with you no more. Your God's just too powerful. And verse four, one more out of us. Get out of here and go serve your God. He says, Exodus 12:36 says, he says, "Also take your flocks and your herds as he has said and be gone." He says, "And bless me also." He said, "The Egyptians were urgent upon the people that they might send them out of the land in haste." They're pushing them. Get out of here. Don't have nothing to do with us anymore. We can't stand you guys. Right. Right. I don't know what took place, but something's come down from heaven and moved mighty upon this land and then wiped it out. And I think you're part of the cause. Get out of here. Sure. And look, he says, "And the Egyptians were urging with the people that I send about the land in haste, for they said, we be all dead men. If they stay any longer, not only the first four will be gone," he said, "but the rest of us will wipe us out because of the judgments of God." Amen. But look at the people of God right here. Uh Israel, he says, "And the people took their dough that was before it was leaven." They took it before it was lev and they're knitting cross being bound up in their clothes upon their shoulders. So anytime you're about to leave, usually the one when you get to the point when you want to leave the world, you receive an unleavened word, not a denominational word, one that's got leaven and sin and man-made creed that'll keep you right in Egypt. But here their bread at the time of departure unleaven. Amen. When I was stuck in Pentecost, I started hearing word that was unleavened, that was pure. for the mysteries opening up the true doctrine of baptism, the true doctrine of God that and I had all this all this bread here that was unleavened and I put it up and I threw it on my back and I headed out of Egypt. I can relate to this scripture. Absolutely. This is our this is our truly out of the world into the promised land which is the Holy Ghost. Amen. Glory. And the people took their dough before was leaven and their kneading trolls. He bound up the clothes. He says, "And the Lord of Israel did according to the word of E Moses. And they borrowed of the Egyptians. They spoiled a lot of silver and jewels of gold and rain." He lord gave the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians. Yes, sir. He says, "So they let out such things they had required and they spoiled the Egyptians." Amen. Amen. Glory. Verse 20. I'm sorry. Verse 38. And the mixed multitude went up with them also. And the flocks and the herds even very much cattle, and they baked unleaven cakes of the dough which they had brought forth out of Egypt. He says, "For it was not leaven." Look, they kept it pure. And as they headed out, they kept it pure and they baked cakes and they ate the pure word of God. Absolutely. Amen. For the what they had, they knew was right on the word. Absolutely. Amen. He said because they were thrust out of Egypt and could not tear it, neither had they prepared themselves any word or the seeing Moses come down or led up the Holy Ghost. And when these folks bring the word of God to the people, they made their what? Their belief system pure. They knew there was now a true God that was going to come and deliver them out of the slavery. Absolutely. And they were hand in hell. Now it was time to start booking. Time to start trekking out of Egypt right into what? They were heading to the land of glow. The Lord land. Absolutely. And gra uh clusters of grapes so big it took two men to hold it on their shoulders. Absolutely. Yes. Amen. Now, as we get down further, just a couple days, maybe a week or whatever, down the road in Exodus 16:E2, he says, "And the whole congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness." He says, "And the children of Israel sent what to God that we die by the hand of the Lord in the land of Egypt, when we sat by the flesh pots, and we to eat bread to the fool. For you have brought us out forth into this wilderness to kill this whole assembly with a hunger. And saints of God, we have not experienced the lamb in this message. You heard the true word heard what everything unfolding and things are getting clearer and clearer as glory to God. Amen. Yes, sir. Yes. Thank you, Jesus. said, "Saith the Lord of the Moses, behold," he says, "I will rain bread from heaven for you." Notice what this was. What? The former rain bringing what? The bread from heaven. The word of God now comes down to the people and saints of God. This is us. It started raining in the 40s and the 50s and 60s and the rain, the bread just come on down. Absolutely. Amen. It looks like it to me. Oh my. He says, "And I'll rain from heaven for you." He says, "And the Lord shall go out and and the people shall go out and gather a certain rain every day." But what was the bread sent forth? It was sent to prove them. Yes. Amen. Yes. Beautiful. We listen sermons from the 40s and 50s and the 60s. And that bread that we eat as we listen to these sermons and we go to service and listen to the ministers. That bread that we eat is going to prove you. Yes. Yes. You say you've come out of Egypt. You say you've left denomination. This bread will prove you. Yes. It'll see if you're real or not. Amen. It'll protect you every moment, every day. We must be sure. Amen. Glory. It's the proving bread. Hallelujah. Amen. Notice that bread that they came out of Egypt, though it was unleavened, that was not the bread that was going to prove him, but it had to be the bread from heaven. Amen. It must be the supernatural spiritual bread. Glory. Glory. Who can tie these scriptures in like this prophet through God? or God through the prophet. Yes. Or vice versa. Yes. How can you write these Bible studies? How can these things How can the word just come together that no man can do that? That was Jesus Christ. Amen. This was not a a super intellectual. He was a Kentucky. Yes, we know the kingdom. Amen. Yes, sir. As we've battled many denominations or or preachers or this and that and however from then you find out this word is unbeatable. You want to fight fight simple use baptism. Amen. Can you can't even mess with all they can do is deny it. That's right. Or say, "Well, I'm not sure this or I'm not sure that or they always use reasoning. They have no scripture." That's right. Amen, brother. That's right. Amen. Very simple, saints. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. He says, "And why?" He said, "That I may prove them whether they will walk in my law or no." Right. Right. So this ran from heaven, this manner was sent to prove whether and approves you every day if you be in the faith. Amen. Why? Because of what that bread is no longer just falling, but now it's in us. And what is written all in our hearts and every time we make a wrong action or say a wrong thing or think a wrong thought it proves us. Absolutely. We don't repent it'll get us. Yes. Amen. Exodus 16 verse 31. Now look he says and the house of Israel called the name thereof mana and it was like the coriander seed and it was alive. So they come down in the morning and the dew had just already just come down and now they upon the dew comes these little seeds and they're little white seeds. Yes. Yes. And the taste of it was like wafers made with honey. Amen. And Moses said, "This is the thing which the Lord commanded." He says, "Billing over of it to be kept for your generations, that they may see the bread which I have fed you in the wilderness when I brought you forth from the land of Egypt." So they kept some of this and put it in a little over and they put it right in the the holiest of holies right in there in right in the uh uh the ark of the covenant by God. Yes. Yes. And the high priest would be able to go in there and taste of it and know this is the exact same thing that God sent down from heaven. Absolutely. Amen. Sure. Hallelujah. Absolutely. Now, Exodus 16:34, as the Lord commanded Moses, so Aaron laid it up before the testimony to be kept. And the children of Israel did eat mana 40 years until they came to a land inhabited. They did eat mana until they came to the bors, the land of Canaan. And That's right. Wow. Amen. Right. Wow. Did not come ready. It came in the sea for Why? Now look at the process, the refining of the mana. Now in numbers 11 verse one and when the people complained it displeased the Lord because they got tired of this man this word. Right. Right. Right. All these things. Absolutely. Amen. But now look at the refining here. He says and when the people complained and displeased the Lord and the Lord heard it and his anger was killed and the fire of the Lord burned among them and consumed them where the uttermost parts of the camp arrived. Now they started complaining and and and verse four says they were fellow lusting and the children of Israel also wept again said who shall give us flesh to eat. Jesus we remember the fish and didn't we not eat in the Egypt freely the cucumbers and the melons and the leaks and the onions and the garlic. Hi uh sister case she gave me some garlic wild garlic this morning I can still taste it a lot of mercy. Verse six he says and now our soul is dried away. There's nothing at all besides this mana before our eyes. Look, it became nothing to them. But look how they were fighting as this white seed come down from heaven. They had to gather this white seed, this pure seed. White represents what? Purity. And it was in seed form. Look at verse seven. And the mana was as a coriander seed in the color of as the color of vanilla. And the people went about and gathered and ground it in mills. and beat it in a mortar and baked it in pans and made a case of it. And the taste was as the fresh [Applause] [Music] oil comes in seed form, but it must be baked and mixed. It's got to be beaten and growing down. It's got to be broken down against produce the oil [Applause] under the Holy Ghost. that when they come out of Egypt and they had their own unleavened bread, that bread did not produce oil, but only just like the Holy Ghost. They make bread and pancakes and waffles and all these things, right? They taste it and say, "Oh my, this tastes so good. Oh my." And what? They never got sick. Yes. Whatever was infected. Yeah. They never got Yes. Glory. They never got weak. They never got diseases. Amen. Glory. Why are people falling away from this message? Right. Yes, sir. They're sick. Yes. laying and eating off the bread. Have they just left it in seed form? Or are they eating it and baking it and looking at it themselves at home? Go to their home and pray the page and doing the things this prophet said to do which came from God. Yes. Yes. Are they sick? Yes. Everything we need is in this yes. Glory. Glory. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. And the taste of it was as the taste of fruit. Oh my. Glory. It was not in the person, but it was in the word itself to have the oil. The secret lies within that man of seed. Amen. He was it was right there in the Holy Ghost the whole time. Yes. Yes. Amen. Rightly dividing the word of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh man. Psalm 78 verse 19. David is rehearsing the mighty exile of Egypt. Psalm 78 verse 19. Yay. They spake against God. They said, "Can God furnish a table in the wilderness, saints?" Yes. Can he Can he give us something to eat in Leoa? Are we going to die here in Leosa? Are we Does God have something prepared for us? He's always been feeding his people. Absolutely. Because I've seen I've seen how David put never seen the righteous forsaken or begging bread. Amen. What God has always he will not let his people starve to death. He's not that kind of dictator. He's not a dictator. He's a king. Prove he was the king. Love him for proving that he was the king. Glory. Can he furnish a table in the wilderness? I wish God would name the table. Yes, sir. Oh my goodness. Yes, sir. Amen. Verse 20. Behold, he smoothed the rock and the waters gushed forth and the streams overflowed. Can he give bread also? Amen. Yes, he did. Amen. Can he provide flesh for his people? Yes, he did. That things that mean absolutely. That takes what evil claws to grab them? Yes. He said they had a Lord who earnest and was wrong. And so a fire was killed against Jacob, anger against the Israel because they believed not in God and trusted not in his salvation. Though he had commanded the clouds from above and opened the doors of heaven. Notice it does not say the windows. It says the doors. Amen. You are bread of God. If the bread of God came down, it hadn't come from a door cuz Jesus Christ is the door. Revelation one, he says, "And the door in heaven was open and what? We must go up." Amen. Yes. Glory. Absolutely. Amen. He says they commanded the clouds from above and opened the doors of heaven and had rain down mana upon them to eat and have given them the corn of heaven. Yes. Yes. Here's where my documents. When I first had fried okra, I was like, that must be angel food. Oh my, I love that fried okra. I just, oh, what's that angel? Deep fried angel tears or something. It was just so special to me on the highest cook. But then here says, man, eat angel's food. He says he sent them meat to the Amen. Something powerful about that spiritual mana. I'll say like that. Even in that natural manner, it was all symbolic. We know these things. Sure. Yes, sir. Glory. Now, for a couple years, me and my pastor, we like to talk every once in a while about certain scriptures and say, "Brother, what do you think about this?" And what do you think about that or this and this? And and we come upon a scripture because we know the Bible says that every jot and every will come to pass. Right? Everything has a meaning. So if you want to know the meaning of something, just ask God and wait on and he'll bring it. Amen. John 13 26. Amen. Tasting the field. John 13 verse 26. Then Jesus answered, "Pe it is to whom I give a sock when I have dipped it." And when he had dipped the sock, he gave it to Judas the Scariot and the son of Simon. And me and my pastor be like, "Well, what did this what does this do? There must be something in here. Why would Jesus Christ as identifying this man the son of predition? Yeah. He needed a certain way to identify him. Right. Because we know what that Peter had a desire to know who this was, who this betrayer was. Right. Right. Right. Peter knowing this the little special connection between the Lord and the beloved one. John delays in the bosom of Christ and just all cuddly just like my nieces [Laughter] like Peter goes asking who it is. Yes. Yes. John, who is it? And Jesus said, "To whom I give the son, not not just the son, not just this, not just this, rips it, breaks it, and gives." He did not do that. He dips it first. Yes. Yes. And he gives it to probably. Yes, sir. Me, my pastor, brother. What does this mean? I don't know what was that symbolic. What exactly was he trying to convey here? Right. And I I sat on this spot for almost two or three years waiting and waiting and waiting for the Lord open. Amen. three, four months ago, maybe five, something like that. Cam was preaching on a Sunday morning. He was just a Wednesday night or something just preaching, just getting it. And I sit front row center like right here, this that and all of a sudden I go I look right into the ceiling kind of and the thought of this scripture came right back to my mind. I said, "Lord, you're pulling me out of service." He pulled me right out of service. Well, Lord, what is it? I said, Lord, show it to me the scripture. Amen. And we're going to convey this thought so it's clear in the word. We want to open this up by God's grace for you tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, not a super great, super something, but saints of God, everything means something. And I love it when the word opens up and you can see it and he makes it plain. It's right in his word. Amen. not going to pull something out of the Book of Mormon. He's not going to pull something out of apocrypha or anything. It's going to be right in the word of God. Yes. Amen. Right in the holy scriptures. This is hidden. Just laying right there. Yes. Amen. Glory. Psalms 41 verse 7. We're just going to run through these little Judas scriptures here. Yes, sir. We'll catch him. Psalms 41 verse 7. All that hate me whisper together against me against me. They devise my hurt. Judas going to meet the Pharisees. Right. Right, brother. Good. Pharisees say he's already having meetings. We got to get this guy out. He's doing too much. The people's faith is growing to an unprecedented level. He's gaining so much popularity and fame and they're just so much faith behind this man. They believe him to be a prophet. We thought we already had one. Thank God they had him cured through King Herod, stepdaughter, however. And Judas is now having meetings with them. Is Christ correcting a couple things in his home church? He said, "This this thing's supposed to what? This was done in my remembrance." Remember when the woman brought the alabaster box and broke it and what and the scripture says that Judas was the one that rised up the steward of the disciples to have said to the poor, right? Cuz Judas held the bag, right? And he was fixing on and when Jesus said no, he said do let her do it unto me for preparing for my burial. Right. Right. He says they des they devis my hurt and evil disease say they cleaveth fast unto him. Thou art beheld above. What the prince of the devils absolutely said he had a spirit on him an antichrist spirit right said he had disease and now that he lith he he shall rise up no more. They killed him. His name is gone. He'll never rise again. Yay. He says, "My own familiar friend whom I trusted." He said, "Look, which did eat of my bread." Right. What the son was bread. That's right. Right. Right. Has lifted up his heel against me. Yes. Yes. Now, John 13 verse 16. We know this is the scripture that Christ quoted here in John 13 verse 16. He says verily verely I say unto you the servant is not greater than his Lord neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things happy are ye if you do them. I speak not of all you I know whom I have chosen than God. He says but that the scripture may be fulfilled. He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel. You see now Christ knowing picking up in the scripture in the word where the scene is in Psalms, he picks it up. He says this day the scriptures. Amen. Amen. That's done. That portion is done. But it must go further now to the actual act. Go to Oadiah one. 1 vers1 the vision of Oadiah thus sayeth the Lord God concerning Edom. Now who is this? Edom reveals here in uh uh down here just down through the scripture here. He says we have heard a rumor of the Lord and an ambassador is now sent among the heathen. arising, let us rise against her in battle. So now they're going to rise up in battle. What? Against this bride or against Christ and his church? He says, "Behold, I made thee small among the heathen. Yet thou art greatly despised." Now look this this looks just like now remember the first coming of Christ in the true message of his day there was a Judas there. And saints in this message The Judas have not left yet. Arrived on the right. Now look how look how he brings us in verse three. The pride of thine heart has deceived thee. Thou that dwellest in the cliffs of the rock whose habitation is high saith that he saith in his heart. Who shall bring me to the ground? What they dwelling in the cliffs of the rock? Up here with what? With eagles dwell. Though thou has exalted thyself as an eagle, and though thou set thyself thy nest among the stars, one of God, the son of God, the daughters of God, they diet among us. Thus, I bring thee down, saith the Lord. Now look at verse six. How are the things of Esau searched out? Notice he brings the Esau, which is what? Jacob and Esau, what? Twins. Every time there's a spiritual revival, there's that produces twins. Good and evil right in the mix. It's been a mystery all the way through the church ages. Two seedlines right through. Right. Absolutely. He says, "Now, why? Now, why is he Esau? Esau had the He had the promise of the birthright. He was the one that was supposed to receive it. He was there first. He come out first. And he was exactly what the daddy wanted. But we find out he sold out for what? Carnality. For a mess of page. Correct. Absolutely. Now he says, "And all verse seven, all the men of Confederacy have brought thee even to the border." And what the promised land they brought him right up. If you even look at the tabernacle in the Old Testament, there was the outer courts, the inner courts, the holy place in the holies of holies. Saints God a minister can bring us all the way right into the altar. Then the brass lav get baptized and then they go into the holy place and go right into the candlesticks and they'll teach you about the church and then head over here to the the showbread and look at the 12 lows there and teach them about Israel and dive a little bit into the trumpets or however into the Old Testament and they get right up to the altar of incense which is teach you how to pray but they'll not take you walk into the holiest of holies the promised land. Right. Absolutely. Now he says, "The men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee and prevailed against thee." He that eat thy bread have laid a wound under thee. He says, "There is none understanding in him." They're eating the same spiritual bread as we absolutely. Now shall verse eight. Shall I not in that day, sayeth the Lord, even destroy the wise men out of Edom? The intellectuals, he says, and the understanding out of the mount of Esau. The intellectuals will not make it in. This takes the simplicity of the preaching of the word of God. Nothing bad about deep things, but saints of God. We have to go into the holy place to where the baptism of the Holy Ghost can what sees us and take us all further in where we can just yield and the Holy Ghost takes over. Sure. Amen. That's right. Now, Psalms 14:E1, I saw the title of this three times on the billboards from Coke and I said, "Man, Lord, do you want me to teach this?" And then, Brother Malachi, the family night prayer time, uh, reading the Bible time last night, read this same scripture right here. So, I I believe it was the Lord. Psalms 14 verse two. The Lord looked down from heaven upon the children of men to see if there was any that they did understand and seek God. He says they have all gone aside. They are all together become filthy. There is none that doeth good. No, not one. He says, "Have all workers of iniquity no knowledge. What? who eat up my people as they eat bread and call not upon the Lord. Wow. Wow. What do they do? Saints of God, they are just using the people who do this. What was Judas? It was a corporate. It was a spiritual ladder. A corporate ladder. You get in the business business field and they'll they'll push elbows and stuff people down and they try to get to the top of this corporate ladder climbing and climbing and climbing. Sure. But they don't care about the person on the left. They don't care about the person on the right. They have to make themselves something bigger. That's right, brother. Right. And what the Bible says they consume the people as bread. It means nothing. You're consumable. A tax write off. Absolutely. Sure. He says, "Have all the workers of man in no knowledge." He says, "Eat of my people as they eat bread and call not upon the Lord." M sure if you want to write this down go to Micah 3 1-12. It talks about how they they eat the people but it's actually they're taking bribes of money and trying out uh women have one scripture there by God's grace. Micah 3:11 he says the head thereof judge for reward and the priest thereof teach for hire. He says and the prophets thereof divine for money. But if you go to the scriptures above, they're consuming the people. They're ripping the flesh and the and the skin off the people and all that all those things. And God says they're just robbing them of their money. Amen. Now go to Micah 52. So I said Lord where showing a scripture what does this represent Micah 52 this is the prophecy of where Jesus Christ be born that's right amen but thou Bethlehem Epherta though thou be little among the thousands of Jude Judah yet among thee shall one come forth unto me that is a ruler in Israel. Amen. And who's that? That's none other than Jesus Christ. Amen. You know what? Come out of Bethlehem. Yes. Now in Matthew 2:1 says, "Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men coming from the east of Jerusalem." So Jesus Christ came to Bethlehem. Now what's so propent about Bethlehem? Bethlehem means the house. Yes. Amen. Yes. So once again, God opened the door of heaven and poured out one little piece of what? A mana and it dropped a seed and that seed grew and it baked and became what? The bread of heaven. Amen. Amen. And what happened to come to Bethlehem because that's where the bread comes from when we I was growing up in the Bible. Yes. We used to go to old Pentecostal church and after that we drive by this bread factory in defiance and man used to smell so good after service so hungry and just the bread factory cuz that's where bread made right so that's where Christ came by and was raised right there for a brief season absolutely right there amen now glory let's get back now here so Jesus Christ is the bread of heaven. Amen. That's right. Amen. John 6:30. John 6:30. They said therefore unto him, "What sign showest thou then, that we may see and believe thee? What dust thou work? Our father did eat mana in the desert, as it is written, he gave them bread from heaven to eat." And Jesus said to him, "Babil you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven." He says, "But my father which giveth you the true bread, but my father which give me the true give you the true bread from heaven. For the bread of God is he which comes down from heaven and giveth life under the world." And in verse 35, he says, "I am the bread of life." Jesus Christ is what you need to survive in this day. That's bread will not do it must be the spiritual. Hallelujah. That's right. John 6:51, he says, "I am the living bread which came down from heaven. If any man eat of this bread, he shall live forever, and the bread which I give is my flesh, which I give the life for the life of the world." Amen. That's right. Amen. Sure. Now, of course, now in Matthew 4:4, you don't have to go there, but he said unto me, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word which receive it out of the word of God. Now, the prophet was confused a little bit on this. If you go to harvest time 64:12, I'm sorry, 12:12, uh, number 60, he says, we be, now he's thinking about that that scripture here in John 6:46, he says, he says, I am the bread of life. He says, we thinking on this that him saying now himself, he says, I am the bread of life. How can this man be the bread of life? Now, that's what we wonder. How can he breathe? He says, "The bread of life." He said, "My body is bread." He said, "But how could this man be bread?" That's kind of strange, but don't be puzzled about it. People of this time got puzzles about it. He says, "But they didn't know how this man could ask him to be bread himself." Also in John 1, he says, "It is given us this way. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God." Correct. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. He says, "And the word was made flesh and sw." So the word became the bread. The word and the bread here would have to be the same. He says cuz Jesus is the word and he is the bread. Now how could he be bread and word? Oh, he says it would be puzzling to the carnal mind. But we are hoping this morning there's no carnal minds among us. Amen. Amen. That there is a spiritual mind among us that we could understand what the father is trying to get us here. seeing that these words are appalling but at the same time this they are scriptural truth. He says now how can this man be bread? Yes. How can this man be flesh? He says if there is a wheat bread that we know we all must live by. Right. Sure. He says and we know that there's only one way that we can ever live. It is by taking dead substance into our body. Correct. He says we can't live any other way. Amen. And then if something had to die, we could have we could we could live physically. So that natural wheat bread had to die so we could live physically. Sure. How much more did something have to die that we could live eternally? He says take death takes it. He says to do it bread. See Jesus said I am the bread and there's a wheat bread and he wasn't that kind of bread. So there must be two kinds of lives. Yes. Yes. See, so there's a life natural life and it sustains a natural life, right? But it takes the death of the natural bread to to sustain the life of the natural life. Then of course what? Then we know that Jesus Christ is the spiritual bread that came down from heaven. Yes. So what? He must sustain the spiritual life that we have. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sure. Now glory. Moving on. John 13 21. What did this dipping of the sock mean to identify now this [Music] man John 13:1 And when Jesus had thus said he was troubled in the spirit and testified saying and said verily verily I say unto you that one of you shall betray me. He says, "Then Jesus looked one on another doubting whom he spake. Then there was one leaning on his bosom, one of his disciples, which Jesus loved." Verse 26. And Jesus answered, "It is he to whom I shall give a sop." He said, "What?" When I have dipped it, and when he had dipped the sock, he gave it to Judas Scariot, the son of Simon. And after the sop entered into him, then said Jesus, thou that thou doest do quickly. Now that word dipped in the Greek means bapt which means to be baptized. Wow. What was this? When I was sitting there in service, he pulled me out and said, "Lord, show me right in the scripture." And he showed me here in Mark 1. Go to Mark 1 verse 6. And John was clothed with camel&lt;unk&gt;s hair and with the girdle of skin about his loins and he to eat locust and honey. And preaching saying, there cometh one mightier than me whose shoe not worthy to lash sto down and loose. I indeed baptize you with water, but ye should be baptized with the Holy Ghost. And it came to pass in those days that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee and was baptized of John in the Jordan. The straight way cometh down out of the water, he saw the heavens open, the spirit like a dove descending upon it. Yes. Amen. Was it now? What the dipping of the sock? Now remember this was a story. This was a scene of communion, right? And now what the true bread now has come down from heaven. And what that true bread was now dipped in water and the power of the Holy Ghost came out of it which was the oil. And now we're dealing with the pure what? Mana, the pure bread of heaven, right? Amen. It was all symbolic. Remember the the mana was sent to prove when Jesus Christ came down. This this first time when he came, he was sent to prove Israel. You Pharisees and you Sadducees, you think you got the word? I'm the word right here. That's right. Amen. Yes. And it came to prove to see if they were on the scripture. Watch. And the word was sent down. It was baptized with the Holy Ghost and what? And it was given to the people to eat. That's right. Right. And they said they didn't like though it tasted of oil though had the taste of honey as well. They didn't like it. They murmured and complained. He's getting too powerful. So what? Now look, continue on here. He said, and oh wait, sorry. Hebrews 6 verse4, for it is impossible for those who were once alive and have tasted the heavenly gift and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost. What they had tasted the good word? And they had what sensation? Verse five, to taste the good word of God and the powers of the world to come. He says if they shall fall away to renew them again as a repentance scene they crucified themselves the son of God of flesh and put to an open shame. So what when Jesus Christ he grabbed the bread he ripped it he broke it and he was actually rep this was a representation of himself he was giving it to Judas to prove it right because now this wasn't just regular mana now in symbolic form this this bread was now among them right there it was god bread it was the word bread from heaven and he gave him the bread and he put it in notice and notice directly after uh uh Judas had taken the sap within Satan entered in because what the conspiracy the plan is already in the workings he was going to betray him. Sure. That's exactly what took place. Now discerning the body of the Lord 59 8:12. Look what the look what the prophet says about communion. Now our eternal destination is not altogether determined by what we see or what we hear but is determined on what discernment we have of what we see and we hear. He says Paul was not and he's dealing with communion. That communion scripture in 1 Corinthians I think it's 11. And Paul is not disputing it for taking communion. That act was right but the discernment was wrong for taking the Lord's supper is the commandment of the Lord. But to take it unworthily and not discern the body of the Lord there lays wrong. Absolutely. Now saints of God. Now what does it happen now? We see what Christ come down. He was that that that sock that was dipped. He was given to Judas and it proved him right up there. But for the last 2,000 years, the mana has been falling as well. Amen. Because why the people what the people eat thy people as bread? Go to 1 Corinthians 10:1. He says, "Moreover, brethren, I would not have that you should be ignorant. how that after all these the fathers were under the cloud. Look, look, Paul is going out to the Old Testament to Israel and how they come out and he's typing all these things. He's actually bringing forth the true meanings as looking at the Old Testament, the rituals and all these things that happened and looking how Christ came. He's looking at all these things and making the same. He says, "And they were all baptized under Moses in the cloud in the sea and were all to eat the same spiritual meat and they drank the same spiritual rock. They drank of the spiritual rock that followed him. And that rock was Christ. Right. Amen. Jump down to verse 15. And I believe I'm speaking to wise men and women today. I speak as unto a wise men. Judge even what I say. Look what Paul says. See if this ain't true. He says, the cup of blessing which we bless, isn't that the communion the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, isn't that the communion of the body of Christ? For we are being many are one bread. So for the last 2,000 years, if someone has received the Holy Ghost, they actually are now what? The bread that was sent from heaven. Amen. And what the Catholic Church and false uh uh uh religions and what slain them and eaten them up as bread? Sure. They destroyed them. Absolutely. Because what? They did not like it. Because the people the bread of heaven now was what? Sent to prove the sent to prove the world. Right. That's right. Amen. Absolutely. There was a table what in the gentile world set now and he said it and now what? They will be judged for it. He says can you drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of the devils? Ye cannot be partakers of the Lord's table and of the table of devils. Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? Are we stronger than he? Go to Galatians 5:12. [Music] Ephesians 5:14, sorry. He says, "For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." He says, "But if ye bite and devour one another," he says, "Take heed that ye be not consumed one of another." So see how you are the bread. If you are not careful how we talk about one another and think about one another and treat one another, saints of God, you can actually devour one another completely as what? Bread. And notice if you do this to what a holy ghost person or to a seed of God, you'll be judged on it. Look how Gil brought it out. He says the illusion is to beasts of prey falling upon and devouring one another. He bite and devour one another. do this and do that. He says, "For wolves and dogs to worry sheep is not strange, but for sheep to distress one another is unnatural." If we find this in the church biting and devouring one another and and and saying this and saying that and whatever, that's not sheep nature. Amen. That's woof and dog nature, right? Amen. Amen. Absolutely. He says the apostle does not say if grievous wolves should enter in among you. He's not talking about that. He's talking right among the church people. Absolutely. Those that are the bread of life. Amen. He says, he says the apostle said, "If grievous wolves would enter in among you and spare not the flock, but suggest that they themselves should act the part of the wolves one to another." You see, so you're not a sheep within sheep's clothing and yet acting like a wolf. Sheep do not buy or tear one another. They buy or tear the grass and the and the things of the field there that they eat and all these things. They don't fight one another. Sure. Do that. That's the nature of that. For the nature of a sheep, let us eat clean things, pure things. Absolutely. Amen. Amen. Sure. Saints of God, you are the bread of life. Now, why? Because remember in Matthew 25, the third parable at the great white judgment throne, the general resurrection there at the end. Yes. Every single person is judged on how they handled the bread of God. Good, good, good, beautiful. Did they take care of that bread or they did they just throw it away and cast aside and like nothing? Beautiful. Beautiful. Right. Why? Because you are the bread of Jesus Christ. That's right. Amen. Yes. Says be done unto them, be done to me. Why? because he was the oil that's in this bread. Absolutely. Amen. That's right. Right. Wonderful. Wonderful. That's right. Now, Amen. Not much longer here by God's grace. Now, see, harvest time 64 12:12 204. He says, "The the word bread always means to be fed on. The man shall not live by every bread by bread live by bread but but like this bread alone but by every word. So that's the word bread. Keep that in mind. This is that bread that the church of every age has fed on. He has been the hidden mana just for the owner overcomer only. Revelation said so. Now I don't have time to break the whole thing down because I probably got another 30 minutes. He said look how you bring that. He says, "And then the holy the holy mana fell from heaven which was the type of the holy grace ghost." He says, "You agree on that?" Yes. God told Moses to go out and get an overflow and put in the holies of holies because if they didn't they put in the holy of holies, it becomes stagnant. So saints of God, we just we just can't just not read our Bibles and listen to these not listen to tapes and these things. It becomes stagnant. We have to actually get it within us. Amen. Not only that, saints of God, we have to live. Amen. When I go on the job site, I'm talking more and more about Jesus Christ. Amen. At the end, every when I leave at the end of the work, I say, "God bless you. God bless you. God bless you." And I'm say, "Well, you too." Okay. Praise the Lord. Or whatever. You know how he say. He says, "Now he says, now God put or Moses told him to put an full of it in the holiest of holies because if you didn't put in the holy of holies, it become stagnant." Is that right? The worms got into it. Now he said now putting the holies of holies in his own order that every generation coming up after that priesthood when a man comes up to be a priest to minister the word the first thing he gets to do after he's ordained is is go in and get a handful that really original mana and eat it. Absolutely. And saints of God, we are what? Kings and priests and saints of God to go in there and feed our children. the ones that are going to raise up so what they can continue on and bring forth another lineage one of kings and priests not grandchildren or or this or that but what it must be children of God absolutely yes amen amen now last quote here by God's grace since this word Philadelphia church age book chapter 4 since this word indeed expresses perfect realization as against the idea of partial revelation as illustrated in these verses. Now we can understand as never before anti-ype cr with type and substance with shadow. Take the example now of mana from heaven. God sent down angel bread from heaven for Israel. For that bread did not satisfy. It was only good for a day. Amen. Those who ate it were hungry again the next day. It was left around and become contaminated. But Jesus is the true bread. Yes. This is from heaven where whereof mana was just a type. And if any man eats of that bread that came from heaven, he will never hunger again. He does not need to come back and eat again. The moment he ptook, he had eternal life. Amen. He says here in reality, no need no longer for a shadow. No need for partial salvation. Here's the whole of it. Just take Jesus. Just like Jesus isn't part of God, he is all of God. That's why we must take every single word of God and consume it within our bodies. Take every quote we can find, run it through our filter, the Bible, and then consume every everything that runs through. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes. Rise up. I got simple thought. Absolutely. Praise God. Praise God. All right. real quick. Uh we got a different whole different thought for tonight by God's grace. So let's say a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father Lord Jesus, Lord, we just love you, Lord. And Lord, we know you're the true bread that came to heaven. Yes. Lord God, you came down, Lord, and you were crushed and beaten, Lord, and broken for us, Lord, so that the oil could come forth, Lord, in the Holy Ghost, Lord, and come into these, Lord, leaven bread, God, Lord. And Lord Jesus, Lord, you made our souls, God, just as pure as pure could be, Lord, to where the Bible says no sin in us, Lord God. Yes, Lord. Lord, it's all pure, God. Lord, Lord Jesus, we just love you, Lord. Each one of us, Lord, continue to Lord, to examine ourselves, examine our lives, God. Lord Jesus, Lord, we can be the perfect bread, God, just like you are the bread, God. Lord, where Christ will come down one more time, Lord, and be carnated in flesh, Lord. this bread once again, God. Lord, Lord Jesus, you'll be tasted, Lord, in this last move of the Holy Ghost, God, you'll be tasted, Lord Jesus, Lord, and Lord, they some people will hate the taste, God. Others will rejoice in it, Lord God, and and uh help us out, Lord. And some will cast us aside, Lord. However, you Lord, you know how it's going to happen, Lord. We just pray this was a little encouragement Lord God. a little opening Lord maybe the eyes Lord to see Lord the dipping of the sock God Lord what it represented God Lord how Lord how how it will work there God in communion Lord Jesus and how sacred communion is Lord Jesus we must take it Lord God ever so uh sincerely Lord Jesus Lord may we wouldn't have any problems with one another God Lord or with you Lord especially Lord God and Lord we treat each one with love Lord divine love we love you Lord bless the people for coming out and pushing their way God we ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Saints of God, I know it was simple. I just hope it was a little opening a little more of the word by God's grace. Yes. To me, I wondered that for so long what that dipping of the sock meant. But here, say, saints of God, it was just so simple. It was just the bread from heaven come down. And it was just as a testing bread. Yes. Many people we know have come and said, I want the truth. They prayed for truth and God has actually sent us to them. Yes. But once they tasted the bread, they go away. There's one time we were in Florida, Ohio. A sister a sister woman preacher down from Kentucky. She was had her own church. She's a minister and she was preaching and she was preaching about vast eye and Esther and she says, "God, I'm not no vast eye." And God gave her a dream. Said, "You're not a vast eye. You're an Esther. She says, "Yes, Lord." He goes, "Go up, drive all the way to Florida, Ohio, and find a black minister there. He's holding a house church." Wow. Go hear that word. And who? Her and two other women preachers. They drove all the way up on a Saturday from Kentucky. They had never even heard of Florida, Ohio. It's just a little town. Wow. And the young group was having a revival there. Wow. And it's not they don't even have a gas station that town. It's an in between town between defiance and Napoleon. It's a little cutth through town there you drive through. And they end up they drive all morning go to Florida, Ohio. And they said, "Where where we're where Esters? Where Eers?" They go to the one little carry out. They had a little place for food and fried chicken. Another place. And they go knocking on there. Went in said, "Hey, is there any churches around here?" "Yeah, there's a church over here. There's a church over there." They said, "Is there a black minister though?" They said, "No, there's no church here." And a brother from our little group, Brother Daniel Booer, went in to grab some lunch that day, right? And he overheard them talking. Said, "Oh, wait. What are you talking about?" "Yeah, we had a dream that there's a black minister up here to bring the word." And brother Daniel starts smiling big grizzly smile. He said, "I know where that's at. It's just right across right over in this house church over here." She said, "Well, thank you. We'll be showing up tonight." They showed up. Brother Brooks preached and preached and preached and they were blown away. They had brother Brooks come down and minister at her church. Come down there. Brother Brooks and Brother Craig and introduced the message to them. And the last thing they heard was their Someone b from their denomination was going to honor her and she turned the message down. My goodness. See, saints of God, you are that bread. Yes. See, I'm this. I'm that. Taste this bread one time. Taste this word. Be around these people. See the way they talk. See the way they dress. See the way they act. And see if you line up. You are now the standard. You are the testing ground now. Yes, Lord. Everything is judged by you. Not to lift ourselves up, right? But to understand how sincere and how real you guys are. Yes. Amen. Jess was all right. God bless you. Praise God. Praise God. to be like Jesus. to be [Music] [Applause] thy [Music] [Applause] be from [Music] Earth [Music] to thank for the word of God today. Let's give the Lord a round of applause. the feeling. Who has a better feeling than the bride who knows she's forgiven? Knows that she's washed in the waters of the world. Amen. You How do you do that? You taste and see that the Lord is good. You take on this word. Then you experience You taste that feeling, don't you? Oh, let's give the Lord a round of applause. that dream about more deep. Unreal. I remember when that happened. No, you know Christ is the unleaven bread. How many know that? But there's a quote brother has off to get up for the evening. Brother, brother said there will come a time when the bride has no leaven among her. Praise God. All the sin will be out of the bride. Makes illusion to that's when the rapture will come and all he said when all the leavenvens out it brings the fullness of Christ. And that's just like the book of Acts. They had all those sins out, right? Peter saw Ananas and Zirus sin. They had a pure church. There was no 11. And church, I don't care if God's got to get down our church down to just a few more. As long as 11's out, we're right where we need to be by God's grace because you now the body of Christ becomes the bread to the world. Amen. That's just humbling to know that Christ makes us the unleavened bread and that people how people treat us will determine their destinations. God, help us to be unleavened. Praise God. Fill my cup, Lord. Let's look at it at this as we sing bread of heaven. Feed me to I want to know. Aren't you glad for the bread from heaven? See, one way you're the bread, but also you're receiving the bread. See, just like the prophets, they had to be symbols, right? Ezekiel had got to be a symbol. Had to lay on the side. Isaiah had to do this and that. Yet, they still received from God, didn't they? Right? So, it is us. We must receive from God this word being preached to us. And yet, we are a symbol of the bread of life. Thank God for his mercy. Fill my cup. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Angel. [Music] [Music] This [Music] me thankful for God's word today. Amen. So thankful for the word of God, you know, it means so much to us. to hear the truth. We appreciate our brother labor in there. The word of God appreciate the the grace that God has on us. Amen. To keep standing for the word to enjoy this word then we are the word. We are the bread. Humbling very humbling thought. We have to be ready to be received or devoured. Is that right? That's what the Bible said. Either received or devoured and thrown out. Got to be ready to Just be the bread, the unleavened witness, the unleavened testimony. No sin among you brings the fullness of Christ. No leaven among you. Sing a song. Pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let me bring to you. Everything I do for [Music] me to [Music] You [Music] bring everything that I [Music] pursue my Lord to you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] 14 [Music] [Applause] [Music] you to [Music] Pray I receive the Lord. I believe as we confess our sins and walk in the light. I believe we're pleasing to him. Amen. Because the Bible said we confess our sins and we have fellowship with him and the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us all. What a promise. What a promise. Let's see what we saw here as we close here by God's grace. Let's see the windows of heaven, but let's make it the doors of heaven or the door of heaven is open. Let me see that. Not sure where we going get from. I'll leave that up in the scripture. Let's say the door of heaven is open. Let's see that the door of heaven is open. The blessings are all the joy in my soul for Jesus everything. I hope your army [Applause] baby and the glor of heaven has opened. The blessings are all the joy. in my soul for Jesus [Applause] every time heaven the door of heaven is The blessings are coming tonight. There's joy in my soul for Jesus. I live in my [Music] garden. I'm singing a man for tonight. I preached on the the hidden man of the last two services by God's grace. So, how many know that? So, it all tied in. Aren't you glad it all ties in? God knows exactly what we need to hear, but we need to hear it. Praise God. Amen. Let's close with this song. Let's just bow our heads here. Make me more like you. Let's just, you know, he's the bread and we want to be totally like him. We want to be fully unleven bread. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're grateful, Lord, again, for this word. Thank you for sending our brother to preach that. And we look forward to tonight's message as well, Lord God. make us more like you. Lord, we realize there's a great responsibility with communion with and then Lord being the spiritual bread to the world. What a beautiful thought. I'm reminded Lord of Gideon how I preached that a few years ago that bread he saw a dream before he defeated the Midionites and the bread was rolling down the hill and it smashed all the tents of the Midionites and what a type that is of the body of Christ. getting more and more momentum and coming down to the enemy's camp and spoiling the enemy's camp. Amen. The power in the bread, the power in the body of Christ, the momentum, Lord, is picking up, Lord. We don't look at numbers that tell us that. We look at our walk with Christ. We're getting closer. We're falling more in love with you, Lord. We see the momentum. It's picking up, Lord, in our lives, Lord. Others might fall and rise and lane Lord God but our lives Lord by your grace increasing with the love of God the power of God the character of Christ Lord let the momentum in our spiritual lives continue as we are the bread Lord God. Thank you Lord for that Jesus. Father let us leave here grateful Lord with a desire to be more like you Lord God. we can taste the feeling of being a real Christian this hour. Lord God, thank you Lord God. Bless your children, Lord, as we go and as we go about our day, Lord. Guide us for tonight or those who will see Wednesday or next Sunday. Lord, just guide each and every heart and soul. Be with us, Lord. And may we be with you, Lord God, in Jesus Christ. Everybody said, "God bless you." We're listening now. You're dismissed. Make me more like thee. Praise God. [Music]
