################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-13 - (11-12-25) A Prophet's Love For the Word,  Pt. 3 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-13
Title:   (11-12-25) A Prophet's Love For the Word,  Pt. 3 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTsHkK_UHlw
========================================

So let's look here. Uh I got I want to share again some more quotes from God's prophet, brother Brandham. You know, I think this is important especially for our young teenagers here and our young children who've been baptized and uh are professing to be Christians. They need to understand, I believe they need to understand how much a prophet of God loves the word of God. In this case, the prophet in our day, brother William Brandom, how much he loved the word of God. And we're seeing that. And I hope at some point I'd like to make a video and I want to call it the ultimate brother Brandham and the Bible video until I find one that's better. I'm going to call it the ultimate by God's grace because it's so important to capture all these quotes uh from a prophet of God and see how much a prophet of God loved the word of God told us to keep it and not to add anything to it or take anything away from it. So a prophet's love for the word of God part three. We'll look at this here. David told us how much he loved the word of God. He said, "I'll delight myself in thy commandments, which I have loved. My hands also will I lift up unto thy commandments, which I have loved, and I will meditate in thy statutes." How many meditated on God throughout the day? Every every time I got a break, I tried to go back to meditating on the word of God. Amen. [snorts] Now, this was our text again. Uh God is having Moses repeat, "Don't add to it. Don't take one word away from it." He said, ' Because you've seen what I've done to those that have transgressed it. Remember, uh what did they do at Baal Pure? Um Bailo, who was a prophet, he did he did see the star of Jacob. You know, he saw he foretold that about 1500 years before the wise men followed it to find Jesus. So his prophecy was right. But brother Ram said, and we know it's true, his teaching was off. He taught the men to commit fornication. Therefore, 24,000 died among them. And so, what did they do? Uh, you can switch over, hun. Did it not switch over? I'm sorry. Uh, but what did what did Balum do? Balam uh took away from the word of God. Okay. So, uh he didn't add to it. He took away from it because the Old Testament taught not to commit fornication. The Old Testament said if a man forced himself on a woman or laid with a woman, he was bound to marry her. That's what the Old Testament said. There was no relationships before marriage. No physical relationship. If a man touched her in that way, they're to be instantly immediately married. Right? So in this case, Balum, he took away from the word of God and said, "Okay, it's okay. You can marry and have relations before you're married and you can marry um Moabites, right? Out you can marry outside of the faith. And God hated it. And the Bible said God never forgave Balum for that. So what happened to him? His name was taken. If it ever was on the book of life, his name was taken off it. That's why we got to be very serious with the word of God. We don't add to it. We don't take away from it. Hallelujah. And like brother Ram said, if the even if the janitor, anyone else has a question where I'm off the word, you're duty bound to God to come talk to me face to face about it in my office. And the church said, &gt;&gt; the man said the even the janitor from he said from uh the from the deacon down to the janitor, anyone else, your duty bound to make sure I stay with the word of God. Amen. Now uh we see again Moses repeats it again. By the inspiration of the Holy Ghost in 12:32, what things soever I command you, observe to do it, thou shalt not add there to nor diminish from it. Remember adding to the word of God is legalism. taken away from the word of God is lasciviousness. Because remember Jude 1:4 says they turn the grace of God into lawlessness. &gt;&gt; But what did Paul say? Should you continue in sin that grace should abound? What'd he say? He said God God forbid. Amen. God forbid that. Just because you've got grace doesn't mean you can keep sinning. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; The Bible says if you have the hope in you, you'll purify yourself. You'll purify your life to be more like Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm going to watch the time. Uh uh Malachi's got to get up at 3:30 in the morning. So I'm gonna really watch the time tonight. Amen, brother Rod. God bless you, sir. I don't know those days. So God bless you, brother Rod and brother Malachi. Real soldiers. Amen. Now, uh I just want you to see again, it's repeated uh in the days of Josiah's son. Now, Josiah was one of the last few kings of Judah before the exile or the captivity. But in the beginning of the reign of Jehookim, the son of Josiah, came the word Lord, saying, "Thus sayeth the Lord, stand in the court of the Lord's house, and speak unto all the cities of Judah, which come to worship in the Lord's house." Where does the where does judgment begin? &gt;&gt; Ask the Lord. Good, Malachi. What book's that in Malachi? Uh, first Peter 4. Yeah, good try. Now, the reason I'm testing him is because he's being a real light to the brothers. So, he's going to Now, he's going to remember that because I tested him on it [laughter] in love. Yeah, judgment must begin at the house of God. It's 1 Peter 4. Let me just look that up to confirm that. And if I'm wrong, boy, I got a lot of apologizing to do to my son. No, it's 1 Peter 4:17. Yeah, I it it's fresh on my mind. 1 Peter 4:17. Judgment begins with Scott. Very good. Very good. Um, so that's why we dress up, right? That's why we wear our nice clothes, right? That's why uh we we we act like we're coming to court. I'm going to come stand before not just a judge, the judge. the judge of all the universe. So I come to present myself humbly and respectfully before the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And he said Jeremiah thus say stand there and say thus sayith the Lord. He says uh all the words that I command to speak unto them diminish not a word. Tell them everything. Right? That's why I want to tell you everything that I can from the Bible. Right? If so be, they will hearken and turn every man from his evil way that I may repent me of the evil which I purpose to do unto them because of the evil of their doings. Okay, so we're given a promise. It's thus sayith the Lord, if you keep all the word of God, then God will have mercy on you. Well, we know what happened, right? They turned they turned Jeremiah down and then they were exiled, right? And Jeremiah went with them as a witness against them, right? We're aware of that. So again, so we see it in Moses, right? We we even we even realize it was in Genesis, right? Because Eve uh took one word away. Thou shalt not surely die, right? Or she added, I'm sorry, she added a word. Thou shalt surely die. Thou shalt not surely die. She added, and what was added to her? Sin, right? Uh punishment. Uh we'd say punishment in her body for receiving seed. That proves the serpent seed was an actual act of adultery because the punishment always fits the crime. She would suffer pain in childbearing. Well, that's related to receiving seed. She received the wrong seed, so she got punished in receiving seed. And the effects of that. That's right. So, we see it, and brother says it many times. He says, we see it from Genesis to Revelation. So, Genesis, don't add to the word. Don't take away from the word. Deuteronomy, don't add to the word. Don't take away from the word. We see in Revelation, don't add, don't take away. If you love God, you won't add or take away from the word of God. And I love the Lord Jesus. Brother said, "Look, you find it right there in the middle." No, he says the middle uh ma the book of Matthew, right in the middle. He says, Genesis, right? Or Deuteronomy, Matthew, Revelation. Go ye therefore teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. It's a revelation. Teaching them to observe what, church? All see don't diminish, don't take away, don't add. all things whatsoever I commanded you. And lo, I'm with you always, even to the end of the world. Jesus Christ is with us. He said so. Some of us need a good reminder of that tonight. Hallelujah. Right. He's with us. He said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you." Amen. Now, I want to look at now some quotes from God's prophet here. We'll try to see how much uh how far how far we can make it here tonight by God's grace. Now, brother Ram uses these words, never take away or add. So, as I said last week, a lot of this is focusing on people around preachers around the message or tape boys around the message who add uh brother they make brother Ram's words equal to the Bible. Now, brother Rod has also said there are people that listen to brother Ernest Angley only just like so that's that same deity spirit, right, brother? Same thing. So, and they got it uh they got it in the seven thunders with Joseph Coleman there in New York. They got it with Joseph Smith. You got it with anyone, any leader. If the people idolize that man, they'll only listen to that man instead of listening to the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; How do you know the spirit? The spirit will always point to the word of God. That's how you know. Very simple. Now, I love this quote. A genuine faith. Now, church, if if you want anything tonight, I hope you want a genuine faith of God. will believe in God and God is the word, it'll never add nothing to it. That's why I always try to say if I'm giving you my thought, I say this is my thought. I'm not saying it's thus sayith the Lord or thus sayith the word. This is my thought. Right? The Bible tells us if we add one word or take one word away. Our part will be taken from the book of life. Revelation 22:18, the last closing chapter. So never, if you have genuine faith, you'll never add, you'll never take away. Now, what does that do to these Bible translators? Right? Cam gave me this book, and this book only it only addresses 257 verses. Brother Rod, there's over a 100,000 verses in the Bible. And if just out of a small sample, if the NIV takes away 95% of 257, what's that around like 220, 230, 240? Why? What kind of genuine faith do these people have? these translators of the New Bible versions, what kind of faith do they have? If you take away one word of God, you're lacking faith in God's word. And that's just 257 sample. Yeah, brother Chris. No, but it's a passion for taking away from the word of God, right? It's a passion uh uh to be punished, I think, is what it means. Yeah, it's really awful. Yes. Yes, sir. You're right, brother. Just like they do the Bible versions of the non-gender Bible versions. That's that that's from hell. In other words, that's inspired by demon powers. Anybody that'll take one word away or take one word away, you're lacking genuine faith in God's word. Hallelujah. And the amplified missing 78%. So what does it say about people that will take one word away? It says they're really lacking spiritually. They don't have the Holy Spirit if they're taken away from the Holy Spirit's words, okay? And they're going to have something added to them, plagues or some punishment in this life or the next one. And they could have their name, if they don't repent, they'll have their name taken out of the book of life. That's what the Bible says. Okay. Now, I want to say, so now let's apply it to those around the message of William Brandham, which is the Bible revelation. What does the Bible What does that say about the genuine faith of the tape boys and bread tab tabernacle leadership? They say the tapes are the token. They say the tapes are the Holy Ghost. What an awful shame. The Holy Spirit is the token. And they say uh they say you're not applying the token to your church unless you're playing the tapes and telling the preachers to sit down and press play. It's exactly the opposite, right? You're keeping people from the Holy Ghost. See, they love to play those tapes of brother Ram because brother Ram won't brother Ram won't rebuke what they're doing right now, right? Brother Ram could only rebuke the sins they were doing back then because that's when he was alive. But brother Ram couldn't rebuke he couldn't foresee unless God told him what they were doing right now, right? So it's easy to press play because they know, oh, it's easy to keep all this and yet and yet they're not keeping all of it because brother Ram said preach until Jesus returns. Hallelujah. He said it six six times and then they say every word on tape is thus said the Lord. That's complete blasphemy and heresy and none of those are found in the Bible. So see he said brother said never add to it never take away from it. So do they really believe brother Ram? No they don't. They don't. Do they really believe the Bible? No they don't. Okay? Because they don't have genuine faith. But you and I, we want to have genuine faith. &gt;&gt; And we're accountable church. We're accountable to one another. That's why I said that earlier. Like brother Bram said, come to me privately if I'm off the word of God. I'm accountable to you and you're accountable to me. We're all accountable to everyone. Hallelujah. That's the body of Christ, right? Remember, the one part of the body can't say, "I don't need you or I don't need you." We all need one another. I love this quote. When I stand before Jesus, I want to be found innocent of ever trying to add one thing to that word or take one word away. Believe it exactly the way it is. teach the people and tow right up to it. Amen. Now, if you want to teach something or if you you you wonder what we believe, then then you can ask me, Brother Jesse, do you have two or three verses on that? You should ask me that. If I don't, I'll just say, "Well, that's this just my opinion, right? Because that's what the Bible says." Uh, woe to him that'll add or take anything away from this book. This is God's eternal truth. And in the day where there's people saying, "Oh, we don't need the Bible. It's been translated 15 times or more." How do we know it's right till heaven and earth passed away? God's word will never pass away. Every doctrine and everything else in the Bible, okay? So, you have doctrines, right? Uh then you just have truths, right? Or just the Bible calls them truths, right? You have Bibles, you have doctrines or teaching, then you have declarations, right? Preaching and teaching, right? So, you have teaching and just general preaching. Preaching is just declaring the truths of the Bible. Teaching is instructing. Doctrine is instructing how to live. Okay? So you have both those. Preaching and teaching. The Bible said Jesus preached and taught. Paul preached and taught. The apostles were preaching and teaching. So doctrine and everything else you preach must be based on the Bible. Everything we have in the church must be based upon the word of God. Must come from the word. Not just one place, but from Genesis to Revelation. It must say the same thing. because we cannot base our thoughts upon one little scripture. For the Bible said in the mouth of two or three witnesses, let every word be established. Okay? So, anything we teach and believe and you're you can ask me after service, brother Jesse, do you consider this doctrine? That's fine. Ask me. I'll do my best to tell you. Hallelujah. If it's not in the scriptures, it's a man-made doctrine. That's what Brother Ram says. We've been through the church ages and see where they had to do that. You So, you see, God wants somebody that'll obey him. If it's not in the scriptures, then it's a not a it's a man-made doctrine and not a Bible doctrine. So, regardless of what the church is, how you've been, uh what difference does it make, it's how right you can be right now. So, it doesn't matter, well, my mom did this or my grandpa believed that, uh that former man believed that 100 years ago. It's what does God's word say right now? What do we know about the Bible right now? Hallelujah. Uh, Brother Ram said when he was growing up, his mom told him uh he she said the blasphemy of the Holy Ghost is an abortion. That's what brother Ram's mom told him. You know why? Because brother brother Ram's mom didn't go to church very much. Right. So she was just told abortion. Oh, I'm sorry. It was suicide or abortion. One of those. Uh, so brother Ram grew up, you know, he and said God won't forgive you if you commit suicide or abortion. But church, should we hang on to that or should we go back to the word of God and see what blasphemy of the Holy Ghost is? So, so brother Ram had to grow. Well, I was told this all my life. That's fine what you're told all your life, but now take that back to the word of God and let's believe the rest of our life what the Bible says about it. &gt;&gt; Is that right, church? &gt;&gt; Your daddy might have told you this. Your mama might have told you that. Grandpa might have told you that. But let's see what God told us. Because remember Jesus comes back, church, what name does he have on his vesture? Anybody remember the word of God? I wasn't trying to do a trick question. I'm sorry. What name? The Bible says he's got a name on his vesture. It's dipped in blood and his name is called the word of God. Hallelujah. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. That's right. John uh 1 John 5:7 says there's three that bear record in heaven. The father, the word, and the holy ghost. Good. So there's all these witnesses. Jesus is the word. His character is the word. Hallelujah. This is Jesus Christ in letter form. Amen. &gt;&gt; So we don't take away from Jesus Christ. We don't add to Jesus Christ. We just believe Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; His name is called the word of God. And that's why I get so fired up with false doctrine, everything like that. But church, I also I don't want to get too uh focused on them. I want to look at my life. I want to I want to make sure my life, my lamps are constantly being trimmed as well. Right? I just don't want to attack that attack. Let me look at my heart and say, "Lord, is my heart pure before you?" Okay? But I thought, especially for the young people, I really want them to see, and you young uh teenagers, I really want you to see how much brother Ram emphasized the Bible. So you'll know that's why your pastor emphasizes the Bible. Hallelujah. And then you'll know when you listen to other preachers, you'll know whether they're emphasizing the Bible. Hallelujah. That way no man can deceive you because you know the Bible. That's what I want Malachi to do to my son. I want my sons and my daughters to know the word so well. Nobody can deceive them. And then they'll teach others. Amen. Like you're doing, buddy. Keep it up. Hallelujah. We must prove all things by the scripture AND THE SCRIPTURE IS ALWAYS RIGHT. And brother said, I'm wrong if I say something contrary to scripture. I love this quote. Now, we must prove all things. Some things. Some &gt;&gt; Oh, where'd he get that? Uh, 1 Thessalonians 5:21. That's the Bible. You prove all things by the Bible. Everything. Everybody say everything. Ready? Everything. So everything on brother's tapes, you got to take it back to the Bible or you're disobeying the Bible and Brother Brandham. Hallelujah. And even your pastor or even uh uh Brother Brad, he's going to come on. We're going to meet him on Saturday night. Whoever it is, you take everything they say back to the scripture. If not, you're getting lazy. I'll say like this. The word of God is becoming common to you. It's no longer precious. I'll say it like this. You're no longer trembling at the word of God like you ought to. And I'm not saying be scared about the preacher. I'm just saying if you don't if you're not sure, go read your Bible. Go search it by the Bible. &gt;&gt; Don't just swallow it down or just I'll worry about it later. You know, if take some time, spend some time with God. Study the word of God. Spend some time in his presence. Say, Lord, open this up to me. We must prove all things by the scripture. If it's contrary to my faith, I love this. And yet the scripture says, "So the scriptur is right and I'm wrong." [laughter] Amen. IN OTHER WORDS, THE BIBLE'S ALWAYS RIGHT. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; And the only way you can do anything. How many want to do something tonight? &gt;&gt; I want Jesus Christ to help you tonight. The only way we can do that is if we come back to the scripture. &gt;&gt; So somebody's help tonight. Don't just believe Brother Jesse. Every time he says something, you go look it up yourself. Make sure I said it right. Hallelujah. Now, is that true? I like to hear you say amen when you believe it. You see, amen means so be it. I like to hear you say amen, too. And I love this quote. I can be wrong. And brother says, I will alter or change my ideas to match the Bible. Now, before we try to start to undertake to answer these questions, and just remember that I can be wrong, but they say every word on tape is thus sayith the Lord. So it proves they're deceived by an evil spirit because they don't believe that. They don't believe every word can be wrong. Remember church in that sermon souls under the altar. Now brother Ram says time might be over. In other words, brother Ram thought there would be a time where God cuts everybody off before the rapture and then whoever's filthy is filthy still. Whoever's holy holy still. Brother Random prays at the end of that sermon. This was in 1963. Brother Rod. He said, 'Lord, I pray that I'm wrong. and he was wrong. So, how can that be thus sayith the Lord? When he said, uh, this could be the end and there's no more people being saved. How can that be thus sayith the Lord when at the end he says, I I pray I'm wrong and he was wrong. How could he be right and say there's no that that there's no more time left? How could that be right and nobody else is getting saved? I've been saved. Brother Ro has been saved. You've been saved. So, PEOPLE ARE STILL GETTING SAVED. AMEN. How do you know? I feel it in my heart. I FEEL IT IN MY SOUL. HALLELUJAH. I know I'm saved. Amen. Right. We're walking in a different life. We have a new heart now. Our heart loves the WORD OF GOD. NOT a stony heart. We have a heart of flesh. Hallelujah. That Jesus can write his commands on our hearts and we rejoice in the commands of God. Before you fought against the word of God, but now you welcome it. Say, "God, change my heart. I want to live that. I want to believe that. Lord, raise my faith. write it upon the fleshly tables of my heart. Now, I try to be right, but maybe I'm wrong. And if I'm wrong, then you just forgive me. Same thing for me. If I'm wrong, you forgive me, church. I don't want to be wrong. I pray God will, too, because I don't mean to be wrong. I don't try to answer them just the way that just for prejudice. I'm not trying to be prejudice. I answer them the very best of my knowledge. See, and if I have to alter my ideas on a Bible question, I think that's just the thing to do. We should alter any time when God's word speaks because it's God's word. Thank you, Lord, for a prophet who loved the Bible. This is another reason I know William Brandham was a prophet of God. Hallelujah. Because he's always pointing us back to the word of God. Now, this is interesting. He's talking about numerology. So, like seven seals, uh, seven church ages, seven candlesticks, right? Seven vials. He just says the numbers, the num, he calls them pneumatics. Uh, but I think he means numerology. He's talking about seven lamps, seven stars, seven spirits of God, uh, seven seats uh, for the uh, 24 elders uh, seven. Okay. Seven manifestations, seven lamps. Oh my. He says laid there in the pneumatics of the Bible. Pneumatics of the Bible is the most perfect thing there is on earth. You can't get one flaw from Genesis to Revelation is the pneumatics of the Bible. There's no other piece of literature that's like the Bible that's totally perfect in everything inside of it. Okay? So, I just want you to show that it's the most perfect thing there is on earth. And church, you've got a copy. My I'm I'm searching for something in my life. Where's something that's perfect? Where's something that'll help me? Where's something I can lean upon? And you've got three or four copies at your house. I think we need some more time in the Bible. It's perfect. It's a light to our feet and a lamp unto our path. Hallelujah. The word of God. Now, the Bible said the watchman that stands on the tower, Ezekiel speaks of that. If he sees the enemy coming and fails to warn them people, God will require their blood at his hands. But if he does warn them, they fail to take heed, then their blood's on their own hand. How many know Ezekiel said that? So that's what I try to do. I try to warn about this oncoming ecumenical move. They're going to try to unite Protestants and Catholics. Anyone who unites with that, they will have the mark of the beast and go to hell. I've warned you &gt;&gt; and I've warned myself. Brother Ram warned us of that. Brother Ram said the mark of the beast is organizationalism. It's that organization that's they're going to unite. You can't buy or sell without that mark. And it's going to be tied into religion. Hallelujah. So, I've warned you. Now, it's your job to warn other people. And I've warned different people in our family here, uh, at the church, even my own family. I told my mom, I said, "Thus sayith the Lord, or brother said, thus sayith the Lord." Every denomination will take the mark of the beast. So, I said, "You better come out of it." And they will because they just keep getting further and further away from the word of God. When have they ever repented of any of their false teachings? They never do. They just get more. Right now, the Catholic gave up one of the millions of them and they said, "Well, Mary's no longer a redeemer. She how could she redeem? She's a sinner. She's unworthy to be a redeemer." Well, they repented of one. Now, let's now let's start going that trans. Let's keep going then. Don't stop there. Don't stop with one. If you're going to clean house, let's clean all the house. Praise Let's get all the leaven out. Praise God. &gt;&gt; You think they're going to do that? Nah, I don't think so. Nope. And I would say and I want to say at the end of my road when someday you pick up a paper read that I passed on or what way you would hear I want to say in leaving this life I've not shun but to declare unto you the whole council of God. That's what Paul said. Paul said that in the book of Acts chapter 20 he says and so that staying with the word then I know I'm right but if I get off the word then I'm wrong. Same thing for every preacher. Now, what do we call it? We call the message. Brother Ram says the message is the scriptures God's vindicating right now. That's what brother Ram says the message is. It's not every word on tape. The message that we call the message, why we're called a message church is because we believe the Bible scriptures God fulfilled brother Brandham to fulfill Bible verses. Not outside the Bible, but verses in the Bible. That's the message, right? All those verses. I went through them and I got them here on another slide. I could probably show them. Let me uh yeah, let me skip down. I think I got time because it's only se 7 7:30. Yeah. Okay. I'm at slide 173. Uh let me see if I got them down here. I just had a thought. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Now, if you if you look at my book uh from 2021, the 13th chapter, six passages of scripture declare this authoritative biblical truth about Elijah's spear in the end time. So I challenge anybody read these and online listeners online. Read these and see if you don't get this from those verses. Jesus will remain in heaven and not physically return to the earth until all things including all Bible doctrines and the hearts of believers are restored to the original apostolic conditions by the preaching of a prophet anointed with the spirit of Elijah. Hallelujah. Amen. These are the verses that tell us God had to send a prophet with the spirit of Elijah to restore all things to finish the mystery of God. Hallelujah. They're in there. And to deny one of those, you've denied your Bible. Hallelujah. And I gave I gave everybody a free copy if you want a free copy of that book. Amen. Uh I hope you read them by God's grace. But see, uh that's the message. This is the message, right? This is the word of God. Now, uh I didn't I'm not going to get to this, but I found 12. There's 12 in the Bible, Brother talks about that are called mysteries. Six of them we have thus sayith the Lord on. So we have thus sayith the Lord on Israel's blindness, the seven church ages, uh the mystery of iniquity, Babylon, the Roman Catholic Church, and the Godhead. God's not three persons. God's one person. Thus sayith the Lord, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Christ in you. It's thus sayaith the Lord. Okay. U and then we went through these, remember? I think I got 20 42 total, man. So let's just we have we have thus sayith the Lord on all these. It's the Bible giving us I'm sorry it's us understanding the Bible. Okay. So some of these are repeats, right? But there's nine. There's uh eight more. How many remember we preach on the prove all things or not prove all things? It was we have thus sayith the Lord series. Just three sermons. I preached when Rod was here because I thought it might be new to him and he he said he liked hearing me preach about the prophets and prophecy. And then there's six uh fulfilled thus sayith the lords. And here's 27 total. Now in the book I got 11 future prophecies about United States mark of the beast Rome. There's 11 of them. And then uh one two three four more for a total of 42. Now church none of us know anybody who gave us 42 thus say the Lord. There's not a person who's done that. Only God's prophet brother Random. Hallelujah. And if so let's see him. If you got something better let's see it. Here I am. I'm waiting. Should I start a timer on my watch? See, next time I get an email, someone show me all who's somebody's got more thus sayith the Lord's in this time that have come to pass. I think I'll be waiting a long time. I think my battery is going to run out on my watch. Hallelujah. That's right. I'm not saying that to be angry. I'm just saying that because that's the truth. It proves God sent William Brandom as a prophet. Okay. So, there's 40. What' I say? 47. 42. Hallelujah. 42. Brother Mercy. Not one, 42. 42. Thus sayith the Lord's. That the message is turning our hearts back to the apostolic teaching. So when I teach something, it should come out of here with two or three Bible witnesses. All right, everybody got that? Good. Got some good listening ears here tonight. Praise God. I know everybody's tired. It's been a long day. I had a long day, too. I worked long hours, too. Not as long as somebody. God bless your heart, man. Okay. Bless your heart, buddy. Let's go back to this. So, see, that's why we can be so bold. That's why for 11 years I've been on YouTube like, "Somebody come show me where I'm wrong." And nobody can show me where I'm wrong. And I'm not I'm not bragging about that, but I'm just saying spiritually, it's like Joshua. God told Joshua, "If you can keep THE WORD OF GOD, NO MAN WILL BE ABLE TO STAND BEFORE YOU ALL the days of your life." And no man's been able to to disprove any of these beliefs all these days of my life. Hallelujah. That I've been preaching the word of God. And that's not bragging ON ME. THAT'S BRAGGING ON WHAT GOD REVEALED TO US BECAUSE GOD HAS TO FINISH THE MYSTERY of God. It has to happen at the end time. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; One of these days I'm going to preach a sermon in the sealed book because God told Daniel, I'm going to seal up that book. And then he says to the until the end time. So that's 500 years before Christ. He says, "Seal up the book." But then the Bible says in Revelation which was uh 500 years later uh 500 uh yeah 600 years later he says the books now the seals have been torn off and the book was sent down to earth to finish the mystery of God. Hallelujah. If you trace that through the Bible sometime there's got to be a time when the seals are broken off the book and God's people understand the mysteries. This is the time we understand. We're blessed of the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; WE'RE THE CHILDREN OF GOD. HALLELUJAH. AMEN. And even Rod was saying that. He said he went online looking for a an oldfashioned Holy Ghost fil group and he found us. Right, Brother Rod? Hallelujah. Amen. See, he wanted to find somebody who believed the Bible, somebody that loved the Bible, somebody who believed in the truth, someone who believed in all the WORD OF GOD. AND GOD f helped him to FIND IT. GOD SHOWED HIM WHO BELIEVES THE WORD OF GOD. &gt;&gt; AMEN. I'm a little more excited than I thought I'd be. So, pardon me. I guess I'm just thankful. I'm just I'm just thankful, church. Okay, it's just it's same pastor, same brother Jesse, same I'm just a little excited tonight by God's grace &gt;&gt; because I see it. I see God gave US A PROPHET 42 THUS SAYITH THE LORD'S. AMEN. SAYS, DON'T ADD TO THE WORD. NEVER TAKE ONE WORD AWAY. If you have genuine faith in God's WORD, YOU'LL NEVER ADD. YOU'LL NEVER TAKE AWAY. THAT PROVES YOU'RE THE CHILD OF GOD. &gt;&gt; Because God's children will never add or take away from his word. But every one of these denominations does it. Hallelujah. They say, "Well, no, you women can wear makeup. You women can trim your hair a little bit. You've just taken away from the word of God or added to it." Hallelujah. Glory. Now, Brother said his message is to bring the people back to the word of God. &gt;&gt; Notice now quickly now, Brother Jesse. Quickly, Brother Jesse. Now, she's in that stage beyond a shadow of a doubt. We're in the Leosian church age. That's thus sayith the Lord. Now, her messenger is promised in Malachi the 4th chapter, he's promised to do it. And the message is to bring the people back to the word. Bring the people back to the word. And I am uh birth is to be she's to be delivered of a new birth from according to Malachi 4. Hallelujah. That's right. Now, I don't understand that last statement. I didn't study that quote uh fully. I just stopped at the blue. So, pardon me. I don't quite understand that. Again, he says, "The message is to bring the people back to the word." And notice, word by word, every word of the Bible. Now, church, remember the junction saints? Remember the brother Rod, two years ago, I baptized 17 of them in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. They left the Amish denomination. And they said their pastor wouldn't even preach out of Revelation. Wouldn't even preach out of Daniel. They were so afraid that people might get some revelation that they said, "Don't even read it. Right. So, they're clearly clearly these men, not all of them, but some of the Amish communities are taking away. They're saying, "Don't even read it." But we're not afraid of it because the Holy Spirit's here. &gt;&gt; The Holy Spirit is the giver of revelation. If the Holy Ghost is here and he wrote it, he can let us know what it means. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's one example of of people taking away from the word of God. I'm telling you, read your Bibles. I'm telling you, listen to Brother Brandham. I'm telling you, listen to other preachers that have the Holy Ghost that are still alive today. AMEN. TAKE EVERYTHING BACK TO THE WORD. PROVE ALL THINGS. See what THE HOLY GHOST WILL REVEAL TO YOU. &gt;&gt; AMEN. Stay in the word. Meditate on the word of God. No man or woman will be able to stand before you ALL THE DAYS OF YOUR LIFE IF YOU stand on the word of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What she used to be the same bride, the same kind as the day of Pentecost, right? the bride built out of the same kind of material that she was in the first place. Now read Malachi 4 and see if we're not supposed to have a message in the last days that'll turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers back to the original Pentecostal message word by word. Brothers, we are here. Bride of Christ Fellowship, we are here. Amen. Every word of the BIBLE IS SUPPOSED TO BE RESTORED BACK TO US and we're supposed to believe it. church. Don't let it become common to you. If church has become boring or common reading your Bible, you better get down. You better pray. Brother said, "Pray until you're changed. &gt;&gt; Don't stop praying until you feel different about God's word &gt;&gt; or preaching or praying or whatever it is. Don't stop praying until your attitude has changed and you've repented and God has given you a fresh transformation of the mind." &gt;&gt; Amen. Don't let it become common. Now remember, brother Ramon said, "Always be careful how you're listening to him." Not say, "Every word is thus say the Lord." He never said that. He said, "Be careful how you're listening." Now, I've always asked you to be careful what you're listening to. See, there's so much of it. It's just a human side. But always, if there's something that goes forth, it will speak it. It's thus sayith the Lord, even divisions and anything. Now, remember the the context of this. A month before, Brother Random said Martin Luther King Jr. is going to lead a million of these uh black people to a like a Hitler-like genocide, like a civil war down in the South. Brother Bam said, "You watch me. I'm on tape." And so they asked him the ne next month, "Was that thus say the Lord?" And brother Bam said, "I've always asked you to be careful what you're listening to." Brother Bam said, "I have nothing on it from the Lord." In that moment, he was stirred up. There's going to be a se segregation war. There's going to be a racial war. And brother said, "I'm even on tape." But he didn't say, "Thus say the Lord. What did he say? He said uh that the racial integration problem there in the 60s, it's inspired of the wrong thing. He's talking about Martin Luther King Jr. and church. They found out there's a lot of things wrong with Martin Luther King Jr. I guess he was adulterer heavy heavy adulterer and didn't even believe the Bible. I heard some things he preached on tape and I'm like, what'd he say? He was like saying how the resurrection was uh wasn't even a fact. There are certain elements of the resurrection of Jesus that weren't even a fact. like who made this guy a hero? Who was that president that did that? Probably probably Johnson. Was it Johnson? These guys. This is part of the wrong thing. See them people. That's the reason I say it. Not that there's any prophecy concerning it. Brother Ram said Martin Luther King Jr. is going to lead them about million souls into a death trap. He said, "I'm on tape." A month later, he says, "I don't have anything on it from the Lord. I have nothing on it from the Lord. He just thought, "Well, we've had racial wars before." That's basically what the Holocaust was, right? A racial war against the Jews. They just got done with it in 45. Here is 20 years later, he says, "It's probably going to be the same thing happen again." He says, "I have nothing on it from the Lord." And you be sure now if I say anything from the Lord like that to tell you it's always I'm speaking now, but when he speaks, I say it's not me. It's thus sayeth the Lord. And I can't say it to tells me. I could be altogether wrong in my thought about Martin Luther King. I don't know. I can't say that's just my opinion. Church, prophets are allowed their opinions. You ought to be happy. You're allowed your opinions, too. God doesn't force you to think everything the same as brother or sister. He allows you to have your own opinions. That's a merciful God. But it's a test, right? It's a test. It shows who really worships Brother Brandon or who really worships Ernest Angley or who really worships Billy Graham and who doesn't. When people start making every word infallible, they've officially got an evil seducing deity spirit. They have an antichrist spirit because they'll deny this quote and they say they believe every word is thus sayith the Lord. Brother Chris, well, at the beginning, Brother Ram said he was good, but we know at the end he definitely got off at the end. Big time he got off. Rod sent me some videos. I've seen numerous ones, too. He said abortion was okay in the in the moments of rape or in the I saw I'm like, "Bro, oh man." Uh, and he had these ideas like you could get saved in any religion. He thought the Muslims could be saved and the Hindus and all kinds of nonsense. He was way off the word of God. You can't be saved except confessing your sins by the blood of Jesus Christ. He says, "That's just my opinion." Oh, yeah. There I even heard I watched that video, too. At the beginning he was preaching against uh uh protestants and Catholics uniting and then something switched. So before he preached against Catholics and then he started uniting with Catholics and that's from that time on that's when I think it was in the late uh or maybe early 50s. I have to go check it. Remind me if you want me to find it for you. Now brother Bam says anything he teaches it can't be my opinion. It has to be the word. Yeah. Another uh clock. Yeah. Yes. You can still listen to their good preaching. Just like Balum. Aren't you glad the three wise men listened to Balam's prophecy? Balam was a wicked man, right? He went to hell. But his prophecy about Jesus was right. They followed the star of Jacob. Yeah, you sure can, brother. Yeah. Uh but but you always got to use your discernment. Don't turn off your discernment, right? And same thing for me or anybody anytime you listen to Billy Graham or I don't do it much at all. Maybe once or twice. Uh just because I know I know what he turned into. But if you do that, you got to turn on got to have your discernment ready to go. You don't want to swallow down any lies. Definitely not. Yep. Definitely not. Definitely not, brother. Yes, you're right about that, brother. You're right, brother. Now, his dad knew Brother Brandham. His dad's brother Brandon knew him and his name's on tape. Uh John Ostein. John Ostein preached some type of holiness. And now look what his son became. It's really sad. You're right, brother. Now remember these things that I say must come must must not just your own thoughts or dreams or visions or anything like that or own imagination. They must come from the word of God. It can't be my own opinion because my opinion is just like anybody else's. Oh no. Brother's opinion is way more important than ours. Is it? Is that what he said? Now, do we respect do we respect prophets? Of course. But what did the prophet say about his opinion? He said, "My opinion is just the same as anybody else." An opinion is an idea that's based upon something that might not be factual. That's what an opinion is. But people say, "Well, I'll take brother's opinion over somebody else." Well, that's fine. You can do that. You have the freedom to do that. But don't condemn people that don't because you're off the word of God. If it's not, thus say the Lord, it's not from the word of God. It's just his opinion. And stop trying to make a man's opinion deity when it's not deity. It's not inspired unless it's got thus sayith the Lord or it goes back to the word of God. See? See? But it's got to be in continuity with the word of God. Remember, God keeps everything in continuity. He never changes. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Do you believe that he's the same? Now, I want to get I want to close with this. It's almost time to close. Now, all the time you hear these people say, "Just say what the tape say." Just say what the tape say. Brother Ram also said, "Just say what the Bible says." So, which one are you going to do, church? Which one are you going to do? Oh my pressure. Somebody turn up the heat in here, Brother Jesse. Church, it's so simple. Just take everything Brother Ram said back to the Bible. If it's in the Bible, believe it. It's not the Bible, just put it up on a shelf. Just be regular. Just be a common believer. Just be a real faithful believer. And but if you look at these quotes where brother Ram said, just say what the tapes say, you'll understand what he is saying if you listen to the context of them. But I like this one. I can't wait to use this one. I'm going to try to trap I shouldn't say that. I don't want to trap them, but I want I want them to see their folly. How can you say you're a Christian and disobey one word in one thing? Whosoever disobeyed the law and one part of it was guilty of all of it. Whosoever Jesus said, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God, not just part of the words, every word. Then he said in Revelation the 22nd chapter, whosoever should take one word out of this book or add one word to it, his part will be taken out of the book of life. We're not to take away from the Bible or add to it, just say what it says. They say, "Preacher, sit down and press play." That's not what the Bible says, so I'm not going to say that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. The Bible doesn't say just press, play, and obey. So, I'm just going to say what the Bible says. The Bible said preach until we come to a unity of the faith. And we're still not unified. Last time I checked, Brother Rod, with the Methodist church, right? Or the Pentecostal church. The Methodist church telling you not to say amen. Uh we're still not unified on that. We better keep preaching. Or a Baptist church or a Pentecost, whoever it may be. And I'm just using that as a funny example. In other words, we're going to keep preaching till all the Holy Ghost fil believers are united on the word of God because we'll never unite with the foolish virgins all the way. We'll never unite with unbelievers or make believers. We'll only unite with the bride of Jesus Christ. Just say what it says. Preacher, just say what the Bible says. &gt;&gt; Okay, brother Bam. I'll do that by God's grace. You know why? Because we're judged by the Bible. Abraham said, "If it don't make any difference, why did I'm sorry. If it don't make a difference how they're baptizing, why did Paul command them Christians praising God, have a lot of joy?" He's talking about uh Acts chapter 18. Is it 18? No, 19. Acts 19. And them having great things going up on there. Why did he tell them you got to come back and be baptized over again in the name of Jesus Christ? Is Acts 19 1-6 uh down in Ephesus. See, take the word. Just stay with it. Don't say nothing different. Whoa. What? Don't say nothing different than what just what the Bible says. Nothing different. Just say what the Bible says. Nothing different. Just say what it says. See, that's what we're going to be judged by. Hallelujah. So, I want to be I want to be uh faithful in telling you just what the Bible says, not what I think or anybody else thinks, what the Bible says. You know why? Because it's a curse. Just like the Bible says to add or take away one word from the Bible, an angel would preach anything else. He's quoting Galatians 1 8 uh 8 9 10 11 12 then already when what's been said in the Bible, let him be cursed. Nobody can can't do that. It must be just exactly the way it says. And again, we read Revelations 22:18. If any man will add one word to this or take one word from it, God will take his part out of the book of life. Right? God will take his part. or though he be a minister whatever he may be his name might be Rrook wrote on the book of life but God said I'll just rub it off that's right if he adds one thing to it or takes one word from it that's how infallible God has made his word see you can't add to the church or take from the church you can't add that to the word or take from it because God will take your name right off the book of life and he says you're finished then you're just finished then you can't add to it or take away from it now church God's hearing your amens tonight in heaven Hallelujah, brother Chris. Well, that's the thing. God God has fornowledge. So God would know whether they're going to do that. So God never would blot it out if they were going to eventually repent because God fornows God knows all that are his. Yeah, good question. Give two. Good question. Okay. So, brother Ram said, "Just say what the Bible says. Say nothing else. Never say anything else." But then he says, "Just say what the tapes say." So, this needs balance out. But Ram said, "Listen, may I say this right quick? Even the vision God gives here at the place, it's so misunderstood." That's the reason you hear me say on the tapes, "Say what the tapes say. Say what the visions say." So, what's the main reason brother Ram said, "Say what the tapes say." People were listening to the visions. When when brother Ram would see visions and tell them secrets about their life, brother Ram said just say what the tapes say about the visions in the prayer lines, the discernment. That's the main reason he said say what the tapes say. He wasn't saying say every word I said during the sermon. That's not what he's not he's saying. He's not saying be a parrot and parrot back everything I say. That's not what he's saying. The purpose was the discernments. People would want to know, well, what did God tell you? What did God show in the vision? Am I going to be healed? Am I going to be uh am I going to go to heaven? What's going to happen? Brother Ram said, "Say what the tapes say?" Now, here's one I just preached to you uh last month. Brother Ram says, "And you that's taken the tapes, then you just stay right with that tape teaching, don't say nothing but what the tape says. Just say exactly what the tape says." He said, "Because you're going to understand a whole lot now why it's misunderstood." Now, here it is. So many times, what, church? Read that word. So many times what? Confusion. People raise up and say, "Well, so and so meant so- and so." Just leave it the way it is. So, Brother Brandham was experiencing people listening to his tapes and changing what he said. And I'm going to show you the next quotes here. Brother Brandham said they were actually splicing tapes. So, they were cutting out parts of tapes just like they do today, right, with politicians and everybody or even preachers. They'll cut off something you say and put it back together. They'll cut this piece out. Put it together and make you say something you didn't say. So brother Ram was saying just say what the tapes say because you'll avoid confusion if you just say what the tapes say. So brother Ram said this because the Bible says never add to it. Remember a genuine faith will never add what? Nothing to the word of God. It'll never take away. So that's why brother Ram saying if there's teaching if there's Bible teaching on the tape don't just say what the tape says. just say what the Bible says about that Bible teaching. He's not saying parrot every word I say because you got to be he said you got to be careful what you're listening to whether it's of God or whether it's just my human opinion. Don't forget the other quotes. But see they'll just say they'll just focus on those quotes. Say what the tape say. Say what the tape say. Say what the tape say. But they forget the other quotes where it says you got to be careful what you're listening to. My opinion is just like anybody else's opinion. See they focus like a repeat like a record over and over. They go like like Israel. So they go around 40 years. They never move past that. The Bible said grow in grace and of the knowledge of the Lord. They don't grow out of that tape worship. Tape worship. They just go around in circles. Around and around tape circle tape. Just say what it says. Just say what it says. Just say what it says. They don't go back to the word of God. We've got to be careful not to do that either. Right? We've got to learn something. How many want to learn something from God? You got to learn. You got to grow. You got to become a new creature in Christ Jesus. Don't let your walk become stagnant. DRAW NIGH TO GOD AND GOD WILL DRAW NIGH TO YOU. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Don't let it happen to you. Don't be Don't let this become a denomination. Any church, brother Rod, can become a denomination. Any church, as soon as you cut off the word of God and you stop trying to grow, you become a denomination. Now, here's the church. The reason he said this, he said, "Here the other day in Arizona, people are splicing the tapes to try to make me say things that I didn't say." Now, God showed him a vision, though. Just let it alone, brother. God told brother, "Don't try to fight it." Because God told him, Revelation 22, "If you add or take away, that will be done to you. The plagues will be added or your name will be taken out of the book." And brother, God told Brother, "As long as I'm fighting it, then I can't fight for you." So in that particular case, God told Brother, "Don't fight against these people. They're taking your tapes and making you say something you didn't say." Brother said, God told him, "I'll fight that battle." And here's in the same sermon he says, "Now you dares try to add or take away from it. For if you try to put your own interpretation yourself, your part is taken from the book of life. Are you trying to say something that the spirit hasn't said?" Now church, how do we know what the spirit said? It's in the word of God. Are you trying to make it sound like it said something or you just take it exactly what it said and leaving it like that? Are you splicing, cutting, taping, doing those things that's not right? Have you? Now only Rod and I would know what that is. Beatatric would know, too. We used to have cassette tapes and they would rip. Well, you had to get out a piece of t tape and tape them back together and wind them back up. Most you don't even understand that. It's like some foreign language to you. I had to take my cassette tapes and screw them back around. And that the tape would all come out. I got to screw them back together until all the tape comes back in. Brother said, "That's what they're doing. They're they're playing my tapes, cutting out where he told some things, taping it back together." And brother Ram said, "You'll be guilty of adding to the word of God." Now, in his case, he's talking about water baptism, the Godhead, all these simple, humble doctrines that we believe. But these people didn't like it. So, they're cutting the tapes and they're cutting out the right baptism. They're cutting out that God's one person. They're cutting out that men should be holy. Yeah. He talks about it next. He he cut they cut it out that women should not cut their hair. So, brother said, "You'll be guilty of that on the day of judgment. You cut out the part of the sermon where he talked about women should have long hair, men should have short hair. Think about that, church. They're basically going like this. They're basically cutting out chapters of the Bible and just throwing them in the trash, burning them, right? They're cut they're cutting out 1 Corinthians 11 about hair lengths or Deuteronomy 22 about women and men having different garments. It's as if they're just cutting out parts of the Bible and throwing it away like it means nothing. And so on the day of judgment, if they don't repent, they'll answer for that. Are you splicing, cutting, tape, and doing things that's not right? to have you say, "Well, I just don't feel like I should do this, or maybe I know my church don't believe it." That's just one man's word about it. That one man is God. Amen. Hallelujah. Who's that one man that said men shouldn't dress like women? God said that. &gt;&gt; The Bible here says you should not cut your hair. The Bible said it will come to pass that women will wear garments like men and how they would be an abomination to God. So, this is the context, church. I hope everybody can catch this tonight. This is the context where he's saying just say what the tapes say. He's not saying parrot every word. Just sit down and and close your mouth and stop preaching. Bury your talent in the ground. That's not what he's saying like they're saying today. He's saying don't cut out the truths of what I preach. Preach the full Bible like I did. Does everybody understand that? And like I put on my video last week, if people aren't listening to brother Brandham, I really doubt you're born again. You don't want to hear the prophet messenger of your age. How could you be born again and not want to listen to God's prophet? A prophet who who uh walked here not long ago. We're coming up on 60 years uh next month. We're already we're almost there. My 60 years since he's been off the scene. You don't want to hear a prophet of God preach with thus sayith the Lord. You don't want to hear any of those 42 thus sayith the Lords. We we would give anything to go back and listen to Jesus talk, right? We give anything to go watch Moses give a thus sayith the Lord or Elijah. We give anything to see the fire fall on Mount Carmel, but yet we won't even put on a tape of God's prophet and hear him say thus sayith the Lord. I think we're showing favoritism or I think the word of God has become common to us. We must be careful church. I'm almost done now. Brother Ram says this. How much? It's almost 8 o'clock. I'm almost done. Brother Ram says this quote. Brother Ram's reading Deuteronomy 4 like we did. He's quoting Moses and he says, ' Don't add, don't diminish and he says, Moses said, "I call heavens and earth to witness against you this day." He says, "You'll utterly perish off the land." I'm going fast through this if you uh add or take away from my commands. So Moses is clearly calling a heavenly witness against Israel for breaking the commands of God, not the human opinions of Moses. Everybody got that? Moses said, "If you break the commands of God," he said in verse two, "The commandments of the Lord your God, then I call all heavens and earth to witness against you." So what does brother say? This was Moses speaking to Israel after he had been vindicated by God by a pillar of fire. And brother Brandham was vindicated by a pillar of fire. And note, he was proven to be God's servant to lead them out. And before they went to the land, before they entered, Moses said, "Now these words that I spoken to you, I call heaven and earth to witness against you. If you add one thing or take one word from it, you'll not stay in the land where the Lord your God gives you." Now look what he says. So I say in the name of Jesus Christ. Don't you add one thing. Don't take don't put your own ideas in it. You just say what's on those tapes. You just do exactly what the Lord or God has commanded to you. Don't add to it. And the church said, "I believe this with all my heart, but I also believe the other statements he made too that he says there's mixups on the tapes." Right? Abraham said, "I don't know all the answers." He said, "I make those mistakes all the time where he he said uh 700 bowed their knee to bail instead of 7,000 in the days of Elijah." He said, "I make them mistakes all the time." He said, "You forgive me for that." So, brother is not saying you got to focus on every single word. It's the revelations that are on the tapes. It's the Bible truths that are on the tapes. But this is the one the tape boys use. Even preachers use this and they say, "I stand behind every word from 1947 to 65." That means you stand behind man's opinions that aren't vindicated by the word of God. There's some man's opinions behind there. You're standing behind something that's not fully the word of God. We only want to stand behind all the word of God. We're not going to worship tapes in this church. &gt;&gt; Now, this is for the younger ones, okay? So that they get it. Now, the older ones, you ought to say, "Praise God. God bless my pastor for preaching that." I knew it, but I needed a fresh reminder. And you young ones, I'll say, "Praise God. I never heard Brother so enthusiastically support the word of God and say, "DON'T SAY JUST SAY WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS." SO IF YOU LOOK AT THE CONTEXT, brother Ram saying just like Moses, all the commands of God that I preach to you say what they say, not my own human opinions. And again, he says, I'm going to skip down, just don't add to it. Don't take from it. You just believe it and walk humble before the Lord your God. We're nearing the going into the land. Hallelujah. Okay. Uh closing. And the Lord your God of the fathers uh this is the time of Zedekiah. He was the last king uh before the exile or the captivity of Israel out of the promised land. The Lord God of your fathers sent to them by his messengers rising up be times and sending because he had compassion on his people. Now I'm updating this to the days of the Gentiles. This was written to the Jews, but I'm updating this. If God is unchanging, God would have compassion on us, the Gentiles. And he would send us a prophet because God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And where's his dwelling place today? Is it is it Akan, Ohio? Not necessarily. It's in the body of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Church, your life is not hidden in Akran, Ohio. Your life is not hidden in Bright of Christ Fellowship. Your life is hidden in Christ. That's where your seed in heavenly places. Your seed in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, not in bride of Christ fellowship. But what they do when the preachers came around, the p the prophets, they mocked him. They mocked brother Brandon. They despised his words. Oh, we don't need that's old fuddy duddy stuff. We don't need that old fashioned nonsense. They misuse his prophets like they do today. They focus on everything outside the Bible that brother Ram actually preached all the details of his life. They focus on those things. They misuse his words rather than putting him uh but rather than taking what he said back to the Bible until the wrath wrath of the Lord rose against his people to there was no remedy. Okay, we'll stop right there. Now Malachi is going to take off. Sure. Okay. Well, I told him he could take off because he's got to get up at 3:30. But musicians can come if you want to stay. Okay, buddy. That's up to you. I'll try to close faster here. Let's stand to our feet by God's grace. Just play that again. Ancient words. Let's play that again. By God's grace. Hallelujah. Now, church, was this helpful tonight? By the grace of the Lord. I especially want our young believers and our children and our teenagers to see Brother Brandham constantly emphasized, "Do not add to the word of God. Do not take it away." He said, "Just say what it says." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, I've been called all kinds of things. I've been rejected. I've been called a notthead. I've been called a a devil. I've been called a Judas a scar just for saying these other quotes. Just because I use the other side of the quotes from Brother Brandham. But you know what? I don't even care what these people say. All I care is what one man says, and that's God Almighty. Like brother Ram said, I would rather drink branch water and eat soda crackers than have chicken every night. Now, I do have chicken a lot, but if I had a choice between uh little money, little and and no popularity and popularity and staying true to the word of God, I'll take the way with the Lord's despised few. I don't care if I lose all my friends and preachers. I don't care. I care about one preacher that I I don't lose favor with. That's Jesus. because he went down and preached to the spirits that were in prison. Hallelujah. Amen. That's the one preacher I got to have a good friendship with by God's grace. And the Bible said any man that lives in holiness, the Bible said he'll suffer persecution. And right now the only persecution is name calling and separating and things like that. At least in America. But the mark's coming. We don't know when. But you've heard the warning. Do not unite right with any church, any organization. Do not unite with any organization that says you can't buy or sell unless you unite with that. You unite with Jesus Christ. We don't know the day or the hour. But we've been warned. God sent us a uh God sent us a watchman on the tower. Thank God. God sent brother Brandon as a watchman on the tower with thus sayith the Lord. And he didn't say uh like Paul Rivere, he didn't say the British are coming. He didn't say Rome is coming. He said Rome is here. Look at Rome in the government. Look at all the Catholics in the government. Rome is here, church. It ain't coming. It's here. How many want to be like brother Brandham and said, "I hang my soul on any phrase in the Holy Bible." How many want to be like that? We're going to have to perhaps at some point, now I said perhaps if it comes in our generation, [music] somebody's going to have to hang their soul on this word of God. We see it happen in Nigeria, North Korea, China. We see it happening there. If it comes here, we got to be willing to hang our soul. I believe the word of God is thus sayith the Lord. I'm not going to take one word away from it. I'm not going to add one word to it. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we thank you for tonight. Lord, I've just felt this holy boldness. Lord, that's what happened when they got the Holy Ghost. They were speaking the word of God with boldness. This boldness just come on me. Lord, I feel so sad for these tape worshippers, Lord God. How could they do this? [music] Lord, what what kind of evil spirit do they have? Lord God, how can they read these and listen to these sermons and not hear the truth, Lord? They're just blind. And you said the let the blind lead the blind. But Lord, even as a minor watchman, I'm not the major watchman. I'm just a minor watchman. I stand from the tower saying do not worship the tapes. Take every word back to the Bible. Prove all things. Don't add one word to the Bible. Don't take one word away from the Bible. Just say what the Bible says. Lord, we tried to preach your word tonight, Lord. And I especially want this next generation to know how much your prophet loved the Bible. [music] And we can't do anything until we come back to the Bible. Nobody can be helped. Nobody can be healed. Nobody can be saved. Nobody can be filled with the Holy Ghost or made ready for the rapture without obeying the word of God. So help us, Lord God, to obey every word of God. Lord, help this not to become common. If the people haven't read their Bible, prayed, or Lord, listen to Brother Brandham or other Holy Ghost fililled preachers, I pray they repent and do that. Make it right tonight. Pray until their hearts are changed, Lord [music] God. And as brother Brandham said, Lord, my for me, let me be innocent on that day of ever adding to the word or taking away from it. Lord God, I know that's what they want too, Lord Jesus. Unite our hearts to fear your name. Unite our hearts with thus sayaith the Lord. It's uniting time for the bride and the word of God. [music] We give you praise. We give you glory tonight. Bless us your in your divine presence. I ask it [music] in Jesus Christ's name. And the saint said,
