################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-25 - (9-24-25) The Angel of the LORD, Pt. 2  - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-25
Title:   (9-24-25) The Angel of the LORD, Pt. 2  - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idwTxS_yVQo
========================================

We're gonna keep clapping, brother, till you come every service. Okay. That's a joke, brother. That's a joke. No, we love you, brother. God bless you, Richly. Appreciate you, brother Rod. Thank you, sir. Hallelujah. Any updates on the house sale, brother? Anything about that? &gt;&gt; It's off tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Okay, it's off tomorrow. Okay, brother. All right. Well, praise the Lord. That's one answer to prayer. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. And we're looking forward to our brother's testimony on Sunday night 3 o'clock by God's grace. So looking forward to that. Now one thing you know uh why I had Adam and then you know I felt led to have brother Rod just uh Adam's testimony for our brothers and just for any I mean all for hope for everybody but especially for the brothers and I love brother Rod's testimony. I love his character especially for our brothers here. I'm inspired by brother Rod. Brother Rod his love for the Lord his dedication for the Lord. I just I just get inspired every time I talk to him or get a voice message. I like the voice messages. I love that. I love that I can hear somebody's voice and how they feel and you know what how they're saying it, you know. Um but then just to hear all these testimonies, I think it'll be a great blessing to you on Sunday night. Then we have that brother from uh Kentucky coming uh in November. He was supernaturally healed of numerous u you know diseases and and and troubles. And this guy's on fire. He waves a handkerchief at the services. He's doing outreach. They're went to city hall and had held a service. He's putting together packets uh to give out to people that don't know the gospel. I mean, he's got a YouTube channel. He's not a preacher, but it's like he's testifying. He's on fire, you know. So, I these testimonies have inspired me. Like I told you, since Adam came, I've had so much victory in my life. Just just so blessed. I I just there's something happened to me and something happened to him, too. Amen. But uh I'm looking forward to the same with brother Rod's testimony. How many looking forward to that? Praise God. Amen. Just it's so wonderful to have God send our brothers in like this and uh God knows how to do it. Praise God. Looking forward to Sunday night, brother Rod. God bless you. Love you, brother. Hallelujah. So, Genesis 22:15. I'm 16. Sorry to hold you so long not saying my text, but I want to preach the angel of the Lord part two. We looked at part one on Sunday. I got some nice feedback from that online. So, I hope you were blessed on Sunday by the grace of the Lord. I've been growing in this area of angels. You know, I did I'm not I've not spent a time a lot of time on it. So, it's kind of like a fresh topic to me. Like I told you, I've always been drawn to doctrine and um you know, certain topics, but it's been a while. It's been five years since I looked at angels. So, a lot of this has been fresh to me. It's been a nice review. So um the angel lord again as we said on Sunday is God taking on an angel form but then when you know brother Brandham had the angel Lord come to him it wasn't God it was just his we'd say guarding angel or ministering spirit is another way to say that by God's grace. So we'll look at part two here tonight. So Genesis 22:15-6. Thank you. Wonderful job there. Okay let's read the Psalm three. Ready? One two three. And the angel of the Lord called unto Abraham, out of heaven the second time, and said, By myself have I sworn, saeth the Lord. For because thou hast done this thing, and has not withheld thy son, thine only son. May God add his blessing to Reema's word. You may be seated. I'll just do a really short review here. uh by God's grace. Uh this is this is the thought that really struck me was the angel of the Lord that there's numerous times where God would come down and he would put on an angel form. Uh and then uh as I said now I think there's at least eight types of angels. Now no doubt there's probably more uh no doubt about that. But just it's just been refreshing to see the angel of the Lord. Um archangels. Let me just get to my list here so I don't forget any. I hate to say there's eight and then not be able to name them. Cherub, third kind, saraphim, guardian angel, which we would call a ministering spirit in the King James version language. And then there's watcher angels, which was totally new to me in Daniel chapter 4. I', you know, of course I've read the Bible numerous times, but just never stuck out like, oh, that's a special type of angel. Um, and then of course very familiar with destroying angels. And then eight is sealing angels with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So, uh, that's quite a wonderful thought there. By God's grace. So, there's at least eight, and I'm sure as I study this, I'll get to some more here. Uh, by God's grace, we're making really good time. All right. I might be able to preach 45 minutes tonight. Praise God. Hallelujah. That'd be wonderful. So, uh, uh, we we looked uh, Sunday at how the angel of the Lord, when it's God, he he went to believers that were involved with the covenant, right? With the covenant he'd made. Now we know there's the Edenic covenant um uh the first covenant the garden of Eden and then after that was the Adamic covenant or Adam covenant right and then there was the Noic covenant or Noah's covenant and then uh the Abrahamic covenant. So we see the angel Lord connected to uh Abraham there in Genesis 22:15 and 16. So we see God connecting to the covenant of Abraham uh that he gave him and that's still in effect today. How many know God's covenants are still in effect today? It's like God just adds on to that, right? Because we look outside, we saw a rainbow yesterday, right? That's the Noah covenant, right? Right. Still in effect. Um, now what's interesting is brother Billy Paul had a testimony. Now, I didn't I didn't agree with any of his doctrine. But his testimony was when brother Brandham was met by the angel and the angel let Billy Paul see him. Billy Paul's testimony was when the angel left there was a rainbow on the floor for like half an hour afterwards. So now every time I see an angel, I'm thinking I'm sorry. Now, every time I see a rainbow, I'm thinking, was there an angel? Uh, which is really interesting, real phenomenal, uh, by God's grace. But something to keep in mind, you know, uh, and I'll read some quotes, too, hopefully at the end here if we have enough time where brother specifically talks about angels being in the service and then the effects that that had on the people because remember every time they saw an angel in the Bible, usually, not every time, but usually it says how fearful they were, &gt;&gt; right? In most cases, now not every case, uh, but most cases, right? Because the Bible says you can entertain then unawares. Well, if you're not aware, then there wouldn't be the fear of the Lord, right? But if you're aware and there's fear instantly, then then that would that would cause the the angel the prince of God to bring this great fear upon you. So unawares there might not be that powerful presence. But if it was a powerful presence, then that would of course be the sign of an angel. But it just gives the idea you, in other words, the Bible says you always want to be ready. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Be instant in season, out of season. you might be entertaining angels and the Bible mainly the times that they would get entertained was uh related to births as well. I noticed that as well uh with Noah I'm sorry with Samson um and different ones that slipping my mind now but oh yeah Mary you know uh what's &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; John the Baptist. Yes. John the B that's right brother John the Baptist. So often angels are connected to birth the Lord Jesus as we said Chris. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Let's do that after service, brother. That's awesome. Hallelujah. Amen. Proof of God. Just like the picture of pillar of fire and the picture of the cloud. By God's grace, God sometimes gives supernatural vindications. There's that one message believer, a sister down there in Louisiana. She has a scan like this and you can see the cancer. Uh the next time she goes back, the cancer has vanished. I love stuff like that. You know, science science has to prove it. They have no other explanation. That's right. &gt;&gt; Right. And church, guess what song was singing when she got the healing? Uh leaning on the everlasting arms. That was a song. What a fellowship. What a joy. And the angel of the Lord come down and touched her. And that cancer vanished. church. You just never know. You just always want to be ready. Instant e in season, out of season. You want to be serving the Lord. Praise God. God, forgive me of any evil thoughts or any evil deeds. Lord, I just want to be ready for your presence. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because you never know when the angel of God may manifest something. Hallelujah. And as I said, you know, last Sunday, the moment right after I heard Charlie Kirk was shot, I'm driving home and a car swerves in front of me. I honk and it swerved right out of the way. So, I death was right there. Right after he uh met death, death was right there, but God spared me by God's grace. Uh, and again, we don't know why God God knows all things. Why God took Charlie Kirk or God took Brother Brandon at 56? 56 he was taken off the scene. How long did brother Angley live? 90. &gt;&gt; Almost. &gt;&gt; Oh, almost under. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Let that be my testimony, your testimony. We all want that one. But God's got different plans, of course, but that's our desire, you know, of course, to stay with our loved ones as long as we can. But we saw Abram, Abraham with the covenant. Jacob also had the covenant because God told him uh I'm the God of Abraham and Isaac, right? And of course, Jacob, we saw it then with uh Moses. He was we brought a covenant, the Mosaic covenant. And we saw it with Joshua. Now, he was he was maintaining the Mosaic covenant in the promised land. Uh and also, yeah, that's right. He reinstated the covenant of circumcision. That's right. Good. So, thank you, Lord. And then we saw it with brother Brandham in Revelation 10. Brother Brham said, "Thus sayith the Lord." Revelation 10 was his ministry that was going to be fulfilled in his day. And of course, he's just restoring the truths of the new covenant that were lost down through the church ages that God had to restore through Martin Luther Seymour and brother Brandham. So we see brother Ram connected with the covenant. Brother Brham said, "I'm not bringing a different gospel. I'm restoring the original gospel." &gt;&gt; Brother Bham said, "I'm not preaching a different baptism of the Holy Ghost. I'm preaching the same Holy Ghost from the day of Pentecost." &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Ram said, "Thus sayith the Lord, the fullness of Pentecost will be back in the bride." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, it's not nothing different. It's the same Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, new for tonight. Uh I went searching again with Angel Lord. Now, I find numerous ones. We're not going to read all these, but let's go uh to at least one here. It seems like the angel of the Lord went to Hagar. So, Genesis 16:10, uh you might be familiar with this one. Uh the angel actually spoke to Hagar at least twice. Seems like twice from the scripture. Uh first when she was pregnant with Ishmael and then uh after she had Ishmael and she was uh rejected by the free woman, right? Kicked out by the free woman. Okay, but notice here's why I think this is the angel of the Lord. Uh but we can still get lessons from this, right? He says uh and the angel Lord said unto her, I will multiply thy seed exceedingly. So, we know angels, you know, aren't creators, right? Uh that it shall not be numbered for multitude. So, again, this looks like the Lord saying, "I'm going to multiply your seed." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, it could be just a regular angel, but again, it looks like to me it would be the angel Lord. Um and uh you know, she would be connected to the covenant because she was a concubine of Abraham, right? So, and Abraham had the covenant, right? So, there is some connection there. But we take courage from this. I preached this many times. But if God cared so much about the natural seed of Abraham, then church, he surely cares about the spiritual seed of Abraham. &gt;&gt; In other words, God, remember later the second time she called that place the God who sees. &gt;&gt; Uh beer laoya. I can never say that. That's quite a tongue twister. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother. Whatever he said. But that that's that's the revelation that struck her heart in this moment. My child's going to die. I'm gonna die of thirst. Yet God sees me. &gt;&gt; So church, that's where angels often come in. Now, none of us, and my wife and I have talked about this, none of us want to have spots where we need like where someone might get close to death and we need a miracle. Like, right? No one none of us want to get cancer and then have a miracle, right? Uh but oftentimes that's when the angels show up is in moments of great distress, &gt;&gt; right? Deep trials, very difficult situations. Here they're near death. And who shows up? God shows up. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But if you would have asked Hagar, would you like to be almost dead for the angel of God probably said, "Well, no, thank you. &gt;&gt; You I don't want to have to see my child suffer." Which parents want to see their children suffer? Starving and crying, you know, or you know, not having water and almost dying. No one wants to see that. But God in his mercy allows what he allows. &gt;&gt; And we got to trust God, right? He's perfect in all of his ways. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." So, we see the this one seems like it is the Lord. Now, in Haggar's second appearance, it's kind of uncertain. Genesis 21, uh, one verse says, "For God hath heard thy voice." So, that would be God speaking in was that second person or third person? Uh, I'm not sure. For God heard thy voice. But then, but then the voice says, I will make of him a great nation. So, again, you have the I will. So, it looks like God partially. So, it could have been God in both of them. I'm not certain. I'm just bringing these out because I want everybody to see that there is the angel Lord where it's God himself. Think about that. That's what that's what brother Brennan shared with me on t or Monday night. Uh he shared the verse out of Psalm chapter 8 where it says, "What is man that thou art mindful of him?" &gt;&gt; I mean, what are we that God himself? Now, think about this. Wouldn't send just an angel. He would come himself. I mean what the God of the heaven, the God of the universe would come down to little old Hagar. &gt;&gt; Church, if he do that for her, he'd do it for us. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because the Bible said in one numerous cases it the voice of the Lord came out of heaven, &gt;&gt; right? And we know heaven's not far away. It's just in a dimension that's much faster than this dimension. &gt;&gt; It's not far away. The Bible said he's not far away. Right? That's what it says in Acts chapter 17. though he be not far from each one of us. Praise God. Think about that. The heavenly councils and uh oh my, the cloud of witnesses, Hebrews 11, is not far from us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God is not far from us. Amen. It ought to encourage us. Praise God. That God can call out of heaven as an angel and we could hear his voice and he could say, "Rod, Rod." Or, "Samuel, Samuel." Right? Or Chris, Chris, Christopher, Christopher. Or Jesse, Jesse. You know, put your name in there. Each one of us. He could call out of heaven trying to bring some communication, trying to bring some encouragement, trying to bring some strength to his people. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, with the issue of Balum, this could be u the angel of the Lord as far as it could be God, but it's hard to tell because in numbers 22, we're not going to read all of it. Uh 20 verses 22 through35, uh the angel says, "Thy way is perverse before me." Okay. So again, I mean this could be a regular angel like a ministering spirit or it could be the Lord. Uh now in the other cases it was very easy to see like with Joshua. It's very easy to see. He bows down and he worships. And the Bible said the angel didn't stop him from worshiping. Well, that have to be God because angels won't take worship. You see it in the book of Revelation. You see other places in the Bible. An angel will not accept worship. &gt;&gt; Right? So uh in this case it's a little difficult to see. Uh but again I just want you to see how the angel of the Lord came to Balum to try to bring some sense into him. &gt;&gt; Right? I mean church what's amazing too. This is even amazing when the angel of the Lord came the angel of the Lord uh still tried to show him his way was wrong. But when Balam asked what did the angel say? The angel said go ahead and go. So again, the angel must have known from God that he still wanted to go and make the money and try to try to uh cause Israel to stumble. &gt;&gt; So again, it's it's again God's God's mercy. God told him the right way. He turn he wanted but then he wouldn't know a second word. So God gave him over to permissive will. God sends a warning through an angel. Not only an angel, a donkey, right? A donkey speaking trying to show him this is really unusual. And church, we got to look at in our lives. If God does unusual things and and we're not sure on the direction we're going, let's not go that direction. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. There was pain involved. There was animal involved. I mean, all these signs that this was the wrong way to go. &gt;&gt; Right. So, look at supernatural things in your life when they would happen and look at your walk to make sure it's the right walk that you're walking in. &gt;&gt; Okay? Because God here, God sends an angel. Look at this. God sends an angel. And if he would have obeyed, he would not have been slaughtered later on by Moses's army. &gt;&gt; He would have lived longer. &gt;&gt; So, he just missed the warning from the angel of the Lord. All right. Now, Gideon, it looks like Gideon maybe met God in Judges 6:es 11-23 because the Bible said, "The Lord said, "Have not I sent thee?" &gt;&gt; Now, Gideon is not connected to any covenant. That's why I'm not sure. So, I don't know if there's always, you know, the angel Lord, God always has to be connected with someone in the covenant or if it could just be outside of the covenant or just part of the covenant, right? But not actually like bringing forth a new covenant uh or something along those lines. Uh and so, yes, and then the Bible says in Judges 6 uh 11 that it says an a an angel, not the angel, an angel of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then uh yeah, and then we see that in verse 11 and verse 22. An angel of the Lord, not the angel, the Lord, right? Because there's a great difference between an angel and the angel. &gt;&gt; God as an angel. Okay. Now, Samson's parents, it was likely an angel uh and not God. If you go to Judges 13:16, hun, we can pull that up there. There. And this is why because the angel says, "You must offer this sacrifice unto the Lord." or not, he doesn't say to me. Okay? And the angel lord said unto Monoah, "Though thou detain me, I will not eat of thy bread. And if thou wil offer a burnt offering, thou must offer it unto the Lord." For Monoah knew not that he was an an angel of the Lord. Okay? And so again, there's no covenant coming in here. Uh but Samson was going to be uh to begin getting victory over the Philistines, which David would finish. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Um, now the reason I don't think it's actually God because of verse 22. So pull up verse 22. My hardworking daughter because Mo Man Monoah says something that's a little wrong here, right? Uh, just like Eve said something wrong, too. Eve said, "I've gotten a man from the Lord." Well, depends how you take that. He was seed of the serpent, right? But his life had to come from God. But what did Eve think? Eve probably thought Eve probably didn't Eve didn't know he was going to murder the the brother, right? So, she was just saying the best that she knew at that time. I got a man from the Lord. Well, his life was, but his seed was not. I'm talking about his natural seed. And I guess you'd say even a spiritual seed. And Manoah said unto his wife, we shall surely die because we've seen God. Now, did they die, church? No, they didn't die. And can any man see God's invisible spirit? No. You can see a manifestation of God, but you cannot see God, &gt;&gt; right? Okay. And then uh Elijah uh talks to the angel of the Lord in 2 Kings 1:3. So let's read that one. And then and then that's as far as I've got as far as searching on the angel of the Lord. That's 2 Kings 1:3. But the angel of the Lord said unto Elijah the Tishbite, "Arise, go up to the meet the messengers of the king of Samaria and say to them,"Is it not because there's not a God in Israel that ye go to inquire of Beaelub, the God of Ech." Think how think how sad this spiritual situation was. The king had fallen sick and instead of going to God and getting his life straightened out, he tries to go to demons to get healing. I mean, how and with your religious heritage, you still choose to go to demons. I mean, just incredibly backslant, incredibly wicked kings, right? &gt;&gt; Even with such a godly heritage, their first choice, oh, I'll try the witch doctor before God. And so God sends the prophet with thus sayith the Lord to tell them what's going to happen. Okay. Now, go down to verse 15, hunt, if you would. Now, I don't see any evidence in this text that this is God himself. So, it just might be uh his angel like brother Ram had his angel. And the angel of the Lord said unto Elijah, "Go down with him. Be not afraid." And he arose and went down with him unto the king. So again, I don't see much evidence where, you know, Elijah's bowing down to worshiping or something like that or God's making a promise. I'll do this. He's talking first person. So again, just a good review there. Okay. Now, how many appreciate that? By God's grace. Now, that's the angel of the Lord. Now, let's review though uh what we just finished with on Sunday because I think I went kind of fast, but let's just pull these up. Uh Psalm 34:7. That was my text for Sunday. The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that fear him and deliver them. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, anytime you've been delivered, now it could be spirit, it could be spiritual or physically, it was likely an angel, Lord, if not God himself. &gt;&gt; Okay? Anytime you've been delivered. So, I'm looking forward to hear how brother Rod's been delivered on Sunday night. Amen. I've heard some good ones, but I want to hear all of them. Hallelujah. Amen. But anytime, if there's no physical explanation for it, it had to been the angel of the Lord. And angel of the Lord. Uh Psalm 91 11-2, for he shall give his angels charge over thee to keep thee in all thy ways. I love that. What a promise. Amen. In all thy ways. The angel of God is going to be there to protect me unless God's testing me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. They shall bear thee up in their hands, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, we've all seen people go through accidents, right? Car says, "And you would think they would die or get injured, but yet they walk out with barely a scrape or anything." &gt;&gt; There's that scripture being fulfilled. Praise God. &gt;&gt; The angels will bear you up and protect you, right? because it's God's promise. Until it's your time to go or be tested, the angels of God are going to step in and deliver you because they've got a charge from God to take care of my children. Praise God. These are the heirs of salvation. These people are coming to heaven. So angels, protect sister. Hallelujah. Amen. Protect sister Naomi. These are my children. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. That's why God sends his angels. Now, uh before the child is born, the angel's waiting to be dispatched right at the birth. Because brother said, the angel, my angel came at my birth. Okay. Uh Matthew 18:10. Take heed that you despise not one of these little ones. For I say unto you that in heaven their angels do always, behold the face of my father which is in heaven. And in first kings the Bible said the whole host of heaven is on the right hand of God and the left hand of God. innumerable angels. Satan only got a third, but God's got twothirds of innumerable angels. Hallelujah. If that if that makes sense. Hallelujah. I'm just using Bible language. Hallelujah. Twothirds of an innumerable number. Well, how can you have two-thirds of innumerable? But you understand. Praise God. And I love this one. This is one I didn't get to, but this refers now here to marriage. So, God ordained the person you'd marry. Okay. So go to uh Genesis 24:7 of course with uh Isaac and Rebecca. Hallelujah. And this is why Eleaser could be so successful and this is why Rebecca acted the way she did because ver verse seven says he shall send his angel before thee. So I thank God God sent an angel so I'd find my wife in a sand pit long jumping in 1998. Hallelujah. God sent his angel before thee, and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from then. In other words, the angel's going to guide you and pick out that special woman or special man. You sisters. Hallelujah. So, God even has angels guiding people for their spouses because God's got to bring about a certain type of child. Amen. With our news from the Larams. Amen. God's got to bring out a certain type of child. God had to bring my wife and I together to produce a song leader. I'm sorry. Well, song leader and musician for our church and drummer, right, Victoria? And organ player, right, Lydia? God's got to put two certain people together because he's got to produce something like that. Or my parents, God to bring my parents together to produce a pastor. Praise God. Hallelujah. Or what? Whatever gifts you have in your life, God put those people together to produce a Christlike character. &gt;&gt; Amen. Glory. So we can see how all your ways are protected by the angel of the Lord. Hallelujah. And he just don't hang around once in a while. He camps around us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And as that one testimony said, he said the brother of the preacher a couple years ago saw the angel step out into a church service and he had his arms crossed. He was watching a preacher to make sure he preached the right thing. And there was a great deliverance afterwards and prayer, repentance, all these things. But the angel stands there. So I wonder if there's an angel watching me tonight. So, I want to be as sincere as I can be by God's grace. I don't want to grieve the Holy Spirit whereby I'm sealed into the day of my redemption. &gt;&gt; I want to accomplish what God wants me to accomplish for this service here tonight. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All right. Good. Good. On time. Now, let's since we got a few moments here, let because I I kind of know where I want to close, but let's go through a few quotes where brother talks about the angels of God and how people emotionally react to an angel of God. So, this is not where they come unawares. This is when brother notices they're there. Now, we know the Bible says fear. I'm sorry, I'm having trouble seeing some of you. Um, the Bible says fear, but I also want you to know know what other other types of feeling it produces. Hallelujah. Brother man says in 1953 in in Palm Beach, Florida, West Palm Beach rather, he said, "While you're standing here, many of you weeping." So he's in a altar call, "While with tears rolling down your cheeks, that's the Holy Spirit. That's him on you right now just wanting to fill your life." Now remember, there's godly sorrow and worldly sorrow &gt;&gt; because I've seen people cry alligator tears, but it's worldly sorrow. They're sorry they got caught. They got no plans to change. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm not talking about those type of tears. I'm talking about real tears like I'm going to be different. &gt;&gt; My life is going to look different after this. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's the Holy Spirit. That's him on you right now. So the Holy Spirit anoints somebody's human spirit or maybe their soul and they start weeping. He just wants to fill your life. If the audience back there can only see these who's standing here, these young ladies, young men, elderly people, tears just rolling down their cheeks. The Holy Spirit is hovered here. Here's an angel of God standing right here. It isn't five feet above their head right now. The very angel you see on the picture standing right here above them right now, just ready to pour himself into every believer. Praise God. &gt;&gt; He said, "I see him. He's five feet." So what's five feet? One, two, three, four, five. So the angel would be here, brother Ram would be here. He's five feet away, right here. And he's making everybody cry &gt;&gt; because of his holy presence. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "So see the church, that's why, you know, we don't major on emotion." But if we don't see emotion for a while, something's wrong because the angels of God are here to change our hearts, to deliver us. Amen. And that's why, you know, I look back now and I look at where God sent my wife and I, he sent us to brother Brooks's church. Of all the churches in that area, that was the one that welcomed emotion the most. Now, emotion doesn't always prove it's God. But when God comes, there's emotion. Hallelujah. That's what Brother Ham says, right? &gt;&gt; He said, "Don't look for emotion, but emotion's going to come with it." Hallelujah. He said, 'N now just believe it. Ask him and just accept it. Say, 'Lord, I believe you. And then you'll know when it comes, you'll feel the spirit of God pouring into your heart. And what what are they doing? They're crying. Oh, something's on me. Some Something's poured on me. That's why I'm crying. Something's happening to me. I'm feeling something. He says, then when you do when you feel that and you're crying, then he says, raise your hands and thank him for it. Amen. So, if you're crying and something's happening on the inside, you feel like you're breaking up or being filled up, just raise your hand and say, "Thank you, God. Thank you, God. You're wonderful." Like the day of Pentecost. Oh, God, you do wonderful works. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's the angel of the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Say, "Thank you, Jesus. I'm so grateful that you give me the baptism of the Holy Ghost." And you'll feel the power of God surge through your body. You'll be a different person from that time on. Amen. How could you get in the presence of an angel and not be changed? The only way that'd be is a balum experience. &gt;&gt; Because he got in the presence of angel without being changed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; In other words, he basically fought through the angel. Say, I'll just do what I want to do. I want to get paid. How sad is that? Goodness gracious. In 1955, Brother Ram says, "Have faith in God. Little lady sitting out there a weeping kind of heavy set looking towards me." Now that's the angel Lord standing over her. So she's in sitting down and an angel standing right over her. Can't you see that audience? Here's a prophet saying, "Can't you see that? Uh if I'm not a prophet, I don't know if I can see that." But for brother, it was just so so common and so supernatural. Can't you see that? Goodness. I wish I could. Amen. Look, standing right here. Can't you see that light hanging over her? Right over here. Now, the woman came. I can't heal her, but she has gallbladder trouble that she wants to be healed of. That's right, isn't it? And if you believe you can be healed. That's right. God bless you, sir. So, an angel comes and stands right over top of you and you're weeping and crying, saying, "God, I need my gallbladder healed." Or, "God, I need to heal from this. I need heal from that." An angel will come and stand right there to bring you deliverance. And you just got to say, "Thank you, Lord, for it." &gt;&gt; See, don't doubt it. Say, "This emotion's coming because God's doing something for me. God's here. God wants to deliver me. Praise God. &gt;&gt; That's what they're sent for. For those that would be heirs of salvation, to minister to your need at that time. &gt;&gt; So, hold Well, yeah. Take your Bibles. Hebrews 1, I think. He Hebrews 1:7, if I'm not mistaken, let's just review that. Twice in this chapter. It calls them ministering spirits. Hebrews 1:7. and of his angels he saith who maketh his angels spirits and his ministers a flame of fire. That's why brother Ram said, "See that pillar of fire? It was above the heavy set woman and it turned into an angel." Hallelujah. Standing there. Hallelujah. And that's what Billy Paul said. Billy Billy Paul said he saw the man sitting there 200 lb, black hair down. Uh and then he said he vanished out of like he dissolved and then there was the rainbow there for half an hour afterwards. So you see they can change form of course. Okay. Now verse uh 14, he says, "Are they not all ministering?" Why would God send you the angel to minister to your need? &gt;&gt; Church, God, don't leave us alone. God God's not trying to give man's help. God's trying to give supernatural help. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why they're sent, the angel of God is sent to give help to his people. Hallelujah. He says, "They're sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation." So, thank you, Lord, for protecting me from the car accident. That's just another proof that I'm going to be saved. Hallelujah. Amen. And you put your testimony in there. Thank God. That's just another proof I'm a child of God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Then if you don't deliver me, well, then the Lord gives and the Lord takes away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise God. Next in 55 again. Do you believe, sister? Do you believe that God would heal you? Sitting there weeping. You had ulcers, but the Lord Jesus made you well right then. Isn't that it? Stand up on your feet. This lady sitting right over here with her white coat on. An angel of God was around where she was at, and you're healed now. Your ulcers won't bother you no more. It doesn't remind you of of the waters that was troubled by the angel in John chapter 5. Doesn't it remind you of that? The angel's there troubling you. But I'll say like this. It's troubling your spirit. Amen. It might not trouble the waters, but it's changing your awareness and you're getting emotional. And brother said, "That's your sign. Believe it. Thank God for it. The angel's healed to heal you, heal you, and deliver you. Praise God. &gt;&gt; From ulcers." &gt;&gt; So gallbladder trouble, ulcers, the angel of God comes down to give you a touch and a deliverance. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon talks about the next person. This was an elderly women woman all crippled up. He says, "And she was down there at front at the altar. She was the last of the cot cases." Brothers and sisters, you can see pictures. Brother had all the people in CS right up in the front row. Now, not everybody got healed, just like with Jesus. Jesus didn't heal everybody all the time. Now, sometimes he did, but not all the time. But this woman was in a cot. He says, "Uh, last night when the service started, she'd been sitting there for a few nights watching me. She was weeping and crying. And I turned to her and I said, I seen where her trouble was and what it started. The thing but the thing of her accepting enough faith. So the woman wouldn't accept the faith. Brother said, "She's crying, but she wouldn't accept it." The angel Lord settled down on her, but then she would think, "Oh, I'm too bad." So God's trying to heal her of arthritis, but she won't accept it. Oh, this couldn't happen to me. I'm just a bad person. And Ram said it went on for multiple nights. Talk about mercy. Hallelujah. Talk about God's grace. God God so determined to deliver his children. Praise God. &gt;&gt; He won't give up if you don't accept it the first night of the service or the first week or whatever. He'll keep dealing with you because God is love. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; She said, "I'm too bad." And he said it would move up again. So the angel, I'll just use you. The angel would go down and she wouldn't accept it. And the angel would come down again the next night and she wouldn't accept it. Just coming back and forth. My parents said, "I told you to accept it." He says, "And the angel would settle down and then she would think, oh, I'm too bad. Move out again." I couldn't call her because it just wasn't time to call her. I spoke to her two or three times. Then after a while, the meeting had a journ. Now listen, everybody leaves the meeting and she's still there on the cot and had been standing here for a few minutes. So she got arthritis standing there at the altar. She said she felt something real warm or tingling through her body. She gets up out of her wheelchair and goes on home, pushing her wheelchair home last night. Thanks be to the Lord Jesus who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. We're grateful for that, aren't we? and we thank him. So, I like that she she's just stayed there praying and then finally she's able to accept it. So, I wonder if there was evil spirits in the congregation that wouldn't let her accept it or if it was just her mind battle, right? Because because of unbelief, many people can't get healed. &gt;&gt; But after everybody's adjourned, she stays there, keeps waiting on God, God heals her, and then she pushes her own wheelchair out of the service. Amen. Thank God for the power of God, church. Let's believe in the supernatural workings of God. Amen. Now here brother man says in 1956 he says uh he says look on us like Peter and John said you know that's just giving me your attention just a moment cuz you're standing there weeping and I don't want you to weep but you can't help it just now because you feel a real meek humble feeling for the angel of God he says is not here by me it's over by you say brother I'm trying not to her to cry so much and just realize that it's the presence of the angel trying to heal her and that's the reason you're feeling that way. So, she's weeping and crying, feeling real humble, like humble like I'm nothing. I'm nobody. Oh, who am I? Look how great God is. How many know we need to feel that some more by God's grace? &gt;&gt; Not how great, how strong, how talented, how handsome or pretty I am, but just humble. I'm nothing. I'm trusting in God. Only God could do this. And the angel leaves brother Brandham and goes stands by the woman so God can heal her. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But it's a real meek, humble feeling and made her cry. &gt;&gt; Church, that's what we got to learn, especially if we're young believers. We got to learn how to yield our emotions to the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; And church, you know this. The reason many times we can't give God emotions, we're giving emotions to other things, &gt;&gt; right? The reason you're not hungry when you're when you get home and your wife's got a good meal is because you ate before you got home. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; But if you hunger and thirst for righteousness, you shall be filled. I saw a good meme. Maybe I'll send it to the church, but I saw a good meme. It says, "The reason you don't crave more of God is because you're too busy enjoying yourself and enjoying and loving yourself, enjoying everything about yourself. You crave things for yourself." But the Bible said we should crave the things of God. Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for after righteousness. They shall be filled. &gt;&gt; Now, I didn't read that exact. I didn't quote that exactly right, but maybe I'll send that to the church. You might like that. 1956 again, he says, "I want everyone with their heads bowed." Now, I'm not saying that myself. That's what brother said. Won't you just come up here and stand here at the altar? Let's while we pray, while the love of God is right around here moving around this building. What an atmosphere. This is an atmosphere that I wish I could live in forever. The sweet humble feeling. How many could say amen to that? &gt;&gt; So, some services you never want to leave. It's just like, why is this got to end? Oh, I just feel like I'm in heaven. I feel like there's no trials here. It's the angels of God that are with us. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. It's a heavenly atmosphere. We're seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, I wish I could live here forever. The sweet humble feeling. What is it? Angels are walking up and down the aisles all around these posts around this tent on the outside. Angels are moving their great wings spread. That's what makes you feel that way. You don't like this. I'm sorry. You don't feel like this all the time. You don't see nothing. And you're different from when you walked in here a while ago, but I feel it. I'm conscious of it. &gt;&gt; So man could see angels walking up and down the aisles. He saw their wings spread. Hallelujah. And people are visibly meek, humble spirit, not like, "Oh, what am I going to do after church? Oh, how can I pull that deal off tomorrow? &gt;&gt; Oh, we're not going to watch that tomorrow. Am I going to get on a chance to watch that tomorrow?" It's no, it's like heaven is here. Praise God. Amen. God Spear's here and I'm fully interested in what God is doing here tonight. Praise God. &gt;&gt; It's a humble feeling. Now, uh, next one. 57. I don't mean to be a baby, brother said, to weep. So, brother would cry numerous times on the tapes. But just something about the Holy Spirit that makes you not weep for sorrows, but for joy. Just something springs forth. Think how the angels must be rejoicing now. How many feels real, real good in your soul? Would you just raise your hands to God? Oh my. I wonder if we could just sing once more as we did last night. I will praise him. I will praise him. So, the Holy Spirit made them weep for joy. And brother said, "I know the angels are rejoicing when people get saved." The Bible said the angels re there's rejoicing in the presence of angels when one sinner repents. Hallelujah. What says in 1963, he says, he says, "And the things that you don't know nothing about now, you see it plainly when you cross over there." Talking about into heaven. You don't understand it now because you're bumping into us. And brother says, "We bump into heaven." In other words, angels come and visit us. We bump into certain feelings. We bump into meekness. We bump into emotions sometimes. And oh my, it's just so holy. Uh it's just so I'm overwhelmed. Brother said, "We just bump into Aren't you glad God bumps into you sometimes?" Praise God. Amen. He said, "You just bump into it. You haven't got that sense. You say, "I feel a strange feeling here tonight. Looks to me like I just want to cry or shout or something." It's the angels of the Lord. &gt;&gt; So when you feel like crying, when you feel like shouting, when you feel really humble, really meek, it's the angels of God that are here to bring deliverance. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And we could go for some. You know, this year I haven't been writing down as many testimonies I've had in years past. I'm not sounding the red alarms, but I'm just saying we're due for a a supernatural miracle. Praise God. &gt;&gt; We're due for a visit of the angels, but we also got to be living in a way that the angels can visit us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's right. Okay, now I'm about time. I got to get closing here. By God's grace, I'll save this one. That's a really good quote for uh uh for Sunday. Lord willing. Lord willing. We'll see. Okay. Okay. Put up uh First Kings 19:1. I'm going to close with Elijah. I just love this story. Many preachers have used it, of course. Many, many, many, many preachers. Not sure how often I've used it. So, maybe it'll feel fresh to you tonight. I trust the angels will make it feel fresh. Hallelujah. And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done on Mount Carmel. And with all how he had slain all the prophets with the sword, all those antichrist prophets, he killed him. Then Jezebel sent a messenger to Elijah, saying, "So let the gods do to me and even more also if I make not thy life as a life of one of them by tomorrow about this time." He just slayed. Some people say 450, some say over 600 because there's two different numbers like 400 and 450. Some say 850, but uh at the least 400, at the medium 450. They slew 450 false prophets. And Elijah saw fire down from heaven. And he saw all this in advance like a prophecy. He saw future declared before him and then saw it come to pass. &gt;&gt; And from the threat of one woman, he wants to die. Now, don't raise your hands, but can anybody relate to that? Going from being on a mountaintop so confident, so victorious to being afraid, and wanting to die in this life to end. I wish it was over, Brother Jess. Well, didn't you have a great testimony last week? Now, you can say the same thing about me. Same thing. Going from mountaintop straight down to the valley. No wonder some people don't like roller coasters. Elijah Elijah was on a roller coaster as high as you could go. Thus sayith the Lord, this come to pass fire from heaven, burn up a watery sacrifice straight down to the valley. How How can I exit here? Where where's the exit uh room here? I need to leave this life. And when he saw that, he arose and went for his life. I'm running for my life. Wait, wait. God just set fire, killed 450 men, and you're afraid of one woman. Of course, she's got she's got soldiers, right? But he just saw God stand up and say, "I'm the God of Elijah. I vindicate my prophets with fire." But the one threat, one threat for his life caused him to want to die. He went to Beersa, which belonged to Judah, and left his servant there. But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness and came and sat down under a juniper tree and he requested for himself that he might die. So before he's got thus sayith the Lord today is like Lord can I please die. Would you please take me home? Now the whole army's hunting me down. She swore she's going to do this. God, please take me home. I'm hiding out. Think about that. I'm hiding out in the wilderness trying to get off the grid. People try to do that today. and said, "It is enough. I've had enough of this life. I I've I've seen enough. I just want to go home. Oh, now Lord, take away my life for I'm not better than my fathers." Now, he gets real humble. Um, right? He got real humble after a threat about his life. He finds this. I I just want it to be over. How can this be over? Lord, you take my life. Verse five. And as he lay and slept under a juniper tree, behold, then an angel touched him and said unto him, "Arise and eat." Church, this is about as low as Elijah ever got. All the miracles, you know, for three and a half years, you know, he had he was fed by ravens and then he was there with the woman with the the cruise of oil and the flower just kept multiplying miracle after miracle after miracle seeing Mount Carmel. But here's as low as he possibly can get. In his moment of distress, what does God send? God sends a ministering spirit to strengthen his servant in his darkest hour. Amen. Because Elijah would be an heir of salvation. Hallelujah. Praise God. Elijah would be uh uh he would be the man that God would say, and brother says it, I love his obedient spirit so much, I'm going to use it four more times. &gt;&gt; Imagine that. You live such a life before God. God said, "I'm gonna have four more people live just like you because of your obedience to my word." &gt;&gt; And that obedient man said, "Lord, I'd like to I'd like this to be over. This is enough of the life that we're this is enough of Leodysia. Can I say it like that? I've had enough of Leodysia. &gt;&gt; I'd have enough of the government. I've had enough of all these things. Lord, this is enough." And instead of that, God sends him an angel to touch him. Hallelujah. And he looked, and behold, there was a cake, not a birthday cake, children. Bacon on the coals. God will only give him a healthy cake. Hallelujah. And a cruise of water at his head. So he wakes up. There's a cake of bread. Bread and water. Hallelujah. And he did eat and drink and laid him down again. Now church, God's not done yet. That's this is this is why it's so awesome. God touches him, gives him food, and said, "You know, you've slept once. I'm gonna give you a second nap. Isn't that God's grace? Talk about grace. Grace. Amen. Hallelujah. With the headstone, it comes out with grace. Grace unto it. God doesn't give him one nap in a meal. God said, "You need a double nap and a double meal." Hallelujah. Brother Ram said he Brother Ram said he looked at all the angels said, "Who's got the softest hands?" Can I feel your hands, brother? Who's got the softest hands? Oh, there's a few calluses there. Okay, those are pretty soft, brother. How about you? You got the softest hands. God said, "I'm sending you. My servant is now." God's not serious like me, but God's like, "My servant wants to die. You with the softest hands. You go touch my servant. He's got more work to do. His ministry is not over. He's He's got a furtherment of his ministry." That's what God told Brother. "Your ministry is not over. You're not going to die. You've got a further work. Go touch my servant. Lay your hand on him and he'll receive strength." He says, "Yes, Lord." He goes down there. He touches Elijah. Elijah wakes up. Oh, I'm tired again. I need another nap. Sound like a good day off, don't it, brothers and sisters? But this is a supernatural day. And verse seven, this is what I love about God. And the angel Lord came again the second time and touched him and said, "Arise and eat, because the journey is too great for thee." And he arose and did eat and drink and went the strength of that meat 40 days and 40 nights unto Horeb, the mount of God. Hallelujah. So we see he gets touched twice. Hallelujah. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "God just had God had more than one blessing, brother Rod." Amen. God's got more than one experience for you. God's got more than you need. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And God proves here whatever you have need of in the time of your distress, if it's God's plan, he'll touch you. He'll strengthen you to get through that. And he'll give you whatever else you need to last you for the remainder part of the next season of your life. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It doesn't have to be the end. It doesn't have to be fear about the future. In this case, look what he does. He goes and gets alone with God. Hallelujah. You got just like uh just like numerous people in the Bible, go get alone with God. Spend time alone with God and then God will touch you and he'll give you a spiritual touch that you need to get you through the next season of your life. And God gives him a double blessing because he's an obedient spirit. &gt;&gt; So church, the question is your guardian angel is here tonight. If you need a touch from God, how many need a touch from God? Hallelujah. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. Let's see the great physician now is near the sympathizing Jesus. Brother Ram said God always sends his warnings just before the coming of Jesus. He sent an angel down out of heaven by the name of Gabriel. Now minor angels comes. Yes, you see angels. Everyone has a guardian angel according to the scripture. Jesus said there are angels always beholds my father's face which is in heaven. Huh? Everybody. Let's say everybody. Ready? Everybody. Everybody here has an angel. that is set to help you to deliver you. Hallelujah. To deliver you when you need a deliverance. In this case, he needed a spiritual deliverance, right? And physical. He didn't want to die. But his spirit was so defeated. He thought, "This is enough. I'm no better than my father's. I want to die. Lord, can you take me home?" Yet God in his fatherly hallelujah. His heavenly father love says it's says, "It's not the end, Elijah. you got more work to do for the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; And church, if you feel like your strength is weak, don't be discouraged. Cry out to God and say, "God, I need spiritual strength for my journey." And church, you remember you run uh you run this through the text. God gave him great supernatural strength even in physical running, right? He ran he outran chariots, church. He runs out of a wilderness and then outruns chariots. A man outrunning horses. Hallelujah. Praise God. It's the strength of almighty God. So if God has all that, can he get you through the next couple weeks or the next month? Can he get you through the next year? &gt;&gt; How about the next 10 years? Could God get you through another decade? &gt;&gt; If the Lord carries, &gt;&gt; God can do it. And church, his angels are here to do it. Praise God. His angels are here to do it. We can't do it of ourselves, but God's angels are here to deliver his people. Let's pray. Father God, thank you, Lord, for these scriptures promising your faithfulness, Lord God. Lord, it was such an encouragement when I heard that preached and I went and read it myself. You just didn't give him a little bit. Yes, you did. But then you let him get a rest. You woke Elijah up again, says, "Now, I'm going to give you a double portion. But this portion is going to give you such strength. It will keep you for quite a long time in your next season of ministry." Hallelujah. Lord, we can't do it on our own. Lord God, Elijah couldn't do it on his own. Oh God, he had to have the supernatural strength of your angel because an angel brings the presence of the Lord. According to Isaiah, the angel of his presence, Father, your people didn't come here in vain tonight, Lord. I don't know who needs deliverance. I don't know who needs courage or strength, but Lord, your angel is here. And Lord, I pray the angels would walk around us. Lord God, let us know. maybe stand over us, Lord God. Stand right over us. And Lord, at that moment, we wouldn't say, "Oh, I'm too bad of a person or I messed up or I'm Lord, may we confess our sins and just say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus. Let your spirit fill me. Let your spirit anoint me. Let your I receive the strength. Thank you for your strength." Amen. Thank you for your power. Thank you for your your new vision. Thank you for a renewed mind. Hallelujah. May we have that type of understanding here tonight, Lord. Some may be more emotional than others. I call myself a crybaby. But Lord, we see from the scripture clearly when the angels are recognized, humans have emotions. Lord, we are emotional to the presence of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. The Bible said they spoke in tongues and magnified the Lord. Hallelujah. They had great boldness. The Bible says when the Holy Ghost fell in the book of Acts, Lord God. So we know do the same today. that elderly wal arthritis, she had boldness to push her wheelchair out of the congregation. Hallelujah. And say, "I'm healed. I'm healed." The angel of God was standing by me. He came to me night after night until I was ready to receive it. Thank God for the mercy of God that we feel in our lives, Lord Jesus. Lord, we know you're here. The great physician now is near, the sympathizing Jesus. Father, forgive our sins, Lord God. Lord, that we won't have to say, "Well, I'm too bad or I don't deserve a touch or I don't deserve a deliverance." Who does? No one does. Lord God, Elijah didn't deserve it. He wanted to die. He wanted to be over. He's running from a woman. We'd say, running from a government, but yet, Lord, you were merciful to him. You have pity upon your children, Lord God. So, Father, may we recognize your presence here tonight. We thank you for your mercy and love, Lord. Now I pray you'd meet your people's needs. These Lord I look I would lift my hands to these. These are the heirs of salvation. These are the saved and accurate Lord that we would believe Lord God. No doubt there's more but these are the heirs of salvation that's when within the voice or the sound of the voice here tonight in this service Lord God. And that believe in a deeper life of the Holy Ghost. Not just justification, not just sanctification, not just gifts of the Holy Spirit, but the person of Jesus Christ in the full baptism of the Holy Ghost like they had on the day of Pentecost. Lord God, hallelujah. Here are the heirs of your salvation. Lord, I pray you'd meet their needs in Jesus Christ's
