################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-02 - (10-1-25) The Laodicean Church Age  - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-02
Title:   (10-1-25) The Laodicean Church Age  - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6F5pijDzuP4
========================================

I asked them before they started. I said, "Did anybody hear a good sermon on Leodysia lately?" And nobody raised their hand. So I thought, "Well, that's good." And then uh I said, "How many have read the church age book?" And only one person raised their hand. I thought, "Oh my, I hope our church has read the church age book." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you haven't, please do. It'd be a a tremendous strength to you, tremendous help uh by God's grace. But Revelation 3 14, we'll just read that one verse. Then just have your Bibles handy. We'll start with a number of uh simple verses here just to kind of lay a a groundwork. So, Revelation 3:14. If you're there, say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's read this together. Ready? 1 2 3. And unto the angel of the church of the Leodysans, write these things, saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. May God add his blessing to the ring of his word. You can be seated here tonight uh by God's grace. Now, I'll just do a basic overview here. Kind of what I preached there. And um if you have your Bibles, you can go to Ephesians chapter 2:7. Uh just let just lay this fact again. You know, if you if you listen to people Well, Sister Lena and Brother Austin here tonight. God bless you. We were just praying for you, sister. Hallelujah. So, God bless you. Kind of surprised. Amen. Glad you're here. Amen. Ephesians 2:7. Uh, if you ever get any push back on church ages, it's because people don't read the Bible or they got a bad Bible translation. Uh, just because, let's just review this real quick. Ephesians 2:7, that in the ages to come, he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. So, this verse speaks of future ages. Actually, this would probably be in the future home, New Jerusalem, where God will take one age. and he'll show us all of his kindness for we'd say the Ephesian church age. Or maybe we'll start maybe he'll start with the Old Testament saints and he'll take a whole and he'll show all look at all this kindness to Enoch and Noah and Seth. Look at all and we'll just rejoice and be like, "Praise God, brother Chris. Look what God did for these people who didn't even own a Bible." All right? They they didn't even have a Bible, right? But then we'll get to our age and church. That'll be the time where we'll see the angels were encamped around us. It was the most deceptive time there ever was. And yet the Holy Ghost was here to keep us from falling. Praise God. Amen. As we see with all the uh persecution on Christians, we'll say, "Thank God. Look at the angel of the Lord protecting all of us." How many glad he protects us? Hallelujah. So thankful for it. So this is speaking of future ages. Now the next chapter, chapter 3:5, which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the spirit. Okay? So, uh, this is speaking of past ages. Now, this this chapter three is speaking of the mystery of the Jew and Gentile church as one body. That's okay, buddy. Can you keep that on there? Thank you, sir. No problem. was probably just a habit. Is this a Christmas service? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, you know, we had the thunder. We have thunder sometimes and all kinds of things. That that wouldn't be no problem at all just to preach. As long as I got a battery here, I can see my notes. So, in other ages was not was not made known unto the sons of men as is now revealed unto his holy pro apostles and prophets by the spirit. So, this is speaking of past ages. So, we have future ages, past ages. say in that same chapter 3 chapter or chapter 3 verse 21 unto him be glory in the church by Jesus Christ throughout all ages world without end. So remember, even after the tribulation and the the millennium and the future home, this world will never be destroyed. It'll just be renovated and then given some type of eternal quality, right? Because the Bible says the world will have no end. Now, that's hard for us to understand, right? Uh but perhaps maybe like brother said, maybe we'll go create another uh planet and go live on it somewhere down the line. Who knows? I mean, the the possibilities are endless, right? With eternal life, they're they're endless. literally endless. Uh, and then Colossians 1:26. So, Ephesians, Philippians, Colossians. So, just turn a few pages there. These are short books. So, Brother Chris, if anybody would say, "Oh, there's no ages in the Bible." You just haven't read the right Bible version, right? That's what you would say because the Bible says there's past ages, there's future ages. Well, that must mean there's ages now because there's no verse that says, "Well, there'll be no ages during the church ages." There's no verse that says that. Okay? It'd be foolish to say that. Okay. Colossians 1:26. Even the mystery which has been hid from ages and from generations, but is now made manifest to his saints. This is speaking of the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Christ in you, the hope of glory. Okay. Now, if you got your Bible, go to Revelation 3. Let's preach down through this. Now, what I did, uh, I basically, uh, just preach every verse, and I'll I'll tell you which ones I spent the most time on here, uh, by God's grace. I think I preach about hour and a half. I have to check. I did upload the sermon. If anybody wants to listen to it, let me know. But I just made it unlisted because before I preach there or before I post something there, I like to go through and take out anything personal that I don't want the whole internet to hear because believe me, I'm going to hear from people if I say something personal just because there's a lot of It's just sad. Some haters just watch our services just to criticize me or just to email me or text me. But that just kind of goes along with it. Uh and it's very small persecution, right? Which nothing like other people are going through. But just it's just one of those things I just like to take out personal things. So I haven't had the chance to do that. Uh verse 14. And unto the angel of the church of Leodysans, write. Okay. Now this was a literal letter John wrote to a pastor in Leodysia, but it had a prophetic meaning that this angel was not just a pastor or bishop in the city of Leodysia, but this was also spoken to God's prophet, brother William Brandom. &gt;&gt; Amen. This was a a letter. This was a a scripture he would pick up and he would give the revelation of it with thus sayeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Uh it's amazing to think about that. Um and of course this angel is not a heavenly angel. Why would God tell John to write an angel that lives in the city of Leodysia? That makes no sense. So this angel has to be a man. Hallelujah. Uh because God doesn't save uh men by angel preaching. He saves it by men preaching. But then he calls them angels at times. Hallelujah. So unto the church, I'm sorry, unto the angel of the church of Leoans, right? Faithful, I'm sorry. Say these things sayith the amen. Now, now and this, as brother Simon preached to us wonderfully a couple weeks ago, Jesus gives his deity in this verse. This is the final description of his deity. And this lines up with what he said, excuse me, in Revelation chapter 1. He's called the amen. Now, the amen is the stamp. It's the approval. It's the so be it. Whatever was said before this, whatever was sung before that, amen says let it happen. In other words, I agree. So Jesus is letting them know I'm the amen. I give the final approval. If anything said before this and and I say amen, whatever God says amen to, it's going to happen. &gt;&gt; That's deity. Amen. Deity is the only one that can say amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise God. In other words, men and women, they can boast about tomorrow. They can boast about this or that. But no man knows the day or the hour of the coming of the Lord. Do you see that preacher in South Africa who missed the rapture again? I told these people, I said, "Don't think anything of it." Now, do I get nervous when that happens? Of course, because I don't want to miss the rapture. But when I stop and think about like, I've seen so many people miss this, right? It's just complete nonsense. And what do they do? They just move the goalpost and they're going to miss that one. They're going to move the goalpost and it just becomes a bunch of uh guessing. It it's a it's a fear uh factor or it's a it's an expression of pride. This person is trying to be prideful. Brother Chris, did you have a question? &gt;&gt; October. &gt;&gt; Yep. Right. Right. But he didn't say that before. Before. Right. Right. You know what I'm talking about. So, I'm talking I'm just criticizing him. I'm not criticizing you. He was just saying, "Thank you. I didn't I want you to feel bad. I'm not criticizing." U But that's that's the thing with false prophets. Now, they move the goalpost. Before Before it was the God Lord God Almighty told me September 23rd or 24th. Now, I could get the dates wrong, but I'm just trying to quote and remember what he said. So, they're liars. The Bible said they're not prophets. They're speaking of their own imagination. God never talked to him. &gt;&gt; So, he said he saw Jesus. He didn't. He saw Satan m uh disguised as Jesus because Jesus doesn't lie. &gt;&gt; Right? We've seen it. Like I told you that story. Remember I told you that story? It was 2011. I walk into my office. I'm a teacher on a Friday afternoon and my principal is sitting there at the secretary's desk. He's a homosexual. And he's sitting there and he he didn't even look at me. He's just staring at the screen. He said, "Well, the rapture is supposed to be tomorrow." And I wasn't ready for this. But I just looked at him and said, "Oh, no. No. That guy's hero camping. He's a false prophet." Jesus said, "No man knows the day or the hour." I said, "You don't have to worry about that." Right? And who was right, Harold Camping or Brother Jesse? Well, Brother Jesse because he wasn't given the dates. But I knew liars like that always, they're always wrong. They're always going to be ashamed and uh disappointed, right? Disappointing people. People sold their homes. People sold their cars. Uh people left things for, you know, their loved ones. Do this during the tribulation. All these things. It's church. It's called the blind leading the blind. And church, that's why I'm so happy I can stand back and say I I'm not just guessing. I've got thus sayeth the Lord from a real prophet of God. as far as the age we're living in, the time we're living in, and even about uh date setting, and everything like that, we've got thus sayeth the word of God. Hallelujah. And how many times did Brother Ram say 1977, I have nothing on it from the Lord. It's just my thought. And and then he showed us his math in Daniel 70 weeks, 1961. He just showed us his math. But then there's quotes after that. He says, I could be 50 years off. He said a 100. He said, "I could be 500 years off &gt;&gt; because no man knows the day or the hour." &gt;&gt; Right? Just the humility uh of brother random. But these false prophets, the Bible said they'll be all exposed in their own folly, their own shame and folly will make them exposed. Okay. Now, so we see the angel to our church age was William Brandon. But Jesus says he's the amen. He's the faithful and true witness. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's faithful because everything he was told by God, he preached it. He said, "My doctrine is not my own. I got my doctrine from my father." Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He's faithful witness. He went He was He started in heaven. Glory. He came down to earth. He went down to hell and he defeated hell and he ascended on high. And he went back to heaven. He's a witness who's been to heaven, hell, and earth. And he conquered death, hell, and the grave. &gt;&gt; That's a witness we can trust. Hallelujah. And demons tremble at the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; When it's spoken with faith. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's right. Amen. So, he's the faithful and true witness. He witnessed all these things. He was there when the earth was founded. Amen. Hallelujah. He was there before Lucifer was there. Hallelujah. He'll be there after Lucifer is gone. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. He's the faithful witness. And brother Ram uses this the final thing. The beginning of the creation of God. This final detail, brother Ram says there's two parts to it. Jesus was the creation of the logos. So the light that came out of the invisible one, that was Jesus as creation, right? Because a son came out of the father. He said, "But also when when the Holy Ghost overshadowed the womb of Mary and created a new human race, hallelujah, a sinless race, amen, a super race." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And so that was the beginning of a new creation, a God man. Thank Thank the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. A God man, the only God man. Hallelujah. The Lord Jesus Christ. Now, we'll be given, of course, glorified bodies. We'll be given we got the we got a portion of that now the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But we'll always remember we sinned. But Jesus never sinned. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's why we'll all even in heaven with their theophony bodies, the theophony body never sin. Think about that. The theophony body never sinned. Yet the Bible said the 24 elders remember that they were redeemed. &gt;&gt; So they remember I was I was a sinner at some point, but now I'm a saint. Hallelujah. and now I've got a theophony body and now I'll never sin again and they fall on their faces thanking God that Jesus redeemed them from their sinful lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now the reason I preach that church is because they're believe it or not there are message preachers. I've seen them online. They say that Jesus second coming uh is greater than his first coming. Now there I don't have any quotes from brother Brandham on that. But church think what they're saying. They're saying the God in us, the Holy Ghost as a portion in us is greater than when Jesus came. Now imagine that. Now, to me, that's a foolish thing to say. They're basically saying we're greater than Jesus. That to me, that's what they're saying. Friends, we have the Holy Ghost, and yes, the pillar of fire might come among us and do mighty things and wonderful things, but church, we've all sinned. &gt;&gt; When Jesus came the first time, there was no sin. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "But see that's and that's what preachers, message preachers are trying to uh elevate the people." Well, you're uh you're this is a greater coming because God's in you and God Yes, God's in us to a measure, but God was in Christ in the fullness of God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And Jesus never sinned. And Jesus only did that which pleased the father. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; You'd be surprised how many people standing up in me churches shouting, rejoicing, and then what what does it produce? Pride. That's what it produces. &gt;&gt; A prideful attitude. And I don't doubt the second coming is going to be amazing. Look at I mean, how many people around the world people around the world will be changed in a moment, Twink and I? But we're still sinners saved by grace. &gt;&gt; And we still can't do it by on our own. There's nothing great about us. It's the great God that we serve. Hallelujah. But to make it somehow that this coming is greater than that one, friends, you got to you got to do some mental gymnastics. &gt;&gt; You got to do some sinful gymnastics. I'll say it like that. Brother Ram said the greatest message ever was he said it twice was the shepherd saying Emmanuel's here. Brother Ram said there's the greatest message ever. And then he said the greatest message that ever could be was the message on the day of the resurrection. He is risen. Hallelujah. Amen. Jesus defeated death and hell and he rose and that proved death could not hold him. And if that's the case, then death can't hold us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But he was the one who started. He's the first fruits. Amen. He's God in flesh and we're not even close to his level. &gt;&gt; We're infinitely below his level. &gt;&gt; Good. I like those amens. Thank you. If not, I was going to say, church, are we prideful here tonight or something? Do I need to preach on pride tonight? Hallelujah. Thank God. Amen. I'm not going to be deceived by these liars. Amen. Now, they might not do it on purpose. I don't know. But I'm not going to take a lie like that. Now, that's just verse 14. Now, 15. I know thy works that thou art neither hot nor cold. I would thou were cold or hot. Okay, so the works of Leodysia. Uh now remember, he's talking to both churches during the the these letters. Jesus speaks to the false vine and the true vine. Now, when he says this, he's not speaking to the true vine. He's speaking to the uh he's speaking to the false vine, right? See, he's not speaking because uh can you imagine, brother Brandham, would he be called lukewarm? No, of course not. How about these brothers and sisters that have hazarded their lives for the Holy Ghost, put their lives, been arrested, put in jail for the baptism of the Holy Ghost in this in these last 125 years or so since the church age has been going on. People that have sacrificed so much. Of course, they're not uh lukewarm. He's speaking to the false vine here. Now, look at verse 16. Now, before I say that, brother Random said Jesus had no compliment for this church age. In other words, the majority of people are lukewarm or cold in this church age. This is not the age of the open door. So if you just look previous in the look look in uh chapter 3:8, it says, "I know thy works. Behold, I've set the open door." That was the missionary age of the Leoian church age. And no man could shut it for thou hast a little strength. Now look at the nice words Jesus says to Philadelphia. You have a little strength and has kept my word and has not denied my name. Church, does he say that about Leodysia? Let's read our Bible. Does Jesus give any compliment to Leodysia? Church, that proves very few people are going to be hot and on fire. Let's make sure we're one of them. &gt;&gt; That's why I wanted Brother Rod. I know he's not a message believer, but he he loves Brother Random, but that's why I wanted him to testify to show that's how he got his work stirred up, and that's how he keeps his life on fire. keeps his life pure for five decades because he prays, fasts, prays extra on the weekend, &gt;&gt; right? Reads extra on the weekend and will get up at 3:50 to go into work at six o'clock. That's dedication, church. &gt;&gt; That's spiritual uh that's spiritual warfare. Taking his life seriously before God. Now again, we know it's not by works, but I'm telling you I what I want I want to learn from that and I want you to learn from that is that we need to go to greater lengths to get spiritual victories. &gt;&gt; Does that sound okay? &gt;&gt; Any false doctrine in there? Now, I want you to see that. Remember friends, brother Brandham even had Lee Vale preach at his church even before he baptized him. It's on tape. and and brother Neville if I'm not mistaken because brother Ram saw something in them right so what do I see in brother Rod a love for holiness everybody see that cousin Adam not a preacher but what do I see in him I see victory &gt;&gt; hallelujah amen I gave everybody our chance to we gave almost everybody a chance to do the podcast right so I think we we might want to do a couple more I don't know if Zer wants to do one or brother Chris or but we can definitely talk about that I I beg sister Beatress, I begged her. I'm just kidding. Try to make you laugh. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, look, Jesus don't give one compliment. And brother says, uh, Jesus has nothing good to say about this church age as a whole. Now, as a whole, but don't think, brother Bam wasn't on fire. No, he was hot and on fire. And now, church, one of these Sundays, I want to bring out all these quotes. Brother Bram says, "I need a revival in my life. I'm struggling. I need a revival." I want to bring these quotes out here pretty soon, Lord willing. I want you to see that he went through things just like you and I go through things. In fact, one of the sisters come up for prayer on Sunday and I'll just remind you. Um she come up and said, "Brother Jesse, I feel lukewarm." I said, "Okay, sister." She's crying. I said, "That's understandable." I said, "Now, let me ask you, are you baptized with the Holy Ghost?" And she said, "Yes, I believe I am." I said, "Well, then let me go get my Bible." So, I went and got my Bible and I showed her the verse. If the seed of God is in you, what what does it do with sin? Does it sin or not sin? The seed of God cannot sin. The soul that's baptized with the Holy Ghost can never sin. So I showed her, "Your soul can never sin. Your soul can never be lukewarm." I preached that to you maybe, I think two years ago, I think, if I'm not mistaken. And she started crying, rejoicing, and praising God. I said, "What you need to do is transform your mind. That's where you need a revival." We all get though tired. We all get lukewarm in our minds. &gt;&gt; So, I thought that was a great reminder. I thought the Holy Spirit kind of quickened that to me to answer her question on the lukewarm. I hadn't thought about that for months, maybe a year or two. Uh, but I felt that was a good inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Now, look at verse 15. He don't say nothing good. He said, I just wish you were hot or cold. Verse 16. So then, because thou are lukewarm and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. So, not even a little strength in the ley and church age. And these brothers call themselves the greatest of all time. Think about that, Sister Beatric. They call themselves the greatest preachers of all time. They just said it again last Sunday. I heard it. I recorded it again. And Jesus don't have one thing good to say about this church age. I'm like, what message are you listening to that I don't know? That's right. That's not on tape. You must be just creating that in your own mind because I never found that. Now I will spew thee out of my mouth. So Jesus says in this church age most of the churches are going to get spewed out of his mouth. Now what does that mean? Rejected from his body. And brother Ram specifically says they're no longer the mouthpiece of God. Brother Chris Exactly. Yep. Give them two class. Yep. Exactly. Yes. Exactly. There. See, they're rejected from the body just like their worship makes that that uh iniquity makes Jesus sick to his stomach. Brother Ram says as like a a parable. Great, brother. Great. But now what I showed now, what I spent most of my time, I'm not going to be able to do it here tonight, but what I spent most of my time on uh Sunday or part of my time was saying, did this ever happen before? Did God ever spew uh something out of his mouth before? And the answer is yes. The answer is yes. He does this before. Luke 18:27 if you got your Bible. Uh 27 and 28 in case you I'm probably not going to be able to turn there. Have to go kind of fast. Sorry, not Luke. Leviticus. Sorry. Forgive me. Mercy, Lord. Let me slow down, Lord. I'm always in a hurry. I'm always Leviticus 18:27 and 28. There it is. Thank you. For all these abominations have the men of the land done which were before you, and the land is defiled. Now speaking of this is speaking of adultery, abortion, drunkenness, idol worship, child sacrifice that the land spew not you out also when you defile it as it spewed out of the nations that were before you. And the turf said, now the land represents Christ, right? Because remember Israel was uh out of Egypt, wilderness, promised land. So what does that represent? Justification, sanification, baptism, Holy Ghost. When you get the Holy Ghost, you're a part of Christ. Amen. You're a part of the family. Hallelujah. But see, this this was a foreshadow. You This land will spew you out. The promised land. Amen. The promised land will spew you out if you don't keep the word of God. And that's exactly what happened in Leodysia. God spews Methodists, Baptist, Presbyterian, and even some message churches, right? He spews them out of his mouth because of their defilement of the name of Christ. They defile the holy, the precious name of Jesus Christ. But we don't defile. We love it. Hallelujah. Amen. We honor with our lives. We give Jesus the glory with our lives. We live pure lives. How many live pure lives for the glory of God? Amen. That's right. Now, the other one uh is Isaiah 28. Now, I'm gonna have to give you the the verse. I think it's 288, but I could be wrong. That one I forgot to write down when I was studying today. I know where it is, of course. Now, it's verse 8. Yeah. 288. For all the tables are full of vomit and filthiness, so that there is no place clean. Now, this was written by Isaiah, and it was rebuking pride. So, that's why these brothers that call themselves greatest of all time, I just got I don't know if they're born again or not. That that'll be up to God. But surely pride goes before a fall. Surely without a doubt. But look at verse one. Woe unto the crown of pride to the drunkers of Ephraim. Look at verse three. The crown of pride. The drunkards of Ephraim shall be trotten under feet. Okay, so pride. Look at verse seven. But they also have through wine through strong drink are out of the way. The priest and the prophet have through the strong drink. They're swallowed up wine. They are out of the way through strong drink. They heir in vision. They stumble in judgment. They don't judge things right. You would think, oh well, they would judge this right. This is easy to see. But they miss that. They get it wrong. They judge a situation the wrong way because of pride. Right? Now, also this was written in the days of uh numerous kings. I want to go through that so you can see it uh by God's grace. Remember during this time Isaiah's prophecy, there was two parts to the king. There was northern Israel, southern Israel. Everybody say amen. Okay. Now in northern Israel, all the kings rejected this. It was Jeroboam II, Zechariah, Shalom, Menahhem, Peekaniah or Peekah, Epic, and Hosa. All there was never a good northern king because they didn't have Jerusalem. They didn't have the temple of God, right? God's provided place of worship. Amen. Hallelujah. They didn't have they didn't have the place where God put his put his name there. God only put his name in the temple in Solomon's day. And God only put his name today in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, but there were some kings of the southern uh part J Judah or Judea and they accepted this word. The first was Uzziah. He was good just to the end where he got that leprosy tried to be a priest. Okay. Uh and then Jotham was an average king. He was okay. Ahaz was a very bad king. But then Hezekiah was a great king. Not the best, but one of the one of the best. So when Isaiah's letter went out, it was a rebuke. All these uh all these kings with these false prophets and lie and pride all their spiritual tables were like vomit to God. Think of that. Imagine church when we come up. Imagine I think we have the Lord's supper next month. Imagine if it was covered. Now just imagine if it was covered in such filth as that. Would you want to drink from that table? But God said that's what it's like now church. That's what it's like. You've been there. That's what it's like spiritually today in many denominational churches where they let women preach, right? Or they let homosexuals be ministers and all these things. It's as if when they come for the communion, there's vomit all over. Just think of that thought for a moment. And then we ought to be so thankful if we can come to church and we have a clean communion table. Praise God. I'm talking spiritually. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Yes. I try to wipe that off and try to prepare it. I try to wash the cup and everything. We try to do uh get the wine prepared and everything, but what we want is a spiritually clean table because there's going to be very few of them. Right now, for time sake, um the vomit group, I'll just say like that. Vomit group is like the Judas's scar group, right? Or the group in Matthew 7, uh the workers of iniquity. That's the That's the vomit group or that's the uh lukewarm group. Uh now what what's interesting though is that foolish virgins can still be saved, right? Uh but we would say they're not born again, right? They're not born again. So I don't know if they're in the body of Christ. U now but certainly they can witness and people can get saved, right? So so life does pass through them. So, I'm just letting you know I'm not I'm not certain on the foolish virgin in this uh in this portion here. I'm not sure where they would stand, right? We know they're not hot, but at the same time, we know they're we know most of their churches are spewed out like they're most of their churches are in bad shape, but yet then it would seem like on an individual level, they still are getting people saved. How do I know? Because I was saved in a denomination before I received the message. I was saved. I was living a brand new life. Hallelujah. I felt like I'd gone from death to life. I didn't even know there was all this holiness still left for me. Praise God. Hallelujah. I was pretty happy with no more Snoop Dogg and no more Metallica, Brother Austin, you know, no more cigarettes. You I thought it was pretty good by God's grace. But there was so much more. God was looking for a pure heart as well. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Not just clean lungs, but a pure heart. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There was so much more. Now, for time sake, I'm going to skip ahead here. Now, verse, let's go back to Revelation. Well, yeah. Yeah. Let me just read this because I always struggle on Wednesday, didn't I? Um, go back to Revelation. But the book of Isaiah shows Isaiah's time period was a perfect type of Leodysa. In Isaiah 2:7, the Bible said they were full of silver and gold and idols. So, rich and increased with goods, full of silver and gold. the the time of Israel. They were rich in that time. And yet the tables on most of them were full of vomit. Remember Isaiah 3, those women had 21 accessories. Man, they had high heels. They had this. They had that. They got they got everything. I mean, they got they got everything all the way down. 21 different accessories. Brother made a joke. It's he said it's kind of like they went into the 10-centent store with magnets on and they just got all the They got all like everything just stuck to them. It's a little joke. It's a little crude, but it's it's about right. Right. That's about how deep spiritually they were. Right. I just put on in anything that makes me look different. Anything that will draw attention to me. You don't want your attention on yourself. You want your attention on Christ. &gt;&gt; That's right. In Isaiah 589, the Bible said they went, they were joining house to house. In other words, they were land grabbing. They were trying to get their land and then by the next neighbor's land, the next neighbor's land, they were trying to house grab rich and increase with goods. Now, uh, rich and increases with goods. Now, let me read these facts. I'm about ready to, uh, tell you some fresh stats from the internet. Okay, chat. GTP, help me out here. What was the average life expectancy around 1900? So, the church age started in 1906. The average in the world was 32 years old. That was the average length of a life. In America though, in 1900, it was 47. in 1950. 50 years later, the worldwide average was 46. So it went up 14 years. Now the worldwide average uh is 73. So since 1900, it's more than doubled. Think about that. Rich and increase with goods. In the year two in the year 1900, based upon today's inflation, each person the average income per person was either two or $3,000. That's how much they made the whole year in 1900. In 1950, they made it up. They doubled it to about five grand. That's how much he remember sister Hattie, right? Brother Ram said she just made $200 a year selling her vegetables. $200 a year. And then yet God let her speak the word and let her children, her boys be saved right there with brother Brandham. $200 off of farming. That's what she got. And she lived off it. So, she was well below the average. The average for 1950 was five grand. Well below. In 2024, the worldwide average was $17,000. Church, we're living large over here, right? So, we got to live more humble, right? So, in in roughly 124 years, uh the income multiplied almost nine times. And the Bible said this would be the age that's rich and increase with goods and has need of nothing. Hallelujah. All right. Revelation 3. Hope hopefully those facts uh there by God's grace, hopefully they expand your thinking a little bit like and hopefully the people listening too, especially the critics that they'll realize that that this has to be the Leosian church age. Hopefully, but probably just get criticism. Verse 17. Because thou sayest, I'm rich and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable, poor, blind, and naked. Think about that. And this is what I really dealt with the church there, too. Did you come here to church tonight saying, "I need something." Was that your attitude? Or it's like, "Well, I better come or else Brother Jesse's going to text me." Right. Or think I'm backslid or something like that. Right. Right. Or he's going to email me or he's going to call me after church if I don't come tonight. Why did you come tonight? The whole idea of Leo is we don't need more of God. We've got enough. But see, a person who's hot and on fire realizes, I need more of God. &gt;&gt; Even after a long day of work, and the church said, even after a long week, even after lots of trials, even after lots of sicknesses, that's why I appreciate you coming tonight, brother and sister. Even after being sick all week, you can still go to the house of God said, "I need to hear God's word." Hallelujah. I want to worship the Lord. But the majority of the people say, "Well, I've got enough. I'm happy with that." So that's what I challenge the the Junction City Saints. Did you come here to church wanting something or you just come in here for spiritual duty? Brother Ram said, "If you just come for spiritual duty, it's time to go up to the altar." Right? It's time to repent. The Ram said, "As soon as you're doing something, just so people don't think you're backslid," he said, "you are backslid." I I can find the quote, but I don't have it in front of me. Now, of course, we want I want to live higher for brother Austin. I want to live higher for brother Chris and you all want to live higher for me. Right? So, we think about each other. I want to live higher for each and every all the sisters. We do, right? But we confess our sins and we ask God to give us strength for a new day. Hallelujah. And say, God, I need you today. I've got to read my Bible and pray today. As brother Rod said, I've got to find a day to fast this week &gt;&gt; so I can seek God and get more of God in my life. because I have need of God. The leosina attitude says I don't need anymore. I've got enough. As long as I got as long as I'm rich, increase with goods, I'm good. Now remember, who remembers what are the three what are the three evidences brother Ram says you're hot and on fire for Jesus? A fervent desire to please him, a passion to know his word, and a reaching out in the spirit that proves you're on fire. I've got a fervent desire. I want to please God. I want to know more of his word and I want to reach out and ask the Holy Spirit, move, Holy Spirit. Praise God. &gt;&gt; I'm aware of that. I want the spirit of God to move in my life. Move in the church. Move for my brothers. Move for my sisters. That's a good sign you're hot and on fire for Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Isn't that beautiful? Oh my. I love how brother Am just breaks it down so simply. So, so Jesus says, "You're the one saying, "I'm rich and increased with goods. I don't have need of God." That's why he spewed them out of his mouth. They they they said, "Well, I've got all these things. I've got I don't need more. I don't have to go to the Bible study with Brother Jesse, right? I don't have to go to that message church." I'm talking about people that don't come here, you know? Oh, I so that's why I really respect some of my colleagues have come to church here before and I really respect them that'll actually make the effort to do it because most people say, "Well, I don't need more of that." Now, you keep praying for Brennan. I talked to Brennon this week. He said he wants to come back and Zion invited him back to church. You invited him last night. Remember Zion? You said, remember you told Brennan, you said, "You need to come back to church sometime." You remember that? Hallelujah. Amen. Little missionary. Hallelujah. Just keep praying for people. Hallelujah. So Jesus said because of your words. Now not definitely not going to be able to finish this. Now verse 18. Now here's the main point I want to get to. I'll probably just close with this here. Jesus says I counsel. So Jesus wants to give us some counseling here. Can I say it like this? Some marriage counseling. Because we're married to Christ. How many know that? &gt;&gt; Jesus wants to give us some marriage counseling. Having any marriage trouble with your husband, Jesus? Time for some counseling. Hallelujah. He said, he said he can give you three things that will help you be hot and on fire. Right? Now, we gave the three descriptions, but these are three truths right here in the Bible. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire. Brother Ram says, "Gold is time-tested, Christlike character." Put up 1 Peter 1:7. I preached this recently. You'll be familiar with this. So Jesus says, "I want you to buy some gold that the trial your faith being more precious than that of gold that perishes though it's tried with fire." So when you go through a very difficult trial, saints, and you come out on the other side and you're still standing, now you've got some gold. Hallelujah. Amen. I didn't I didn't quit during this trial. This trial didn't just didn't end me. I came through this and now I've got a better understanding. Now I've got a more pure heart to serve God. Satan tried to take me down, but he couldn't because God was fighting for me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. And now I've been tested. I've been tested beyond what I could think. And by God's grace, he brought me through. And I've got gold. I've got character like Christ. The next one, I counsel thee to buy me white raignment that thou mayest be clothed. White raignment is uh Revelation 19. And I don't have the verse. I didn't write that one down. And this connects to the breastplate of righteousness as we preached last month as well because now we're in October. Revelation 19 might be verse nine. Let's see. Nope, it's verse eight. And to her, speaking of the the bride, the wife of the lamb, was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white. For the fine linen is the righteousness of saints. Hallelujah. So Jesus said, "Come to me and you can buy gold. I'll let you I'll sell you gold." Oh, the Lord's selling. The Lord's got a store. I want to be the first one there. Praise God. If they line up for iPhones, well, I really want to line up for some gold from Jesus. They used to line up around the corner. They don't do that anymore. Right. Jesus has a store and Jesus selling gold and he's selling white raignment. The white raignment is actually his righteousness that he gives to the believer. Hallelujah. Remember the breastplate of righteousness. So that protects your heart, right? Protects your feelings, your emotions. So other words, Jesus Jesus's uh righteousness protects your unrighteousness. &gt;&gt; People say, "Well, I criticize you. You're guilty of that. You shouldn't have done that all those years ago. That can't strike my heart." Because Jesus righteousness forgave all that. &gt;&gt; His righteousness protects mine. Unrighteousness. I'll say it like that. Hallelujah. Praise God. I'm protected by the righteousness of Jesus Christ. He took on my sin. I became his righteousness. Right? Second Corinthians 5. Now, last one is the uh Isa. He says, "And anoint thine eyes with eyes that thou mayest see." Okay, now this is back in uh Ephesians. Go back to Ephesians. I got to look this one. I thought for sure I had written that down, but I must not. Ephesians 1:18. Sorry. Now, church, how many know the Bible has to interpret the Bible? So, these three things, gold, white linen, and uh is they have to be somewhere in the Bible, right? What does this mean? This is what it means. You have Christlike character. You have Jesus's own righteousness covering your unrighteousness. You're not dressed in your garments. You're dressed in his garments. And your eyes now have eyes on them. This morning I woke up with all that matter in my eyes. Right? That's what brother told the story about when he had matter in his eyes and his mom had to put grease on there. Raccoon grease. I'm talking about first. We're blessed. We're blessed. Nobody's put raccoon grease on me. And the eyes of your understanding being enlightened. So what does this mean? My eyes are light to do what? That you may know what is the hope of his calling. In other words, when your eyes are open, you see. You see what God is promising. You see the promises before you. And it gives you hope. Praise God. We're not wandering blindly in darkness. Our eyes have eyes out. We can see. Our hope is the rapture. Amen. Hallelujah. Whether we live to to get our body changed and meet him in the air or we go to the grave, we'll be the dead in Christ rising first. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. If we die, we actually get a a greater blessing. We get to rise first. Amen. We get to see Jesus first. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And meet Jesus in the air. Praise God. That you may know the hope of his calling and the riches of the glory, hallelujah, of his inheritance in the saints. So now that your eyes are open, now I know I know the hope of being a Holy Ghost fil. And I've got a I got an understanding. Wow, we have such rich inheritance waiting for us. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. So, you buy these three things. Now, how do you buy? First Peter, I'm closing with this because I got about five minutes. First Peter, uh, 56 and 7. Pull up there. You've been a good audience tonight by God's grace. Love you. God bless you. Appreciate everybody's paying attention. I had to ask him Sunday about three times, did I say anything wrong? Can I get somebody to smile out there? That's when you know the church is really struggling when they can't even smile. But by the end, they were smiling. So, they're must be going through trials. So, let's pray for our our brothers and sisters. I was like, did I say something? I can't even get one amen. Lord, help me. But by the end, it was all good by the grace of the Lord. Amen. People crying, like I said, people coming up for prayer. Good time in the Lord. 1 Peter 567. Humbleelves therefore under the mighty hand of God that he may he may exalt you in due time casting all your care on him for he cares for you. I want to buy how many want to buy from Jesus. Here's how you buy. First you got to give him not money. You got to give him all your cares. &gt;&gt; That's what the Bible says. Well, I I didn't get paid yet. I can't get the gold from Jesus. He don't want your money. Now he wants your ties, right? But he he's not asking for well I I given this to buy something. It's a spiritual transaction. I'm going to give you all my care especially in Leodosia rich and increase with goods. I don't have enough money. I don't have enough goods. Cast that on the Lord and then what does he give you? He gives you gold. He gives you white raignment. &gt;&gt; He gives you is. So now I can see wow I have great inheritance in heaven. I'm going to get really no inheritance on this earth but I got great inheritance in heaven. Praise God. Hallelujah. And church, we still got more good news. I got more good news for you. Praise God. Now, we know the good news is Jesus died for sinners, saves us from uh hell, right? By the blood of Jesus Christ, saved by grace, not by works. We know that good news. But I got some more good news for you. Isaiah 55:1 and2. Hallelujah. He says, "Ho, everyone that thirsts, come to me. I'm sorry. Come ye to the waters and he that hath no money." So see when Jesus has a store, you don't need money. &gt;&gt; You just got to come to the store. Praise God. &gt;&gt; And buy and eat. Yay. Come buy wine and milk without money and price. Wherefore do you spend money for that which is not bread, and your labor for that which satisfaithth not. Hearken diligy unto me, and eat that which is good, and let your soul delight itself with fatness. Church, every billionaire never has enough money. Every millionaire doesn't get enough money. It'll never satisfy you. So God says, "Come and buy something that will satisfy you." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The gold will satisfy you. You see, you've got faith that stands the test. The white raignment, the righteousness of Christ, not trusting in your own works, but trusting in the blood of Christ. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "And the hope of his calling eyes." So you can see, wow, I have a great hope in heaven. I'm promised eternal life in heaven, and I've got an inheritance with Jesus. Come buy some of that. Uh, where's the store? Is it open 247, church? It's open 247. It doesn't close, brother Chris. Hallelujah. Right. Right, Caris. It's open 247. Jesus's store where he's selling these three things, it's open. Think about that. You have a such a great store, you only have to sell three things. That's a good store. Praise God. Hallelujah. And that's for this church age, &gt;&gt; right? You don't see this in any other church age. This is for our church age. This church age that's the worst of all as far as the most deceptive, right? Nothing, not one good thing to say about this church age as a whole. So that means very few people will actually go to that store and buy what Jesus is selling. Proverbs 23:23. I'm almost done. Here's what you're really trying to buy, church. So another word for all these things, another word for Isel, another word for gold, another word for white raignment is the truth. Wisdom says buy the truth and sell it not. Don't sell out to the world and take their lies. Believe the truth of the Bible. Buy that. Don't sell it. &gt;&gt; So see this is this proves Judas could sell out. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "See, you can have the truth, but then sell it out later." &gt;&gt; That proves it. Buy the truth, don't sell it out. Hang your soul on the truth. Hold on to the truth more than anything else. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Than any relationship, any amount of money, any opportunity. You hold on to the truth with everything you've got. Don't sell it out. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If you ever got something from Jesus, hold on to it. It'll be the greatest gift you ever got. Hallelujah. You'll never want to give it away. You always keep these three gifts that Jesus gives in the Leodysian church age. Hallelujah. I'll close with this one here. Yeah, I got lots of, but I better uh close it up here. Let's do uh Matthew 13. Now, I'm going to turn there. 44. This is the parable of the pearl of great price. How many enjoying the word tonight? You enjoying it? Did you have needs when you came here tonight? Hallelujah. Good. Hallelujah. I did, too. I feel better. I came in tired, but I'm feeling a lot more energetic now. 13:44. Actually, let's go to 45 because Yeah, that's a different parable. That's the hid treasure. 45 is the pearl again. The kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man seeking goodly pearls. Who when he found one pearl of great price, he went and sold all that he had and bought it. This is a beautiful parable, right? He's seeking all these, you know, we are seeking all these blessings, all these pearls, but once we find the one pearl that's greater than all, we sell out everything we have. In other words, we cast all of our cares on Jesus for the pearl of greater price. Church, what's more valuable? The gold of Jesus or continuing to worry about all your problems? What's what's more valuable? How about worrying about persecution? Uh, what's more valuable? Trusting in Jesus righteousness or worrying about the rise of Christian persecution in America? The righteous. And that that's that's what this tells us. We've got to go to Jesus and sell out everything. Lord, I'm casting all this on you. And I want the pearl of great price. I want the truth. There it is. Amen. The truth. Hallelujah. The one pearl. Give me the one truth. Give me thus sayith the word of God. That's what I want. And I'm willing to sell all that I have. I'm willing to cast everything I have and make the exchange so I can have the truth of God's word. How many want the truth of God's word tonight? Let's stand to our feet. musicians can come. Well, I made it about halfway through. How many enjoyed that tonight? Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. The Leodysian church age. See, I never seen it like that, you know, with the uh the different scriptures I talked about with spewing. I never seen it like that where it was foreshadowed at least in two places. And then I'd not put all those together about spiritual buying, casting everything on the Lord, selling out lies, selling out unbelief, selling out whatever we're struggling with, and then buying the truth, hanging on to it with all we got. Is there a truth tonight that you need to hang on to, church? Hallelujah. For each one of us, there could be something we're struggling with, something bothering us, something we're fighting. But there in all that, there's got to be a truth that we could sell out in order to receive. I'm sorry. There's got to be something we can sell out all of our battles and take the truth of God's word. Sorry, I said that wrong. So, let's bow our heads. Let's pray about that by God's grace. Heavenly Father, we thank you for the word of God tonight. Lord God, this is a beautiful text. Not because I preach it, because it's in the Bible. I'm nothing. I got enough sense. You gave me enough grace to know I'm nothing. But Lord, this blessed me so much on Sunday. I saw it bless three or four people that come up for prayer. Lord, I trust your people received it here tonight. Lord God, we want to be more spiritual. Lord, that's why we listen to a testimony about prayer and fasting, getting up early, fighting spiritual warfare. Lord, not just talking about it, but getting up early to do it, Lord God. Or for some, it might be staying up later to do it. Well, Lord, we just don't want to talk about being hot. We want to be hot. Hallelujah. We want a fervent desire to please you, a passion to know the word and a reaching out in the spirit. Hallelujah. We want Christlike character. We want the righteousness of Jesus covering our unrighteousness. And with the Isowl that gives us an eyes of understanding that we can understand the hope of the calling and the glorious riches of our eternal inheritance. So we thank you Lord for tonight Lord God. Lord if your people Lord here tonight need a transaction I pray they'll do it Lord. If they've been holding on to something like anxiety like anger a root of bitterness, discouragement, guilt, shame, lust, [Music] whatever it may be. Lord, may I pray that they the Lord God make a spiritual transaction tonight. They'll cast that care upon the Lord. They'll confess that care. And Lord, surely you'll give them what they came to buy, the truth. You'll give them the truth tonight, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, some of us need that gold. We just need to get through this trial we're going through, Lord. May the people make the exchange and buy some gold tonight from you, Lord God. Hallelujah. Other people struggle. Am I righteous enough? Am I good enough for heaven? Lord, may they make the exchange and realize only Jesus's righteousness is good enough for heaven. And Lord, to those eyes that have been kind of dimmed over and they can't even uh think about the heaven or the hope of their calling or their inheritance, Lord, I pray they'd exchange, Lord, their short-term thinking for eternal perspectives. Dear God, grant it. Lord Jesus, help your people here tonight. Lord, I trust somebody was blessed here by the power of God, by the Holy Ghost. Lord God, draw your people to you closer tonight. I pray in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, "Hallelujah. blessing in the presence of Jehovah.
