################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - (4-30-25) Wednesday Evening - Kidri Diggs - Kidri Diggs.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-01
Title:    (4-30-25) Wednesday Evening - Kidri Diggs
Speaker:  Kidri Diggs
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ycrcPbupkc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. If it wasn't for him, where would we be? Amen. Amen. And uh it's because of him we gather on nights like this. Amen. And we just appreciate him so much. Let's just um bow our heads and we'll get right into the word of God by the grace of God. Amen. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, Father, we love you tonight and we thank you for the mercy that you've given us, Lord God. And we know that it's unmmerited. Lord, it's favor from on high. Lord, we know that there's nothing we've done, Lord, but you put a seed inside of us, Lord, and you have to be obligated to that seed of life, Lord, because that very seed reflects who you are and what you are and everything about you, Lord. And we know, Lord God, that your reputation is on the line concerning your children, concerning our lives, Father. So, you make sure, Lord God, that we're protected, Lord. And Father, you're forever faithful, Lord. You're forever on time. Amen. Lord, we just pray that tonight, Lord, you guide and lead us, Lord, as the words of truth come forth, Lord. Let the gifts of God, Lord, be expressed, Lord, through the pulling of the word. Yes. Lord God, and let the edifying of the Holy Spirit be among us today, Lord. Bless both speaker and hearer in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ, we pray. And church, say, "Amen." Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, let's turn to Genesis chapter 15. Genesis chapter 15 and we'll go to 2 Corinthians 5. Genesis 15 and 2 Corinthians chapter 5. Praise the Lord. How many glad to be in church tonight? Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's um let's let's start reading at uh verse 4. Genesis 15 and 4. The Bible says, "And behold, the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, Thus shall not be thine heir, but he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be thine heir." And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now towards heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to number them. And he said unto him, So shall thy seed be. and he believed in the Lord and he counted it to him for righteousness. Amen. Second Corinthians chapter 5, just want to read a verse out of here, verse 7, the Bible says, "For we walk by faith, not by sight." Amen. Praise the Lord. You can have your seats. I'm sure you know uh we've all heard plenty of messages and um teachings on faith you know and just the thought of faith is very important because the Bible says without faith it is impossible to please the Lord. And then the scripture says faith is the substance of things hoped for the evidence of things not seen. So as a believer uh it's very important to believe beyond the natural eye. Amen. You know, but that's our challenge. Our challenge is Amen. living a life in a realm of things that we cannot see. Because that's where the goodness of God is. That's where the grace of God is. See, even right now, I could ask you, show me some love, and you would have to demonstrate that. But you couldn't give me a handful of love. Right. See, that's that's in a that's in an atmosphere of faith. Hallelujah. And so are so many of the attributes of God. They're in an unseen realm. So when we say we walk by faith, not by sight, faith, hallelujah, is something that God gives us to believe in him. But faith is not therefore what you can prove with your natural eye. If you can prove it with your natural eye, it's not faith. Hallelujah. So, so God wants us to live beyond what we can see. Hallelujah. And we know that the prophet of God said faith, amen, is a revelation. And once something is revealed to you, it can't be taken away. You know, so as I look right here in the scriptures and I look at this, you know, we think about Abraham. Abraham was what? Called the father of faith. Amen. He was called the father of faith. You know, so we are the children of faith if we come from Abraham's seed. So you take Abraham in the scriptures we read right here and and tonight my my subject is faith beyond circumstances. Hallelujah. Faith beyond circumstances. See church, we got to have a faith that pushes us beyond this natural realm, this natural place. But we look right here in in Genesis chapter 15. You know, uh Abraham, he had a son named Ishmael. But Ishmael was a product of them, uh uh Abraham and Sarahi and Hagar, all of them getting together saying, "Hey, we're going to make the promise of God come to pass." That's not faith. Hallelujah. Faith is not you doing something per se to say, "I'mma make this happen." No. Faith is believing what God said. And standing on the promise. Hallelujah. But you know, uh, Abraham and and Sarah and Hagar, they got together and they produced an Ishmael, which we know that the prophet of God in the Bible said he was a wild man. And then now he's Abraham is standing here with this child and per se. He's like, "Lord, I did it. We we have a child, but God's like, no, that's not your heir." Hallelujah. I said you and Sarah were going to have a child. Not you and Hagar. You and Sarah. How often do God gives us promises and we try to make it happen our way? And God brings everything to a halt. Why does he bring it to a halt? Because he doesn't want your reasoning or your wisdom. He wants your faith. Hallelujah. So in this moment, he brings everything to a halt. There's a child, hallelujah, of Abraham's seed, but it's not a child of Abraham's promise. Hallelujah. See, so that's the kind of faith we want. We want a faith that can produce the promises of God. Hallelujah. So God comes and he says, "Hey, see, why did Abraham and Sarah and Hagar produce Ishmael?" It was because of the circumstances. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It was because of what they saw. It because of what they physically knew in the natural realm. In the natural realm, Sarah was old. She has produced the the the time and the age of childbearing. So, she looked at herself and she said, "My, with these circumstances, how am I ever going to produce a child?" Hallelujah. What I love about God, God, God, oh my God, speak a word in our lives knowing we don't believe it yet. Boy, that's heavy, ain't it? He's so sure of his word. He's so sure that it'll come to pass. He'll tell you something that he's going to do in your life knowing you don't believe it yet. My What does that mean? That mean God has faith in you. Hallelujah. Not only faith in you, but he has faith in himself. Hallelujah. So God can speak a word knowing we don't believe it and he'll just sit back and put everything in position to make it come to pass. God protects his own promises. God protects his own word. God is not concerned about the circumstances in your life. Hallelujah. And you know, sometimes the circumstances causes us to back away from God. Many of people are not in church today because they're blaming their circumstances. You think God didn't know what your life was going to be. You think God didn't know the challenges of your life. You think God didn't know the different storms that were going to come. Hallelujah. He allows those things. Why? to unlock faith. Hallelujah. I've been saying as of late, Hallelujah. Brother, if you don't mind, can you can you give me the other water? I don't I don't want to open another fresh one. I've been saying as of late, Hallelujah. that we say, "Lord, increase my faith. Lord, give me more faith. Lord, I I I I want I want you to increase my faith for the situation." Yes. It don't work like that. It don't work like that. God could never increase your faith because for God to come and increase something he gave you that mean he didn't give you enough. So how could he be God and do something in your life that's incomplete? That's totally against his character. That's totally against him being infinite. Hallelujah. So God doesn't increase our faith. God unlocks our faith. See church. Hallelujah. God can't come back and add to you more faith. He has to give you everything you need when you were created. Oh hallelujah. Church. He didn't have to come back and add to Adam. Adam was a God when he created him. He was in his image and he was likeness and all creation obeyed him as long as hallelujah he had the nature and character of God. Hallelujah. So we come you say Lord give me more faith. Give me more faith he can't do it. Hallelujah. You say why my brother Dicks you know in some areas he said oh ye of little faith. He said in some areas you know uh where is your faith? And then he said in some areas I've never seen such faith. Yes. But he never in those situations say, "Hey, stand over here and I've added faith to you." God doesn't operate like that. H I'll make it even more plain. You take a farmer. When a farmer goes and let's just say apples, we all know apples, right? I like apples. Hallelujah. Full of fiber. Good for your sister. Amen. You know, uh apples come in different colors. Red Let me help you out a little bit. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Apples come in red. Apples come in green. And apples come in yellow. But no matter which color they come in, it's still an apple. So, let's just say I was a farmer. Hallelujah. Hey, the reason why I hold that up because this is not an insurance seminar. If you know the word, Amen, the word. Hallelujah. If you know what I'm speaking is truth. Amen. The truth. Hallelujah. A lot of times, that's why we don't make a connection in church because we're somewhere in space. Hallelujah. Show God you understand what he's talking about. Hallelujah. Show be like Haderite. Had it sitting there listening. She She wasn't there to experience anything, but she believed it. Hallelujah. And just her saying that ain't nothing but the truth. God came down and say give her whatever she want. Because of her faith, believing in what I did in your life, I'mma give her something special for her life. Gotcha. Oh. Oh my. But you think that farmer, let's just say the farmer says, "Hey, I want to plant me some red gayla apples." Hallelujah. So what he does is he go get a seed. Hallelujah. per se with the characteristics of red gayla apples. So what does he do when that seed the seed might not even be red? Nine times out of 10 it's brown. Hallelujah. Now you explain that to me. Hallelujah. How you going to get red apples out of a brown seed? Why? We can't understand God with our own wisdom. It's by faith. Hallelujah, church. And then he calls you. You you say you say, "Okay, he gets gay ables get the seed and he plants it." Hallelujah. He plants it in dirt. Hallelujah. And he waits. What does he do? He waits by faith. Hallelujah. He can't make that seed grow. That's right. There's certain laws of faith that has to take place in order for that seed to grow. Laws that the farmer can't control. H There's a law in the sun that's connected to that seed. So what the farmer has to do, he has to stand back and to rely on faith that the son is going to do his job. [Applause] Hallelujah. God puts certain things in your way that'll come in contact with you that he knows by faith it will unlock something in your life. Hallelujah. God is a lover. He doesn't make us do anything. He just puts us in connection where whatever's in us will start to come out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The son, hey, the farmer doesn't say, "Now, son, I want you to do your job now. I I'm planting a seed and you better shine like you've never shine before." No. Hallelujah. The sun has a reputation. [Applause] Hallelujah. The sun has a reputation of what it can do when the seed gets in contact with it. And you think about our God, the S o n, he has a reputation of what'll happen in your seed if you ever get in contact with him. So, first things first, hallelujah. The farmer can't look at the conditions. That's right. What kind of sense does it make if you uh uh you just you just think about the way we were raised? Now, we believe these things because we've seen it happen. But you take a farmer say, "Hey, I want apples. So, first thing I'm going to do, I'm going to plant this seed in some dirt. It seemed like we shouldn't be able to get anything out of dirt." Amen. But dirt is the start of the process. Hallelujah. Dirt is the whole thing that gets it going. Get what going? The unveiling, the unlocking of life. Hallelujah. And it's because of the dirt. Hallelujah. That's in our life. Hallelujah. That brought Christ on the scene to be a redeemer. Hallelujah. So, it was those circumstances, hallelujah, that brought God on the scene to bring us out of our circumstances. Hallelujah. So, so, so it's all right. Hallelujah. If you got a little dirt in your life, we all got dirt in our life. But look at here. That seed doesn't remain in the dirt, though. [Applause] G. Hallelujah. So, God's not calling us to remain as a sinner or have a dirty life of filthy thoughts. No, he want us to come out of the dirt. How do you get out of the dirt? You got to grow. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my, I feel my helper coming on. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. How do we get out of the dirt? We start to feel the presence of the sun. But we have to get out of a stage of being cold, stale, and dry. Hallelujah. There are some things that unlock that seed, the sun, but also water, moisture. Amen. Being sensitive to your surroundings. Amen. As all these things starts to happen, life starts to come forth. But look at here. The farmer doesn't say, "Okay, now water. I'm going to sprinkle you and I want you to do your job." No. He trusts that it will do what it's supposed to do by faith. Yes, sir. He doesn't dig it up three weeks later and say, "Are you growing yet?" No. He plants it and he steps back and he waits. Hallelujah. Because he knows if the atmosphere is right. Amen. He knows if the sun is doing its job, if the season is right, if the rain is coming. Hallelujah. That seed ain't got no choice but to come forth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And that's what God has done to us. He's put us in place where we can come in contact with all the things we need to bring forth life. Hallelujah. G. But I say that I say all that to say this. You think about that farmer. You say, "I want red gaya apples." And now the apples are starting to come out of the ground. And the plant tree is what? Green. Ain't nothing resembling red yet. Started out brown. Now it's growing and it's green. This thing of of of life and unlocking is so difficult. If you're trying to believe with intellectual faith, if you're trying to understand this with your own mind of reasoning. Hallelujah. See, reasoning says I can never get red out of brown or red out of green. That's right. Amen. Amen. But it's the life of the seed. Hallelujah. And we can't see that with our natural eyes. Hallelujah. So he plants it. Hallelujah. Now you think about how steadf Oh, I feel good tonight. You think about how steadfast in what the farmer believes he has to be. Amen. Depending on what he's seeing now. He had a handful of brown seeds. Put it in the ground. It starts to grow in dirt. Hallelujah. It starts to grow in dirt. And as it's growing, hallelujah, those red apples he want, the tree is green. Yes, sir. We walk by faith, not by sight. Amen. Hallelujah. See, the Bible says, "Every seed brings forth of its own kind whose seed is in itself." Hallelujah. So the red apples is in that seed. The seed just has to be planted. Hallelujah. So as he planted, Hallelujah. See, God doesn't want us to be confused. God just want us to believe. What normally makes us confused when we try to figure it out with our own human ability. When we try to figure it out with our own human ability. Now you tell me how brown seeds bring forth a green branch. Amen. I have no idea. All I know is it is a law of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. It's a law of God. And what I love about it, it'll come forth without my help. Hallelujah. That seed will produce of its own kind without my help. All it needs is the right conditions. Hallelujah. All we need is the right conditions and we'll bring forth what God put inside this seed, church. So that that that that just to show you that God I'm I'm going back to this uh Lord like we say Lord give me more faith now we look Hallelujah. And I said by the grace of God he can't do it. I stand to be corrected but that's my understanding. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Cuz in many things I've seen the Lord do, I never felt like I had more faith for a different situation. Amen. Yes, sir. I never felt like I had more faith. I felt like it was the same faith. Hallelujah. Just a different situation. Hallelujah. Because look, church, you take that man, he plant the seed, it's brown, it's coming up green. But then what I love, the prophet of God said, hallelujah, every bushel, everything that it would ever produce is in it when it's that big on the ground. Hallelujah. I want to say this to you. Hallelujah. In a baby stage, Hallelujah. Every prayer, every victory that you ever have is in you when you a baby. Hallelujah. Every triumph, hallelujah, every conquering of the trial, amen, every testimony, hallelujah, is in you when you say, hallelujah, I accept the Lord Jesus Christ as my savior. Hallelujah. Every victory is in you right now. And there's no circumstance that can stop that. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Yes, sir. Think about that, church. We got things we praying about, right? [Applause] We got things we praying about. We got things we won't we won't we want to see God do. Well, I'm telling you, the victory is already in you. Hallelujah. The testimony is already in you. Okay. The tree is growing now. It's green. Hallelujah. One thing that farmer doesn't do because he can't add to the seed. Amen. He doesn't come and I I know my sister Smith, she don't like these kind of things. I know. Hallelujah. That farmer doesn't go get some red 20. Hallelujah. Or some yellow number five. Hallelujah. And pour it on that Yes, sir. Hallelujah. That's one of our private jokes. He doesn't he he he doesn't go get some some red 20 or some yellow number five and pour it on that tree and say, "Okay, my now it's red." Go get some red food coloring and pour it on there and say, "Okay, it's going to produce red." No, that would be adding to it. That would be adding to it. Hallelujah. How many of you ever seen a farmer push out some coloring on his tree? No. The apples just come out red. Why? Because it's already inside of it. It's a part of it. Hallelujah. He doesn't have to whether it's green, whether it's yellow, he doesn't have to come and put some coloring or hook up some some some sprinklers and spray it over the whole crop. I want yellow apples. Sh. No. It's already in there. Hallelujah. I'm saying to you tonight, the victory you're looking for is already in there. I ain't going to be long. I'm about to close. Hallelujah. But church, hallelujah. That farmer, he doesn't come and add to that tree, add to that crop. Everything that he's believing it to be is in it when he planted. Amen. Therefore, I'm saying no matter what we going through, God doesn't have to come and add faith to us. The faith we need is in us is the trial unlocking what we need. [Applause] Hallelujah. What's the difference between adding to and unlocking? Unlocking means that it takes a key. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Unlocking mean it takes a key. What is the key? The key is faith that unlocks the door. Hallelujah. And once your faith can unlock it, you have access. [Music] Hallelujah. Yes, sir. That's right. Yes, sir. Faith is the key that that that unlocks the door. But then Christ comes and says, "I'm the door." My So your faith should be in who? Christ. [Applause] Oh my. But church, as I looked at this, I began to think about, you know, circumstances and faith to believe beyond the circumstances. We walk by faith and not by sight. Y'all know as a Christian, I want to say 99% of our life should be walking by faith. Amen. Amen. Cuz the Bible says we're what? pilgrims and strangers down here. Amen. So there there shouldn't be something in us that settles down. Hallelujah. To stay here. He see the seed of Abraham. What was Abraham? The Bible said Abraham was looking for a city. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It wasn't Egypt. It wasn't Canaan. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It wasn't It wasn't Ethiopia. Hallelujah. He was it wasn't it wasn't Israel. He He wasn't looking for those places. He was looking for a place whose builder and maker was who? God. So he was living in a place that the natural eye couldn't see. Hallelujah. Amen. And so is you and I. Or so are you and I. We should be living in a place as a Christian. Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. An unseen realm. Hallelujah. Where we believe all things are possible. Hallelujah. When bills get behind, we have a promise. As long as I paid my tithe and offering, hallelujah. I'm blessed. If you get sick, we have another promise. Hallelujah. A promise of faith. By his stripes, you were healed. Already healed. See, he's not adding nothing to us. He's already there. Healing is already yours. Amen. Oh Lord, give me some faith for this healing. He said we're healed. That means past tense. He's already done it. Hallelujah. He just wants us to believe. But we get too caught up in the circumstances. What do the word circumstances mean? Circumstance means a fact or condition connected with or relevant to an event or action. Now, we're going to deal with the fact of a matter, but I want to show you faith is stronger than your facts. The fact of Abraham's life was he was old, right, when God gave him the promise. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. He had no children. That's right. That was a fact. Him and Sarah had no children. That was a fact. Her womb was shut up. That was a fact. Hallelujah. Amen. She probably hadn't hit menopause already. That was a fact. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. She said, she said, "How am I going to have pleasure with my Lord at this old age?" Amen. Hallelujah. What she was doing, she was looking at the circumstances, the facts of her life. So, she laughed and she said, "Oh my goodness." Abraham laughed first. He said, "Oh my goodness, God, please. My wife is old. I'm old. And how can we have pleasure? I know these things can happen." It's like, "God, I appreciate you being God, but And that's what we do sometimes. God speaks a word in your life knowing that you not there to believe it yet, but he's going to get you there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God's going to show you you got more faith than what you think. He's going to allow you to go through trials and tribulation to do what? Unlock more faith. Hallelujah. He lets Hallelujah. He lets him have he lets him have Ishmamail and then he put the brakes on that whole thought. Said, "Nope, that ain't what we're doing." I said, "You and Sarah." That's right. Hallelujah. You and Sarah, then they made the deal. Hallelujah. Hagar and Sarah made the deal. And then after the deal, Sarah got mad. Hallelujah. She looking at this woman with a child and with her husband. He said, "No, we ain't going over. You got to go. You got to get Now, that wasn't the plan at first." Hallelujah. See? Hallelujah. What does circumstances do? Circumstances deal with your emotions. Now, Sarah didn't got all emotional and she's like, "No, no, no. You got to go get out of here. You and your child." But God comes back. He says, "Okay." Abraham and Sarah, they leave the land. Hallelujah. But let's back up a little bit. Him being h the father of faith, God had to unlock stages of faith in his life to get him to perfect faith. Amen. That's what the trials are all about. God is producing out of you. Hallelujah. Himself. That's right. Not a partial faith, but a perfect faith. Hallelujah. I got a quote for you. The prophet of God said, "Hallelujah." He said, "Hallelujah. The world," He said, "the power, oh my, this is heavy. This ain't skim milk." He said, "The power that created the world is in every Holy Ghost fil believer." Great. [Music] Woo. So if I got the Holy Ghost, I got the power to create what I need. Talk to me, church. Isn't that what Abraham did? Hallelujah. When it all came down to it, Abraham said, "The Lord shall provide himself a sacrifice." And next thing you know, where did it come from? It came from Abraham's faith. Hallelujah. That's right. Out of a trial. Hallelujah. Oh my. But look, how did how did he get there? Amen. Lot got taken down in Sodom. Hallelujah. Abraham got 318 servants against an army. But he trusted and believed that God was with him. Hallelujah. What was that? That was faith. So God allowed situations in his life that his faith could unlock. And you think about this man went down there with servants, not warriors, not an army. He went down there with service and defeated an army. Hallelujah. What would that do for your faith? Amen. Think about it. You come up against something that seems so big, so strong, and in the name of Jesus, you defeat it. Amen. You have no problem going into another battle. Amen. That's right. Because that trial unlocked something. [Applause] Those circumstances unlocked something. When it looked like he didn't have enough, he had more than enough. Cuz what was his more than enough? Faith in God. Amen. Every trial in your life, every situation in your life, every circumstance in your life should be unlocking a measure of faith. Amen. But you look at all the things Abraham, you take that. Hallelujah. Go down there and get lot. Hallelujah. Unlock something. Him and Sarah go down into Aimilec. I may not be saying this in order, but it goes down to Aimilec. Aimilec sees Sarah said, "Man, I got to have her." Abraham said, "Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, girl, you looking good now." See, look, he was so caught up in the circumstances, he couldn't he he's speaking to his wife as a young woman. He's speaking to his wife as a young woman. The promise is right in front of him, but he's letting the circumstances get the best of him. Yes, sir. Good. Hallelujah. How often the promise of God is right in your face, but you letting the circumstances get the best of you. The promise was fulfilled right in his eyes. He said, "Honey," he said, "Honey, you looking good. You look you looking so good. The king want to kill me and want to take you at his wife. Why would a young king want a grandma? That's right. Yes. Glory. I done been around a long time, but I ain't I ain't seen a young man marry a grandma yet. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But this young man saw something in Sarah. What did he see? He saw the restoration of God's promise. You and Abraham are going to have a child. Hallelujah. Look at it. The unbeliever could see it before the believer could see it. Hallelujah. And so were some of us that tried to fit in the world. And our unbelieving friends would tell us, "Ah, you don't fit. Go. You going to church. You know this a church night. Go on to church." Amen. Stop trying to hang. Stop trying to hang out with us. your life get all messed up, jacked up, and tow up, and you still be trying to make it fit God's allowing these things to happen on purpose. So faith in him can come out. So God allowed that. God allowed Abraham to go down there, man, take his wife just like he spoke. Now the circumstances didn't change. Amen. Yes. But then God has to come in and protect his promise. Hallelujah. If you doing what you supposed to do, God going to do his part. Hallelujah. Even when you ain't doing your part, God going to do his part. Cuz he has to protect his promise. His reputation is on the line. If God if you got a scripture and you standing on that scripture, God's reputation is on the line. Hallelujah, church. In in in in in Abraham's folly, hallelujah, in his unbelief, yes, God comes in and unlocks something. Even when he wasn't believing, God still gave him a measure of faith. [Applause] How? Through a trial. Yes. And then God comes and meets uh Aimilec aimc in a in a in a dream and say, "Hey, that's my prophet." And you better give him back his wife or you as good as a dead man. And this is this is what I want you to do. He said, "But he lied to me, God. She she even said that was her brother." He said, "Yeah, yeah, I know the integrity of your heart." Said, "That's why I'm stopping you from sinning against me." Amen. Amen. God just stepped in fighting this battle. Hallelujah. Abraham ain't had to do nothing. God just stepped in. What is that going to do? That's going to unlock something in Abraham's life. And look, church. Hallelujah. Now he comes and he tells him say, "Hey, give that man back his wife. And before he leave, I want you to bless him. Bless him and let him pray for you." Amen. But de, what are you saying, church? There have been times in my life when I should have gotten judgment, but God gave me grace. Hallelujah. And he blessed me. Talk to me somebody. There are times when we should have got judgment, but God gave us grace and favor. Hallelujah. What did that do? That unlocked another measure of faith in Abraham's life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, Abraham, I'm going to speed up a little bit. You can keep looking at the different trials of Abraham's life. Now, Abraham get to a place that God says, "Hey, all right. Now, those are circumstances. Those are facts. Hallelujah. They did take Sarah. Fact. Hallelujah. She was in the palace. Fact. Hallelujah. But then God came in and took her back. And now Abraham Abraham is leaving the kingdom. Abraham's leaving the kingdom blessed just told a lie. Then did all kind of foolery, right, brother? And God still gives him blessings. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Cuz the Bible says all things work together for good. All things. Not sometimes, all the time. But Jesse, I don't understand why people don't want to give God their all. That's right. They they want to play pickoo with God or hide and seek. One week they one week they in church, next week they hiding. One week they in church, next week they hiding. Why do that with God when all he want to do is bless you? [Applause] That's all he want to do. He want to bless you. He want to put you in heavenly places. He want to show you that you are the child of a king. [Applause] Oh, church. Now look, he gets to the place now through all the trials and tribulations, God God gives him the ultimate challenge. He says, "Hey, now I want you to take him and kill him." [Music] The circumstances. Look at the circumstances. Yes. He waited 25 years. Now he has the son and God say, "Go kill it." He says, "Go take him up on the mountain." He said, "I'll show you. Just get out there and go." He gets up the next morning. He says, "Hey, I lag going to go and I lag going to return." Hallelujah. What was what happened? Amen. From that place to the place where he was a liar. Now God done so much in his life. Hallelujah. God's unlocked a perfect faith to know that if God give me anything, I can't lose it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And if I lose it, that mean he got something better. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my. He said everything that Job lost, he gave it back to him double. Hallelujah. He said go return. God didn't tell him that. That's right. But faith can put an anointing on you. Hallelujah. Oh my. I I'm looking for the right words, but I'm going to say it like this. That'll even supersede what God had said. Amen. Amen. Didn't Jacob wrestle with the angel and prevail? Amen. Hallelujah. His faith superseded. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my church. Look. And now Oh. Uh uh I give you another case. God put and God allowed an evil spirit to get on Saul. Amen. But every time David came in there, probably he probably was saying, "Speak the name of Jesus." Amen. And them spirits will lift up and leave. Hallelujah. That's who we should be, church. Amen. We should be God's in the circumstances of our life. Hallelujah. The evil spirit belonged there, but it couldn't sit there in David's presence. And when David left, the spirit came back. When David came, the spirit left. Hallelujah. A spirit that God put on the man. [Applause] I need to close. But church, you look Abraham said, "I lag on go. I lag going to turn." His faith was unlocked in such a place now to the circumstances didn't matter. It didn't matter. He get out there. H didn't tell Sarah nothing. You know why? Cuz he was expecting to come back with Isaac. Hallelujah. He was expecting to come back with Isaac. Hallelujah. He like what he going to tell her I'm going to go kill my son for he knew he was going to come back with Isaac. That's the that's the realm of faith he was operating in curse. He tells his he tells his servants I lag going to go and I lag going to return honey. So they get out there and they go way out there where there's nothing out there. H way out there all the way out there in the mountains way out there. Then they start gathering wood gathering wood. Getting a get getting the altar together all these things. And Isaac, hold Isaac looks to his daddy. He says, "Papa, he says, "I see the altar. We got the wood, but where's the sacrifice?" And Abraham's faith has been unlocked now. Amen. To he can create in his circumstance. He's the master of his circumstances. That's right. Oh, that's who we should be. We are the master of our circumstances. Abraham became the master of his circumstance. Hallelujah. He was speaking as Adam spoke in the garden of Eden. He says, "Son, the Lord shall provide himself a sacrifice." And they don't. Where did it come from? It came from Abraham's faith. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. His faith put it there. Yes, sir. No matter what the circumstances was, hallelujah. Was no animals running around out there. His faith created it. Honey, friend of mine in Arizona, far close. Friend of mine in Arizona, he was out hunting deer and he had got to a spot where he saw a bunch of doese's around a tree. said the tree wasn't that big. He could see behind the tree, both sides of the tree with his binoculars, how many other yards it was. He said, "Now, if those doe's are there gathering, a buck got to be somewhere." He said, "But I don't see it." Binoculars looking, don't see nothing. He said, he waited a little bit, put the binoculars back up, still don't see nothing. All he see is the tree and a couple doe's around the tree. He said that buck got to be somewhere. So what he did was he said I know it's a buck there. So he said he stood up, put his goggles out. He said, "Hey buck." Now he done looked out there four times already with the goggles. And when he yelled, "Hey buck," he said a big big huge buck came from behind the tree. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. The tree wasn't that big to hide that book. Amen. [Applause] Where did it come from? [Applause] He called it on the scene. Hey, buck. He said the buck came from behind the tree. He shot it. Took it home. Amen. And I came just a little quicker. I would to add some of that meat. I love testimony meat. [Applause] Oh my church. Don't worry about the circumstances. Look, church. Oh, another friend of mine, he was working the graveyard shift. I think he go in like 10:00 and get off 3:00 in the morning. Whatever the hours is, he get up like 3 two two or three in the morning. So this one morning he got off, jumped on the highway, started riding. his gas hand wasn't working. He ran out of gas in the middle of the highway 2 o'clock in the morning. Nobody's out there. He said he didn't want to call his wife cuz it was 2 o'clock in the morning. Then she was so many miles away. It would have been a whole headache. And he was like, "Man, what I'mma do?" So he started looking around. He was miles away from her exit. Nobody was coming. He's like, "Man, what I'mma do?" He lift up the trunk. Didn't have no gas jug back there. He fumbling around. He said all he saw was a a a a a gallon of water. He's like, "Man, I ain't got nothing." He said, "But then he stood on the side of the car and he started to think about the Lord." Amen. Said, "God, you turn water into wine." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can turn water into gas. Hallelujah. He didn't go home. He didn't sit in the car and pray 15 hours. He said, "Lord, if you turn water into wine, you can turn water into gas." He took the water out the trunk, pulled it in the pulled it in the gas tank, jumped in, crunkked the car, and drove all the way home. Hallelujah. Who cares about the circumstances? You are the master of your circumstance. [Music] That's the God I serve. Hallelujah. He allows things to happen to unlock your faith. Now, who's going to tell that brother that we are not recipients of supernatural things? Hallelujah. The Bible is true. Hallelujah. He can stand there and say, "It's true. I've seen God do it." Amen. That's right. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory to I'm going close with this. Circumstances. Facts. Facts. But that don't change who God is. Remember, they sent a call. They sent the messenger out to Jesus. Lazarus is sick. Jesus, okay, okay, I'm coming. Keep on going wherever he going. They say somebody said, "Lord, Lord, Lazarus, he he he about to die." He said, "If you believe this is for the glory of God, just hold on. This is all this is happening for the glory of God." So now Jesus, get there. Hallelujah. and and and mother says, "Lord, if you would have been here, my brother wouldn't have died." But even mother knew that those circumstances couldn't stop God. Mother said, "Even now, Lord, whatever you ask the Father, it'll happen right now." See, that's how we should be. No matter what we're looking at, what do you believe? Amen. What do you believe God can do? No matter what. Let's stop living with oh my credit score ain't this and my this ain't that and all that. Who do you believe or don't you? I can't buy no car because of my credit score. I don't make enough on my job. Are you a son and daughter or not? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. church. Then the mother keep talking to Jesus and you know and then mother says Lord by now he's thinking facts. Let's look at the circumstances. Now most of us have have have have maybe seen something get hit by a car and die. You know it's on the road. It's stinking. It's dead. Just terrible. But think about a dead body. Worms coming out of it. Parts are falling off. Eyes done sunk in. Worms eating everything. It's the body is decaying. It's deforming. Four days later, completely against physics. Jesus. They said they talk about the circumstances versus who God is. He said, "Lord, he's thinking by now." Did mother mess around and say the right thing? She said, "Lord, even he said, I know my brother going to raise again in the dead of resurrect." Jesus said, "Ah, I am the resurrection. Where have you laid? Where's that stinking 4 day old dead body? Where is he? Take me to the tomb. Where is he? Amen. Now, can you imagine they get to the tomb, Jesus say, "Roll a stone away." And when they roll a stone away, everybody probably wish they was in CO with mask on when that smell came out of that tomb. Some people probably said, "Lord, I I believe, but I believe in miracles, but this this this smell is just too much." I believe that when that stench came out, it couldn't even touch the nose of Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Why? Because he Hallelujah. controlled death. Death had no power over him. The smell of death couldn't even touch him. Hallelujah. That's right. Look at the circumstance. A dead body, the stench come out cuz she said by now he's stinking. So they know what a dead body happens, what it smells like. But Jesus roller, thrown away. I believe death couldn't even come up under his nose. Hallelujah. Then he stands out there and he says, "Lazarus, come forth." Yes. And a man that been dead four days, the decay of the ears start to come back together. The eyes start to come back in his Look, church. Look, he didn't get hooked up to a respirator. His heart started to pump it again. The blood started moving through his life. Hallelujah. started flowing through his body again. Why? Because Jesus called for it. And when the master comes, he can change every circumstance. [Applause] And if he did that for the glory of God, what about us? What is he unlocking in your life? Hallelujah. Don't sit and complain and be crying and oh Lord I don't know what I'mma do. You going to believe that what you going to do. I'm going to believe. I'm going through this for the purpose of becoming stronger. Hallelujah. He ain't giving me more faith. He's unlocking the faith. And every child is unlocking the faith. Amen. There are some things that are in you that you don't even know in you. And God pushes it out of you. The prophet of God wasn't looking to speak squirres into existence. But God allowed him to get in that situation. And then he told him, "Hallelujah, if you want squirrels, speak them and they'll appear." [Applause] He wasn't looking to create. He put them in a position. Hallelujah. on top of the mountain in Colorado. Storm was coming. He said, "If you speak to it, it'll obey you." Hallelujah. [Applause] I got to give him up before I break something. Hallelujah. Think about it, church. Right now, you're going through things because God is trying to unlock a level in you. Amen. He's trying to unlock something in you. He knows about your storms. He told him, he said, "Hey, let's go to the other side. Y'all go ahead. I'm going to pray." Then he went to pray. And then then the Bible say by now they're in a storm. You think he didn't know it was a storm out there? He let that happen so they could see another level in him that they are supposed to produce. They seen him heal the sick and raise the dead, but they never saw him walk on water. So now he's coming out there in the midst of [Applause] Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. The question is, is that same God coming to you in your storm? Amen. Hallelujah. He should be, we should be believing. Faith beyond all the circumstances. Yes. You tell me one circumstance in the Bible that stopped God from moving. When it was something he wanted to do, nothing could stop him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And it should be the same way in our lives. The circumstances of this life shouldn't hinder who we are. Cuz the mistake they made, they said we crucify you not because of the good works and all. crucify you cuz you a man saying you God. See, they were crossed up. They were looking at it wrong. Say you you you you do all these things, but man, you messed up when you said you was God. They had it wrong. Hallelujah. He wasn't a man saying he was God. He was God saying he was a man. He was God first. That's right. He was God first and he became a man. Now I say unto you, if he was God first and became a man, who are you? Hallelujah. I'm a son of God first, living a life down here as a man. Cuz the prophet of God said we bypass our theophony. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Don't let these circumstances down here stop you from believing. I want everybody to get that key out. Come on, get your keys out. Get your spiritual keys out. And I want you to turn that door. Turn that door. That thing you praying about, turn that door. Hallelujah. Come on, you sisters. I'm closing. Come on. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's pray. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, Father, we love you and we thank you for your word. Lord, we pray it was something said to help your people, Lord God. Father God, we are supposed to rise above the circumstances of life and live in this truth, Lord. And the truth is that we are sons of God, daughters of God. Lord, and this earth down here is only the proving ground. And it can't stop us from being what we are. But what it should do is unlock the measures of Christ that are already inside of us. Lord, we thank you. We love you. We appreciate you. Continue to bless Pastor Smith, his family, his church family. Lord God, all those connected to the end time word. In the name of Jesus Christ,
