################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - (6-29-25) The Masterpiece - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    (6-29-25) The Masterpiece - Jesse Smith
Speaker:  Jesse Smith
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIRrhAn1GOY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
that happened right after World War II. And all the historians recognize that he was a true prophet of God. Um, and so I'm taking a thought from a sermon he preached and I'm going to preach the Bible uh from that text here by God's grace. I'd like to preach on the masterpiece today. I've been listening to this off and on the last few weeks, you know, as I mow and as I travel and even studying, of course, but I trust it to be a blessing to you uh by the grace of God today. Isaiah 53. We'll do verses uh we'll read verses 1-5. Just, you know, brother Gary, I usually preach about an hour and a half. So, if people need to get up and get water and things like that, then they're of course more than welcome to do that. Uh that's just kind of like my average time. Sometimes less, sometimes more by God's grace. But I'll try to try to watch the time, especially with the mothers and the children, you know. Uh I try to watch the time here. Isaiah 53. What a beautiful chapter. I've often said this. If if I happen to die before Jesus returns, I want this chapter read at my funeral. Praise God. Because it's only through the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ that I can even be saved. Hallelujah. It's only through the hope of Jesus Christ that my heart could be changed and I could love Jesus Christ, serve Jesus Christ, and desire to have eternal life with our Lord and Savior. Praise God. Uh we'll read verses or I'll read verses 1-4 and then we can all read verse 5 together. Who hath believed our report and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed. So see Christ must be revealed to us by the spirit. For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of a dry ground. He hath no form nor calmliness. That means splendor. So when Jesus was born and we saw these pictures, but when he grew up there was no splendor. Like wow, he's just so different from other children. There was no splendor. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. This was prophesied 700 years before Christ. He wasn't a beautiful man. He wasn't a handsome man. Wasn't a great man. But he was God's man. Hallelujah. Verse three. He has despised and rejected a man, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. And we hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs. Hallelujah. And carried our sorrows. That word means our mental sorrows. So any mind battle, any depression, any we call people call it mental health today. Jesus has already carried that away. If people are willing to receive it, praise God. But you have to be willing to receive it. He's already carried those sorrows away. Yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. Let's read verse 5. 1 2 3. But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed. Let's have one more word of prayer. Father God, this text brings me to tears, Lord, almost every time I read it. I'm the one that turned away. I'm the one that ran from you for 19 years, Lord God. I was the guilty one. I was I hid my face from you, Jesus. And I was worthy of judgment and punishment, Lord. But according to these verses, you took my punishment. You took my shame, Lord. You and then you carried all my infirmities away. All my sins, hallelujah. All my iniquities, you carried them away. You separated me from my sins. You've done that for all of us. And we give you glory and honor and praise for that this morning. Thank you God that with your stripes with each and every stripe Lord Jesus that you endured you were healing us till now we are completely healed Lord God thank you for the power of the cross it's still alive and well today because the spirit of God is here Lord Jesus let the Holy Spirit anoint this word Lord as I preach it I'm no preacher I can do nothing Lord God there's only one preacher and Lord that is you oh God almighty so Lord God anoint this service today may we hear a masterpiece from the only one who can give a masterpiece the Lord Jesus Christ. We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name. And the church said, "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated. Praise God. So, I'd like to look at this thought here on the masterpiece. I'd like to start with just a definition of what a masterpiece is and our understanding of it. Of course, the word masterpiece isn't in the Bible. Uh 1964, as I said, brother Ram picked up this thought and I'm going to show you where he got this thought from. It was a beautiful thought. Uh but we would call a masterpiece is a work done with extraordinary skill. Uh so like I'd say Malachi and Lydia on on the instruments, that's that's a masterpiece because if I got on there, it would be no masterpiece. Praise God. there there'd be no extraordinary skill. There'd be a lack of skill. But when someone is extraordinary skillful at something and they produce a work, it's called a masterpiece. Praise God. It's also a it's especially a supreme intellectual or artistic achievement. That's what we're going to see today in the case of Michelangelo. Uh by God's grace, it's a a rank I'm sorry, it's a piece of work presented to a medieval guild as evidence of qualification for the rank of master. So in the old days, you could become a master. uh and if if you pass certain uh uh qualifications, you would be termed a master. They even have that today in education. I'm a school teacher. You can become a master teacher in Ohio. Now, I'm not there. I'm not going to go through all those hoops. Uh I just want to be the best God called me to be. But, uh we have something similar today where you have they have al also have master technicians when we go to take our cars in, right? Yeah. You can earn the status of being a master. That means you have extraordinary skill. And I believe Christians should strive to do their very best for the kingdom of God. Hallelujah. Right. The Bible says, "Whatever you do, do it with all your heart in the book of Ecclesiastes." Praise God. And then Paul says in Colossians, "Whatever you do for the work for the Lord, do it with all your might." Praise God. How many want to do that today? Praise God. Certainly want to do that by God's grace. And uh so as I've been listening, you know, these last few weeks, this sermon, uh brother Random got his inspiration uh from Michelangelo's masterpiece uh that he sculpted there by uh direction of the pope. So I just I'll briefly just share this is this sermon. Brother was uh traveling in Rome and he saw this masterpiece and and he was inspired by this masterpiece. How many heard of of this piece Moses by Michelangelo? Everybody heard Anybody heard of it? Okay, a few people. Maybe not the young people. Who knows what they teach him anymore in these schools, you know, right? Uh but I don't think I learned it in school either. But uh I think I learned it in ma art class actually. Art class. Yeah, if I'm not mistaken. But he finished this masterpiece called Moses around 1513, give or take a few years. Uh Pope Julius II commissioned him to build this for his tomb, for his death. And of course, he died before it was finished. Um and what's interesting, you know, right off, you notice the horns there. And and and there's two thoughts on this. You know, u some people think Michelangelo just used those horns as that was the glory of God that was coming uh off of him because when he come down from the mountain, he's got the two tables of stone. The Bible said he shone with the glory of God for being in the presence of God for so long. Other people think there was a misinterpretation in the Latin Vulgate, which was an earlier translation uh of the scripture and and the the translation said horns rather than the glory of God. So, it doesn't really matter to us cuz we know he didn't have horns, right? We know people today aren't born with horns. Uh, and so whatever it was, uh, he was inspired to do it. How many believe he was a he, how many, how many know he was a master? Praise God. A master sculptor, we'd say, undoubtedly, uh, without question, a master sculptor. Uh, and just look at the amazing details. You know, I look at my I was looking at my hand this morning. I'm like, my my hand is a lot like that. same uh same muscles and ligaments and you know uh just how many years or decades did this man put into this uh and this is out of marble. This isn't out of play-doh where you can easily fix something in the right shape. This took dedication, years, devotion, attention to every detail. Right? That's why a mechanic could be a called a technician or a master technician if he's watching every detail to make sure the vehicle's in the proper condition or a master teacher that he or she could assess where the children are, what they need, what's the next thing they need in order to to get to the next level of learning and then get ready to to take them even higher, right? And do that with a class of 17 or 22 students. That's what a master teacher would do. Praise God. Hallelujah. We see amazing detail craftsmanship and this is church the work of a man. This isn't the work of God. This is the work of a man. So it just shows what could a human uh accomplish if they're yielded to God almighty. Hallelujah. Amen. Now this reference says this and this is the story where brother Random heard about this story back in the 60s. This statue uh has a famous antidote about Michelangelo and when he finished it, imagine him stepping away, you know, he takes his chisel, lays down his chisel, he's all sweating, he steps away. There's a story that that's written about him, an anecdote about Michelangelo. I don't think he said it himself, but somebody wrote this about him. He saw the perfection of of what he had produced. And he takes his hammer, he gets his hammer back in his hand, and he strikes the knee and says, "Why don't you speak?" because he saw the image in his mind come to reality and it so moved him to see this masterpiece in a reality in front of him that he believed it should talk. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. And this inspired brother Brandham to preach the sermon masterpiece. Hallelujah. How many know where we're going by God's grace? Oh, there's one great masterpiece. Hallelujah. Amen. That God gave. Amen. Now, we say we're minor masterpieces, right? I mean, we're no doubt amazing as it is. The Bible said, "Each one of you are fearfully and wonderfully made." Don't let the devil tell you you're not good enough or smart enough or handsome enough or pretty enough. You are made exactly how God wanted to make you. Praise God. You're fearfully and wonderfully made. Don't let the devil tell you lies and get you discouraged. You take courage in what God said about you. Hallelujah. Take God's word over the devil's word. The devil's a liar. Hallelujah. But God is the truth. Hallelujah. Amen. And so Moses was I'm sorry. Michelangelo was so inspired he said, "Why don't you speak?" And if I'm not mistaken, I could be wrong, but that arrow there, that's the that's the part that he struck with the uh the hammer there. He was so inspired to see his vision become a reality, he wanted to speak. Hallelujah. Amen. So, it's a it's a beautiful story. Brother Ram heard this in the 1960s and uh he caught inspiration. And here's a little bit of the quote. And now, just so Brother Gary knows, we we uh we follow Brother Brandham like the Lutheran follow Martin Luther, right? Like the Methodists follow John Wesley. And church, I heard in his in his notebook, John Wesley, they would go from house to house and they would spend time, the preachers would spend time in your house and if your house wasn't clean enough, they'd kick you out of the church. I'm talking naturally and spiritually if they saw any trash. That's how serious he was about serving God. How many know we can be more serious about serving God? Do not let sin in your home. Praise God. It will have it will start growing. The Bible says it's like leaven in dough. It'll have a puffing effect, a prideful effect. The the longer you allow sin in your life, the more it it exalts itself again against God. But that's why God told the Jews, "Get the leaven out of your house." And Paul picks it up and says, "Christ is our Passover." And what does what does Paul say? There's two things that keep sin out of our lives. Sincerity and truth. I sent that to brother Chris this week. Right, brother Chris? You got asked about that. Great question, brother. If we are sincere, we'll keep the sin out of our homes. If we're truthful, we'll keep the sin out of our lives. We all We're all going to sin every day, but every day, let's be sincere. Let's confess it. Let's tell the truth. Let's confess our sins. Get it out of our lives. And let's have a home that magnifies Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Let's not have a home that allows sin to grow and develop and become more like the world. We're we're not of the world. We are of heaven. Hallelujah. Amen. We're in the world but not of the world. Hallelujah. And so what brother Ram said, you know, after Matt Michelangelo had spent all that time for years and years to make this, he said under the influence of seeing fulfilled what he had seen in his heart and his vision and desired to see it was completed. And it was completed. So he was inspired by it till he thought his own masterpiece should speak back to him. And he struck it across a leg, hollered, "Speak." And it made a flaw on it. It put a flaw on the image. Right? So if you look back at the image, it looked like, "Why is that? Why is that there? It doesn't look like it should be there." Well, there's a purpose behind that because the creator said speak. He wanted it to speak. He was inspired by what uh had become to a reality. The vision had become reality. And brother Bam said to me, so this is brother Bam's opinion. To me, the flaw was what it made it a masterpiece. Now, most of us wouldn't think that, right? I mean, look at the hair. Look at the tables of stone. And look at the face of Moses. And just look at the beard and the muscles, the arms, as I said, the ligaments, you know, the flaw there in the leg. That doesn't seem like it would be the masterpiece. But to brother Brandham, he said that was what made it the masterpiece. He said, "Maybe your mind might think different. You think that spoiled it, but to me, that made it what it was." Because after so many years of careful work and toils and inspiration and so forth of making it, his toil had proved not in vain. It was perfect. And that's why he cried out, "Speak." He had seen before him that he had been able to achieve and bring to pass the vision that was in his mind. And therefore, under inspiration, he done something out of the reason, out of the ordinary. He struck it and hollered, "Speak." See, he wouldn't have done it if he had thought. But he didn't think. It was inspiration of seeing what he had in his mind sitting there perfectly before him. So, we all know where this is going. Jesus Christ is God's masterpiece. The Bible said, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son." The key word there is only. We all were begott of God, right? Begott means to come from. We all came from God. The Bible said we were chosen in Christ before the foundation of the world in Ephesians 1:4. But if Jesus was only begotten, then this is a different kind of begotten. This means there's no one that came forth like him. So no one can be greater than him and no one can do greater than him. I don't care. I don't care what the false teachers say or I don't care what the lying preachers say. No one can do greater works than Jesus Christ. They misunderstood John 14:12 where he said, "Greater works than these shall you do." You've misunderstood the translation from the King James version. Greater means more works. In other words, the church for 2,000 years would do more miracles than just the body of Jesus. And think of that even the body of Jesus did so many that John said it would be impossible to contain all the books that could be written about his works. So what about the Holy Ghost in believers for the last 2,000 years? Of course, the church did greater number of works, but nobody could do greater than Jesus Christ. We've never seen anybody walk on water. We've never seen anybody raise someone from the dead after three days. Jesus Christ is the greatest. Hallelujah. He is God's masterpiece. Hallelujah. He's the single of its kind, the only of its kind. Hallelujah. Is Jesus Christ our Lord. The Bible says how he was made. He wasn't made like we were. We looked at it a few weeks ago. Psalm 51. The David said, "In sin did my mother conceive me." In other words, of course, his parents uh David's parents were married. Uh and so it wasn't sin for his his parents to have conception but it David's saying I was conceived in sin. The sin nature passed from my parents into me. And that's the battle that we all face today. Our greatest enemy is who? Ourselves. My greatest enemy is Jesse Smith. Brother Brandham said my greatest enemy is William Brandom. You are your greatest enemy because it's the sin nature inside of you. We've all got a battle to overcome. But the Bible said, "Take hope because greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world." Hallelujah. But Jesus Christ was the word made flesh. The word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory. The glory as the only begotten of the father. As I said, he was created in a different way. Jesus was conceived uh we'd say egg and germ or egg and sperm both by God without any human uh impartation or any human effort. God created the fertilized egg of Jesus's body. Hallelujah. God created that and in that body was not a sin nature. It was a word nature. There is no Bible verse that said Jesus had a sin nature. It said his body was under the curse of death. So his body was would eventually have died if he not been crucified. But he had to be crucified. That was the cup the father had for him. And he prayed, "Father, let this cup pass. Nevertheless," those beautiful words, "let not my will be done, but let thy will be done." But Jesus had no sin nature. He had a word nature, but his body was under the curse of death. Hallelujah. Adam and Eve proved. Now, Adam and Eve was the closest. Adam was the closest. He was created perfect. None of us were created that perfect. Adam was the closest. He was created sinless, but then chose to sin because he didn't want to be uh away from Eve, his wife. Eve was deceived in the sin. But Adam wasn't deceived. Adam knew what he was doing. He was taking on her sin in order because he knew God would redeem Eve. Hallelujah. Amen. How could Adam just uh let his wife just die uh and and he would remain sinless? She was a part of him. Amen. And that's what Christ did. Christ took on our sin on the cross. Because he was our husband. Hallelujah. He was our savior and we're a part of him. Hallelujah. Chosen in the mind of God. Ephesians 1 vers4. Before the foundation of the world. This is why the angel sang. Praise God. Hallelujah. This is why the earth shook when he had died. It wasn't just Adam. It wasn't kind of a a mixture of a human and a h a sinful human. It was a God man. Hallelujah. It was God in flesh. It was Emmanuel. None like him before, none like him afterwards. He's the only man worthy to be praised. That's why we praise him today. Hallelujah. I love this verse. I think we did a Bible study last week, Brother Chris, and we mentioned this verse. Speaking of Jesus, it said who being the brightness of his glory and the express image of his person. Notice Jesus is the image of God's person. The Bible never calls God three persons. We know that we're taught the word of God. Well, that was invented about uh I think the earliest time the word trinity was was uh coined was 180 AD. That word came into creation 80 years after the last apostle died. The word trinity is not even in the Bible. Right? So we know the trinity is an addition to the Bible. We never want to add to the Bible. We never want to take away from the Bible. Hallelujah. But Jesus is the express image of God's person. God's one person. And he upholds all things by the word of his power when he by himself purged our sins. Hallelujah. Sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high. Now that word in the Greek express image is the word where we get character from. Someone has good character. That that means the good part about them, right? But the difference with us, we have some bad parts about our character. We still got some things we're trying to overcome. And the church said, hallelujah. When you're done overcoming, it's when you pass from this life and you go into the next body. Hallelujah. That's when you'll be done overcoming. But until then, we've got to overcome and strive as the Bible said, "Give all diligence to have the character of Christ." So this word express image in the Greek is carere and it's got two definitions. An instrument for engraving or carving. So it's as if God carved his nature into the body of Jesus. Children in school, have you done any wood carvings yet? Okay, you will. I did them in school. You'll get out a nice piece of wood and they'll give you like some carving instruments and you'll dig that that that that uh that knife. It's like kind of like a knife. You'll dig that knife into the wood. What's another name for? How do you know the names of the wood carving instruments? So, my general term is a knife. They have all these different knives and to create different kind of shapes. And that's what God did. God took the body of Jesus and he spiritually carved his nature into Christ. Not the sin nature, but the divine nature. Hallelujah. I like this last one. It's like a stamp. Now, you got children got stamps out. You ever use a stamp? Right. You put the stamp on you if you put the stamper on the stamp pad, get all that ink on there, and what does it produce? It produced the same image that's on the stamper. And that's what the that's what Jesus was. Jesus was the exact image of God in a human being. I like this lack. I like this last one. Fax simile. Tammy worked in an office. I I used to work. We send faxes all the time. Right now we don't have to so much. Now we can email a lot. But in the old days, we had fax machines. Well, that's what God did. He put his character Amen. in the fax machine. Hallelujah. And he sent the same character down into his son. Hallelujah. Not a different character, but the same character. So if we want to know how would God act in on earth, we just got to look at Jesus. That's true. Hallelujah. Amen. And that nature was in Jesus's body. He didn't have a sin nature. So when he was tempted, did he fall into sin? No. He overcame. What did Jesus do when he was tempted? He quoted the word. Quoted the word. Thank God he did it. Praise God. Hallelujah. He defeated Satan every place, every time, any day. Jesus defeated him every time so that we can defeat Satan. Amen. Brother Ram said, "The weakest Christian can defeat Satan any day of the week, any time, any place, anywhere, by simply doing what Jesus said, quote the word of God. It is written, Satan." And you and I can defeat Satan on any grounds, even around the bar. Right, Brother Gary? You can defeat Satan by standing outside the bar. Praise God. You can defeat him in your car if he's trying to tempt you there, on the job, in the school, wherever you are. You can defeat Satan any place, anytime, anywhere, because God's given you the word nature in your soul. Praise God. Hallelujah. But you're different. You still remain the sin nature when you get saved or filled with the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. But look at that. God precisely put all of his character in Jesus Christ. So Jesus was tender. Jesus was kind. Jesus was forgiving. But sometimes he was stern, too. That's the part most churches don't like. But the churches should be aware of that. Hallelujah. Jesus flipping tables over and saying, "This is not how church should be. Our house should be a house of prayer." Hallelujah. It's not a house of merchandise to get rich and and and and uh deceive people uh and try to take money from people. That's not why God's house was made. God's house is to be a house of prayer, mercy, and judgment, and truth, and integrity, and character. For the people of God to contact God, and for God to put his spirit into their souls. Hallelujah. Amen. In other words, for God to engrave his nature in your life. How many want God to do that today? God's not done with you and I. God's not done. He still wants to engrave his character into your heart today. What does it take? It takes humility. It takes repentance and it takes obedience. Hallelujah. And God can carve his nature. Well, I don't pray enough. I don't read my Bible enough or I get angry too much. Repent and let God carve some patience into your life, some dedication into your life, some diligence into your life, some devotion into your life. Hallelujah. Let God carve that into you because with God all things will be possible. Amen. Hallelujah. Trying to control myself here by God's grace. Sometimes I'm just like clap too loud and spitting all over the place. I'm trying to control myself today. Hallelujah. Gets loud in here. Now, we're not going to read through this, but brother Random read this entire chapter to start the sermon. It was a 2 hour and 17 minute sermon. So, I'm not going to keep you that long today. But put yourself in those days. Would you have went and listened to Brother Brandham preach for two hours and 17 minutes? Or would you have said, "Nah, it's time for lunch." See, church, we got to make sure we're sincere. Hallelujah. Got to make sure we're sincere. But let's look at God's masterpiece just for a moment. In verse two, he had no splendor. So when we, you know, all the pictures when Jesus is born, they got this glow about him. The Bible said he had no splendor. So who are you going to believe? Artist or the Bible? We're going to believe the Bible. He had no beauty. That's why this this is not Jesus, but it's just the artist's rendition of him. But I love it because uh it's it's Hinrich Hoffman's painting from the late 1800s. We love this picture. We know it's not Jesus, but it reminds us of Jesus. In the full picture, though, he's looking away from the rich young ruler. He's trying to talk to the rich young ruler about forsaking everything. And the rich young ruler is all handsome. He's all clean shaven. He's got beautiful clothes on. He's young and he just looks beautiful. And Jesus looks all, we'd say, scruffy. He looks tired, worn out. Look at the bags under his eyes. And so this is the closest image that that we found. And brother Ram said when he had two visions of Jesus, he looked very similar to this. Hallelujah. And so we we want to remember that that that artists paint Jesus a certain way, but God painted his masterpiece differently. And if Jesus was here today, he wouldn't be the most handsome preacher behind the pulpit. He would he would not be anything like that. I tried to do my hair today and dress up nice and make sure I shaved a little bit, but Jesus had no beauty that we would desire him. All of you sisters got out your nicest dress or one of your nicest dresses. Brothers got out, Malachi looks pretty nice today. But Jesus had no beauty that we would desire him. That was God's thinking. That was God's masterpiece. And I'm not saying you should come to church looking scruffy. I'm not saying that. Take care of yourself. But I just want you to see how God formed his masterpiece different than what we thought. He was despised and rejected by everyone. Now that must include the women. Now we know the women went to the cross too. But right but there would there would have been some point in there where they were fearful and afraid. Right? He was rejected by everyone. Now eventually they came to the cross. But Jesus bore our sins. The Bible said he was smitten of God. Just like Michelangelo's statue was smitten, right? When Michelangelo got so inspired, it was such a masterpiece, he had to smite it because he was expecting it to speak. God did the same with Jesus. He was wounded. I love that. He was bruised for our iniquities. We've been preaching on iniquities lately. And I got a good testimony. I'm going to read it at the end to make sure I don't forget to I got a good testimony about those iniquity sermons. Yeah, because church, this is something we can all relate to. Iniquity is wickedness when you know what's right and wrong. We all do things wrong when we know we shouldn't do them. But God makes a way to forgive even the purposeful sins. That's God's rich mercy. Praise God. That's why we love him. That's why we praise him. That's why we sing. Because God is merciful despite our sins and our purpose. rejection sometimes of his word. Hallelujah. The Bible said in verse six, he took all of our iniquity. So if Satan's trying to convince you you got a little hanging on, just confess it. And then you know he can't hold it against you any longer. Hallelujah. Just confess everything. Say, "God, forgive me of my past. Forgive me of last week. Forgive me of that. Lord, forgive me. Uh I know I'm guilty. I I deserve punishment, but I believe Jesus has taken my place. Forgive me. and don't let the devil beat me up with my past sins anymore. Hallelujah. Because Jesus paid for all of my iniquities. The Bible said he's like a lamb. This is God's masterpiece. A lamb, a sheep. The Bible said he was cut off, stricken. There was no deceit in his mouth. He wasn't trying to deceive anybody with his words to get a little one up on them. He wasn't trying to convince them uh in in any sinful or prideful or selfish purposes. He said everything with the purest intentions. That's what we need. Praise God. Hallelujah. The Bible said it ple pleased God to bruise him just like Michelangelo was was pleased to smite that. He was overtaken by that. And the Bible says this. Let's read 11 and 12. These are just some beautiful verses. He shall see the travail of his soul. So God shall see his son's travail and he shall be satisfied. See, Jesus's sacrifice satisfied God's wrath. The Bible says we're no longer under the wrath of God. God doesn't hold wrath against us. God has love for us. Hallelujah. Jesus paid for the wrath of God. By his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many. Justify means to declare righteous as one would wish to be in a court setting. Right? If you were in court and you were guilty, your knees would be knocking. You what's my judgment going to be? But Jesus stepped in and paid the fine. Praise God. So, we don't need to be nervous about eternal life. Jesus has paid the fine. He's justified us. Jesus has declared us righteous. Hallelujah. For he shall bear their iniquities. Jesus took my iniquities on him at the cross. Jesus took your iniquities on him at the cross. Therefore, I will divide him a portion with the great. He gets to reign a thousand years in the millennium. Hallelujah. Jesus Christ gets to do that. He gets a portion with the great. Hallelujah. He rules all nations with a rod of iron for a thousand years. Hallelujah. And then there's that mysterious verse we've talked about. Austin and I talked about it. 1 Corinthians 15. At some point, once we're in that pyramid-shaped New Jerusalem, Jesus will turn the kingdom back to the father. Now, somebody tell me that mystery. I got a feeling we're not going to know that till we get there. Praise God. The Bible said the son will turn and give the kingdom back to the father. Hallelujah. Amen. The Bible says in verse 12, finishing verse 12, he shall divide the spoil with the strong. See, what were the spoils of the cross? Forgiveness, healing. And that's what we had today. Brother Gary's soul's been healed. Right, Sister Beatatric's soul's been healed. My soul's been healed. Your soul's been healed. We have the spoils of Jesus' victory. Hallelujah. The joy of the Lord, the peace of God, the faith of Jesus. We have all these spoils of what Jesus fought and paid for on the cross. We gain from all of his labor. Hallelujah. We gain from all of his his battles and everything he fought to to die for, live for, died for. We get the benefits of his sacrifice. Hallelujah. because he hath poured out his soul unto death and he was numbered with the transgressors and he bare the sins of many and made intercession for the transgressors. So that's what Jesus did. Jesus went to the father for us. Jesus was uh the intercessor between God and man. As Tim as Paul says in the book of Timothy, there's one ma mediator between God and man. It's the man Christ Jesus. If there's any separation in your heart towards God, go to Jesus. Jesus is your intercessor. Hallelujah. He bore your sins. Hallelujah. He paid your price for your sins. He's, the Bible said, he's ready to pardon you. Amen. This is God's masterpiece. And the church said, "This is God's masterpiece." Hallelujah. Oh, much greater than Michelangelo. Billions, trillions. We don't even know what trillion means anymore with our national debt. We don't even know what it means. But but God's masterpiece is trillions times greater than Michelangelo or your ability to teach or your ability to be a mechanic or something like that. This is God's masterpiece to us. Hallelujah to the lamb of God. I'm glad he loves me. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. I found this on uh YouTube and I just from time to time I just look at I think this is God's masterpiece. He hung there for you and I if I'll just make it real to us. He hung there for Aander and Tulsi. For everyone, all the new ones that have been here just got here and all of us older ones. Hallelujah. He hung there for us. This is a masterpiece. And I'm not talking about the wood or the brass, whatever it's made out of. I'm talking about when Jesus died on the cross. That was God's masterpiece. An excellent, skillful work that could not be topped by anyone. Hallelujah. And I'd like to say that today, Lord Jesus, thank you today for everything you've done for me and my family and this church. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you. I don't do it enough, brother Mercy. I got to do it more. Thank you, Jesus, for all you've done for saving a rest like me. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. God's masterpiece. If you don't like seeing blood, you don't you probably want to close your eyes just for a moment here. But in 2005, I saw the movie The Passion. And this was Mel Gibson's closest idea he could get to what would it look like? And I cried during the movie. I still cry when I think of what God's masterpiece went through to save my soul. The Bible said he was marred more than any man. That's pretty awful. But that that that wasn't even close to what Jesus looked like. There's another verse I couldn't find this morning, but I have to go look. I should have asked the internet. But there's a verse where the Bible said he didn't even resemble a man. I know David said, "I'm more as a worm than a man." And David was prophesying of Christ. So he looked much worse than this. That was God's masterpiece. How different from most churches today, right? How they might present Jesus. But this was God's masterpiece. This is what God was trying to show. He said, "For God so loved, God was expressing. This is my love toward mankind. This is what your sins deserve, but I'm going to pay the price for you." Hallelujah. So you don't have to pay it. Praise God. And church, you know, despite God's masterpiece, sometimes, church, it's a reality. We all struggle with whether we're saved or not, despite what we've read, right? The devil's working on us. You know, the Bible said there's times and seasons where Satan comes to tempt us and so forth. But despite all that, we read Isaiah 53. And despite all the scriptures we've been preaching on about iniquities, we still struggle with it. And our only answer is that God wants to renew our minds. Hallelujah. The Bible not doesn't say once a week God's going to renew your mind. Yes, you should go to church once a week. I'd recommend more. Hallelujah. I go at least twice. The more you're in the house of God, the better you're going to be as long as you have sincerity and truth. Hallelujah. But the Bible says uh in uh uh 2 Corinthians 4, if I'm not mistaken, the Bible says that we're renewed in our spirits day by day. Paul says that's the phrase, day by day. Every day we must renew our minds and remember what did God's masterpiece accomplish. And let's remember the cross was a masterpiece. Because the devil tries to make us think it wasn't enough. Surely it was enough, church. Surely the cross was enough. Hallelujah. to cover all of our sins, all of our iniquities, each one of our past. God has paid the price for that and it is forgiven by faith in the blood of Jesus Christ. Romans 3:25 plainly says that faith in the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. You know, and in this sermon, Brother Random uh he talks about while while before he came out to preach, if you ever been to the tabernacle there, he's got an office, you know, just right off from the pulpit. And he had interviews. There were so many people, he had hundreds of peoples that want that wanted interviews with him. A sister named Sister Bruce had an interview. And brother Bram asked her if they could record it. They recorded it. It's beautiful. If you haven't listened to it, I encourage you to listen to it. It's just like a 10-minute audio. And in this interview, our sis, the sister Bruce, she said,"I just don't feel like I'm saved. How can I be good enough and I don't have the Holy Ghost?" And brother Ram said, "God showed me in a vision you are born again." But she just couldn't accept it because of her own faults. Anybody, you don't have to raise your hand. Don't raise your hand. But some of us might be in that camp. We beat ourselves up so much that we wonder if we're born again. That's an awful camp to be in, right? That's a that's a hard thing to fight. But it's also hard to think, I'm so good. Of course, I'm born again. That's an awful That's another bad state to be in. We need right down the middle. Praise God. I'm a sinner saved by grace, but I'm a child of God. I'm doing everything I can to walk in the power of the Holy Spirit. Daily confessing my sin. Daily being sincere. Hallelujah. Daily telling the truth. And so, you can hear it on tape. She's almost cried. She like, "Brother Bam, but I just don't have an experience." So, Brother, Brother Bam said, "Let me pray that God will let you speak in tonesues so that you can have an experience." And brother Bam said later, Brother Bam says, he said, "Uh, she's a person that needs to speak in tonesues." So, brother, brother Bam thought God would let her do it. But he said, "Some people aren't like that. They can have assurance just because they had a different kind of experience." In other words, God will give you the experience that you need. Don't doubt that because Thomas was like that. Right. Thomas said, "I'm not going to believe unless I can see those prints in his palms and the and the and the piercing of his side." So, what did Jesus do? I'll give it to you. That's a loving God, right? That's a masterpiece right there. Amen. God giving us what we need to believe. Church, we can't believe on our own. The Bible even says in Ephesians chapter 2, "Faith is a gift from God." Hallelujah. Just the ability to believe in Jesus Christ is a gift. Hallelujah. Amen. Children, we're halfway to Christmas. We're going to get some more gifts. Hallelujah. So, think about that. You're going to get You don't even deserve it. Well, some of you do. You know, I guess in some ways. Caris has really been working hard. She deserves some gifts this year. Making me eggs and making breakfast for everybody. But in all reality, you know, we're all sinners. We don't really deserve gifts. But we're g we're given faith just to believe. It's a gift. We don't deserve it. And yet God gives it to us. So it's true for us. Whatever you need to believe, you keep seeking God for it. I believe and the Bible believes. The Bible teaches God will give it to you. What do you need to believe? Ask God for it. God will give it to you. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Uh before I would believe, and I've told this many times, but since Tammy here, I thought I might share it. And brother Gary, I needed something to believe that I was called to preach. When I first started preaching in 2004, I needed something to believe. And so, uh, Brother Brooks invited me to preach. I didn't ask to preach. He invited me to preach. And he said, "You can preach a Sunday night service in Lima." I said, "Okay." So, that week after, uh, two days during that week, I fasted the whole day. And after work, after work at school, it was in January. Oh, no. Actually, that's right. I was out of school. Okay. Yeah. So, I just had all day. That was nice. Litty was around. Little Babster. And so Kristen was very kind and gracious as a godly wife is. And she let me go study, pray, fast. Two days I got to fast. And heading into that Sunday night service, I was the most nervous person that I I've ever felt as far as my own self the most nervous I've ever been. But I just cried and prayed and I felt myself shaking. I felt the spirit of God on me. I said, "God, just vindicate. Just show me if I'm called to preach." Right? And I got up there and preached there in Lima. And at the end of the service, uh, the whole altar was filled with people weeping and crying. Brethren would come up and tell me, "I got delivered from video games. I got delivered from cigarettes. I got delivered from all these things." See, those are evil spirits trying to take, they're trying to take your focus away off of Jesus. Hallelujah. And just people weeping and crying. And that happened the first two times I preach in Lima. So God gave me what I needed so I keep preaching even when people don't come to the altar because it's not about it's not about what I need to know. It's not about I have to have people at the altar every time. I just want to be faithful to what God called me to do. Amen. Hallelujah. We all go through seasons of life. Praise God. We all gone through seasons where we see more miracles, seasons where we don't see any miracles. Thank God we have seasons of life, though. It keeps us balanced in the word of God. Hallelujah. Keeps us thankful for the good times. The hard times, right? We got to have the hard times to be thankful for the good times. Now, as hard as this is to say, I'm thankful for CO because now CO's over and we've lived through CO, right? I'm thankful. As hard as is to say, I'm thankful because now we got more freedoms back. Now we don't know how long it's going to last. People got things up their sleeves all the time. But I needed that just like Thomas need. I need to see it. And remember Thomas after he got that, he was no longer doubting. He took the gospel further than anybody else. So don't let anybody talk bad about Thomas around you. At least don't believe it. If you can't stand up for Thomas, just don't believe him. Because after God dissolved his doubt, he was the greatest missionary as far as distance out of all the apostles. That's a true man of God. And what have you, what have you and I done for missionary work. We haven't done as much as Thomas. Right? Amen. Now, brother says, "Now we find that the antivian world, so days of Noah, come along and destroyed the whole thing because the covenants that was made was continually if you'll do this or if you'll do that." So, brother's getting into covenants. God the great sculptor. So now he's talking about Christ seeing that man could not keep a covenant. He just can't do it. Right? Adam and Eve couldn't keep the covenant. Right? They just couldn't do it. He just can't do it. There's just no way at all because he's got a sin nature. And brother Bam said talking about Sister Bruce on the interview a few moments ago. I was speaking to a person in the room that's present now. Speaking of the Sister Bruce, an older sister. She said, "Bro, Brother Brandham, I have so many things I know that's wrong. A godly little woman." on the audio, you can hear her tell her, "I've seen you in a vision. God, let me see you in a vision. You're born again now." Brother Brother Ram's visions came true. Brother Gary, Brother Ram saw a vision of United States Church dancing to rock and roll with very little clothes on. And look what they wear today in the churches, dancing to rock and roll. That was in 1965. And I asked my mom about that. I said, "Mom, you were in the Assemblies of God." That's what brother was talking about. Pentecostal church. I said, "Were they playing rock and roll in Assemblies of God?" My mom's like, "No, I didn't see it till about year 2000." So, Brother Bam told that in advance 35 years because it was a vision from God. Right? I told you the story of Tom Brown. Tom Brown, he's passed away now, but Chris and I stayed at his house one night there in Lima and he said, "I was struggling with serpent seed and baptism." And I went to have an interview with brother Brandham and this is the story. I went listen to it. They had the conversation for 15 minutes. Brother Brother Tom Brown asked him all the questions and brother Brandham said, "Okay, praise God. We're done. All your questions answered." He said, "Yes." Brother Rams had the piece of paper. He took the piece of paper, slid it across the table. Tom Brown picked it up and said, "Oh, these are all the questions I had before." Brother Ram wrote them down before Tom Brown got there. Because God showed him visions. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. So, Brother Ram had a vision of Sister Bruce. But look, sister, you don't look at yourself. I love what Brother says, "Don't look at yourself." So, Sister Bruce is like, "Look, looking looking." Church, all she need to do is do this. Am I going to make it now, church? How how much closer to God would we live if we did this every day? I'm not talking about just looking at a literal picture. But if we stop looking at all of ourselves, oh, look at this stain. And look at this. Oh, my just a mess. If we stop doing this and just look to Christ, how much closer will we live to God? She's I have so many things wrong. There's so many things wrong in my life. Brother Ram said, ' Don't look at yourself. It's just, you know, he tries to summarize it. It's what's your desire is and what you try to do for God. If you really love the Lord, you try to serve him with all your heart. That's Jesus's greatest commandment. Love the Lord your God with all your heart, soul, mind, and strength. And then all your mistakes is hid in the blood of Jesus Christ. See, he made a way. I'm glad he made a way for me, church. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Doesn't the Bible say that when we get baptized, the Bible said we're buried with him in baptism wherein also you're risen with him. So, we're buried our the old person, our old nature or our desire dies. And we're risen through the faith of the operation of God. It's God's operation. It's God's work. God's the one that gives us a new heart. God gives us faith. whom he hath raised from the dead. And you being dead in your sins, and the uncircumcision of your flesh hath he quickened. Let's all say quicken. Ready? Quicken. Quicken means to make alive, something that's dead. So our lives were dead in sin. But after we're baptized, the Bible said he's quickened us together with him. So we have the same spirit that was on Jesus. It now comes on us. And church, he's forgiven you all your trespasses. Oh, if we could just believe that today. Hallelujah. The Bible said he blotted out. So like the erasing of the handwriting of ordinances that was against us. Jesus blotted it out. He erased it. He did away with it. It was contrary. It was against us, contrary to us, and took it out of the way. And it was nailed to his cross. Paid in full. Hallelujah. The price of all of our sins was paid by the blood of Jesus Christ. That's what the word ransom means. It's a payment, right? We, you know, in the in the world, I saw all kinds of ransom movies. You know, somebody would get abducted and then so somebody had the good guy had to pay the bad guy some ransom money, right? Bunch of nonsense. But that's what Jesus did. Jesus paid the ransom. And that's actually what the word ransom means. It's you go into a uh you go into a pawn shop and you pay money to get something out of the market and now it's yours. And that's what Jesus did. He went down to hell, right? The Bible says he preached to the spirits in prison and he took the keys of death in hell and he rose and he took the Old Testament saints with him. He brought them out of prison. Hallelujah. Proving that their sins were forgiven because he took them out of prison. That's how our lives are. When we get victory over the prison of our sins, that's just proof we're forgiven. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hope I'm not wearing you out. I'm not even at an hour. But he took it out of the way. He nailed it to his cross. And Jesus said when he had received the vinegar, he said those words, "It is finished." It's got three Greek definitions. That's the first part of it. It's the word uh tell eo. I can't even say it. I'm not I'm not a Hebrew scholar or Greek scholar. But I like this last one. It's finished means to pay. Christ satisfied God's justice by dying for all the sins of the saints. These sins can never let's say never. Ready? Never. Your sins can never be punished again since that would violate God's justice. How can God punish you for his sins when Jesus already took the punishment? Praise God. It's impossible. It would be against the nature of God. Oh, church, we ought to feel free today. We ought to feel forgiven. We ought to feel accepted in the beloved. Hallelujah. God has accepted us in heaven because of the work of Jesus Christ. I love these uh simple Bible messages. Don't you? I love these masterpiece messages. And what did God do? God told his masterpiece to speak the word. Remember when Jesus was on Mount Transfiguration? We looked at it recently. Moses and Elijah, their theophony or celestial bodies the Bible calls them. They came down to talk to Jesus about his death. They prepared him for his death. And there came a voice out of the cloud saying, "This is my beloved son. Hear him." Jesus is God's perfect masterpiece because God said, "Speak or hear him." So, do you see the similarity between Michelangelo and Jesus? Michelangelo was a type of God the Father smiting the son of God. Hallelujah. Michelangelo saw the reality of it. He said, "Speak." And that's what God did. God saw Jesus Christ and God said, "Speak." Hallelujah. And church, these words are so powerful. If you didn't put them on your lips yet today, put them on your lips. Jesus said, "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life." You want some life in your life? Start speaking the word of God. Hallelujah. When was the last time you spoke the word of God against your temptations, against your uh depression or anxiety or temptations or lust or greed or guilt or shame? When was the last time you spoke the word against those evil spirits? Do it, church. You'll get the victory. Hallelujah. Don't just stand there. Speak the word of God. John 12:48, the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last days. So, not only does the word give life, the word will actually judge us as well. Hallelujah. Their life or judgment. Paul said the same thing. Paul's word. So, this is where now we know all scripture will judge us either for the good or the wrong, right? I'm sorry, the good or the bad. Most people don't know that. But Paul's letters will be the judgment standard for us. In other words, the whole Bible will be judged. Did we repent of our sins? Did we let God have full control of our lives? Did we love the Lord our God with all of our heart, soul, mind, and strength? That'll be the judgment, right? But we know the Bible says if we're saved, we're judged for rewards. Hallelujah. Because the sin's already been paid for. And the church said, "Amen. We will never go to be judged for punishment. Jesus already took it. will be judged for what rewards we get. But we all believe the greatest reward uh you know don't talk to me so much about crowns and nations. Talk to me just let me see Jesus. Just let me worship him. Praise God. That's the greatest reward you could give me. Praise God. As brother Ram said, let me just give me 10,000 years laying at the feet of Jesus, kissing the feet of Jesus. That will be enough a reward for me. Praise God. Oh my. Glory to God. Hallelujah. That will be enough. Just let me see him. Hallelujah. Just let me say thank you, Jesus, for what you've done for me. Paul said, "I certify you, brethren. The gospel which was preached of me is not after man." Paul's letters were not man's words. They were God's words. For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ. So, we know all scripture, Jesus' words, Paul's words, they'll be the judgment standard. For us, it'll be judgment for rewards. For the disobedient, it'll be judgment unto the lake of fire, right? And there's greater damnations in hell. As Jesus said, the Pharisees get the greater damnation because they held the key of knowledge, but they kept people from getting to it. So preachers have the greatest responsibility. I have the greatest responsibility in this congregation because I am preaching God's word. God, let me do it with the sincerity and truth that I should have. Hallelujah. That's why I pray. That's why I seek God. Now, brother Brandham here likens himself to Michelangelo, not to God. So, watch your types there. Watch your watch your types and shadows in your parallels. So, Michelangelo worked for all those years to create a masterpiece. And brother Ram is now going to tell us and I'm we're already almost at an hour. This is kind of the clo kind of near the close, but don't but don't me. It's kind of near the close. So other words, Michelangelo worked for all those years and brother said, "I've worked for all these years on something too and it was an actual teaching from the Bible." In other words, God for years, God was showing him more and more and more about different teachings in the scripture. You might be surprised because I when I when I was listening to this, I was like, "Oh my goodness, I had forgotten. I've listened to this before, of course, but I'd forgotten it." And you might be surprised. What was Brother Brandham's masterpiece? Now, church, I look at I've joked around with my wife. I've written two books, but that last one, the second one, that was 800 pages. I've joked around with my wife wife and said, "That's my masterpiece on it. I ain't going to write anything better than that, as far as I know. I can't even believe I wrote that thing." But, you know, you might look at uh you fixed up a car, that might be your masterpiece. Right? Each one of us, you know, our lives now, your mothers, you fathers, your children are your masterpieces. Hallelujah. All the prayers you put into him, right? All the labor, all the training, all the teaching, right? Like I'm I'm telling Zion, you know, where's Zion? Tell Z Oh, he's sleeping. Oh, he's almost sleeping. I tell Zion, I'm training him. Hey, Zion, put your shoes right here every time. Or Zion, don't leave your socks on the floor. Zion, go take your socks to the dirty basket. Right. All that training. I'm trying to produce a masterpiece where he cleans up after himself. Hallelujah. As parents, God's trying to make us a masterpiece. Hallelujah. Where we can give God glory in our lives. But I want you to see this. Brother Ram wasn't a sculptor. Brother Brham was a preacher. So, let's look at what his masterpiece was. His masterpiece is this idea of a wheat plant. And I'm going to show pictures here in just a minute, but let me read this. And the wheat plant represents the life of the church through the last 2,000 years. So the wheat plant represents the church growing for 2,000 years. I think you'll catch it once I show the picture. Shouldn't be too hard to understand by God's grace. I hope not. Now, and I'll say this, if Gary and and Tammy can catch it, then everybody could catch it because this is their first time here in a long time. All right? And if not, you pray about it. We can have a Bible study about this. I can break it down a little further. I'm probably going to preach multiple, this is probably going to be a series. I'm going to preach multiple sermons on this here. He says, "Now the stalk doesn't look like the seed, right? The stalk's the first part that comes out of the ground. Neither does the tassel or the head part of the wheat plant. Now, Pentecostal brethren throughout the nations, I want you to listen, my brother, if this is the last message I'll ever preach," which it wasn't. But he's saying, "This is my masterpiece." What? Brother Brandham spearheaded the charismatic and Pentecostal revival after the World War II. Uh he was the leader of this and his masterpiece was the wheat plant. Yes sir. Yes sir. The wheat plant because it ties in the seven church ages. It ties in the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Ties in the four beasts up in heaven. It just ties everything all in together. It ties in the statue of perfect man. Do you notice when the wheat, the corn of the wheat falls in the ground. So the seed falls in the ground when it begins to form back to its grain again. So think about a seed of wheat going into the ground and all produces. Think about that whole process to get the seed to come back to seed. That's what brother Ram says. That's my masterpiece. Hallelujah. I was shocked, too. Some of your faces look kind of shocked. No, I'm just kidding. But I was shocked. I was right on the mor like what did I catch that right? I said let me go back and listen to that. He said this was his masterpiece. In other words, for years and years and years he preached to see the reality so the people could see this masterpiece. And church to me it is a masterpiece. I hope it is to you. Watch nature now. Not nature sharp. Nature exactly is God. We love using her names in I like those Bible names. He said God working in nature. It's all he can. Is God working in you today, sister? But from the Pentecostal revival as they think was the seed, it wasn't. So, think of 1906 Isuza Street. They thought that was the seed. They thought God's life had come all the way back to maturity. But I'm saying no, they're still more maturing the church needs to go through. Now, I preached on that two years ago. Isuza Street was a phenomenal revival. In one place, brother Ram called it the second greatest revival since the day of Pentecost. It was such amazing revival, miracles, uh gifts of the Holy Spirit, healing, supernatural. Remember when they first sent their missionaries across the ocean, uh to England and China, they would preach in English and the Chinese and uh the Russians and and the Europeans, they would hear them in their own language without an interpreter. That's just like the day of Pentecost. That's how powerful that revival was. Hallelujah. He said, "But they thought it was a seed, but it wasn't." Now watch. But something come forth like the seed. Now watch what Jesus said in Matthew 24:24. Jesus said, "The two spirits at the last days," now this is a paraphrase, "would be so close together, it would deceive the very elected if it were possible." So, brother said Pentecost was close, but it wasn't quite yet the fullness of the word. Now, here is Brother Ram's masterpiece. Jesus said, "The kingdom of God is like a is like a grain of wheat." In Mark chapter 4, the earth brings forth fruit of herself. First, the blade. So, we'd say this is the blade or the stalk, right? And I had chat GTP make this for me. So, I appreciate AI. Hallelujah. I don't think it's going to take over our lives. The Bible doesn't predict that. We just got to learn to use it the right way. First the blade, then the ear, which now we call it the head. And after that, the full corn or the corn, the seed comes back to its fullness. The fullness of this plant where it started, it produces it again. And church, this is like Jesus resurrection. Jesus was one seed planted, but when he rose, many rose with him. There's not just one seed up here. There's many resurrected with Jesus. Hallelujah. In other words, one seed multiplies and produces many more. And that's what we are. We are the offspring of God. The Bible says we are the seed of God. Hallelujah. The Bible says, "Be born again of the incorruptible seed, the word of God." So, let me say like this. Even our young people, each of us need the seed of God in our souls. That's what you receive when you get the Holy Ghost. You get a spiritual seed and then it starts growing. Right, Brother Gary? Hallelujah. It starts growing. The more you feed that seed, keep it in water, keep it in sunlight, keep it in the ground, the more it grows. God's life should be growing in our lives. Amen. Sorry, got that preacher in me. The loud preacher in me. There's a time to be loud. So these three stages represent Luther's revival in the 1500s, John Wesley's revival in the 1700s, 1800s, and then brother Bram's revival here from the 1940s even to today. Or you could say this represents the seven church ages of Sardis, Philadelphia, and now we're in the Leodysian church age. That's the church age that we're living in as Jesus prophesied in Revelation chapter 2 and three. Hallelujah. So now, can everybody get a good understanding what brother's talking about? This was his masterpiece to see that the church was planted. Glory. The church was planted on the day of Pentecost, right? And that life kept moving up. But what does the life have to do? The life has to eventually bring it back to seed. Can everybody see that? All right. Glory. Now, I'm going to get to this later, but there's all these different elements in here. And I didn't even get to all of them. There's, like I said, there's church ages in here. Uh there's the statue of man that we got hanging up on the wall there. All these Bible truths, but some of these elements are in the masterpiece, the anointed ones of the end time, which we're going to see here shortly. In other words, Jesus said at the end time, there's going to be two groups with the same anointing. The Bible calls them false Christ. Well, Christ means anointed. They're false teachers, but they have the Christ anointing. They have they do God does miracles in their lives just like Balum. There's my hour. They have the right anointing, but they're false teachers. So, see, church, just because people have miracles, that doesn't mean they're saved. That it just means they for a time and season, they stop sinning. They come do miracles. God anoints them to do miracles because they consecrate. They sacrifice for God, but then they go back right into iniquity. Jesus talked about in Matthew chapter 7. He said, "Many will say in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied, spoke in tongues, done many wonderful works in your name?" Jesus never denied it. Jesus said, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I never knew you." In other words, they had miracles. They had all these things. But then when they were done with that, they would go living into their sinful conditions. It's so important to live a clean life when you leave church. Hallelujah. If God is if God does give you some miracle or some gift, thank God for it. But you better live for God Monday through Saturday. Praise God. Just living for God on Sunday is an awful thing to do. It's a dishonest thing to do. That's what workers of iniquity do. They live just they only live godly on Sunday. We should live godly every day of our lives. Hallelujah. If you're married, you're lucky like me. I got a wife to keep me in line, too. Praise God. She'll point out when I'm wrong. I appreciate that. I got children that can point out when I'm wrong, too. Let's say if I'm just walking the flesh or something like that. I'm thankful for that. And I'm there, too, to help out my family. Hallelujah. But brother also uses this uses this to show how denominations now the systems are dead. People can still get saved in them, but the systems themselves are dead because they write up their creeds. I'll just use this and and church. I was in denomination. I know that. I mean, I went I went through classes to join the Assemblies of God. They've got they've got their own book outside the Bible. And they said, "You got to believe this, Jesse." And I'm like, "No, I I just got to believe this." Hallelujah. But see, the system's dead. God has moved out of all denominations because they write up their creeds and manuals and bylaws, and that's the only way God's going to work. And he's not going to work outside of that. That's a lie. And that's what that that's what this is. Uh let me get to that one. That I'll just skip ahead just for a moment. That's what this plant shows. God did a great work during during Martin Luther's life. He was filled with the Holy Ghost, but he didn't have all the truth. He still smoked cigars, drank alcohol. He didn't have he didn't have a revelation of living a sanctified life, but he had justification by faith. He brought them out of Romanism. Amen. Thank God for Martin Luther. Amen. He's one I'm going to walk up to and thank you. Martin, you're Martin Luther. Your testimony meant a lot to me on earth. Hallelujah. I'm I like using you, buddy, because you sit right up here. He's another one. Martin Luther, I'm going to thank thank you for standing against Romanism. Hallelujah. And then I walk up to John Wesley because you know Luther can only live a certain time. And then God said, I'm I'm going to take this life and I'm going to bring it into the head. It's the same life. But notice here's what brother says. The life left the stalk. Eventually the life leaves the stalk and it goes up into the head. And that was John Wesley. John Wesley's like, "You better live a clean life now, church. He was really strict. You couldn't even drink coffee. Now, I don't see I wouldn't have been a good Methodist. But you you couldn't. I went to Charles Finny's church over there in Oberlin. They had to swear, I will not drink tea or coffee. That's how that was extreme, right? Because we know now we have liberty of the Holy Ghost. But they were so and sure they live short lives. I don't blame them. You know, they they didn't have proper hygiene and all these things. I mean, the the average lifespan was very very short. And they didn't understand science, germs, all these things. But they were so they they they they learned. In other words, the life moved up and now it's something new. Now, oh, we got to live closer to God. We shouldn't drink. We shouldn't smoke cigars. God revealed more of that to John Wesley and church. They hated him. They threw him out of churches. They threw pumpkins and tomatoes at him and all because he said, "You got to live a holy life." Who threw the pumpkins and everything? Lutheran that didn't move on to more truth of God. And the church said, No, was there a there was no doubt some good people in there. There are still are. Right. Tammy uh Tammy Kristen were in the Lutheran church and my mom's still in the uh uh my mom's still in the summies of God. There's good people, same people in there. But see, when a church I'm talking about a church system, when they fail to accept more of the Bible, God has to move on because that's what God said. The kingdom of God is like unto a wheat plant. That's brother Ram's masterpiece. So what did John Wesley say? He said, uh, live a life of dedication and consecration and sanctification. But that was wonderful. But that wasn't it. There was still chaff. I'm going back here. There was still chaff. And brother Ram said that was Isuza Street. It was so close. But church, we preached on that. What did they do? Pretty soon they they said, "Okay, everybody's got to speak in tongues." That was the chass mistake right there. They now that's what that's why I left the denomination of Assemblies of God. That pastor told me, I love my pastor. I love my former pastor. He said, "Jesse, you got to speak in tongues." I said, and I went to the Bible. I said, 'The Bible says not all speak with tongues. So I said, "Pastor, what about that?" He said, "Well, that's what we believe." I said, "Okay, pastor, I love you, but I can't I'm not going to join the church." Even at that, even before I heard brother's message, I knew that was wrong because that's chaff. The life, the life was once in there. God's life was in there once, but now it's matured. It's moving on. time is going on and the the life has now come into the seed. And what is the seed? The seed is the full revelation of God's word that God had brother Brandham preach. Hallelujah. It's all these revelations of water baptism. Baptism is to be performed in the name of Jesus Christ. God is one person. Hallelujah. Women are not called to preach. Hallelujah. Uh the rapture is pre-tribulation rapture. Hallelujah. All these hell is not eternal. How can you burn eternally if you don't have eternal life? And the Bible said the only way to have eternal life is to believe in Jesus. God would be unjust to make somebody burn eternally for only sinning for a few decades. Right? And that was the Catholic. The Catholics made that up. And I'm not bashing individuals. I'm bashing the system. Hallelujah. The creeds and the bylaws. Everybody understand? See, the chaff is so close similar to what the wheat was, but it pulls away from the seed. And here's the verse brother used to talk about. It's beautiful. As many as I love in Leodysia, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him, and he with me. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne even as I also overcame and sat down with my father in his throne. So here's what brother Random observed. Brother Ram said the church didn't have Christ. Right? Because Christ is knocking trying to get back in. Right? He's outside the church. He's trying to get back in the church. Okay? He's outside the church just like the chaff when it pulls apart it doesn't have the seat anymore. Isn't that beautiful? The seed comes out of the chaff. The dominations reject the word. So this is what happened when when uh this is what happened when when Martin Luther was here, right? Martin Luther was the seed, but he this was the chaff, the old system was Romanism. Luther was the life. Hallelujah. John Wesley was the life coming out of the old Lutheran system. Hallelujah. Amen. The Zuza Street was the new life coming out of the old Methodist system. And what we call the message of the hour is the new life coming out of Pentecostalism, the denomination. I hope you see it today by God's grace. Hallelujah. So now we can see the two previous uh parts die, but the life stays in the seed. Hallelujah. This shows the life of the Holy Ghost passing through the church ages. And brother Bram said, "That's my masterpiece." In other words, God gave him a revelation just like God gave uh Martin Luther the the revelation of the just shall live by faith. You know where he got that, church? He got that out of Habach in the Old Testament. He He's reading the Old Testament. Then he goes to Romans and he sees it's repeated. and he's and he's a he's a he's a Catholic monk or he's a Catholic priest on his knees with the prayer beads and he realizes God gives him revelation. I don't have to do this. I don't have to get forgiven by uh prayer beads. I'm forgiven by the blood of Jesus. I'm forgiven by faith. Hallelujah. And it caused the revival. The life left there. The life went through Martin Luther and here it comes. And even now to us, we should be grateful. The life is with us. Hallelujah. I know because I went to all all similar churches like this. When I first got saved, I went to a very similar Lutheran church, but I saw they didn't have the full life of Christ. They uh the churches allow them to live in sin, commit fornication, uh watch dirty movies, smoke and drink and cuss and all these. A Christian, the Bible says a Christian shouldn't do those things. The Bible says if you say cuss words, then your religion's in vain. And yet, and then people watch movies filled with all these cuss words. How can they enjoy that? If you got the spirit of Christ, you can enjoy that. And I saw that. And so it's like I went through this myself, brother Mercy, in my own life. I went through this and then I went through more that were more dedicated. And of course, I was raised in that. I knew what that was. I knew there was power. God healed my my mom cancer. I know there's power. It it was I know there's power in the Pentecostal movement. But when they say you got to speak in tonesues and church, I tried to speak in tonesues and I didn't do it. I tried. I tried. And that's because the Bible said no man can add one cubit to his stature. Whatever gift is inside of you, that's the gift God that's God's going to come out in that gift. Hallelujah. You can't add one gift to your life. Whatever God wants you to be, it's already in you when you're born. Tulsi and Vander already got those gifts inside of their lives. Amen. We're just going to see what it is. Like we're seeing Jen's gift right now in Victoria on the music, right? Music is a gift of healing. And the church said, "When they play music, it sets us free from mind battles and uh doubt, unbelief, just like David played the harp and it set Saul free from the evil spirits that tormented him." Hallelujah. I know I'm going long. I'm Okay. Hour and 10 minutes. All right. Okay. Let me uh close. How many more? Let me see how many slides I got here. I got a lot here. Okay. Well, let me just show this for uh Brother Gary and just for us. So in other words, the gentile bride is God's masterpiece. So these this is the church ages since 53 AD. That's about 20 years after the day of Pentecost all the way up till today. Jesus's seven letters to the seven church ages were they were prophetic. They were actual letters to the churches around 100 AD. But they were also prophetic because revelation is a book of prophecy. So as the life of God, that's the white part, the life of God moves through the the the wheat plant. So that light moves through these circles or these we call them suns or moons or whatever they might be just circles. Okay everybody understand by God's grace and God sent these messengers Paul Iranius Martin Columbus Martin Luther John Wesley and we put brother Brandham there because he spoke with thus sayith the Lord. I have a video at least six times he said thus sayith the Lord and it came to pass. Sometimes 10 years later sometimes 35 years later like I told you he was a prophet of God. Who else do you know that said thus sayith the Lord and it came to pass? I don't know anybody other than the Bible. And then of course the proof of that was he gave us pure Bible doctrine. Hallelujah. Now brother Ram then brings it to us church. You were smitten out. Right? Just like God's masterpiece was smitten. So were you smitten out. You're you're a part of God's masterpiece. In other words, because the Bible said, "I've heuned them by my prophets." So God used prophets to cut out believers. In other words, to separate his faithful followers from those that don't want to be faithful. And that's what Jesus said. Chris, remember we did this, brother? Think not that I'm come to send peace on the earth. Everybody thinks, "Oh, when I become a Christian, everything's going to be peaceful." It's exactly the opposite. Jesus said, "I came not to send peace, but a sword." And what sword? Truth. The word. I came to bring truth. And what it'll do, it'll set a man against his father, a daughter against her mother, the daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law, a man's foe shall be they of his own household. He that loveth father more than me is not worthy me. He that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy me. And he that taketh not his cross, so he we have a daily dying we must do. We have a daily cross we must take up and follow after me is not worthy of me. He that finds his life shall lose it. He that loses his life for my sake shall find it. Amen. Hallelujah. So other words, to find, you have to lose. If you lose, you win. I say like you got to lose if you want to win. Hallelujah. I'm going to skip ahead. I'm going to try to close here. And now, church, see, God's people are called to speak as well because we're part of God's masterpiece. Now, I'm kind of going too fast here at the end, but I just want you to understand, you are part of God's masterpiece. God wants you to speak the word of God. God's masterpiece is this church for the last 2,000 years. Aren't you glad you're part of it? God cut believers out of Ephesus, Samrna, Pergamos. He cut them out there, right? All the way down Sardis, Philadelphia. And now God's cutting believers out of the church systems, right? And he's bringing them to him. He's cutting them out, making them separate to manifest all the seed life, all the word of God. We just don't want to believe some of the word. We want to believe all the word, the life, the original life of the seed. In other words, we want to be a book of acts church just like the book of acts church in Acts chapter 2. So see what what can you say church? You can say to people come hear the word of God. Come pray with me. Come let's do a Bible study, right? Come pray. Come seek God. Because the Bible said the spirit, the Holy Spirit and the bride. Who's the bride? The woman who's going to marry Jesus, the church. The spirit and the bride say, "Come." Let him that hear us say, "Come." And let him that is a thirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely. See, the this the the Bible truths we're preaching today is life. That's why when we go often to older denominations, we don't hear a lot of life in their sermons because they haven't accepted the life. They haven't accepted the full truth of God's word. Hallelujah. That that's why God brought me through that that whole leaf plant system myself. I went through I went through that whole thing to until now I can see the seed. I can see the word. I can see the life of Jesus Christ. The real life I should live. Hallelujah. Brother Bam says, "Yes, sir. The church is no longer the mouthpiece of God." Speaking about the stalk or the head, right? Or the chaff. That's not the life of God because God is bringing it back to his seed. We're in the time of the finishing of the seed. It is the church is its own mouthpiece. So God is turning on her. He will confound her through the prophet and the bride. For the voice of God will be in her. Because we just read it. Yes, it is. For it says in the last chapter of Revelation verse 17, the spirit and the bride say come once more. The world will hear direct from God as at Pentecost. But of course that word bride will be repudiated as in the first church age. And I want you to I want you to encourage with with this as well. There's some people that that they say, "Well, only Brother Brandham's the voice of God or only Billy Graham's the voice of God." Or, in other words, that they try to say, "Well, you'll never be the voice of God." Church, every one of you, God can use your voice for his glory. And brother Ram taught that. Brother Graham never said, "I'm the only voice of God." Like they try to say today or you should only listen to uh any preacher. You can put any preacher name and Joel Ostein or TD Jake or what John MacArthur. They're the voice of God. As the Bible says, we can all be voices of God. God wants you to speak. God wants me to speak for him. I just want you to see this. It might encourage you today. I was talking about the the educated denominations. Yeah. They've been to Bible school. We're so smart, right? We know the Bible from generation to generation. And yet they think an apple caused all the sin in the world. They think an apple. And brother said, "If it was an apple, let's pass them out again so these women know they're naked out on the streets." Right? It wasn't an apple. It was adultery. Because as soon as they ate that fruit, the fruit of adultery, now God tells the serpent, "You've got seed. She's got seed." Seed means offspring. As soon as they ate of the fruit, it was it was symbolism. As soon as they partake of that fruit, now we got two offsprings. Well, how did that happen? It wasn't it wasn't even that's God's words. That's not what Adam said. That's what God said. God started the serpent seed teaching. People don't know that, right? They just they're so smart that they're they're caught up in their own creeds and denominations. And that's what Jesus said in Matthew 15. They make their traditions the doctrines of men. Therefore, their vain is worship. And the church said, "So many people are giving vain worship today because they've created their own creeds and and they won't accept the life of God, the truth of God's word." That's just one of the many, many. Now, I'm just going to skip down here. Jesus said, "I am my father one." And then Jesus said, "I and them and thee in me." God speaks through him. He's no more his own, but he's God's voice through human lips. Hallelujah. And listen, church, every believer in him tonight is likewise possessed or filled, so completely given over till his words become like the words of Christ. Why am I reading this? Because every one of us face battles and trials every day. And God wants you to speak the word of God. God wants you to take the word in, right? Let the spirit speak through you. You're the bride. How many raise your hand if you believe you're the bride of Christ? I believe I'm the wife of Christ. Amen. Hands up. Well, then speak it because the Bible said the spirit and the bride. Say, "Come." We've got to speak the word of God and God's word will give us the victory. Jesus said, "If you have faith and doubt not, and shall not only do I'm sorry, ye shall not only do that which is done to the fig tree, but also if you shall say to this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast in the sea, it shall be done." In all things, whatsoever you shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive. Now, we know this needs balance with God only does what his will is. People can try to speak, well, I want a car or I want a spouse. They can try to speak all these things, but you must let God lead you on what to speak. We just don't speak our fleshly, lustful desires. Now, I want to finish with this. Brother, look how brother prays. I think this is my last two. Yeah, I got these are my last three here. Okay, brother's praying at the end of this. Great father, include us, Lord. If we've sinned, take it away from us. We don't want to be that way, Lord. It's not our intention. We realize we're living in such a horrible, dark way. And as we said at the beginning, we're walking up a mountain through rugged places, dim as the trail, but we're packing the light. Hallelujah. May we see step by step step as we go now until we meet like the pilgrim's progress till we finally catch the top of the hill. Guide us, oh shepherd, great Jehovah, lead us by thy spirit. And we know that we're far from a masterpiece. Look at this. Brother Ram's not saying, "Well, I got it all figured out. Look at me. I'm I'm better than everybody else." No. Brother Ram's honest. I battle sin just like we all battle sin. He says we know we're far from a masterpiece. So let me give you a clue. You and I, we still have a lot of work to do on us so we can become masterpieces of God. Amen. So see the next part is like you got to be smitten too. In other words, you got to go through trials if you want to be a masterpiece, right? And we heard it on the radio, right? A case we heard on the radio this morning, count it all joy when you go through diverse temptations, right? I thought, boy, God's talking to me through the radio again today. Praise God. That's the exact verse that goes with this. We're looking where we were hewed from. Where do we come from? We come from the mind of Christ. He's the real masterpiece. And in him, we trust. Just take us to him, Lord. Grant. And church, what are we really groaning for? The Bible says when we finally get our new body, that's when we'll have no more sin. See, we're groaning. How many are groaning to be a masterpiece? Oh, God. God, I just wish I could do more for you. I wish I was better. I wish I had more zeal. I wish I had more energy. I wish I had more ability to help people. The Bible says that's normal. That's what we should be doing. We should be groaning to be like Christ. For we know that of our earth earthly house of this tabernacle, we're dissolved. We have a building of God and house not made with hands eternal in the heavens. For in this we groan earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven. If so be that being clothed, we shall not be found naked. For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened, not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon that mortality might be swallowed up in life. I just want to live where I don't have to worry about sinning. Hallelujah. Amen. I just want to live where there's no temptation. Hallelujah. Amen. And I can just glorify God with my whole life. Hallelujah. That's what the Bible said. real Christians grown to be a masterpiece. The finished masterpiece, church, he shall change our vile body. See, every every one of us should tap our let's tap our arm and say, "I'm vile." Ready? I'm vile. All of us are vile. The flesh is a vile creature. Vile, filthy creature. He'll change this vile body that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body. according to the working whereby he's able even to subdue all things unto himself. Beloved, now we are the sons of God, and it does not appear yet what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. And every man that hath hope in him purifith himself, even as he is pure. Let's have all the future masterpieces stand to our feet by God's grace. Musicians can come. We're not masterpieces yet, but we're going to get there by the grace of God. The best part is we know the real masterpiece. Praise God. We know Jesus, God's true masterpiece. Let me read this uh testimony here. Do you remember when I preached on David's battle against David with iniquity? A brother sent this to me. Uh he said, "Last week I was sick. I had problems at work and I was fighting with myself. I felt a very strong urge to listen to one of your sermons. I don't listen to sermons on the internet almost never. He's from Hungary, the nation of Hungary. I know some of you are hungry right now, too. So, I should not have said that. I should should have should I should have just said Europe. He said, "But it was a very strong and convincing leading of the Holy Spirit. God led me to turn to the last sermon from Bride of Christ Fellowship. The leading of God was exact. Brother, I want you to know that God was speaking to me with every word when I preached on iniquity and repenting from sins. And I showed the three steps. It's just in the Bible. The three steps of overcoming iniquity. See, church, this is I'm so glad God calls us to speak, too. We're not even finished masterpieces, but God wants to speak through you and I. I love things like this. Just little things where the whole sermon God was speaking to his people. That's how we all want to live our lives, right? Where God can use our voice to point others back to him. He said, "I was weeping and crying and God restored the joy of my salvation through his word." At the end, I shouted praises to God. Hallelujah. I believe that small encouragements are useful and needed. That is the reason I write. I hope you don't mind this tiny testimony. I like tiny testimonies. I like them whether they're big or tiny. And he says, "My life was Psalm 66:16. Come and hear all you here who fear God. Let me tell you what he has done for my soul." Amen. Let's bow our heads. If you would play that song, you sang it last night. M. Okay. Uh Calvary. What Calvary song did we sing last night? wasn't at the cross. It's the whole rugged cross. I thought that'd be so perfect because that was God's masterpiece. That's where I find healing for my sorrows. That's where we find healing for our bodies, church. That's where we find healing for our minds. Victory over sin and temptation. We find it in the cross of Jesus Christ. That sacrifice paid for all our benefits today. Let's bow our heads here. Father God, we thank thank you for today, Lord. Thank you for the patience of the people. I'm now about an hour, hour and a half, Lord. I didn't know I'd go this long, but thank you, God, for your patience, especially our visitors. Uh my dear, precious mother-in-law Tammy and brother Gary. We appreciate their patience, Lord God. Lord, we just can't hardly want to leave your presence, Lord God. It's so wonderful thinking about Jesus. Thank you God for sending your masterpiece. So Lord, you could make something special out of my vile life. Oh God, I know I was vile. I still got a vile nature inside of me. But Lord, because of your masterpiece, Lord God, we purify ourselves today and we ask you to forgive our sins. Lord God, we're going to open up the altar soon and open up the prayer line if anyone wants to confess their sins and purify themselves. Maybe someone needs prayer for healing. Lord God, we believe your life is here. Amen. The life is in the seed. Hallelujah. The life is in the word, Lord God. You've moved on and you're revealing more and more truth today. The life of Jesus Christ. Thank you for such a wonderful masterpiece out of the book of Mark, out of the book of Isaiah 53. Lord God, [Music] Lord, you were wounded for Jesse Smith's transgressions. You were bruised for Jesse Smith's iniquities. The chastisement of Jesse Smith's peace was upon him. But with Jesus's stripes, Jesse Smith is healed. Lord, Brother Ram told us, each one of us to put our names in that verse, Isaiah 53:5. Thank you, God, that you've healed us. Thank you, Lord God, for the masterpiece of Christ. We'll sing about it for a thousand years on earth and then all eternity in the new Jerusalem, Lord God. Oh, thank you, Lord God. How we cherish the old rugged cross today, Lord God. Purify our hearts, Lord God. Thank you, Lord, for showing us the life, the life of the Holy Spirit working its way through these last 2,000 years. And we're thankful we can be gathered around the seed today, God. And we're not making ourselves better than anybody. As brother said, we're not masterpieces of ourselves. Only Jesus is really the true masterpiece. But Lord, you've just revealed more truth as you prophesied. I will restore in the book of Joel. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. And Lord, that's what you've done today. You've restored the revelation of your word. We know tongues aren't the evidence. We know we got to live a sanctified life. Hallelujah. We got to live above sin. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus, for your grace and mercy, Lord God. We shouldn't smoke and drink and cuss, dress immoral, Lord God. We shouldn't gossip, Lord God. shouldn't be greedy. Oh God, thank you for your amazing grace. Lord God, change our lives, God. I pray, Lord, every heart, Lord, would purify itself today, Lord. If they're anything like me, they battled sin last night or battled sin yesterday morning or last week. Lord, perhaps this morning, some people battled sin. Oh God, may they confess it, Lord God. Hallelujah, in the name of Jesus Christ. and may the people be purified by the washing of the waters of the word. I ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said we're going to sing that. If you want to pray at the altar, you can. If you want to have come in the prayer line,
