################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-18 - (9-17-25) We Have Thus Saith the Lord Pt. 3- Jesse Smith - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-18
Title:   (9-17-25) We Have "Thus Saith the Lord" Pt. 3- Jesse Smith
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHfhGTB1pVQ
========================================

James 5 verse 10. That will give me plenty of time to preach as well here by God's grace. I don't got to feel rushed. But I appreciate everybody supporting the the Lord, the work of the Lord here tonight by the grace of the Lord. James 5 chapter 10. Remember that prophets are men who speak in the name of the Lord. Now, of course, there can be women prophets. Uh so those those sisters would speak in the name of the Lord. Uh but God never called of course a woman prophet to lead anyone as far as uh men. Uh so we understand that. But they could have a gift to prophesy, be a minor prophet gift. Uh not a major, not a leader type uh as we see with the rest of the scripture by God's grace. You know, Deborah had a gift to prophesy, but she wasn't the leader. She wasn't the spiritual leader. She was more like a judge, we'd say, like a judge down at the courthouse. And uh but she was not leading the people. They had the priesthood and they had the king as well. So, uh she was not leading the people in any way. She just had a gift. Praise God. How many How many grateful you have a gift? Hallelujah. There's some gift in your life God wants to use. He's probably already used it before. He'd like to use it again. How many know that he wants to use the gifts he's given to us? Praise God. So James chapter 5:10. Let's read this if we can. Ready? 1 2 3. Take my brethren the prophets who have spoken in the name of the Lord for an example of suffering, affliction, and of patience. Amen. May God add his blessing to Reena's word. You can be seated. I do have quotes to show. As I said, I've worked on this many times over the last few months. uh by God's grace. I was kind of hoping Jared would be here to hear this one, but God knows. God knows by God's grace. Hallelujah. So, we want to look at we have thus sayeth the Lord part three. How many know that we're a a privileged people on the earth? Praise God. Think of all the church uh all the churches out there that you've been to. Think of those maybe you haven't been to. How many can say that they have uh thus sayeth the lords from a prophet who had lived recently? Very few can say that. Right? So we consider ourselves very privileged people. Most of us didn't go looking for this. It came looking for us. Praise God. If I if I remember Beatatric's testimony, it was she was walking by a message church. Was that right, Sister Beatatric? and then just wanted to go in and check it out because of the the worship and the the zeal and the sound of praise and everything. Uh just the worship caught her attention. Praise God. And then she gets in there and her life's officially changed. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank God for that. U you and I, we didn't go looking for the message. The message came looking for us. Hallelujah. It's the message of Jesus Christ, what he's done in this hour. Praise God. And even brother Angley knew Brother Brandham, right? Or knew of him by God's grace. He knew of him. Amen. Oh, you're doing well. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Wonderful. That's so wonderful. Hallelujah. Then, brother uh Rod knows Max Manning. He was a brother that was uh prayed for by Brother Brandham. Is he still alive, brother? &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. Let's thank the Lord for that. Amen. Hallelujah. That's so wonderful. I just love how God had already given brother Rod some uh fellowship with people who knew about Brother Ram's ministry even before we met. So I thank the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, you did? Okay. I didn't know that. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Amen. Awesome. So, we feel united on this by God's grace. Amen. So, we have Thus Say the Lord part three. And uh if Jared was going to be here, I had this slide in case he was going to be here. You know, when I when I preach some sermons, there's numerous types of sermons. There's more than four kinds of sermons, but uh tonight would be a topical sermon, which is when you take a subject and you use different verses from all over the Bible, right? Uh now, a lot of people today uh well, not a lot of people, but serious Christians like this type of preaching as well. It's called expository sermons because that's that's that's what brother Jared did. He took a text and he just he didn't leave that text. He just stayed in that text and explained it. Now, of course, he would reference other scriptures, but the whole point is to teach through a chapter or teach through a section of verses and just explain those with the rest of the Bible. Praise God. Now, a textual sermon focuses on a short text or just one scripture and not not a whole topic of like a topic throughout the whole Bible. So, like last week, we looked at we wrestle not against flesh and blood. So, that was again a a topical sermon, right? Because we went from Jacob and then we went to the New Testament, right? the the unjust judge and the widow woman. You know, we were in different places around the Bible. And then Ephesians chapter 6, wrestling not against flesh and blood. So, that was more of a topical sermon as well. And it seems like brother Ram done a lot of these by God's grace. Uh brother did a lot of these. Now, the church ages in the seven seals, brother Ram did expository preaching. Hallelujah. He taught every single verse from Revelation 1 all the way to the end of Revelation chapter 3. uh and then he took Revelation 6 and Revelation 8 and preached the seven seals by God's grace. Beautiful testimony there. Now, a narrative is like a sermon that tells a Bible story and draws lessons from it. Uh so, it's more of like a storytelling uh method as well or theme uh by God's grace. So, tonight I was if brother Jared was here, I was going to tell him this is topical because he probably used to expository, right? And so, I do expository. I was I've been preaching through First Corinthians, but I've taken a long break because I had the summer and had all these different thoughts come to me, but eventually I'll get back to it by the grace of the Lord. Um, and so just we've we've gone two parts here and thus sayith the Lord or we have thus sayith the Lord. Brother Ram gave us thus sayith the Lord on the interpretation of the church ages, the seven seals, Malachi 45 and 6, Revelation 10:7. So, uh, these two especially relate to his ministry. This is more chi church history, understanding church history with thus sayeth the Lord. And of course, exposing the antichrist. We heard that on Sunday again. Wonderful message there from brother Simon by God's grace. Church ages uh reveals Jesus Christ through the 2,000-year church ages. Marriage and divorce. We have thus sayith the Lord on that. Uh modest clothes, clothing and hair length uh from 1 Timothy 2 and 1 Corinthians 11. The baptism of the Holy Ghost. We see that in Colossians chapter 1, Acts chapter 1. And brother Bam said classical preaching is of the devil. So educational preaching where you don't preach against sin and just watering it down so everybody can receive it. But Ram says that's of the devil. And if that was bad in his day, it's a million times worse today, right? We're we're aware of that because it just allows people to come to church, but it doesn't challenge them to change their life. It doesn't convict them. It wouldn't call it wouldn't even call them a fool. Like Jesus called his own disciples fools, &gt;&gt; slow to believe, &gt;&gt; right? So this type of classical preaching, it doesn't preach against sin. Doesn't call anybody any names or anything. And I'm not advocating for name calling. I'm just saying Jesus did it. &gt;&gt; Right? Jesus did it. Not giving a license for every preacher to call names, but John the Baptist called him a brood of serpents, right? A den of snakes. And so there there's times, you know, you you uh as a preacher, you try to yield to the Holy Spirit, but classical preaching is more just like tickling the ears preaching, &gt;&gt; right? Like the Bible says itching ears. There it is, brother. Amen. Thank you. And then brother Ram said, "God won't deal with his church. I'm talking about he's talking about the whole church denomination until they come back to the message of the hour." &gt;&gt; Right? And we see that every denomination eventually falls away, loses conviction. Uh they try to they try to please the culture, right? rather than pleasing God. But brother Bam tells us we don't have to please anybody but God. Right? Even even as a pastor, I'm not to try to please you. I'm only trying to please God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Right, brother Chris? &gt;&gt; Yes. Exactly right, brother. You're exactly right. Yes, sir. So many examples, right? Even with clothing and entertainment and politics, right? Trying to just please everybody, right? But we're not here to please anybody but God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Then brother Ram said, "Look at denominations. Thus sayith the Lord, look at the fruit they produced." Right? And I told you a testimony when I went to the chapel and I went to different churches. I saw the fruit of what they had produced. And as I grew in the Lord, I realized that's not the fruit I want to see in my life. There's got to be more fruit than that. Hallelujah. Amen. If there's a deep call, there's got to be a deep to respond. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Then brother man said on the day of Pentecost they were informal holy rollers. Thus sayith the Lord. In other words they weren't copying off of the Pharisees and Sadducees. They were being led by the Holy Ghost. Right? And so we want to get in the spot. Now we can see brother Ram's life, you know, in his testimony. A lot of his services have the same pattern, right? And and so we're allowed to get in a pattern. Of course we want a God-honoring pattern for our services. But we don't want to get stiff and starchy. We don't want to get denominational. We want to be open to praying for the Holy Ghost to move. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not being in uh not being formal. Everything's the same every single service. We need to be uh led by the Holy Spirit to change things up. Hallelujah. Amen. And then brother Ram said, "Thus sayith the Lord, there's only one prophet messenger in the Leodysian church age." So that would be his ministry. Other people have claimed to be messengers. Other people have claimed to be uh prophets at the end time. But thus sayith the Lord, there's only one because the Bible said uh that spirit of Elijah will anoint someone to turn the hearts of the children back to the apostolic fathers. There's only one. Now, Brother Ram uses 1 Corinthians 11 uh to say any woman, I don't care how much she sings, dances, shouts, cries, speaks in tongues, prophesies, if she cuts her hair, she's not born again. Brother Random says that's true because the Bible says that she defrauds her husband, disgraces her husband if she cuts her hair, right? And and there's not one verse in the Bible where God ever says a woman should cut her hair. A godly woman, &gt;&gt; right? So that means that means all down through history, the godly woman, even think of Eve, think of how long her hair must have been. All these women down through the Bible had all had long hair. Praise God. Not one of them had bob hair like we see today. So, uh, that's thus sayith the Lord. Uh, and of course that's scriptural as well because she dishonors her husband that way. And then, uh, divorce and remarage. Brother Ram gives us thus sayith the Lord on that as well as we've talked about. There's only one cause for that. Uh, unconfessed fornication before marriage. And then, Brother Ram says denominational fruit. And I don't remember that one necessarily. I don't remember that one. But I do remember this one. Every nation was dominated by Satan. We see that numerous places. Daniel chapter 2. We see that in Matthew chapter 4 where Satan tells Jesus, "I'll give you the kingdom kingdoms of this world." Right? &gt;&gt; Now, we see it today, of course, in the deep state, right? We can see how Satan is in control, right? Uh sad, but that's the truth. You know, uh all the murders and the abortions and the the woke agenda, all these things, Satan is in control, right? He's Satan dominates the government. &gt;&gt; Now, so so far we got to 17. And remember says, remember who's speaking? He said, "Remember that I speak to you in the name of the Lord." Right? That's what the Bible says. The Bible says, "If a man speaks in the name of the Lord and it comes to pass, fear him. If he speaks in the name of the Lord and it doesn't come to pass, don't fear him." &gt;&gt; So, Brother Man spoke in the name of the Lord, it came to pass. It was true. So, we're to respect him. We're to listen to him, take what he says back to the word of God. Hallelujah. And I' I've I like that. I said, "Did any or has any other preacher spoke like this recently?" So many. That's already 17. I don't know how many times brother Angley did, but I'm sure if he did it, it was right every time if he did it. If he's a true man of God. Uh, but for me, I'm counting now. I'm counting 17. Now, we got some more. I think we'll get up to 27 here tonight by God's grace. If if time permits, you know how time goes. So, I have never heard any preacher talk like this. That's why when I heard brother Brandham, I started crying shortly after. I never heard a man talk about Jesus like that or his love for the Lord or what he had to endure to serve the Lord. And so I never heard a man preach like that today. To this day still, I've never heard a preacher preach like brother Brandham because he had the spirit of Elijah, the Holy Ghost that had the attributes like Elijah and Elisha and John the Baptist. Praise God. Amen. Now, uh I think I think tonight I'm going to skip this. I have this mainly for Jared or any other visitor. Uh I guess I'll just go fast here. Okay, so remember uh here's what I was saying. The test for a true prophet is when a prophecy comes to pass. Okay, Deuteronomy 18 20-22. Elijah when he would speak, he would say, "For thus sayeth the Lord God of Israel." So brother Ham will say, "Thus sayeth the Lord." Right? Ezekiel would say, "Thus sayaeth the Lord, smite uh thine hand and stamp with thy foot." So he would he would smite his hands. Ezekiel would say and smite his foot and say, "Alas, all the evil abominations of the house of Israel." See, it wasn't fun to be a prophet. &gt;&gt; Prophets a lot of times didn't say nice things. &gt;&gt; God sent a prophet to rebuke the people, &gt;&gt; to warn the people, to reveal things to the people. &gt;&gt; Most times they hated the prophets. &gt;&gt; And Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; So, Brother Ram's always balling out the immoral women. You know, he's always balling out weak men and weak pulpit because he was a prophet. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And most of the people are in a lost condition or deceived condition or a condition where they they're just scarcely saved. &gt;&gt; Right. Just scarcely saved. &gt;&gt; Yes. And he said, "For they shall fall by the sword by the famine and pestilence." And that's exactly what happened to the house of Israel. It was thus sayith the Lord, and it came to pass. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, as uh as I was reviewing, remember God can change the thus sayith the Lord or allow his per I'm sorry to allow his permissive will. We saw that in two cases. So, whenever we judge brother Brandham or judge any prophet or give them the the prophet test, maybe the word judge stumbles people. Well, if that's the case, then we give them the prophet test, right? But the Bible said that we have to judge all the prophets. The Bible says that 1 Corinthians chapter 12 or 14, judge the prophets. Uh we saw that uh Isaiah gave a thus sayith the Lord and he was turned around walking out and God sent him back in say don't tell him I'll give him 15 more years. Right? And then numbers in numbers 22:12 God told Balam don't go. He goes back a few days later prays again God said go ahead and go. &gt;&gt; What God can God can change his mind? No God can't change his mind but God will give you over to his permissive will if you don't want his perfect will. &gt;&gt; All right. Uh now remember these four uh these four were were prophets. Uh and this proves not every word they say that comes out of their mouth is thus sayith the Lord. Okay we don't have to go through that. It's been a while. We preached the questions and answers back in the winter. And brother Rod we went over this in part two. No I'm sorry. Part one. Denominations teach the traditions of men. So their a lot of their worship is in vain. I'm not saying all their worship but a lot of their worship is in vain. And let me prove that the Pharisees. How many know their worship was in vain? Jesus said so. But who was in there that was a true worshipper? Nicodemus, &gt;&gt; right? The Sanhedrin. You know, all their they had all these traditions of men, but there was a real believer in there. Praise God. But what was God do doing? God was drawing them out slowly but surely. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Some come out fast, some come out slow, but all God's children will come out of the system. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then remember, creeds limit the holy one. Just like Israel limited the Holy One of Israel, a creed will limit and say, "Well, God can only move in this Methodist way or or this." And I'm not referring to Jared. I'm just It's just the first one that came to my mind, but it could be God can only use move in the Catholic way or the Lutheran way, the Assembly of God, the oneness way, the Tunis way. And then God calls people out of the mother denomination. We see that in Revelation 18:4. But then God promised he would destroy the mother and all her daughters in a tribulation bed. We'd say, "Okay, Revelation 23 through23." Now, new for tonight. I I kind of think these are new for tonight. Um we'll go through six these these real fast. We'll review those and then here's some more by God's grace. I think maybe we've done some of these before. And if if so, pardon me, but uh there were six I got a video on this six times at least. Now, another brother shared a video or a document with me, but it's really long. It's like 20 pages. I haven't gone through it. And he said he has at least 10 thus sayith the Lord's where brother Brandham told somebody something on tape they'd get well. And then he has that quote and then he has the quote months or years later when they actually got well and they came back to the church to testify. So that would make 16. But I haven't gone through that one. Okay. So everyone understand by God's grace. So there's at least there's six there's possibly 16 or maybe more. So he told Marilyn Hickeyi, "Thus say the Lord, if you believe you have a baby," she had it 10 years later. She has that video on YouTube. She's uh very uh open to telling that about Brother Brandham. Brother Brham said, "There never be a greater gift to the Gentiles before the rapture than his gift." And there hasn't been, right? He would stand there day after day, month after month, year after year, discern these people, sometimes tell them 15 secrets like Eva York, five secrets, 10 secrets. and every time it was right with thus sayith the Lord. In 1962 he said women would continue to strip and that's obvious. 65 he had three he said the USA church would be led by a witch and dancing to rock and roll in immoral clothes and basically no moral standards smoking cigarettes and all kinds of stuff like that. Well, that's come to pass. uh the death of Florence Shakarian. He predicted that although it was hard uh because uh Florence's brother was his good friend, Deus Shakarian, but he had to prophesy it while all and the that that was so amazing was because all the preachers were saying God was going to heal her. And brother Ram said, "Well, God told me she was going to go with thus sayith the Lord." So again, it's brother Random, it's one prophet against many. Does that sound familiar? Micaiah against everybody else. Elijah against everybody else. &gt;&gt; Right? So we see that. We see that a prophet, they're just different. They got thus sayith the Lord. They don't always they don't always stand with the majority. Very rarely do they stand with the majority. &gt;&gt; And I love this one. I quote this one all the time. Uh anointed ones of the end time. Brother said, "No denomination will ever break up and come back to the word." That's thus sayith the Lord. He said they'll go into the Antichrist system as well. So that's why I've told family members of friends here, you know, you got to come out of that denomination because if you live into the time of tribulation, they're going to push the mark of the beast on you. And your only hope uh if you don't want to die is to run to some cave somewhere, right? And try to survive for the next three and a half or seven years, whichever one you believe it is, right? Doesn't really matter. We just don't want to be here. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, every nation is dominated by Satan. Brother said, I think I read this one, but uh it's worth repeating. Every nation is dominated by Satan. Woo. Never heard many amens on that, but it's the truth. Thus sayith the Lord. Every nation on earth is dominated by Satan. Satan took Jesus up on a mountain and showed him the United States and all the other kingdoms. Think of that. He said, "I'll give them all to you if you bow down and worship me." Now, and I maybe I read this too, but lots of people are expecting a national revival, even a worldwide revival, but they're confusing scriptures that pertain to the 144,000 Jews in Millennium Verses. Raise your hand if you remember this. Have I preached this recently? Does anybody remember? Nobody. Nobody remembers that. Okay. What's this? &gt;&gt; Okay. I thought I might have read it. So, that's why I was looking for a hand. So at least one person, pardon me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Might have. I was wondering how recent it was. Thank you, sister. But there even brother Ram says this, people are confusing verses that contain to the 144,000 Jews and the millennia verses that do not pertain to the end of the gentile dispensation. Because remember, the Jews are blinded right now. Uh God cut off the the Jewish branch. He grafted in the Gentile branch. They have the life of God now through the Holy Ghost. But God's going to cut the Gentiles off and graft back in the Jews. Right? So, a lot of the promises they're hoping for are when the Jewish branch is put back in, grafted back into the holy tree and not during the time the Gentile branch is grafted to the tree. Brother Chris, &gt;&gt; yeah. Well, that uh most people think no, but we don't have thus sayith the Lord on it. Uh it's because of Revelation 22, brother. So, go there. Revelation 22. I think it's 10 or 7. Uh here's why most people think no. I mean, it's quite a question because uh if people say, well, I I guess I guess they say no because remember, as I just said, the the gentile branch is cut off. So if a branch is cut off, is there any more life getting to the branch? So then then people would say, "Well, there's no more salvation to the Gentiles." So in other words, whatever the Gentiles were at the time of the rapture, whether they're raptured or they they they stay, that's what they're always going to be. That's what some people believe. They they believe there's no more mercy for the Gentiles after the Gentile rapture. But there's even questions about that because technically the Jews are cut off now, but the fifth seal tells us God will save them because they're keeping Moses's covenant. I'm talking about there's very few Jews that keep it. Very few, right? We know most Jews are not very faithful to the Torah, right? Especially the rich ones, but not all rich ones, but the majority. Okay. Revelation 22, brother. Good question. Uh it's verse uh uh 11. He that is unjust, let him be unjust still. So there's going to come a time when whoever's unjust, they're just still going to be that way no matter what. They're just going to be that way. No hope for them, right? And he which is filthy, let him be filthy still. He that is righteous, let him be righteous still. And he that's holy, let him be holy still. So brother Ram would use this verse for the rapture. As soon as that rapture happens, whatever you are, that's what you are for the Gentiles. But the Jews, of course, Jesus comes to them and they they get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They get the seal of God in their forehead. Okay, good question. Give to class, brother. Now, here's the deception. the NRA which is all these false prophets like Kenneth Copelan and U Bill Johnson and all these false prophets they teach a seven mountain mandate which teaches the church will rule the seven realms of education, entertainment, government, religion, family, media and business. It will be these antichrist movement that will control Yeah, I'm sorry. It will be the antichrist movement that will control the seven realms because it has to be so close that it would deceive the very elect if it were possible. It's got to be so close, right? But it won't be the Holy Ghost filled bride in control of entertainment. &gt;&gt; What entertainment would we put out if we were in control of it? &gt;&gt; I tell you what, we put forth a biography of Charlie Kirk, the biography of William Brandom, Ernest Angley, right? Godly men if we were in charge. But we ain't going to get in charge. They ain't going to let us get in charge because we'll tear down their Disney and all their nonsense. Now, we might have read this, too. And I'm sorry if it's a repeat. I was trying to I was just trying to keep a record. I was just trying to keep track, but it's good to hear. Thus sayith the Lord anyway. Praise God. There must be someone rise up that's got to come with thus sayith the Lord. Malachi the 4th chapter. That's exactly what he said he would be the sign just before the coming of the great and terrible day of the Lord. I'll send you Elijah. What he do? Turn the hearts of that's Malachi 4:6. Turn the hearts of the children back to the doctrine of the fathers. Back to the Bible out of these denominational difference and come back to the Bible. Back to God. That's what he would do. Notice what a great time we're living in. We stand today with thus sayith the Lord that the water baptism in the last days is to be in the name of Jesus Christ. Now we go a step further. We say Lord Jesus Christ but we know what the Bible says. Jesus Christ, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord Jesus, you know. So brothers get basically saying uh it's not father, son, holy ghost. You got to call upon the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Right? Because there's only power in the name of Jesus Christ. and another man stand and perform miracles in a trinitarian. Show me the word trinity in the Bible. Okay, so we'll go past that. That's very familiar to us. But the Bible said as he promised in the last days he sent the spirit of Elijah and would call the people the children of God back to the original faith like it was in the beginning of the word. He says that word was confirmed the son of man in the last days. So son of man is another way for to say a prophet if you read the book of Ezekiel. So a prophet in the last days the same as it was in Sodom yesterday, today and forever. Who is the prophet during the time of Sodom? Abraham, right? And he wasn't perfect, but he was perfect with thus sayith the Lord because he was a prophet, right? He spoke in the name of the Lord. Came to pass. It's God's promise. It's thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. So, a spirit of Elijah would be here with thus sayith the Lord in the end time. Now, I love this statement by brother Ram. He nails it down. It has to be brother Ram's ministry because he says, "Thus say the Lord, it'll come to pass in this day." He said, "Search the world. Take every cult clan. Take every man. Take every church. I charge you in Christ's name, do this, you preachers. I charge you to read the newspapers or take consideration anywhere you want to go and see if it isn't on the earth right now. Amen. Church, that leaves out Joseph Brandom as being a prophet or anybody else. That wasn't a lie back then, right? Had to be somebody with thus sayith the Lord giving us the original Bible faith giving up giving it back to us back to the scripture. Just the scripture, a faith that keeps all the word of God. All right. Now, more. Oh, yeah. I must have some repeats in here, so pardon me. There's a repeat. Now, I I love this quote, but says this. Trinitarianism is of the devil, where they say, uh, God is three persons. That's of the devil. The Bible never says he's three persons. &gt;&gt; As I told you that not long ago, if Jesus was fully God, why did he need another fully God person to film the Holy Ghost? and then a third holy go uh holy ghost or I'm sorry a a third all god person to fill him. Why does an all god person need two other all god persons to fill him? It makes no sense, right? It's it's just confusion, right? It's nonsense. See, trinitarianism is of the devil. I say that thus sayith the Lord. Now what do they do? The trinitarians, they change the name of God from Lord Jesus Christ to fathers and holy ghost. They go like this or whatever they do, whatever nonsense they do, you know, look where it come from. It come from the Nyian council when the Catholic Church come in rulership. The word trinity is not even mentioned in the entire book of the Bible. As far as three gods, that's from hell. There's one god and church. I have the document, brother Rod. There's a a PhD trinitarian. He says he says uh unofficially we rotate between three gods and one god. That's what he put in his textbook. I've got the textbook. He said, 'But we would never say he's three gods, but they'll call him three persons. So they admit they have to rotate between three gods and one God unofficially. Church, we never unofficially dabble with any false doctrine. &gt;&gt; Officially or unofficially, we just believe Bible doctrine. Praise God. Amen. But but now look what brother Ram says. He gives him grace. Do you believe all these trinitarians of hell? No, sir. They're Christians. But the hours approaching when they're sincerely wrong. And that's because uh the antichrist probably it's probably going to be the pope. And what's it what's one of his favorite teachings? The trinity. He's going to be pushing the trinity, the father, son, holy ghost. Right? So there's coming a time before the rapture where you really need uh where everyone if they're going to be saved and want to be saved need to leave the Catholic Church and this uh father, son, holy ghost uh grip that they have upon the people. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. now. And I, as I told you, remember I was I debated earlier this year with uh it was it was a very friendly debate with a trinitarian preacher. I walked up. I just seen him a couple weeks ago. Well, last month I seen him. I said, "Love you, brother. God bless you." He he he just said, "Thank you." He won't even say, "God bless you back because I because I told him Trinity is wrong." I said, "I appreciate your family." I mean, I was really trying to go all out and say nice things just to see if he'd say something to me. And he's a nice man. He's a nice man. But his wife now, she used to smile at me. She don't smile at me anymore. And I don't know if that's she's just having a bad day or what. But they won't even say, "God bless you." Because I deny a a teaching that is not even in the Bible. Three persons isn't even in the Bible. But can they be saved? Yes. Because as long as they're trusting in the blood of Jesus Christ, they can be saved. He said, "Thus sayith the Lord, the baptism using title, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost is false. Thus sayith the Lord, I command every one of you on here or on tape that has been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, be baptized again in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Okay. Goes on there. Now, this is one I haven't been refreshed on lately, but he's talking about uh Peter. He said, "Never was in Rome by the scriptures. Thus sayith the Lord, it's all a pagan idea." So that idea trying to put Peter in Rome to be the first pope. He said, "It's not in the Bible. Thus sayith the Lord. Now how many know that's true? &gt;&gt; You won't find it. Peter talks one time about Babylon, right? He talks about he's talking about Rome. So there he wasn't there but he rebuked him. Yeah, that's right. Amen. And now here's a a great quote too. Remember this is the ending of the Gentile dispensation. Remember it's thus sayith the Lord. It's time for the Gentile age to cease. And when it ceases then the gospel goes to the Jew and it's all over then. Okay. Now let's go. Let's prove that here. What's the next one? Okay. Yeah, because I'm doing good on time. Let's go to that. Let's go to Luke 21. I want to show that to brother Chris. Luke 21, where Jesus talks about uh uh the times of the Gentiles being fulfilled. And I'm just going by memory here, so I hope I can find it here. Uh yeah, there it is. Verse 24. Yeah. Luke uh 21:24. I've forgotten this one lately because I haven't used it too much by God's grace. But let's all let's all read that together, can we? One, two, three. And they shall fall by the edge of the sword and shall be led away captive into all nations. And Jerusalem shall be trotten down of the Gentiles until the times of the Gentiles be finished. Okay? So Jesus talks about there's going to come a time when the gentile time is finished. That's what that verse is about, brother Chris, about Revelation 22. He that's holy still, let him be, let him be that still. In other words, there's going to come a time when whatever you are, that's what you are, right? Okay. Uh they must be so Jerusalem will be trotten down the Gentiles. And how many know it's trotten down in the Gentiles, right? With the Muslims with their uh Dome of the Rock and everything. And they have a they have a they have a section for the Muslims. They got a se a section for the Jews and a section for the Christians, right? It's trotten down of the Gentiles until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled. And then the Bible says that Israel will uh rebuild a temple, right? That's what Revelation 11 says. And they'll control the Temple Mount or some area in there. It doesn't actually say Temple Mount, but they'll have control of the courts of the temple, but then the the Gentiles will still have control of the outer court. Let's read that. Revelation 11, just so you got that, Brother Chris. Of course, a refresher for all of us too here by God's grace. Revelation 11. Okay. Uh verse one. Revelation 11 1 and two. I'll read one. We can all read two. And there was given me a read like unto a rod. Brother Rod. And the angel stood saying, "Rise and measure the temple of God and the altar, and them that worship there." And let's read verse two. One, two, three. But the court which is without the temple, leave out, and measure it not. For it is given unto the Gentiles, and the holy city shall they tread underfoot 40 and two months. Okay, so notice that the court which is without the temple leave out and measure not because that's part of the Gentiles. That fits perfectly what Jesus said. The the Gentiles will trotten down parts of Jerusalem until the Gentiles raptured away. Then the Jews will get control of somewhere, maybe the temple mount to build the temple, but they'll only have control of the the part of the temple, the courts of the temple. They won't have control of the outer parts of it. Now, I don't know if that's the outer court or I don't know if that's court of the women, court of the Gentiles outside. I'm talking about the courts of Solomon. You know, they had courts of the Gentiles and courts of the women. They had all these different courts. Okay, so now you got that. Let's go to uh Romans 11. We'll hit that, too, because we just got a couple more quotes here uh with thus sayith the Lord. I think there's four more, right? Oh, yeah. Four more general. There's four more general. Thus said the Lord. So, Romans 11. Okay. Verse 25. Romans 11:25. Now, if you want a good understanding on Ro uh Romans, I'm sorry, on Israel's blindness, read Romans 11. I preached through Romans last year, right? We got all the way preached the whole book. Um, so I got we got recordings on that if you want a refresher on that. And I got a whole chapter on on this this mystery. The Bible calls it a mystery of Israel's blindness. God has blinded them. So they the true Jews cannot see Christ as the Messiah. But they will. Praise God. They will during the tribulation period. So verse 25. Let's all read that there. One, two, three. For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits. that blindness in part is happened to Israel until the fullness of the Gentiles come in. Okay? So, Brother Chris, they're going to be blind until all the Gentiles that were on the Lamb's book of life or the book of life have all received the Holy Ghost or received salvation. Okay? And then once all those names are they're believers, they got the Holy Ghost or they got salvation and it's all over, then God cuts off the Gentile branch. He grafts in the Jewish branch, right? takes the the Holy Ghost fil. The wise virgin takes them up in the rapture and the foolish go out and try to get the Holy Ghost, but they ain't going to make it. They're not going to make it to the marriage supper, right? They get they get locked out. Jesus said, "I never knew you because you never were born again." They turn down the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Think about that. They turned down the gifts of the Holy Ghost, the the preaching, the prophecies, all these uh what they got 20 27 thus sayith the Lords. They turn them down. They don't want thus sayith the Lord, right? They just want church membership. &gt;&gt; You understand? like they don't want to get down and obey all this word. They want to say, "Oh, that hair stuff and that modesty stuff. That was just for the Corinthians." But Paul comes around and says, "I teach this in every church. I teach this everywhere in every church." Praise God. &gt;&gt; Okay, four more. I'm closing up here. By God's grace, get this guy good rest tonight. By God's grace. Now, brother Ram said, "The bride unites with thus sayith the Lord." So all these doctrines, right, that were given thus sayith the Lord on, we've got to unite with them. Our marriages have to line up with thus sayith the Lord, right? Our holiness, our physical uh our physical presentation of a modest clothing that has to line up with thus sayith the scripture, right? We have to unite with that. In other words, we have to unite with the word of God. Praise God. Brother Ram said God is uniting his bride four months before he passed away. No, I'm sorry. Well, this is two years and four months. Sorry. I thought it was 65 to 63. She's coming together from the east and west and the north and south. There's a uniting time and that's on right now. What is she uniting for? The rapture. Amen. God's getting her ready. Yes, sir. Uniting. What is she uniting with? With the word. For all heavens and earth will pass away, but my word shall never pass away. She's uniting herself with thus sayith the Lord. Regardless of what any denomination or anybody else says. Amen. She's uniting herself. She's getting ready. Why? She's the bride. &gt;&gt; Remember uh the Bible said in John, "He that hath the bride is the bridegroom." Praise God. &gt;&gt; And the bride has the bridegroom. Hallelujah. We're married to Christ. Christ is married to us. He's called us to this marriage. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. She's united herself with her bridegroom. See, and the bridegroom is the Let's say it together. The &gt;&gt; word. &gt;&gt; Word. The bridegroom is the word. Remember, he comes back in Armageddon. And what's he got written? He's got written the word of God. He's the word. His character is the word. Hallelujah. So, we must unite with the word. Hallelujah. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. Speaking of the logos, the first uh visible form of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. So, church, that should be our desire to unite with thus saith the Lord. Now, maybe I'll go back at the end is and and maybe ask ourselves. We should ask ourselves that. Is there any thus sayith the Lord we're having trouble uniting with? Let's ask God for help to unite with it. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Because we have to. If we're going to be married to the word, we got to be the word. In other words, we got to be totally surrendered to the word of God. Not perfect like Job, but we got to hate evil and constantly pray, confess our sins every day so we can be one with the word. &gt;&gt; Right? God's not asking for perfection, right? Because if that's the case, we don't need Jesus, right? We need Jesus. We need the blood of Jesus Christ. We need the Holy Ghost. I love what Brother Rod said, plead the blood all the round. Always plead the In other words, call the call the prince of Jesus around all the time in your daily life. Amen. Now, I think this one was more directed to Chicago, Illinois, because in 1961, Brother Ram says he's given an altar call at the end of the service. He said, "Now, just remember, I speak in the name of the Lord. The hour is coming when you will scream for a meeting like this. Now church, I've never screamed for a meeting uh like a real Holy Ghost meeting, but I have wept and cried for greater Holy Ghost meetings. I have laid on this altar and wept and say, "God, give us a revival. God, send the Holy Ghost. I haven't screamed yet, but but I guess brother John and I one time, brother John Graham and I did pray for 45 minutes and we were screaming for a move of God." And then God gave us a beautiful revival there in 2000 2010. It's like three years in a row, just a really nice, wonderful revival. But he says, "The hours coming when you'll scream for a meeting like this, you'll be so you won't be so anxious to get up and go out. It'll be too late then." So, I think he's prophesying perhaps of when the when the revival would end in Chicago, okay? But I don't know for sure. But it it seems to be like a word for the Chicago congregations. But I want you to know, church, we want we should be honest with ourselves. We need to cry out for more revival. Praise God. in our life. &gt;&gt; God, give us a move of the Holy Ghost. How many remember when brother uh Paul Griffin was here the last time we had a 4-hour service as far as there was people praying for four hours, Brother Rod? He just preached on uh getting your first love back and I just loved it because I'm like, "Wow, I've wanted this my whole time being a pastor and it finally happened. People at the altar just praying for three hours or four hours after service. It was just a wonderful move of the Holy Ghost." And see what see we can't impersonate that. God has to do it. &gt;&gt; But what do we do? We keep waiting, keep believing, asking God to send the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Was that right, church? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, this is just means uh thus sayith the Lord, the move is on the bride. That just means it's our time to get in contact with God. It's our time to be grafted into the holy tree. If if you listen to this quote, preachers use this for all kinds of reasons, you know, but alls it means if you listen to brother Brandham, it means we need to come up and pray for people. We need to be moved by the Holy Spirit. We got to get people saved. It just means it's our time to have the gospel. &gt;&gt; Okay? So listen, listen what he says. He's doing an altar call in Shreport. This is a month before he passed away. Now, real quietly, I'm going to ask you consecrated men and women. And he just notices how there's one woman at the altar and more men. He just notices that. He said, "Some of you consecrated Christians, come here and stand with me in prayer just a minute on the altar wherever you are on the platform. Somebody that really knows God just knows how to stand here just a few minutes for prayer with them. Then we'll dismiss the audience. Everybody be reverent now. Don't leave. Just come here and stand around." That's why church, you know, when people are sometimes over here, they have special needs, I'll call people out of the audience. I want someone who's got faith. I want somebody who's believing. I want somebody who's anointed with the Holy Ghost to pray like me. Praise God. Or pray like this person who's got this burden. It's a serious burden. I want people that know God. Amen. Praise God. &gt;&gt; We want somebody to pray who knows God and God hears them. &gt;&gt; See, and church, I'll say it like this. It's a dangerous thing when other people don't often come up and pray for other people because you don't have a burden to pray for other people. You know, I'll just say it like this. Over the years, if we have a new person come up here, we're like, "Brother Chris or somebody and and and people don't feel led to come pray for them, what's wrong?" Now, I understand if it's a sister, right? If it's a sister, I don't expect you to lay hands on a brother. Does everybody understand that? &gt;&gt; Unless God tells you to put on his shoulder or something like I I don't I don't I I understand that if if it's a brother and I don't I don't expect the sisters to come up for that. But if there's a one of our sisters and I feel like our other sisters should have a burden to come pray for them. Let's care about somebody for somebody other than us. The move is on the bride. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; This is this might be the chance that God touches them. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This might be the time they get a supernatural experience. &gt;&gt; Right? Like brother Aman even testified, you know, when Simon Simon comes out here and lays his hands on him and he had a supernatural experience. He said he said it felt like it was the the hand a super huge uh hand like the hand of an angel. But Simon's got small hands like all Smiths have small hands. But it it was now what if he would have said well I'll just let the brother pray for himself. But see the moves God wants to move in us. Praise God. God's here to move. So we should be more concerned about other people than ourselves sometimes. &gt;&gt; I understand if you got a burden. Yeah. You you can only see in your situation. You know I understand that there's times that Yeah. There's times I I feel like that too. God, I need something. I need something tonight. But if you're feeling good and you see somebody who has a need, let's go pray for them. The Holy Ghost is trying to move on. They're coming here to find God, and you can help them find God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; So, let let me encourage. I haven't said that for a while. Maybe I've never said that, but sisters, if you see a sister up here, seek your heart and see if God might lead you up here to pray for them. Same things for our brothers. You see a brother up here seeking God, even if it's me, come pray for me. I could use your prayers. Hallelujah. You know, you know, let's just let's be concerned about somebody else. Brother Ram's calling people up. Where's somebody that knows God? Come pray for people. &gt;&gt; Some of you people that really believe this to be the truth. We're entering another age. We're entering the rapture age. Amen. So, he's talking about the the another word is the latter rain time. The Bible calls it the latter rain. I'm not sure, brother Rod. I don't have to familiar with that. But the latter rain is the last reign before the harvest. So the Bible says there's a former latter rain. The latter rain will be the last revival right before Jesus raptures the church. Okay? So that's what brother say. We're getting close to this rapture age. You know the church can't go in its condition and it can't get any better. It must get worse. How many knows that? Right? The church it's got to get worse. It can't go like this. It's got to be something. It's moving right now. Friend, see the move is on for the bride. That's the truth. That's thus sayith the Lord. So, see, brother brother was saying, "Thus sayith the Lord." God's trying to get the people filled with the Holy Ghost back then, &gt;&gt; right? Because time goes so fast. Praise God. &gt;&gt; I mean, it just it just goes so fast. No one knows when the rapture is going to happen. We got to be ready for the rapture. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Then he says, "Come." Now, he says, "Move up." He said, "The move's on the bride." So, look what he says. Move up, you consecrated Christians. That's what we need today. &gt;&gt; Amen. that wants your record to find out those these who come sincerely. You want to come and offer prayer with them as your brothers and sisters come up around the altar. Stand around here just for a moment. Just for I mean it ain't going to be all day. Just come pray for a moment. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen for prayer. Someone else want to come stand around here. Just kneel down by them. Just walk where you men and women around there. You women sweet humbly ask prayer for them. And I think that's the last one. Oh, one more. This is the last one. Yeah, that's the last one. All right, last one. Everybody take a deep breath in. Ready? And I'm a little past my time. I'm surprised I lost track of time. I am surprised. I've been doing a pretty good job. Well, I hope so. Last quote. Brother Ram says, "Thus sayeth the Lord, it'll take perfect love to put you in that place." He's speaking about heaven. For that's all there was there. in order to get there. Another in order to get to the place of perfect love, you got to have it now. &gt;&gt; Right? Death only changes your location. It doesn't change your character. &gt;&gt; But says you're taking your character with you. &gt;&gt; Right? Whatever you are on earth, you'll take that with you. &gt;&gt; You don't change. Samuel was still a prophet. Right? When he got called up, he was still he was still Samuel. Still a prophet. Right? That's what we'll be too. Whatever you are now, whatever you what do you whatever you live to be, whatever you grow to be. And if you pass on the other side, that's what you'll always be. &gt;&gt; But you have a perfect glorified body. Amen. &gt;&gt; No more sin nature. &gt;&gt; That's all there was there. No matter how many religious demonstrations, how many good deeds you've done, whatever you done, that won't count nothing on that day. It'll take perfect love. So whatever you do, you lay aside everything else until you're just so filled with the love of God so you can love those that hate you. &gt;&gt; Okay? And I think I'll stop with that. Let's stand to our feet. By God's grace, resistance can come. How many enjoyed that? 27. Thus sayith the Lords. &gt;&gt; Now, I think I got through my whole document. If I'm not mistaken, I'll probably study again and I may do a part four. We'll kind of see how that goes. But aren't you glad you've heard thus sayith the Lord for today, &gt;&gt; church? Most people, this is just a history book. You know, they they'll read a thus sayith the Lord. Well, that's a nice story. &gt;&gt; Well, church, we have a prophet who's on tape. We can hear him say on tape. This is thus sayaith the Lord. It's thus sayith the Lord about water baptism, the Godhead, your hair length, your clothes. We have thus sayaith the Lord on the perfect will of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We have thus sayith the Lord. We're going to need perfect love to make it over to heaven. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's bow our heads here. Father God, we thank you for tonight, Lord God. We thank you for perfect love. Lord, we are a privileged people, Lord, to have thus sayith the Lord. I so enjoyed the Methodist service, Lord. I really did. I felt so good with Rod there and brother Jared. But Lord, I can also recognize when I come back here, we have thus sayith the Lord. And I thank you for that, Lord God. Lord, we're no better in our own ability. You've just given us more grace. That's all, Lord God. But Lord, I believe the scripture would tell us it's our duty to share it with them so that they could have a chance at the grace of God as well. Perhaps Lord, we just heard it before they did, Lord God. And Lord, we know few there be that find the narrow road that leads to life. Lord, we know that. We believe there saved people in their church. Lord, we just want to be saved and filled with the Holy Ghost, too, Lord God. We're not making ourselves better, but Lord, we're thankful that we have thus sayith the Lord. where when it comes to a question about the Godhead, will not say, "Well, I like this doctor degree. I like that uh I like I like that guy who's got the double doctor degree." Lord, we're thankful that we don't have to argue about that or even think about that. We've got thus sayeth the Lord. God is one person. Hallelujah. We got thus sayith the Lord. We don't have to wonder, should I be sprinkled with holy water apparently? Should I be buried in the three times forward or backwards like my trinitarian friend told me? You got to go three times backward because that's how you go in a casket. You go head down and head or face up. Lord, we don't have to wonder. We've got thus sayith the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We call upon the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, we're so blessed, God. And we got thus sayith the Lord. The move is on the bride. Lord, the move is on those who love the word of God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Those who want to be married to the word. Lord, I want to be married to the word, the Lord Jesus. We all want to be married to you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You're the bridegroom. We're the bride. So, Lord, let our character match &gt;&gt; the character of Jesus Christ. May we constantly plead the blood. Hallelujah. May we have faith for supernatural miracles if it be our gift, Lord God. Let us be faithful with the gifts you've given to us, Lord God. And let us have perfect love that we can love our enemies, oh God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. That we can love our enemies, Lord God. Those who speak against us, we can pray for them. Those who use us, we can pray for them. Those who speak evil, we can say something good about them. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Grant it, Lord Jesus. Thank you that the move is on us. Help us to have perfect love. Cast out all fear. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Live for you, Lord Jesus, as we look for your coming. Thank you, God. What a wonderful, wonderful message we see in the scripture here, Lord God. remember the prophets who've spoken in the name of the Lord. Father, we remember them tonight. And Lord, I didn't do it, but Lord, remind us of that list. If there's something we're falling short on that list, God, help us to raise up quickly and obey it. Lord God, give us the character to keep it, Lord God. &gt;&gt; Grant it, Lord Jesus. Grant it, my father. Lord, and as I said, there's many times I've cried, "Send a revival. Send the Holy Ghost in a great way, Lord God." like it was in the in Brother Ram's ministry. Lord God, send it like that, Lord. We pray. We know it's still possible. We've seen it, Lord. Last year, we saw it. We saw it in 2023, Lord God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Send the Holy Ghost in a great way, Lord God. We miss those oldfashioned meetings, Lord. We need the visitation of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; He said they'll scream for it, Lord God. But for us, it's not too late, dear God. For us, we have the grace of God. We have the mercy of God, Lord Jesus. Thank you, God, for your mercy and grace. Lord, we know there's time for planting and harvesting and then the rain falls and brings forth the seed, brings forth the seed back to its original condition, Lord, as we've been looking at. So, Father, hear our prayers tonight. We thank you, God, for every effort of the saints. Bless your people for coming out to the house of God. We're so excited for the people that keep coming back, Lord God. Bless your people for continuing to come back to the house of God. We're so thankful, Lord Jesus. God, hear our prayers tonight. And if anyone needs prayer, hear our prayers tonight. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, "Amen."
