################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - (4-9-25) Growing in The Godhead - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-10
Title:   (4-9-25) Growing in The Godhead - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOAjsfkWtJM
========================================

Verse one. Colossians 2 verse one. God's grace. So what kind of inspired this? I came across numerous uh quotes in the last few weeks where brother Ram talks positively about the word trinity and just kind of stirred something up within me and then I had that debate with or the kind debate with a nice trinitarian pastor there that kind of got me stirred up and then someone tried to tell me that brother Ram never believed in the trinity and I thought well I know better than that I know he believed in the trinity so I went and studied it out and I got number of uh hours there studying into that this week so I just thought I'd just preach on it here uh the main point I would like to show today is the quotes of brother Brandham, how they how they progressed throughout his ministry. And I actually what I I'll show you what I found to be the moment that he started changing his understanding on the Godhead. Of course, we most of us know when he spoke with thus sayith the Lord because we've been through it recently with thus sayith the Lord, trinitarianism is of the devil, right? We went through that recently. Um and so I want to build up to there so everybody can see how he grew in Revelation by the grace of God. So, Colossians 2 verse one. I'll read verse one. Then we can all read verse two together. For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you and for them at Leodysa. And for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh. Let's read verse two together. Ready? One, two, three. that their hearts might be comforted, being knit together in love, and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding to the acknowledgment of the mystery of God and of the Father and of Christ. Let's read three as well because that's a great verse. One, two, three. In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated. So, we'll take a little hour here tonight, Lord willing, and we'll kind of uh get to the point at the end. I just want to show brother Ram's progression. I found at least 22 or more quotes where brother Ram spoke positively about the Trinity. And I'm talking about three persons. I'm not talking about just the word trinity because we know the word trinity uh if you've studied it lately in of itself it's not a bad word uh it just means three closely related persons or things well we don't take persons we take things or manifestations and uh again this was kind of all brought up upon me because about three Thursdays ago we went to this family house and had a real good time and as we started talking he this preacher said he's a reformed minister Now, reformed uh kind of means like they're Calvinistic, you know, like uh so Calvinism is more like once you're saved, always saved. It's kind of like that. And then uh they're they're sessationist to the fact that there's no more uh apostolic gifts. So like major miracles you see in the book of Acts, like the apostles, because they're dead, you don't see any of those major ones anymore. But they do believe in miracles. Okay? And of course they're staunch trinitarians. I mean staunch. Um now they also believe they have a better translation of the Bible. That's where I differed with the man as well, but uh in a friendly way. So this uh kind of uh impromptu debate kind of stirred me up a little bit as far as uh the godhead and and this gentleman and I have been emailing back and forth and we really just come to the spot. We're just going to agree to disagree uh on most things. But as you know, as we had this maybe an hour, maybe 45 minutes. Again, I'm not good at estimating time or remembering time, but maybe it was half an hour, but dur I was more okay. Well, this time I'm short. Wow, that's rare. I'm actually short. I usually overestimate things. Um, you know, of course, I was nervous because I wasn't really prepared. I didn't have I wasn't studying on the Godhead. But as time went along, I just got more relaxed. And it all boiled down to this. You know, when we talked about different verses, we both agreed on the verses. um we just didn't agree on the word person. Okay. Uh and a person is someone who has a separate personality, right? Uh and and it boiled down to this. And I said, you know, I don't believe any or I'm sorry, I believe every word in the Bible about the Godhead. And I said, the trouble with your belief is that you're adding to the Bible. And of course, he was kind to accept that. He said, I was a heretic. Well, I said, well, I believe you're a heretic, too. and we just agree while we're eating our supper, you know, uh we just agreed to be uh to believe each other was a heretic. But I left there really stirred up like, "Praise God, there's no way he can defeat our revelation. Praise God." Now, he'd probably say the same thing, right? But when it all boils down to it, who's adding to the Bible? Okay. And as we'll see again, there's such awful fruits. So, can you switch over? Let me I shared this a couple years ago when I preached. Let me just share this example here. Here's here's the modern-day fruits of trinitarianism. You probably remember this, don't you? Everybody remember that maybe faintly. Okay, you have you have the head of the Catholic Church shaking a Catholic president's hand when he was president. Okay, now what are these people? They're trinitarian. They're pagan idolattors because if you go back to the actual definition, they say uh God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost. Three separate persons who are fully God. Although they're not saying it, they're they're actually declaring tritheism. Three gods is what they're actually saying. And as I asked my good trinitarian friend there, I said, "Why would the second person when he's being baptized who's already fully God, 100% divine, why does he need two other 100% divine people to fill him?" Okay? And he didn't and uh he didn't have an answer. Okay? He didn't have an answer. So they they won't admit it, but they're idoltors, right? and adulterers. This man's been married twice, the former president. Murder. What I mean by that is they funded millions of abortions, not just in this country, but in other countries. So, they're they're uh uh they're accompllices, that's the word. Some days I can actually remember the word. They're accompllices to murderers, supporting murder. Okay. Uh and of course uh we know if you know anything about history u during the the dark ages there in Rome uh the priests and nuns had relations and had many abortions there as well right there in Rome. And at one point I forget how many thousands again I I probably I probably botched the estimate I think it was a thousand uh of those nuns were prostitutes if not more if not more. of course in in secret, you know, to the priests and everything like that, but it's it's the whole history of it is is is abominable. So, they're abominations. And now what I mean by witchcraft is uh the cocaine that was found in the White House last year. Remember that? Oh, and they just couldn't figure that out with all the cameras in there and the best security. I can't figure who brought that in. No, I can't figure that out. Uh and then of course the president's son was was has a laptop full of all that uh being funded by tax dollars. That's the wickedest part of it. Well, one of the most wicked parts of it. And so this is what we would say a more modern th this is what the Catholic Church or the the trinitarian doctrine has produced. Now it doesn't produce that in every church, but it will produce something. As I saw with my dear uh uh my dear friend, you know, uh the reformed friend, they still let the women wear makeup and cut their hair and wear pants and crossdress. Abomination. Because if if you let a little levan in there, it's going to spread. If you don't clean it out, it's going to spread. Hallelujah. Just as we know, if we don't clean out our our lives, the sin's going to spread into other areas of our lives. Okay. So, I'm going to go way back here and eventually get to this. This is from an old sermon when I preached that series on the godhead. But I'll start right there. Uh and of course I write a whole chapter on this in the book, but the main contradiction uh is here uh is the father is not the holy spirit, right? Because if if if that's true, then Jesus had two fathers. And I forget how the man explained that, but it didn't make any sense to me. Uh because if they're separate, if they're separate now, they're separate. They're distinct. They're not the same person. They're two they're two different persons. Well, then how can how can how can Jesus have one dad if they're two separate persons and he's conceived of the Holy Ghost? I think the man's wording, my friend's wording was, "Well, God used the channel of the the Holy Ghost." Well, that doesn't fit the scripture. That's not what the scripture says. The scripture says the Holy Ghost overshadowed Mary to conceive the body of Jesus. So, they try to get around it, but of course, uh, of course, they're they're going to be adding to the word of God. All right. So, just a little introduction there by God's grace. And of course, the word tritheism is the doctrine that there are three distinct gods. They'll never say that, but they say God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost, right? And there's no such thing. Look up God the Son. God the Son is not in the Bible, right? You see, God the Father's in there. Even God the Holy Ghost isn't in there. Unless Brother Cam and I were talking on Saturday, how come in all Paul's greetings, he always leaves out the Holy Ghost? He always like, "Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who's blessed us in heavenly places." He never mentions the Holy Ghost. Why would he leave out a third co-equal person? Why would you do that if he's co- if the third person is co-equal? Uh why would you leave him out? If he's equally important, why would you leave one person out? Doesn't make any sense, right? Uh so a very good point there. Uh we want to make that point by God's grace. All right. Uh and then yeah, we'll get to that. I kind of want to again close with that. But just again a visual there's 8 billion people on the earth. You know 2.3 billion are trinitarians. Two billion are atheists or agnostics. Two billion are Muslims. Okay case false god. 1 billion Hindus. That's multiple that's millions of gods if not more. Uh 24 million are one is Pentecostals and two to four maybe are message believers. But that number goes down every day. Right? Because these these people that are leaving the message. All right. So uh we get that. Now also remember trinitarianism uh comes from and I don't remember which nation this was uh but that was Egypt right e Egypt has Isis set and Osiris as three three deities right and so we have uh there's multiple examples I got it written down in my book the Hindu Hindu has a trinity as well they've all got uh Satan's done this in other religions and he's just brought it over to pervert the Christian church right because they wonder then who do I pray to uh who do I uh who who who do I seek and do I seek the father or the son or the holy ghost? And then the Catholics say like Malachi saw that video. Um, you know, Jesus is so busy. Well, let's pray to Mary, right? Surely Jesus will listen to Mary just like he did with with the wine, right? That that's their that's their nonsense. It doesn't even make sense. It's nonsense, right? Okay. Then that's the picture. That's the picture that they all have in their minds. Okay. But remember, there's no scripture where Jesus, it says Jesus has brown hair in heaven, right? He's always got white hair, white like wool. Oh, yeah. Cam had a good point about the dove. How can a dove make Mary conceive? A dove, right? A dove. And every time it speaks of the Holy Ghost, uh, it's got to be a dove. Well, how does that work? There's no mention of a dove in heaven, right? So, they're equal. So, there's all these uh all these, of course, problems and contradictions. Uh in my book I have the Aanian creed and there's I have s I I found six contradictions just in the creed and so it's just full of con uh uh contradictions. Now the Bible word is manifestation and my friend looked at me and he says why are you twist twisting the word manifestation to fit your doctrine? I said I'm not twisting the scripture. I'm using the scripture to make a doctrine. I thought that's a pretty harsh accusation there. I'm twisting a scripture. um my doctrine or my my my my my doctrine is based upon the scripture. And I said, you well, you're the one who's adding to the scripture, right? You're three persons is not in the Bible. So, remember first Tim uh I'm sorry. Yeah. Okay, I'll have this up here. Uh 1 Timothy 3:16, of course, says God was manifest in the flesh. Okay. And then I got to look up uh 1 Corinthians, I think it's 12:7, if I'm not mistaken. 1 Corinthians 12:7. Yes. 1 Corinthians 12:7. So the son is called a manifestation which means an appearing. Uh and the holy ghost in your life is called a manifestation. Verse 12. 1 Corinthians 127. Sorry I said verse it's verse 7. It's chapter 12. But the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. So the holy ghost is God the father. But when the Holy Ghost comes upon us, now it's a manifestation. It's appearing in another way. Hallelujah. Okay? Or it's an expression. That's the word the brother had in his new uh translation of the Bible. Or exhibition or be bestowment or appearing. So uh let's use Bible words. If we're going to be Bible believers, yet let's use Bible words. Hallelujah. And uh my title for today is growing in the Godhead and looking at the life of brother Brandham. So we get growing in grace in second Peter chapter 3. So let's go there. Second Peter chapter 3. Just a quick brief overview here. Peter ends the book uh in verse uh six, I'm sorry, 18. 2 Peter 3:18. But grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and forever. Amen. So uh there there's room for us to grow in the knowledge. The knowledge of course is a deep understanding. And so we are uh called to grow in grace. And I'll say like this. Let's recognize that we need more grace. Let's rec and let's give grace to other people. Praise God. We could grow in that area of grace. And of course, we can grow in the knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. You know, I look at uh I look at the chapter I wrote and wow, I I I grew in a lot of knowledge over the years. I didn't know all that when I first came in the message, right? But I was able to grow in the understanding and still just keep everything with the scripture. Just stay in with the word of God. And recently remember I showed you the timelines of how uh the baptism was changed around 100 AD and then they started getting the word trinitas and trinity you know about 200 to 300 AD. Then you have the council na where Constantine went all in. He started funding the church and then it became the false church right he married church and state. Okay. So we uh understand that by God's grace. Okay. Now uh I want to few lay a few more. Now remember Proverbs 35 and 6 says to not add to the word of God. Let's read that. Proverbs 35 and 6. We go. Every word of God is pure. He's a shield unto them that put their trust in him. add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a liar. So, if God reproves you, he's going to show you that he's right. Uh he's going to convict you that you're wrong. That's what one of the word, one of the definitions is, rebuke you. Hallelujah. So, uh and then God calls them liars. Now, think about that. All these trinitarians when they go to heaven, they're going to find out they they were lying. Now, brother Ham sainly or plainly says it. I can't even speak tonight. Uh plainly says it and the Bible does too. God winks at ignorance until you understand the truth. Right? Because in the Bible, he said he winked at it and but now he's commanding everyone to repent, right? But we still get the we get the principle that God winks at ignorance until you know the truth. Right? And the the best example is what brother one of the brothers asked I think it was brother Claude uh how God is going to wink at the Jews for rejecting Christ according to the fifth seal and it's thus sayeth the Lord because of Romans 11 God has to blind them for a season because the Jews rejected the Messiah. God blinds them and he gets him a gentile bride. Hallelujah. You should be glad you're the Gentile bride. Hallelujah. We're very thankful we're the gentile bride. Okay. And then we're familiar. We're not going to read it, but Revelation 22 says, "If you add to the word the prophecy, then the plagues are added to you. If you take away, your name will be taken out of the book of life, but only if you're aware of it." Praise God. Because look at John Wesley, Martin Luther, right? They they believe God was a trinity. Martin Luther wrote songs about the Trinity. That's how much he loved the Trinity. Um we we sang I think I don't think he wrote that one, but um we sang the song Holy Holy Holy. I just changed the lyrics. You know, God's one true person, bless divinity. Hallelujah. Not three. Yeah. Yeah. Brother, that's right. Brother Daniel from Junction City said, he said, "You sang that one time and you changed the lyrics." He said, "Can you share those lyrics with me?" I said, "Yes, sir. They were divinely inspired, I think, to get rid of the three persons and give it back to one. God's one true person because it's one God manifest in the flesh." Hallelujah. Okay, so that's a little bit of a foundation there. And uh like I said, I'm going to be a little heavier on quotes here tonight, but remember, Brother Ram says, "God doesn't tell his prophets everything." So, you're going to see here. Yeah, it's just striking me now. For about 20 years, Brother Ram agrees with the Trinity full go, fully believes with it for he preaches for 20 years uh that that uh that God is three persons and agrees with it. Says he loves the trinity. He says the trinity is in his heart. I believe in the second third person as I'm going to read it to you for 20 years and all of a sudden God gives him revelation. Then he starts noticing things about it and then eight years after that then he says thus sayeth the Lord it's of the devil. See because he starts reading history and starts putting it all together and sees it. You know church there's a story of uh the late brother James Browning. What a good Browning. What a good pastor. He was the pastor up in Sheffield before brother Samuel. Of course, he was his father. But he told me this story. He said, "For years, I took this quote where brother Brandham said this uh quote about Jesus baptism." And brother Brandham says this quote and the voice came when Jesus was baptized and said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased to dwell in." Now, did I say that? Did I quote the scripture right? Yes or no? No. Let's read it. Matthew chapter 3. So, Brother Ram for years said this, and I'm not sure if he ever corrected it u on tape. So, brother James would take that quote and he would tell Trinitarians, well, no, uh, when Jesus was baptized, uh, the voice said, "Whom I'm well pleased to dwell in." So, see, the father had to dwell in the sun. And eventually the trinitarian's like, "Brother James, it does. The Bible doesn't say that." And he's like, "Yes, it does. Brother Bam said so." And he went back to the Bible and found out it doesn't say that. So, what did Brother James do? Did he say, "Well, I believe every word on the tape. I'm going to press play and obey. A prophet of God is inspired. No, he he had realized, oh, I've got to balance. I've got to take everything back to the word. I've got to prove all things like the Bible. And brother Brandham said, Matthew chapter 3, it's at the end of the chapter, verse 17. And lo, a voice from heaven saying, this is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. Brother Ram said if you get the uh the diglat digglot it'll say I'm well pleased to dwell in. Now I don't have I don't have it here. I got it at home but I don't know if that's right or not. He might have got his books confused but we're just making a point there. Right. We're making a point um that people can have beliefs and they can hold it for a long time. Right? We didn't have everything uh figured out when we first came in the message did we? Like I heard myself, remember last year I shared that quote uh or I shared that story. I was listening to brother uh a brother preach and and the brother said, "St. Paul couldn't handle living in today's uh world. He wouldn't be strong enough. Only you could handle." And I I heard my voice on the tape say, "Amen, brother." Well, now I don't believe that. Now here we are 20ome years later. I don't believe that. I believe Paul could have lived in any day because he was a child of God, right? And he gave his life. He was beheaded for the gospel of Jesus Christ. But God just allowed him to live in that age, the age of the line anointing. And the church said, "But the man said, don't you forget all the days of your life. Those beasts are thus sayeth the Lord. Don't you ever forget them." So we're living with the eagle anointing, the prophetic anointing to watch and pray. Hallelujah. To rise above the world. Okay. So that's the good a good example there that you can plainly see how God doesn't tell his prophets everything. I think it was 13 years that Jacob didn't know Joseph was alive. And God never told him. He let him weep it out, cry it out, pout it out all those years, "My son's dead. My son's dead." And the whole time he's becoming a great man in Egypt because God doesn't tell his prophets everything. Nathan's like, "David, do all that's in your heart." God's like, "Go back and tell him, no, you're not going to build the house of God." What an embarrassment. I just told him to do everything he wants. No, you're not going to do everything you want. I got to go. I got to go correct the king. When you got thus sayith the Lord, you do. Hallelujah. So, see, God doesn't tell his prophets everything. All right. Now, I'm going to briefly again uh review uh those eight points, the eight problems with the trinity. They add to the Bible. The Trinity dogma adds to the Bible. Second, Jesus and apostles taught and affirmed pure Hebrew monotheism rather than trinitarianism. Right? Jesus quotes Deuteronomy 6. Here, O Israel, the sheima, the Lord our God is one Lord. He never quote, he never creates anything about three persons. Okay? Third, the Aanian creed has at least six contradictions, multiple contra contradictions. Fourth, there's Mabel, I'm sorry, there's major Bible contradictions and inconsistencies between Trinitarianism, between Trinitarians, right? So, like this brother I'm talking to, the reformed brother, he seems pretty close to the Bible, right? When I talked to him, I was like, he's pretty close other than that three persons part. And friends, I got a quote. Brother says, "All Trinitarians really believe the same thing anyway. It's the devil just getting in there making them think they're better than each other. That's true for some trinitarians, but not all of them, right? Okay. So, they don't have any they don't have any unity even amongst themselves. Fifth, uh the in early trinitarians didn't affirm the Holy Ghost was divine until 381 AD at the council of Constantinople. Six, trinitarian images like this false image are deceptive, creating false representations of the godhead. Seven. Some trinitarians use two fear tactics to persuade others to believe in the trinity. They call you heretic or you they say you're going to hell. And I wrote my book, Why would God send someone to hell who would only believe the Bible and wouldn't add to the Bible? You It's the opposite. God will take you to heaven because you don't add to the word of God. That's according to Revelation 22 18 and 19. So I'm doing some teaching tonight. So hope it's a blessing here. And then eighth, God sent a prophet with thus sayeth the Lord. Uh, trinitarianism is of the devil because we see what it's produced. Look what it's produced in the Roman Catholic Church. Okay, so we got a good background there on the review. Um, now let's start. I'm going to get on some quotes here. I got I got uh Oh, yeah. Plenty of time. Good. I got 33 minutes here still left on my hour by God's grace. Okay. So, uh again I got about 22 quotes uh where brother Ram supports the trinity even publicly even in his home church until he starts changing his understanding of it. But again I was and I told this this kind person I said I might preach on it on Wednesday. Uh because the person said well I've been listening to uh brother Ram's sermon starting at the beginning going through and and brother Ram never believed in the trinity. And I was like well I'm pretty sure he did. Let me go back and look. Uh, and of course I went back and looked and I found that he did. Yeah, of course. So, um, but I want to I told that individual I would preach on it in a very kind way. So, I want to be very kind tonight by God's grace and just uh agree to disagree. I believe Brother Ram did believe in the Trinity and then later God showed him it's a trinity of manifestations, but it's just better not to use the word trinity at all. Praise God. Okay. You could though, you could say a trinity of manifestation. That's what I told my friend. But I just don't like the word because look what it leads to. Look what it has produced, right? Look at the Roman Catholic Church today. All right. The first quote where brother supports the Trinity in 1950. Okay. So he's uh he's already been pastoring 17 years. 17 years. The first time on tape. He goes, "Our God came down, that third person yonder, into the flesh again and lives tonight in his people." Brother Amtt gives it a hallelujah. He gives it not an amen, a hallelujah. I've got other quotes you'll see. He'll talk about the third person. He'll say, "Is that right?" Now, my our dear my dear friend said, "Brother Bam was just saying that to try to win over the audience." To me, that that would be brother Ram being deceptive. And I don't believe Brother Ram was trying to deceive the people. Okay. Now, what I do believe is that Brother Ram understood this doctrine doesn't apply to salvation unless you worship three persons. Then you're lost, right? Because you're an idoltor, right? And you don't know the true God. Okay. Next quote is in uh 1951. Uh this is Janu July. He's in Erie, Pennsylvania. The first one is Little Rock, Arkansas. The next one is he's praying. He says, "And we've chosen these few words to read from thine. And may the Holy Spirit, the third person of the Trinity, come now. Come in now. The promise, the comforter that you said you would send, and he would take the things of God, pardon me, and would show them unto us." Okay. So, he's praying. May the third person come and show us what's in the word of God. Next quote uh from the very same sermon. He said, "Let me give you a small picture of what I think God is, what the trinity of God is. There's different arguments in the world concerning the trinity of the Godhead. All them believe the same thing, but the devils just got between them and got them all broke up. That's all." So, brother thought they all just believe the same thing and the devil got in there. But really, I'm sure he found out later there's lots of different kinds of trinitarianism. I just want you to see this. Brother said, "God is just like the air. He fills all the universe." Now, that's not what he says later. Did anybody pick that up? Later, he says even uh six years later, he says, "God is not just like the air, but he's in a body." I think it's called pantheism where you they believe God is in the tree, right? They believe God is in the any living thing. God's right in there, right? So, Brother Bam, brother Bam makes this statement. I'm not saying he had this pantheistic idea, but he makes this statement and he corrects it later. He says, "God is not like the air. God lives in a spiritual body." Right? God has a body. All right. Next one. Uh September 51. So two months later, he said, "Then then suffered under Pontius Pilate, crucified, buried, rose the third day, sitting at the right hand of God the Father, making intercessions now. For we who've accepted the Holy Spirit, the third person of the Trinity, and in our hearts tonight, he rules and reigns." The third person of the Trinity rules and reigns in our hearts. And he has said, "Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe when you receive them, you shall have them." We believe it. So he's saying we believe the third person rules and reigns in our hearts. That's what I emailed Joseph Random. I now I didn't I didn't have his is his his email address. I sent it to the voice of God. I said could you please ask Joseph if he believes a third person burns in your heart. Burns in his heart. And you know what his reply was? It was like two sentences. I believe uh the the tapes and the uh the tapes is the revelation of Jesus Christ. Hebrews 13:8. So he basically gave a non-answer but he answered by saying yes I believe everything on the tapes. So I think brother's son believes the third person burns in his heart. Well then you'd have to reject other quotes to accept that. Here it is. Here's the I believe. So nobody can tell me brother didn't believe in the trinity. Listen to this. I believe that he returned back in the form of the Holy Ghost. the second third person of the trinity come back as the comforter and is with us working the same thing that Jesus Christ did when he was here on earth. Now that's either right or wrong. Now that's the way you got to take God. He said I believe and who's been keeping track. We're going to get up past 22. I I haven't been. Hopefully somebody out there been Well, I should have told you to keep track. So let me go back up. Let's start keeping track. Who wants to keep track? Somebody raise your hand. Okay. All right. Virtue Haven. Victoria, keep track. Okay. So, I got uh right one, God and his people, Little Rock. Two, the resurrection of Lazarus, Erie, Pennsylvania. Uh three, resurrection of Lazarus, same quote. Four, hopes in God, third person ruling and reigning our hearts. And five, okay, we've done five, so put five tallies on there. Okay, here's number six. This is the one where brother says he loves the third person. Think about that. He's like, "Oh, I just love this third person." See, but he grew. The prophet can grow in understanding. So, this is number six. Truly, we're not much of this world. He's praying. We've looked uh we're looked down upon, but God, we believe, we're accepted in Christ Jesus, and in return has given us the Holy Ghost. We love him. That great third person of the Trinity who burns through our hearts and we love him. Oh, Holy Spirit, I thank you for your divine leading and how you led me here to Hammond, Indiana. We love him. I believe in him. I love him. Did Brother Anne believe in the Trinity? That's six. Here's number seven. I might as well just type it on here, too, then. I know. God testifying of his gifts. He says, ' Then Jesus Christ comes into his church into his people to manifest himself out through the people while he himself is sitting at the right hand of the father sending back the holy spirit the third person of the trinity to live in human beings to work through them to show the same works he did in the beginning making him yes the same yesterday today and forever is that right and everybody says amen they don't say no brother no that's wrong no no no number eight Who's believed our report? Hammond, Indiana. How many believes that? Well, that Holy Spirit is the Holy Spirit of God. Is that right? The third person of the Trinity, Jesus Christ. He calls Jesus Christ the third person of the Trinity. And then he he quotes Jesus again from the book of John. And then he says, "Then if he's going to be with us in us to the end of the world, that makes him the same yesterday, today, and forever." Is that right? There's eight. All right. Nine. Here's the first time first time he he talks about it positively that I can find in the home church in Jeffersonville, Indiana. This is number nine. Witnesses. He's praying. He's at the beginning. May the Holy Spirit, the third person of the Trinity, come take the word of God and place it into every heart just as it has need of. Let the third person come and place it into your heart. Oh my. Then he says, "We love you in the name of thy beloved son." Amen. Okay, here's number 10, June 1953. He says, "And he put his supernatural being, which was called man, the third person of the Trinity, Holy Spirit, into mankind." That's exactly right. He says, "That's exactly right. Not exactly wrong. That's exactly right." Number 11, the third person of the Trinity. listen is moving all over the building. We say it's the Holy Ghost. Brother Brandham said this was a third person of the Trinity. Oh my. All over the building. Oh. Oh, I just have to say this. There's two or three dozen raised hands. God's provided sacrifices here. God's Holy Spirit, the third person, the Trinity, the Holy Ghost is now moving over the building. What made you raise your hand, sinner? He's even uh giving credit to the third person for sinners getting saved. Okay. So, now we come to the Now, don't don't write this one down. This is this is negative here. Here, this is So, we're still on 11, but we're going to get to 12 in a little bit. So, here's the first time he has a negative comment about the Trinity that I can find. It's Sim I think it's Simon's birthday. That'd be very uh very applicable. It' be very uh meaningful. July 29th, 1953. Now, of course, Simon wasn't born till 77. Brother man said, "Now there's been three dispensations. The fatherhood, the sunship, and the Holy Spirit dispensation." See what I mean? We don't say our gods. That's heathen. And the Jew knows that. But when you can make it to him that this Jesus is God, Jehovah God, not a second or a third person. It's the same person all the time making himself manifest. Now look, he doesn't say it negatively like it's of the devil. He just said it's not a second or third person the first time. This is 20 years since he's been pastoring. I hope most of my beliefs say the same. But if God wants to correct me on something, he's more than welcome to. Hallelujah. And here church, this is one thing I've never find brother apologized for being a trinitarianism. So think about that. See church that if things don't pertain to salvation and doesn't hurt anybody, you don't have to apologize for it. You just have to recognize, well, I grew. God gave me greater revelation. That's one thing I found about brother Ram. Rarely does he ever apologize for times where he he grew in understanding. He even called the white horse rider the Holy Ghost and it turned out to be the devil or the antichrist spirit. And he never apologized about that. Church, that shows how merciful God is. Yes, you recognize your wrongs, but God is not going to hold it against you. As I showed our brother, who shall lay any charge to God's elect? Amen. What a friend we have in Jesus. Hallelujah. Okay. Number 12. Four months later, he's in Indiana at a different church and he says God sent back the third person to the church. He said he's sitting by the father and he sent the holy spirit back, the third person, the trinity, to bear record of his being. Okay. number 13, December 1953 in public uh in Chicago, Illinois. And he cleansed us from our sins that God himself might come in the third person now and live in the human heart. Okay. Number 14, April 1954. Still positive to the public about the third person. Now, there does come a point where it seems like he's no longer positive about the Trinity, but guess what? It's after the seals are open. Number 14. Now, Father, he's praying in uh Kentucky, Louisville, Kentucky. Take the word and may the Holy Spirit, the third person of the Trinity comes, take the word of God and break it out to the people and put it every in every heart where it has need where God would send it. We ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. All right. Number 15 in New York. He still supports the third person of the Trinity. Now tonight, Jesus Christ has risen from the dead and is living right here among us in spirit form called the Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit of God, which is Jesus Christ the third person of the Trinity. Yet trinitarians will say he's the second person of the Trinity. The Ram said Jesus is the third person of the Trinity. Number 16. Uh I'm sorry, no, don't count this one. Nope. This is a back in his home church in October 54. He said there's no third person, so don't count this one. Oh, it looks like I got some of these counted. Okay. I said uh I said he wasn't no third person or second person. He was the same person made flesh in order to take away our sins. He had to come and make a sacrifice. So there he got it right again or he's growing there. All right. Now it's number 16. Everybody write that one down. This is in uh Sou Falls, South Dakota. And the Lord Jesus, he's in the form of the Holy Ghost, the third person, is here tonight in his resurrection doing the same thing in his church that he did when he was here to carry on the work of the to the last enemy which is put under his feet. Now, what Brother Ram's accusers church will say is that brother Ram just changed his doctrine when he was in a church that had different beliefs. They try to attack his character. But to me, Brother Bam realizes, as the coach will show, he realizes Trinity doesn't pertain to salvation. So, he's just being kind and respecting their beliefs. But he's starting to realize now, I don't believe in three persons, but he knows he's going into a trinitarian church. And so, he just preaches that there's three persons. Okay? That's what I can see. Just like if I if I didn't believe something was uh just like when I preached at the Baptist church a few times, right? What did I do? I I just I I changed the message a little bit and I didn't come out and blast their beliefs, right? But I laid the truth in there about the three works of grace, but I know they don't believe in the three works of grace, but I try to say it a simple way where they might be able to catch the revelation. I wonder since then, they haven't had me back. I wonder if I stepped on their toes with just something small like that. That's okay. That's fine with me. If the if the word of God hurt your toes, well then that's then let it hurt your toes. Praise God. Right. Can't get mad about that. Number 17 in February uh 1958 still supporting the Trinity in South Ben, Indiana. So the one that has been among us died and rose again in glor is glorified in the presence of God tonight comes back in the form of the third person. the the Trinity, the Holy Spirit dwells in us and moves and proves himself to be the same Lord Jesus. Number 18 now in Harrisburg, Virginia. Let him open your eyes. He's the Holy Spirit, the third person of the Trinity here tonight to grease up your eyes with God's salve. So the dove is going to third person is going to give you grease for your eyes. Okay. Now, here's a quite a statement. This is number 19, right? Number 19. This is in his home church, but notice here's where he used trinity in a positive way. Look what brother Ram says. I don't say this to hurt. I'm a trinitarian, too. Wait, wait. Did I read that right? Yeah, I did. Brother Ram said, I'm a trinitarian, too. I believe in the Trinity, the three attributes of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, but not three gods. Okay. So, I got a quote where brother says, "I'm a trinitarian, too." And people people might say he was never a trinitarian. Well, it depends what how you define it. But I just showed you where he said, "I believe in the third person, and we love the third person who's in our hearts." That's number 19. Okay. Number 20. What it takes to overcome uh Washington. Now remember the Jesus I'm talking about is the third person which is the Holy Spirit which is in us God in us. Okay. All right. Now the next one is doesn't count. So don't don't do a tally mark. He's in his home church. The kinsman redeemer October 1960. I differ with Billy Graham on three individual persons in the godhead. He's in his home church or any other trinitarian teacher on that. I believe in a trinity of course but not in that manner them being three persons. They're one person. They're one person. See the plural? They're there. The manifestations are one person. Okay. Number 21. November 1960 is in Louisiana. He says Jesus Christ, the resurrected one, the one you call the third person is the same person that's in our midst now working in our flesh as God worked in the flesh of his own son Jesus Christ is working the flesh of adopted children through Jesus Christ as he promised. Brother Ram said the third person is in our midst now. And before he said he doesn't even believe in the third person. So what is he doing? He's he's letting them believe what they want because it's a minor. It's not a major church. I've I did a search last week too. I've done all the major and minor quotes. And brother Bam only says the major doctrine is what? Salvation. Everything else he says is minor. Communion. Remember I I shared that on Wednesday. Communion is a minor. It doesn't pertain to salvation. If you take communion or don't, it doesn't save you. What saves you is faith in the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Saved by grace. Brother said gifts don't save you. Tongues, interpretation, prophecy. He said blood in your hand doesn't save you. All these things, being a preacher doesn't save you. What saves you is faith in the blood of Christ. Hallelujah. There's 21. Now, Brother Ram says, "No, now he's taking it up a little notch here." And this this is not 22. This is uh against it. He's talking about uh trinitarians. Okay, now I lost my spot. Okay, you say, "Well, now he's the third person or the second person." You ain't got no seal yet, so just leave it alone. See, you're done off the paper there. So then there's no such thing as that in the Bible. We bless the trin the holy trinity. You're not even on the paper now because there's no such thing as trinity ever mentioned in the Bible. So now he finally starts during the right after the church age. Was that the that's Yeah. Right. Right before the church age series. Now he starts making a distinction. People that call God three gods and three persons. He said, "You're not even sealed yet. You're not born again. You're not baptized with the Holy Ghost." Okay? Okay. So, he starts making a distinction there in his home church. Okay. Uh let's see. Three months after that, here's number 22. Put a tally. I'm going to count with you now. Abraham in Long Beach, California. See that? Then that same word, Christ, the promise, the Holy Ghost. You call the third person of the Trinity. That's fine. He says, he just said, you can't you're not sealed if you believe if you believe in it. And he says that's fine. You call him the third person of the Trinity. See, he's letting them believe what they want. Church, don't you know brother preached in Amy Simple McFersonson's church after she died. She'd been married two times, but she believed in divine healing and the Holy Ghost and tongues. And Brother preached at a former woman's church. That's a stinger, isn't it? The prophet of God. It's called the Fourquare Gospel Church. I think it was called Angelus Temple if I'm not mistaken. I have to look that one up. It's one of the biggest churches. She had one of the first mega churches that now that causes some people to stumble, but not me because I can see what he's doing. He's just trying to cast the net out. He's just taking every invitation to try to catch this the predestinated seed. Hallelujah. Look where God found me. God found me in the chapel. a predestinated seed. Simon threw the net out, right? He threw the net in the chapel. Simon got me caught in the net by the grace of God. Hallelujah. See, so sometimes God will just he'll just allow somebody to go and it might seem strange, but allow uh brother Brandham to preach there in a former woman's church and pull out the elect. Also, it's also if none get pulled out, then it's a rebuke and witness against them that they rejected the truth. Or maybe it's a a wise virgin trying to help out a foolish version like Abraham helped out Lot. I'm almost done. Bear with me here. I know it's been a long week already. I know it's been a long week for me, too. Now, here's the first time. We're at 22, right? Here's the first time, Brother Ram says outside of his church that the Trinity is wrong. Guess when it was St. Patrick's Day. All right. 1961. It's in Middletown, Ohio. Glory, Ohio. So when he was descending from heaven, not another three people left down there talking, but they saw the spirit of God like a dove. That's who the spirit was. Not the third person talking. Not three gods but three offices of the same God. God the father and the pillar of fire. God the son or he even says God the son in human flesh. God the holy ghost in you. The same God. In the church age book. Brother says there is no God the son. Because son already means you had a beginning. And God had no beginning ever. Now I'm going to save my spot there. Let me read you the a little bit more on the thus sayith the Lord quotes. Uh I'm just going to read real briefly. The ram says, uh, thus sayith the Lord, trinitarianism is of the devil. Look where it came from, the council of Nika. Now, do you say then, do you believe all these trinitarians are of hell? No, sir. I believe they're Christians. But the hour is approaching, brother, when they're sincerely wrong. Brother Ram says, "Any any minister that wants to challenge me on that?" He said, "I'm waiting for you to give me a call on the phone, not text me." Okay. But the man said, "If you got scripture to support it, I'll be looking for you or listening for your call." And and all the people you I heard him preach it. They're all all the preachers are laughing. Nobody's going to call them because you don't have any scripture that says these three persons like those literal words, right? Now look, look, he says here. Now listen, look at listen quote. The same quote, the same quote. He says, "Thus sayith the Lord." Oh, he says it again. Remember I say this, thus sayith the Lord, if you believe me to be a servant. So twice he says trinitarianism of the devil. Thus sayith the Lord. And then twice he says they're saved. Listen this exact quote. I believe that many thousands. Everybody say thousands. Thousands of trinitarian people who believe in three gods is saved. He says three gods. That's what the quote says. Now he could have slipped. He could add a slip of the tongue. Maybe he met uh maybe he meant three persons, right? But there's no thus sayith the Lord around this one. See, because they don't know any difference. We're going to get to that down the message. So, see again this principle, God winks at the ignorance, right, of Martin Luther and John Wesley. Hallelujah. God winks at their ignorance. They just they didn't they they didn't know better. And brother Ram said, "Many thousands are saved even if they believe in three gods or we'll say three persons." How many enjoying this tonight by God's grace? I enjoyed going down through uh the history seeing how long it took God or how long God waited to reveal it to brother Bradom. It's really really quite striking. Okay, we're at 22. Okay. Okay. Now, don't don't put a tally, but uh in Chicago, Illinois, he says, "Somebody says, "Brother Bam, are you a trinitarian?" No, sir, I'm not a trinitarian. I'm a Christian. Remember a few last year, the year before, he said he was a trinitarian. But it depends if you mean three persons or three manifestations. Depends which one you mean. Okay, I think I'm at Am I at 22, girls? You got the tallies. Okay, so it looks like it is 22. Now, I do may have some more quotes. Okay. So, I think yeah, I think that might be it as far as my quotes. Let's see. Doesn't pertain to salvation. Okay. And then there's positive. Okay. Now, here's a positive one. Now, um yeah, this one doesn't say three persons, so I'm going to leave it at 22 because here's uh back in Washington. Brother Ram said, "See, everything in the Bible is in a trinity. You know that you're in a trinity." Brother Ram says, "Soul, body, spirit. You're a trinity. See, closely related parts. Body, soul, spirit. Uh, nature, can you take out your spirit real quick so we can examine it? And uh, Haven, can you can you bring your soul up here so we can examine your soul and make sure it's sealed? No, you can't separate, right? You can't you can't. They're closely related parts. So, yes, you could use the word I'm a trinity of three parts, but I'm one person. Okay, so that's brother Ram using it in a positive way. And just so you know, this is what I love. Brother Ram was a trinitarian for over for about probably 20 years of preaching. But when he got baptized, something told him he's supposed to be baptized in the name of Jesus. Look at this quote. Brother says, "When I was just a boy, before I ever heard of oneness, twice, three gods, four gods, ever what they got, I believe there was one God, and I believe that his name was Jesus. And I was baptized in the name of Jesus Christ by a missionary Baptist preacher because I asked him to do it. I preached it ever since. So even even though he didn't know if God was two, three, four, whatever he was, he knew Jesus was God because he'd seen Jesus. That's right. That's right. Even as a little child. Yeah. He'd seen Jesus in the sage field one night. Hallelujah. And he woke up sweating. That's right. Okay. So there's 22 quotes by God's grace where he says uh three persons or trinity in a positive light. Remember he told trinitarians it's fine you believe the third person. Um and so he was very gracious. We see brother man being super gracious. Okay. Now let's read two more. Um don't count these. We're going to leave it at you don't have to do tallies anymore. Thank you. For some reason, I thought I had more. But here's another positive use of the word trinity uh in the last year of his life, 1965. But now the true trinity of God being one manifested in Christ who was life and have broke the seals and conquered the enemy and rose up the one true and living God. I am he that was dead and I'm alive forever more and have the keys of death and hell. God in one made man and dwelt among us and conquered every enemy and had proved that the trinity of Satan was conquered. How many knew that God has a trinity? Satan has a trinity and the trinity of God was made known because only God alone had power to bring back life again. He was Emanuel. God had been manifested in the flesh. Hallelujah. Now, I forget the trinity of saint. I'm have to go look it up. Brother teaches it in the seven seals. So, forgive me. I forget it's something like beast and something else might be beast false prophet might deal with the the the the antichrist but I forget what the trinity of Satan was. So I need to go look that up. So somebody asked me that on Sunday night. Okay, don't let me forget that because brother said Satan comes in a tr trinity. Now listen to this quote. Here's a quote where people Oh, I was asked this on the debate in 2020 and they were trying to show that uh brother Brandham they were trying to make some false accusation against brother Brandham. Brother Brandham was talking to a preacher and and uh the preacher said we refuse any revelations. Brother Brandham said then you have to re refuse Jesus Christ for he is the revelation of God revealed in the flesh. Unless you see it, you're lost. Now listen to this quote. anointed ones of the end time. Jesus said, "Except you believe that I am he, you'll die in your sins." He is the revelation of God, the spirit of God revealed in human form. If you can't believe that, you're lost. You put him a third person, second person, or any other person besides God, you're lost. He says, "Except you believe that I am he, you'll die in your sins." A revelation. Now, it depends how you interpret this, right? Uh because mo the trinitarians I know they believe Jesus is God. The trouble is they believe two other people are God. That's the trouble. But if they don't know better church, they don't know better. Because I was a trinitarian and I know nothing about it. I just well everybody else believes it. We just sing about it. We we didn't know nothing. We never studied the the textbooks. Now I bought textbooks so I know what I'm talking about now. They say co-equal, co-eternal, uh everything uh distinct, three separate, distinct individual persons. I mean some of them go farther than that where it's almost three gods. Okay. So the the on the debate they asked me about this but I said to me I said if you're take if you're interpreting it like that then this was just brother Ram's opinion because I have other quotes where he says trinitarians are saved and there's no thus sayith the Lord attached to this quote. But think about that church. If you you refuse the revelation that Jesus is Messiah or that Jesus is God, that's what the Messiah is, God. God in flesh. If you if you refuse that, you are lost, right? Because then Jesus isn't divine. He's not God. But there's ignorant trinitarians that believe he's God. They fully man, fully God, but then they believe two other people are fully God, too. But they do believe Jesus is God. So, see, it depends how you interpret some of these quotes. I think we can make them fit together by God's grace. We can see Brother Ram's growth. Praise God. We can see Brother Ram's grace on people that are ignorant and they just don't know. Right. All right. Uh, and knoweth it not four months before he passed away. 65. That's God. God in a trinity is one. And without a trinity, he's not God. He can't be manifested any other way. See, some people might stumble at that, but you have to understand trinity has more than one definition. He says, "And neither can you be manifested without being the trinity person that you are." So when you shake people's hands tonight, say, "Have a good night, Trinity person." Because Abraham said, "You're a trinity person." That's what he says. You're a trinity person. You're three closely related parts, but you're one person. He said, "Body, spirit, soul. Without either of them, you're not complete." See, if you didn't have a soul, you'd be nothing. If you didn't have a human spirit, you'd be nothing. If you didn't have a body, you just be a spirit, not a body. So, God is complete in the triunity of a being. Not, now listen, not triunity of beings. See the s the plural not beings but it's a triunityity of one being father son and holy ghost is one true manifested God. God he says hallelujah. All right. Now there's four quotes at least where salvation is the greatest thing. Brother Ram never says uh brother Ram never says the godhead is greater than salvation as far as un the understanding of it. Now brother Ram does call the godhead and water baptism major doctrines in the beginning of the church age book in the in in the introduction. Okay? So we we could say those are major doctrines. Okay? But when brother talks about majors and minors in his quotes, the only major is salvation. So here's what he says. Brother Ram said, "In our mind lays hundreds of things that you've done, God, and the greatest of all we can think of is when you saved us from a life of death, wherein us dwelt death before because of sin and trespasses." So, what's the greatest thing in your mind tonight? How great you are, how much money you make, how how tall, or how beautiful or how handsome you are. No, the greatest thing is that God gave us salvation. God gave us eternal life. Think about all the great things God has done. What's the greatest thing? Oh, I had this dream. I I felt shivers down my spine. I spoke in tongues. I prophesied. I preached the house down. All these people come to the altar. No. The greatest thing you could think of is that God saved me from death. God saved us from death. I'm doing pretty good on time, too. Uh when brother said told sister had right, just say whatever you want. What'd she say? The greatest desire in my heart is to understand the godhead. How about serpent seeds? Some of you might say that. How about the church ages? Oh, the seven seals. The greatest desire in my heart is my two teenage boys that they may be saved. Why? Because that's eternal. But said, I give them to you in the name of Jesus Christ. 1961 said, "Do you love him with all your heart? Isn't he wonderful? What could we do without him?" Now, just what could you do? Could you tell me anything that would be greater? If you can show me something greater than that, I'll sell out what I got and long for that that you show me that's greater than this. Yes, sir. The greatest thing that I know of to know with the assurance that we are saved. To know that the very God that made heavens and earth would humble himself and come down and dwell amongst us and die for us. The greatest thing I know of is blessed assurance. Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine. And brother Ram says in 1963, perseverance, God has done something for you. He saved you. That's the greatest miracle there is. Amen. Okay. Now, if we can look here, let's go to Revelation one here. Let's go to Revelation. I'm closing with this. I'm at my hour. I got 25 seconds till my hours. Revelation 1. Brother Brandham reads uh verse 8 and verse 11. I'll I'll uh close that down. That old heathenist or heathen picture there, that heretical picture there. You had to stare at it all service, but you didn't have to. But I want you to understand how many understand better by God's grace. Amen. Revelation 18. I am the Alpha and the Omega, the beginning and the ending, sayeth the Lord, which is, look at this verse, which is, which was and which is to come, the Almighty. Who says that second person? No. So the Almighty said that verse 111 saying I am the alpha and omega and the first and the last and what thou seeest write in a book and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia and so forth. Now I'm closing with this because brother uses this in chapter one in case you just read it recently chapter one of the re uh the church age book. He said, "Trinitarians, they know there's one God according to scripture, but they try to make it a fantastic theory that God is like a bunch of grapes, three persons with the same divinity shared equally by all." But it plainly says here that Jesus is that which is, that which was, and that which is to come. He is the alpha and omega, which means he is the A to Z or the all of it. He's all of it because it's God manifested in flesh. He be Emmanuel, God with us. He's called the mighty God. The e the son is called the everlasting father because it's the father's body. He's everything. Brother said he's the almighty. He's the rose of Sharon, the lily, the valley, the bright and morning star, the righteous branch, the father, the son, the holy ghost. He is God almighty, one God. Hallelujah. He was one God manifest in the flesh. That ought to settle it. So 1 Timothy 3:16 ought to settle it for trinitarians. It's not a second God or second person. It's God manifest in the flesh. See church, that's what brother Bam taught us. Never leave that word. Never get out of that word. God came in a human form. That didn't make him another God. He was God. The same God. It It was a revelation then and it's a revelation now. One God. Let's stand to our feet. You've been a good audience tonight. There's my hour. Praise God. It's 8 o'clock. Can anybody believe it here tonight? Hallelujah. Musicians can come. I hope that was a help to you by God's grace church. I I thoroughly enjoyed that. Again, I was in a kind way. I was kind of challenged and I just thought, well, let me go look that up again. I I felt for sure over the years, I'd heard brother random say he believed that God was uh a trinity persons and so forth. And so I got you 22 quotes. 22 quotes. That's not just like one or two. And it spans from uh 1950 all the way I think it was up to I have to look I I think it was 61 if I'm not mistaken where he said that's fine. It's fine if you believe God is three persons. Now for us church, it's not fine for us because we have the revelation. Praise God. We know who God is. God is Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. God became flesh in his son Jesus Christ. Praise God. So I think, you know, on a service like this, it's good to close in prayer here where we could uh pray. You know, if you don't understand the Godhead, just give it some time, right? Because the Bible says, "Grow in grace and the knowledge of the Lord. And here's what I told that preacher. I said, I said, "Preacher, start with three and I'll bring you down to one." The Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost and the Father were the same spirit because or else Jesus had two dads. Now I brought you down to two. And then I said Jesus said, "I am that I am." Before Abraham was, I am. I said, "Now I brought your two down to one." Now I didn't say this, but I should have said, "If you believe God was two persons, I'd have more respect for you. I have I'd have a third more respect. And the church said because right now I have twothirds less respect for him, right? But again, I maybe I shouldn't say that. Maybe that that's a joke. Let let me make that a joke because church, if God doesn't ordain your eyes to see it, you're not going to see it. Because this is all by what? This is all by election. Predestination. It all goes back to God's predestination. What kind of vessel are we going to be? We should be a holy vessel. We should be more than a righteous vessel. A righteous person will believe there's one God. And they might even say three persons. But a holy person will know that Jesus is the almighty. He's the first and the last, alpha and omega, which was, which is, and which is to come. He's the A to Z. He's all of it. A holy person, in other words, a holy person will not add to the Bible. So friends, let's pray tonight for trinitarians. Also, if there's an area you don't understand, like my wife and I often talk about how deep serpent seed is, what if some people I I know the children have been telling me, seven seals have been deep or the thunders, you know, if they're deep, just pray tonight and say, "God, help me to grow in understanding." Hallelujah. In other words, we don't want we don't want the deeper things of God to be frustration. We have to understand that God will uh God will take us deeper. Just like when you go swimming, right? You guys didn't start off, you know, when you when your first little child, right, at grandma's pond, we don't throw you out into the middle right away. We let you walk slowly into the deeper waters, right? That's how God is. God's not going to throw you into the deep end and leave you out there to drown. I can't understand the serpent seat. I can't understand uh the Godhead. I can't understand the thunders. God will walk with you. What did I do with you all you girls? I walked out with you, right? No, no, I took you to classes so you can learn how to swim. Now, not everybody, but the older ones. God's going to take you through the class of life. I'll say like this, the class of revelation. So, if you don't understand something, don't be discouraged, right? And church, also, you can go study it yourself. If you want that software, I'll give you the software. You can download the app, but the app isn't good for searching. It's really hard to search. You got to have the exact words. With the app, you can find things a lot easier. I'm sorry, not that, but with the software, it's a lot easier. So, think about that. Maybe you want to invest in do your own study because church, I'll say like this. When you know it for yourself, you're anchored even more because it was God walking you down a little deeper in the water. Hallelujah. And the Bible says the spirit of God searches the deep things. Yay, the deep things of God. Remember, Brother Ram said it doesn't even take a revelation to understand water baptism. He said, "It's staring you right in the face." I love his plain speech. Hallelujah. How many have a trinitarian friend you'd like to pray for tonight? I do. I like I want to pray for my friend. You can stop the live stream
