################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - (6-22-25) The Value of a Day - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   (6-22-25) The Value of a Day - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDPTVez-VlI
========================================

Psalm 118 verse 24. I'm just going to preach a general kind of like a uh kind of like a maybe like a what I call it just like a evangelical sermon. I guess I'll call that u like to just preach on this little thought. I had it this week. The value of a day. I just want to preach on this thought. The value of a day. As I've been reading through the book of Psalms, you know, of course, I'm getting through a lot of David's thoughts and um just really blessed by what I read and it just inspires me and uh strengthens me and uh I think you'd be blessed here today uh by God's grace. The value of a day. Psalm 118 verse 24. How many grateful to be in the house of the Lord today? Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. So thankful to be in the house of the Lord. We'll just read that one verse uh by God's grace. Verse 24 if we can. Let's read that on three. One, two, three. This is the day which the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. May God add his blessing to the ring of his word. You may be seated. If you would just keep your Bibles handy. We're going to do a kind of like a just a maybe like a Bible study. We'll kind of see how uh the preaching goes. you know, last last week about preaching my voice out to, you know, there was such a poll uh for that subject there of overcoming iniquity by God's grace. Uh but today, I just like to look at this general thought of the value of a day. So, if you have your Bibles, we'll be turning uh lots of scripture here and just to give us maybe a fresh look at each and every day that God has given us. Uh we're starting with Genesis 1:3. Genesis 1:3. And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. So this is a different kind of light. This was before the sun because the sun and moon were made on the fourth day. So this is a different kind of a light. We would say this was the eternal light. Praise God. The spirit of God becoming visible. We call it the logos. Uh the Bible said Jesus Christ was the beginning of the creation of God. Hallelujah. So uh this was the son of God in a visible form. Hallelujah. God becoming visible. And verse four, and God saw the light that it was good, and God divided the light from the darkness. So now God uh has light and darkness. And God called the light day, and the darkness he called night, and the evening and the morning were the first day. Hallelujah. So on the first day, God creates a day. Hallelujah. I just like this thought. God's the creator of the day and he's the creator of today as well. Hallelujah. Like we read Psalm 118:24, this is the day which the Lord hath made. So the Bible gives the same language. God has created this day as well. Hallelujah. And we will rejoice and be glad in it. Hallelujah. If you want to go to Ephesians uh chapter 1:3, you know, we read about the first day where God uh created the day and the light. I'm sorry, day and the night rather. But we know what God was doing before this. Praise God. Ephesians 1:3, "Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus." No matter what spiritual blessing we need, church, we've already been blessed with it. Hallelujah. As we were talking this week, like God told Moses and Joshua, just every step you take, you'll take more land. Just step into every blessing. And that's what we do spiritually. We just step into every blessing. Hallelujah. because the it's already there available for us. We just have to step into it. We have to obey the word of God and God will bless us with all spiritual blessings. Hallelujah. All spiritual. So, we're not lacking anything today, right? Everything we have need of is here for us today. Praise God. Verse four, here's what one I want to look at. But according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Hallelujah. So we read about the first day where he made the day and the night and some somewhere in there sometime around that time before he made the the the earth even some sometime it was recognized that he chose us because we were chosen in the mind of God before the world was even founded. Now think about that. The world has an invisible foundation. You know, we put this uh they put this uh uh building on a foundation, right? They they got some solid ground and maybe they had to lay down some stones. Uh your house, they had to find the foundation first. They had to lay the foundation first. But God put up invisible foundations and he said, "I'm going to put the earth right there on these invisible foundations." Hallelujah. God's foundations are so powerful, you can't even see them. Praise God. They're not even visible to the human eye. But God has foundations and he placed the world on the foundations where we live. But before that, he already chose us. He already knew us before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Oh, it's such a blessing that we should be what? Holy. Holy means separated unto God. We should live a separated life unto God and without blame before him in love. So, we should serve God with love in our hearts. Hallelujah. And no blame. And the only way we could be blameless is to confess all of our sins. Amen. Hallelujah. Because we all know we sin every day or we fall short of God's glory. So we should live holy. We should live separate to God daily. Confess our sins living a life of God's love. Like Jesus said uh he pray he gave us the prayer pray that God forgive me of my sins and help me to forgive of all the people who s have sinned debts against me. Praise God. Amen. Verse five. having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. Hallelujah. So we were chosen in him and then predestined predetermined to be Christians. Hallelujah. Amen. Verse six. To the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. So, we're created for his glory. And he's and he's already accepted us in heaven. We've already got an acceptable place in heaven. Hallelujah. Hell is not our home. Heaven is our home. Hallelujah. And that's just for a short time because then heaven comes down to earth. Hallelujah. And then we spend all eternity on the earth with the Lord. Hallelujah. Glory. Verse seven. In whom we have redemption through his blood. So he provided a way that he could buy us back and bring us back to the family of God. He sent his son to shed his blood. And now that blood has bought us back into the family of God. Our sins separated us from the family of God. But the blood of Jesus Christ brought us back into the family of God. And he's given us glory. The forgiveness of sins in verse seven, according to the riches of his grace. God is rich in mercy. Hallelujah. He's plenteous in uh loving kindness. The Bible said the multitude of his tender mercies. Hallelujah. He's rich in love. Verse eight, wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and providence. Abounded means he's uh been been fruitful. God has abounded toward us. God has basically given us so many blessings. They're just coming to us. Praise God. They're abounding to us. Hallelujah. It's God who gave you life. It's God who saved you. God gave you that job. God gave you that spouse as we saw today. God gives those children. He's abounding to us. Hallelujah. It's his love expressed to us. Amen. It's abounding to us. Praise God. Glory. And then we see it uh in verse 9. Having made known unto us the mystery of his will. We know God's will. It's for us to be holy. Praise God. It's for us to be a separated people to live to his glory. Hallelujah. Amen. And of course, we can even tie in the mysteries of the Bible. Uh as Revelation 10:7, in the days of the seventh angel, when his when he he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God will be finished. Praise God. As he hath declared unto his servants the prophets, God has made known to us the mystery of the rapture, the mystery of marriage and divorce, the mystery of the Godhead. Hallelujah. The mystery of the Jew and Gentile church as one bride. Hallelujah. God has made known all these mysteries. We know his will for our lives. And so God, help us to walk in it. Praise God. Amen. He did all this. All this is abounding to us out of the heart of God, the love of God. Verse nine, according to his good pleasure, which he has purpose in himself. God had a pleasure that's in himself that's abounding to us that in the dispensation of the fullness of time he might gather together all I'm sorry in one all things in Christ both which are in heaven and which are in earth even in him. This speaks of the millennium how all the nations are going to be gathered. All nations have to go up to Jerusalem to worship Jesus. It also speaks of the future home where there's no more unbelievers. There's no more devil. Hallelujah. There's one eternal city and the bride lives in the city. Hallelujah. The new Jerusalem. And then all the kings of the earth come into the city and they bring their glory and honor into that holy city. Hallelujah. Amen. He's gathering everything in Christ. Hallelujah. So God help us. Let our lives be gathered into the word. Hallelujah. Christ the word. Hallelujah. Amen. My it's after the council of his own will. Uh we saw in verse I want I want I don't want to skip verse 11. Sorry. In whom also we have obtained an inheritance. You know that church, your parents might not be able to give you inheritance here, but you've got one over there. Some more than others might get I know I'm getting nothing here, which that that's okay. I love my parents, but that's okay. It's just one less thing I got to worry about. I don't got to fret about that. Don't have to think about that. But I do have an eternal inheritance from my heavenly father. Hallelujah. I've got eternal life. Hallelujah. Amen. And all the things that God has mysteriously waiting for us in eternity. Praise God. Amen. Thank God we got an inheritance. Hallelujah. Because we're predestinated. Verse 11. According to the purpose of him who works all things, let's say all things. Ready? All things after the counsel of his own will. Everything in your life was after God's counsel. Even your mistakes, God knew about that. That's right. And then all your obedience, God knew about that, too. God's God's written the story of your life. So, we ought to accept it. Praise God. We ought to forget the past and think about what about today? What's the value of this day? Hallelujah. Amen. Because it's all after the council of his will. He knew you'd be here today hearing the sermon, worshiping God, giving God glory and praise. So let's let's let's recognize what he has for us today. Hallelujah. Verse 12. That we should be to the praise of his glory. Who first trusted in Christ in whom ye also trusted. After that you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, the good news of your salvation. In whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy spirit of promise. Hallelujah. So see all this inheritance, all this predestination, we came to the knowledge of it because we believe the word and after we believed then we were filled with the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Verse 14, which is the earnest or the down payment. This Holy Ghost is just the beginning. There's so much more waiting for us. Amen. It's the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. If it feels this good to be forgiven, what is it going to feel like to never sin again? Hallelujah. It feel if it feels this good to be used by God and speak the word of God and see the power of God move in your life. If it feels this good, what's it going to feel like when there's no barriers, there's no sin, there's no devil, there's no temptation. This is just the earnest. This is just the beginning. Hallelujah. What's it going to feel like when we have all that God wants to give us? Right now, we just have an earnest. We have a little down payment. Oh, but there's so much more waiting for us. Oh my. Praise God. I want to look at our the duty of each day. So, here's where I kind of got my thought for this sermon. There's so much that we should uh recognize each day. Hallelujah. Let's start with uh uh Matthew 6:33. I forgot to write one verse down, so let me look this one up. I believe it's okay. Yeah, there is. Okay. Forgot to write one verse down. Matthew 6:33. But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you. God gives us a promise. If we just seek the will of God that we read about, he's made known the mystery of his will. If we just seek that will, he promised, I'll give you everything you need. Hallelujah. Now, the one I had to look up was Luke 9 uh 23. This is the one I forgot to write down the verse. And I want you to notice these words here, the day or the daily or all the days. I want you to notice the wording behind these. So, we're supposed to seek God first. And Luke uh 9:24 says, "And he said to them, if any man will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross daily and follow me." So, every day, so God made this day where to rejoice and be glad in it. But the only way we're going to be glad and rejoice is if we die to our sinful desires. It's a daily choice. I'm going to take up this cross uh which is a a a death. It's a slow death. I'm going to go through this day with a slow death. I'm going to take up the burden. Hallelujah. Amen. Of crucifying my own desires. Hallelujah. I'm going to seek God first and then he's going to give me everything I need for this day. Praise God. Hallelujah. What a blessing. Uh let's look at uh Matthew 6:11. uh the prayer the the motto prayer of the Lord Jesus. He says, "Give us this day our daily bread." So, we're to pray for natural food. And I was praying the other morning, I'm like, "God, I don't even have to pray for this. We're so blessed. If the grocery store is closed tomorrow, I can make it for a couple of weeks, I think, with all the food I got in my house. We don't even really have to pray for daily bread." So, I said, "God, how great you are. How kind you are." Amen. So God, help me to use this spiritually. Help me to pray for daily spiritual bread. Amen. Hallelujah. But we're told to pray every day for bread. And look how look how good God has been to us. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's go to uh Lamentations 3:22. Very familiar uh scripture here. And Lamentations 3:22 and 23. It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed because his compassions fail not. So God has such a compassion on us. It'll never fail. He'll never run out of compassion on us. And that's the Jews. What about us? We're we're beloved. The Bible says that Romans 9:25. We're beloved. God has made us the beloved bride. They are new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness. So the compassions of God are going to feel new every day. You should feel happy when the sun comes up every day, right? It's just it's a visible physical sign of wow, it's it's going to be a wonderful day. I feel strength in that sun. That's just a physical expression of what God does spiritually for us. Like right, I went to bed last night kind of worried about the bombings, but I woke up. I didn't even think about it. I thought about the love of God. Oh, God gave me a new day. Now, we should pray for that. We should pray for the people impacted by these things. But but the fact is I woke up today and I was like, "Wow, God gave me another day." Praise God. I have new mercy. I have new compassion. God's faithfulness is new today. Hallelujah. Amen. It doesn't wear out, church. Hallelujah. Amen. And then we remember uh 2 Corinthians 4:16. So we have a responsibility with our minds uh to let this sunlight, right? the natural sunlight that shines in this room. Let that be a reminder. I've also got to have fresh anointing on my mind. I need a renewed mind. Just like the earth gets renewed sunshine. 2 Corinthians 4:16. For which cause we faint not. But though our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day. So you got to take up a cross every day. You got to renew your mind every day and and pray for God's provision every single day. Praise God. That's the value. Now, we'll get the value out of each day if we do what God says. Hallelujah. Amen. But we have to obey what God says for every day. Hallelujah. I like uh let's go to Psalm 73 23. Psalm 73:23. This was one of the chapters I read this week that was uh really wonderful and I I think I preached it a few weeks ago on some of these scriptures here. You know, we can see how Fanny Crosby got some of the lyrics to her song here, Pass Me Not. Uh let's go to verse 23. Nevertheless, I'm continually with thee. Thou holding me by my right hand. Now, I like that uh the the the writer here, it's not David, it's Asaf. Asaf says, "Throughout the day, I'm continually with God all day." All day. Hallelujah. And then he says, "You're holding me up by your right hand." Right? Your strength. And I like verse 24. Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel and afterward receive me to glory. I love this. God's going to guide me while I'm here. He's going to guide me each step of the way and then he's going to receive me up into heaven. It's kind of like he's guiding me. Uh he's guiding me to himself and then he just pulls me right up. It's like he's walking along with me all throughout the day. You know, Jesse, you need to pray about this. Jesse, you need to go do that. It's like he's guiding me. Come, don't go that way. Go this way. I'm guiding you this way. And then it's like he just takes he said come up higher. One of these days he's going to call me up and receive me up to glory. Hallelujah. Oh, what more can we ask for? Hallelujah. Constant provision, new mercies, compassions that fail not, continual guidance. Hallelujah. And then he promises he'll receive us. Hallelujah. These these promises are so wonderful. Verse 25, whom have I in heaven but thee? And there is none upon the earth that I desire beside the Lord. Amen. My flesh and my heart faileth, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever. Hallelujah. See, that's where Fanny Crosby got that. Whom have I in heaven but uh but thee? I think she said, "Who have I on earth beside thee? Whom in heaven but thee? Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry. While in others thou art calling, do not pass me by." See where she gets the inspiration? Hallelujah. Now, stay there in Psalm 23. I'm sorry, Psalm 73. My bad. Psalm 73. Because I want you to see that we're supposed to start our day with God and then continually stay with him and take up our cross and confess our sins, renew our minds. But some days are going to be harder than others. Let's stay in Psalm 73. Let's see what kind of day Asaf was having here. Now notice, God anointed him to write the Bible, part of the Bible. He was anoint, think about that. He was anointed by God Almighty to write a song that God wanted the rest of the Let's see, it's been u it's been 3,000 years since he wrote that. For the next 3,000 years, we would listen to this song and we would get something from the song. Let's see what kind of day this Holy Ghost, we say Holy Ghost believer was having. Verse one, truly God is good to Israel, even to such as are of a clean heart. But as for me, my feet were almost gone. My steps had well nice slipped. He's like, I'm almost gone. I thought about preaching a sermon titled almost gone. You ever felt like that? Some days you're so close to God, but some days I feel like I'm almost gone. That's how Asaf was feeling when he wrote this song. Praise God. Ever felt that way? I'm just one step away from falling off falling off the earth or my one step away from falling away. He'd almost slipped. Now, why why was he almost uh he almost gone from the faith? Because he got his eyes on sinners. Look at verse three. For I was envious at the foolish when I saw the prosperity of the wicked. So here we see like the Bible says, godliness with contentment is great gain. So the days he almost fell away, I'm almost gone. I don't even know if I can make it to church. I don't even know if I can serve God. Those days often happen because we get our eyes off the word and we start looking at the things of the world. But man, they got it really good and they don't even serve God. They don't got it good. They got hell waiting for them if they don't repent. Hallelujah. But this is how his day started out. I'm almost gone. Now, you don't have to say amen. You don't have to raise your hand, but sometimes we've been there. Now, look, he goes through these sinners. He looks at all that they have. Go down to verse 12. Behold, these are ungodly who prosper in the world. They increase in riches. I'm not getting more money, but they're getting more money. I'm serving God and I'm getting poor. They're serving the devil. They're getting richer. ASAP's like, "I can't figure this out. I got to write a song about this. Hallelujah. And look, he even starts kind of regretting. Wow, I'm regretting serving Jehovah. Look at verse 13. Verily, I've cleansed my heart in vain and washed my hands in innocent. Now, what's the equivalent of that? It's like saying, well, I maybe I shouldn't even got baptized, right? I've washed maybe why did I why did I even stop that? Why why did I even get victory? Why? Why do I even enjoy that deliverance from that addiction? He's like in it's like in vain I've washed my hands. He got so envious of the sinners. He's like, I almost fell off the the boat. I almost fell off the Christian boat, the gospel ship. I almost fell off and lost my testimony because I spend too much time looking at the sinners. You got to spend your time looking at the Hall of Fame of faith, church. Hallelujah. The saints that are in heaven. Praise God. Now look at this verse 14 here. Here's where I want to get to. For all the day long have I been plagued. He's serving God, but he's going through plagues. Then because of his trial, sound a lot like Job, doesn't it? Because of all of his plagues and all of his trials he going through. He gets his eyes off the word. He starts looking at everybody else and so blessed. Man, I'm just plagued all day. And was it in vain I got baptized? Was it in vain? I'm serving the Lord. I'm about fall off. I'm almost gone. And this is a song in God's holy word. You know why? Because God knew you'd relate to it. So the value of a day in this day. He's all envious, right? He's envious. He's been plagued all day. All day. Not for the first 10 minutes of the day, but all day. And he's chasing every morning. So, he's gotten to this season of life where every morning he gets chasened. He gets corrected. He gets rebuked. Every morning he's plagued all day. Seems like there's no good days in the church. He can't remember when was the last time I had a good day. And the the days get so long and hard, he starts envying the sinners. Right. My Verse 15, if I say I will speak thus, behold, I should offend against the generation of thy children. When I thought to know this, it was too painful for me. So he started looking at the generation of the wicked and and all that they all the benefits. And then he thinks about his generation. If boy, if I'm like pe plague like this, what's going to be the next generation like? And he's like, it's almost too painful me for me to go on. Now, you know that because we preached on this recently, you know the next verse. Finally, in verse 17, there's a change of heart. Until, so I was about ready to leave. I was about gone. Until I went into the sanctuary of God, then I understood their end. So, see, he got away. He got his eyes off the word and he got away from church. He got his eyes on his problems and all the situations and all the plagues he was going through, all the discouragement. He got his eyes off of that. But everything changed when he went to the house of God. Oh, thank God for the house of God. Hallelujah. Surely thou did set them in slippery places. Thou cast them down into destruction. How are they brought into desolation as in a moment they're utterly consumed with tears. So God showed him that there was people throughout in the Bible in the past that they were looking good, but all of a sudden everything changed. I think the easiest example is Pharaoh. Pharaoh's like, "Who are you to call on God?" Right? Moses comes in there and said, "The I am says this." He said, "Who am who is the I am? Look at me. I'm the I am." Right? He boasts himself against God. And looks like he would he would benefit. You know, Pharaoh would get greater and greater and greater until Moses started speaking the word. Amen. Sorry to clap so loud. Sorry. Uh Moses started speaking the word and then everything started changing suddenly for Pharaoh. Then there was one plague after another sudden destruction until he lost his first born. See, Ahab had to remember, well, wow, they're only benefiting for a little time. But look at their end and look at his end. It's likely that he was leading his army into the Red Sea. And it's likely that his end was sudden destruction, drowning alive, become fish food. All right, that's a little help. It's helpful for the children to understand. This man who defied God became fish food suddenly. So there's no reason to envy him. Hallelujah. We shouldn't envy sinners. We should remember their end. What are they going to turn out to be? And what are we going to turn out to be? We're going to turn out to be adopted children of the most high God with the eternal inheritance. Hallelujah. That's what we're going to be. Praise God. And then in verse 22, Asaf says, "So foolish was I and ignorant I was as a beast before God." See, it's so foolish to regret being a Christian. It's so foolish to regret when you were baptized or when you went to church or took a stand or you sacrificed for that that for God. It's a good thing you sacrifice for God. It's foolish to regret anything you've done for God. Hallelujah. He said, "I was so foolish to think I'd almost fallen away and I should envy sinners. I was so foolish to look at natural things. I need to look at spiritual things." Praise God. The value of one day. So by the end of this day, we already read it. He said, "I know God's continually with me and he'll guide me. He will guide me with his counsel and he'll receive me to heaven. Pharaoh won't get that reception. He said, "But I'll get that reception." Hallelujah. So, what a turnaround, church. What a turnaround it can be to go to the house of God, hear the word of God, and have your mind. There it is. His mind was renewed in the house of God. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, we can see it plainly. He'd almost slipped, almost gone. But who held him up? God held him up. How did God save him? Through the preaching at church. Amen. We've all had it, right? Where some we needed a sermon at just the right time and God sent it to us. Hallelujah. Helped us to get through the trial we were going through. Yeah. Some days you're killed all the day long. Romans 8:36. You want to pull it up there? And this is the same chapter, church. This is the same chapter that starts off, you have no condemnation because you're in Christ Jesus. And nothing can separate you from the love of God. In the same chapter, if God be before you, who be against you? In the same chapter, sometimes it seems we're killed all the day long. Praise God. Just like Asa. In other words, you're tested. You're tested all day long. So you can have real Christlike character because character is not formed through blessing, blessing, blessing. Character is formed through suffering. Amen. As it is written, for thy sake, we are killed all the day long, we are counted as sheep for slaughter. But then, how does the book end? How does the chapter end? There's nothing that will separate us from the love of God, which in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Look at Psalm 86:3, honey. Pull that up there. If you want to read in your Bible, you can. Psalm 86:3. Be merciful unto me, oh God, for I cry unto thee daily. Now, God didn't stop his crying every day. God didn't say, "Well, one day is enough crying, then I I'll stop your crying." No, God let him cry day after day after day after day. You still crying today, Brother Jesse. Yes. This is so hard. You know, think about you. Put yourself in there. You're still crying, Malachi. You're still crying, Sister Beatatric. God let it do it day after day after day to teach us to call on God to trust in God to think about the end of life. Hallelujah. Amen. Don't just think about the present. Think about what's my end going to be. Praise God. My end's going to be is that he's guiding me through this. And then my end is going to be he's going to receive me up into glory. Amen. He's with me in my tears. He's with me in my plagues. He's with me in my tests. and he's going to guide me through them and then receive me up into heaven. Praise God. So some days are battles all day long, crying all day long, discouraged all day long, chasened all day long, plagued all day long. But there's value in that day. There's great value in that because you see it's God guiding you through that season or that test of your life. He said, "I'm" He said, "I am continually with you every day." I want you to see what Brother said about Moses. Now, Moses was 40 years old, church. Remember this. He's 40 years old when he tries to save Israel. And all he gets is the all he gets is the government after him trying to arrest him. He becomes a murderer. When you try to do something on your own power, you're always a failure. You have to wait for the plan of God. You got to wait for the power of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So Moses tries to do it on his own. Alls he gets is a dead stinking Egyptian buried in the sand. That's all he gets. Right? And then we know what happens for the next 40 years. He goes out. He gets a wonderful wife. Right. Zapora. They're perfect for each other, hightempered, and they're both highteered. And that through that makes him the meakest man on earth. Right? She said, "You are a bloody husband to me, Moses." Right? I'm sure he was like that too, right? cuz he killed a man. I mean, he's a murderer. How would you like that, sisters? Marry a murderer. How'd you like that? That's what Zapora got. My goodness. But 40 years he's out there in the wilderness just taking care of sheep. 40 years he's like, "I'm a murderer. How's God going to use me? My mom and dad and these people told me there's a there's a call on my life. I was a special child for some reason. And a special child's a murderer. Ah, church, don't look at the present. Look at the future. Praise God. God's not done with you. Don't Don't let the devil bring up your past. Look to the future. Hallelujah. Amen. He couldn't focus. But for 40 years, he went through all this suffering. You know what brother said? He was a coward dying a thousand deaths. That's what that's an exact quote. So he read it for 40 years. Brother Mercy, he's got to walk around be like, "I'm a coward. I ran away from the people of God. I've left the church for 40 years and he's dying a thousand deaths, which means he just wish it could be over every day. I just wish it was over. Why I got to go?" He had he's got two boys. He's got a nice family, you know. He's got married. He's got a nice uh flock. He's like, "For 40 years my I'm dying a thousand deaths. I'm a I'm a coward. Oh, I just wish my w life would have been different. And church, it was about to get different. Praise God. Hallelujah. But for 40 years, God let him sweat it out. God let him go through the discouragement. Uh it's like a 40-year coward complex he went through. But God was never done with him. God never took his hand on him. In fact, God was guiding him all the way along. And one day, God guided him out to a burning bush. Hallelujah. And the pres brother said in five minutes in the presence of the burning bush he knew more about God than the past 80 years of his life. Hallelujah. Amen. One day took away 80 years of disappointment. The value of one day. And then brother said he was invincible. He didn't fear any army. He didn't fear Pharaoh. He didn't fear any man. Because he spent five minutes this one day. He got five minutes in the presence of God and he was changed and now he's more than a conqueror in Christ Jesus. Amen. The power of one day. So church, you wait till that day you get your power. Praise God. That's the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Wait till you get that power. Then you're set into service. Praise God. Amen. Brother Ram said he was a coward dying a thousand deaths. And after meeting God, he wished he had a thousand lives to die for Christ. That's why he didn't mind going down there to Egypt. He didn't care if he died. He met somebody greater than Pharaoh. You and I, we met somebody better than our boss or better than the preacher. We met somebody greater than them. His name is Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. So, we're not afraid to die. We're not afraid of the future because we've already met him. We know who he is. We know he's guiding us continually. and we know he'll receive us. Glory. Brother Ram said he was ready to go. There was nothing could stop him. Though he had no army, though his education was no good to him, he couldn't fight. He had no swords. He didn't have any warriors, any chairs to back him up as for the world knew. But he'd come face to face with God with an experience who had the armored angels of all eternities to stand by him. Did you see that? Brother Ram said he didn't have any chariots you could see. But he had chariots of angels all around him. He's walking into Egypt with his family and he's got chariots of fire. Angels backing him up. That's what I call an invasion. Hallelujah. Angels invading Egypt behind one man. Praise God. Who had an experience with God. Talk about battling all the day long. He battled all day long for 40 years. Coward dying a thousand deaths. I wish I could do it all over. My life's been a waste. I wish I could just end this. And all of a sudden, God changed it. I said, "I can't wait for the next 40 years of my life." Amen. I get to serve God. Hallelujah. I die a thousand deaths for Jesus Christ. Oh my church, it's suffering that produces the Moses kind of a character. Those 40 years of sufferings change him into the meakest man on earth. He's got to be meek because he knows I'm a murderer. I'm a failure. I abandoned the people for 40 years. Who am I? But now God can use me because I've surrendered. I've moved past my past. Did you catch that? You have to move past your past. Forget about it. Move on with God. Walk continually with God. Let God guide your future. Don't let your past determine your future. Romans 5:3. And not only so, but we glory in tribulation also. So Moses learned to glory that he was 40 years in the wilderness. I needed that time. Hallelujah. I needed to suffer during that time to realize that I'm nothing. Brother man said uh uh Pharaoh uh and Egypt pumped 40 years of education into him, right? So God needed 40 years to beat it out of him. Oh, I love that. Amen. 40 years of human education. Takes 40 years to beat it out spiritually. We glory in tribulation also knowing that tribulation works patience. So all this 40 years of trouble for Moses produ made him a patient man and patience produced experience which is character in the Greek. So once you're patient then you can have good character and then experience produces hope. Hallelujah. And hope maketh not ashamed because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given to us. So, at the end of our lives, at the end of our days, we should have hope that he's going to receive us. Look at verse uh I'm sorry, let's go to 1 Corinthians 13:4. I'm kind of almost at that chapter in my Corinthians series. I've been taking a little break because I had all these other thoughts. You know, in the summertime, I got more time to think about God. I'm not working, you know. I got a lot more thoughts here. Uh 1 Corinthians 13:4, "Charity suffereth long and is kind. Charity envieth not. Charity vaunteth not itself. is not puffed up. So, see, it's the love of God. You know, you look at some people's lives and how could you suffer through all that? It's the love of God. Hallelujah. I don't, brother, I don't know how you can make it through those difficult times. How did you even do it? It was God's love that was in my heart. Right? Because charity can suffer a long time. You can suffer a long time because you have love for God. Because you know God loves you. And then the Bible said the love is in your heart. Praise God. God put his love in your heart. So you can suffer a long time. Hebrews 5:8. Though he were a son, Jesus, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered. So our days of suffering are teach us to obey God. Oh, I'm finally going to obey God. I'm finally going to do that. Why? Because you suffered, right? Verse nine. and being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. Hallelujah. How many want to obey today? Let's make this a day of obedience. Praise God. So, see church, one day is so powerful. Hallelujah. I thought of uh I thought, you know, let's let's I want to show that slideshow. You know, we never did the anniversary. I just want to show you this again. It meant a lot to me. So, yeah, just switch over here. You probably saw me switching it earlier. You know, the last two years I haven't done the slideshow. I just I guess I just forgotten when it come to our anniversary time of our church. We just passed 19 years. And I just thought this day was so important. Thursday, November 22nd in the year 2000 was so important because that's the day Simon shared the message of Brother Brandham with me. Brother Bram's Bible message. And had I not had that day, our my life and your life, we wouldn't be inter interconnected right now. If it wasn't for that day, I just thought about that day was like the dominoes of all these dominoes that have fallen. And now all all of our lives are like dominoes. We're all coming together. That was one domino that brought me into me and my family into your families, right? So, look, my me and Simon are doing these tough guy faces. Like, we're just What do they This is what do they call that? Duck face. I don't know what they call like. We're just doing like tough guy. Look, I'm a tough guy. Look, I've got long hair. Not as long as Well, yeah. Long as I got here. I thought I was so cool. I wasn't. But this was the day later that night, Simon, I drive back to this was in Wadssworth. I drive back to Akran and Simon would play serpent seed for me. And as the sermon went on, my eyes got wider and wider until I was like, Simon, this is the truth. God said there's two seeds. There's two seeds. And whatever seed they're produced of, uh, whatever seed they had, uh, it produced a child, right? Whatever whatever fruit they ate of, produce a seed, offspring, because that's what God said. I'll put emnity between thee and the woman, between thy s seed and her seed. So, the serpent had a seed in Genesis 3:15, and that means offspring. How did he have an offspring if they ate an apple? It wasn't an apple. It was adultery. And so, my eyes were open that night. I thought, "That day changed everything." And I was willing to listen. It was a two-hour sermon. I think we got home around 10. I remember we were up past midnight. And I just I wasn't getting tired. I'm like, "What? Oh my goodness. I think I have my Bible." And Simon's like, "Yes." Now, turn here, Genesis. And here turned to Proverbs. I'm like, "Oh my goodness, we're That was in the days of cassette tape." Children, you have no idea what I'm talking about, but we had to press play and then these little plastic pieces of of cassette tape would spin and sometimes they get stuck. You had to pull them out and twist them back in. You don't know nothing about that. But all for two hours straight, I'm getting more revelation and the things everything starts making sense. The Bible starts making sense. I'm just going to go through this quickly again. No, that's the one day. And then look, just look at all then we started having Bible services. There's my beautiful bride. Hallelujah. Sister Kristen. The first home services in Akran. Tim Meyer started those services. He's he's he's pretending to be me. He's making fun of me there. And we're dancing, praising the Lord. I'm not going to show that video. Devon, that's Carrie got baptized there. Devon. John and brother Brooks. Here's brother Simon before he was preaching. But see, he was always preaching. Look, he's got his Bible there. He was always preaching church. He was preaching to me. 2006, our first service. So, we just had our 19th anniversary as a church. We had it in a home. That's a little Rebecca, right? I think that's Rebecca. That's how we used to have church right there. There's Van giving himself bunny bunny ears. Vang. Brother Vang. All those years ago, Brother Vang Elijah. Now, he's the guy that got married yesterday. He got married yesterday. Shay, that tells you how old we are now, right? That's in our house there. Baby Lydia, baby Malachi. So, I just go through these. Sister, who is baptism? Just remember all these. So, this set that one night set all these things in motion. The baptisms. I'm not going to go that. We baptized that 90-year-old sister right before she died. A few uh months before she died, we baptized her in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Brother Cam, there's Brother Nia. Yeah, there's Brother Nia. I wish he was here. That's brother Nia. All those years ago, see how we change over time. We get better with age, don't we, saints? Right, sister Beatric. We get better with age. Now, that's the man who helped me start this church. I have the utmost respect for that man, Brother James Brownie. One of the finest Christian men I ever met there. True man of God. Hallelujah. That's our first rental that we had. small little church there. Bang. Testifying sister singing specials. That was back in 2007 when Cam I was I was Cam and Simon's pastor. Can you believe that? At one time. Hallelujah. Oh yeah. There's Zir. Little Zur Wendy. Look at all these dominoes. Church. All the days God knew all these days. Look at that. That's what we used to worship in. Look at this dirty old room we used to worship in. And I I give credit to my family. They would come and have come to our services with a dirty little room like that. You know, Kristen's family, you know, her mother and siblings would come to our services. We had hardly had any money just to drive. We just needed more space, you know. That's why I say I'm so happy. Look, that's that was our floor. We're Look, we got carpet now. We're blessed. Amen. I mean, hallelujah. Look at that. I mean, that used to be our church. So, we're we're doing better by God's grace. Our third place was over on Waterlue. That's where the the sar pongs first started coming, right? Sunday school. Uh that's baby, right? Baby. Some of these will get in there. We got virtue in nature coming up here real quick by God's grace. Little guy. Okay. Jose. I first met Jose in 2013. Brother, look at that handsome guy there. Loris. Yes, sir. Brother Adam, Sister Bo. Praise God. Brother Amen's baptism. There must be something real. Praise God. I still believe that. Hallelujah. Amen. When CIA came. Yeah. Sorry. Everybody likes that one. Little Princess Cia. There we go. But set all these dominoes in order. Who would have married if it wasn't for the message dominoes all these days? Yes, sir. Sister Sia at the altar praying, you know, she separated from her family. I remember she would always pray at the altar, cry out to God, you know, for children, for family. Remember remember she would hold our babies when she didn't have any children. And she would walk away, pretend like she's getting in Vang's car, taking our babies home. And now we're at our fourth and final place. Well, I should say final. It's our fourth place by God's grace. But look how dirty this This is the sanctuary. The These two are the sanctuary. Carpet. I mean, there's all stuff all over the walls. Look how dirty the carpet was. You got some good workers back in those days, right? Look at Caris there. Caris got the mullet going on there. Caseia working. Help paint these walls. Roll up the old dirty stinky carpets. That's That's what the walls look like when we come in. That was the walls. All these all these events of our lives there. That's what I'm talking about. There's little nature. There's little virtue. Yeah. There's little baby virtue. There you are. Sunday school. My pastor, the first pastor and the man who taught me the Bible studies. I go to his I drive across the state from Brother Craig. I texted him the other day. The two most influential men in my life. Quaca on the tambourine. Huh? Remember that one? As Austin's first baptism. We're hugging. My cousin would come. He'd drive three hours to come see us. God delivered him from all those demons. He was fully possessed with demons. Fully. And God delivered him through Cam's ministry, then another ministry when he fell back away. And he would drive just to tell us how much he loved us for standing on the word of God. Oh, my wife on I don't know why I put that one in there. Lydia's baptism. Quisha's baptism. Oh, that's the dedication. Yeah, that's dedication of virtue. So, I thought, you know what? I should probably show that today because we had another dedication for Sar Palm family today by God's grace. A little virtue being dedicated there by the grace of God. Look, all these events God has brought together in our lives. How many appreciate that? By God's grace. And I can show that that video later if you want to see it. But brother Jose went to brother Ram's grave. Remember that? All those we got red hots. Then Haven was baptized. Esther was baptized. Jose still singing for the glory of God. Brother Benjamin. Adam kept coming back. Brother Tim, uh, Brother John the Grahams left us there by God's grace. Now they're back in Manurva. Yeah. I want to see William. Brother William, we took him to Jeffersonville. You got the red hots. Brother Ram talked about the cornerstone of the Brandham Tabernacle. You got to stand by Brother Ram's pulpit. All these great ones. Who are the little ones here? That's little Virtue. Okay. That's little Victoria. Victoria. Yeah. Yeah. That's That's Caris. Yeah, that's Victoria. The little sister Conniey's in there by God's grace. Wendy got flooded out in 2018. Caris's baptism. There's Genevie's dedication. little toe there. By God's grace, now we got Is that baby Eden? Yeah, now we got Eden on there. Where's Eden? There she is. Yep, we got you on there. Genevie, Sister Connie, Brother came back. Any new ones there? Genevie Mike McCloskkey. That's when I went in there and Amen was leading the the saints in singing. Lydia's on the tambourine there. started doing those singing at the end of services. Brother Randy, Brother Jose and the Walkers left. That's right. Brother Simon preaching for us. Brother Brooks, Brother Cam, Brother Brooks back with us. That's brother Aman singing at uh that was New Yasua's wedding, I think. Got the masks on. Aunt Zion came. Jolene Mary. Okay. I'm sorry. got Jon and Mary mixed up. There's He's the one that got married, Shane. Now he all grew up and he's the one married now. Dang. There the little sisters. A little song service there. Special. You can't even see Victoria. She's so tiny back there. Brother McBride. That was after U Victoria was baptized. Yeah, brother Williams back there. There's Victoria. She must have swallowed some water or something like that. There's our little ones. Victoria's baptism. Human beings, all the saints. That's cassette and nature and virtue being baptized there by the grace of God. So fellowship Brother William, it said Austin Selena came back. Praise God. How many grateful for that? Look, look all these dominoes that played a part of this Jose Thanksgiving fellowship testifying for Austin. Yep. And then I just put that that was what 20 2022. So three years ago we had the shoe makes with us. Lily and James. Now there I think this is this is the last one. I haven't updated it for two years. So I think the Sarongs were in the Ghana during this one. They made that Ghana trip a couple years ago. So we had Emma. Yep. So that was it. I think. Yeah. So last year was our 18th and this is our 19th. So I just thought I'd show that again to see how the impact of one day. One day Simon kept asking me, you need to hear this sermon on serpent seed. You need to hear this. Without that, brother, we would never have met. Brother Mercy, right? We would not know Sister Lena. It's the the each day is so important to put God first every single day. I'm almost at an hour, so I don't want to go too long here today, but um let me see here. Let's go through a few more verses and I'll bring it down to close. Maybe give me 15 more minutes. By God's grace, we'll see. All right. Now, let's go to Isaiah 38:20. Isaiah 38:20. You know, there's certain days where we should just spend all the day praising God, right? I showed you we're going to have some days we battle all day, plagued all day, envying all day, right? We're we're struggling. But we ought to have some days where we sing all the day because the Bible said, "The Lord was ready to save me. Therefore, we will sing my songs to the stringed instruments all the days of our life in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. So, think about all those pictures we saw. All the great blessings, all the time God saved us or healed us or give us children, all these great blessings that we have. It ought to make us want to come to the house of God and give God praise. It ought to make you happy with your spouse. Ecclesiastes 9:9. I like this one. Look at Ecclesiastes 9:9. Live joyfully with the wife whom thou lovest. So married men. Let's be joyful. Let's be happy with our wives. And all the brothers said, "Amen." See, be joyful with your wife. Live joyfully with the wife of whom thou lovest all the days of thy life, of thy vanity, which he hath given thee under the son, all the days of thy vanity. for that is thy portion in this life and in the labor which thou takest under the sun. So let's try to remember to sing all day to be joyful with our family all day. And that just doesn't apply to our wives. Let's do that to our children as well. God has saved me. God has redeemed me. He's forgiven me. I'm going to be joyful. I'm going to sing in my home. I'm going to spend all day giving God glory. That's right. and let's work for God's glory. So when you go to your job, don't try to fret it so much. Ecclesiastes 5:18. I know we joke about that. I got to go tomorrow's Monday. I got to go back to work. But let's try to look at it a little differently that God, it's God's blessing on you. Ecclesiastes 5:1 18. Behold that which I have seen. It is good and calmly for one to eat and drink and to enjoy the good of all of his labor. See, you wouldn't be able to eat and drink without your hard work, without the job God gave you. Right? That he taketh under the sun all the days of his life, which God giveth him, for it is his portion. Remember that today. Remember, next time you go to work, thank God I get to go to work because I got food on my table. That's God's gift to us. Hallelujah. Now, back to our Let's We did our brothers. Now, let's go to our sisters. Proverbs 31:12. Proverbs 31:12 uh husbands be joyful with your wives. Now wives she will do him good and not evil all the days of our life. And our married sisters said God bless. I know our sisters do a wonderful job of that. So husbands be joyful with your wives. Wives do him good all the days of his life. Psalm 89:16. Psalm 89:16. Let's make this day a day where we're just joyful, rejoicing, and glad in what God has done for us. Let's do it the rest of the day. Hallelujah. What What do we have to be decad about? We're so blessed. Hallelujah. God has given us these wonderful children here by God's grace. We have so much to be thankful for. Psalm 86, I'm sorry, 89:16, I'm sorry, 89:16. In thy name shall they rejoice all the day and in thy righteousness shall they be exalted. So see rejoicing all day in the name of Jesus. Psalm 44:8. Now here you got permission. Brag on Jesus all day. You got permission to brag on Jesus all day. In God we boast all the day long and praise thy name forever. Cila, I was a longhaired uh denominational Christian addicted to drugs and all these things, but I can boast that God sent me the serpent seed message and then all the other revelation and I boast on God. God brought me out of that. Hallelujah. I can brag I can brag on God all day. God did this for me. Praise God. I didn't save myself. I didn't go looking for truth. God came looking for me. Praise God. Amen. I can boast on God all day. Thank you, Jesus. You're the healer. You're the savior. You're the deliverer. You're the one who gives revelation. And the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Hallelujah. Psalm 1197. Psalm 119:97 says, "Men, oh how I how love I thy law. It is my meditation all the day." Those are the best days, too. Just think about God's word all day, right? Think about, oh, the I heard the masterpiece yesterday. I did listen to that yesterday. I got to think about that all throughout the day. And then I got to think about this message just back. Yeah. Every time I get done working, you we do a little work this not then start meditating on God. Praise God. You have to revisit those thoughts, right? Just keep coming. Keep keep bringing all the thoughts back to the Lord Jesus. Those are the best days. Proverbs 23:17, remember the fear of the Lord is to hate evil and depart from evil. The Bible says in Proverbs 23:17 says, "Be let not thine heart envy sinners." This goes good with Psalm 73, "But be thou in the fear of the Lord all the day long. Try to hate evil all day. Try to walk away from evil all day. Don't get trapped in Satan's snare. Walk away from the snare. Live in the fear of God all day long. Don't click on that. Don't look at that. Don't say that. When you're tempted to do that, don't do it. Walk away from it. Praise God. There's my hour. And church, I want to lay this thought in there. How would you live if tomorrow was your last day? I got two examples of people who knew there it was their last day. King Saul, we read that on Wednesday, 1st Samuel 28, he went to the witch of Endor. He said, "Pull up Samuel." She said, "I see gods coming up." He she saw Theophanes, but one of them was Samuel. He said, "Why do you call me up for my rest?" Remember the story? He said, "Well, the Lord won't speak to me." He says, uh, he said, 'Tomorrow, King Saul, you'll be with me. You and your sons will be with me. So, he falls on the ground all night, lays on the ground. He knows he's going to die the next day. Well, what did he do the next day? He went out to fight with his sons. He spent his final day fighting for the God of Israel. Even though he denied him, you know, he he he done all these evil things, all these abominable things, right? He went to a witch, right? He did all he murdered 85 priests. I mean, he did all these evil things, but yet when he knew it was his final day, he laid on his face, he was able to get the value out of that day. Amen. That's what I'm trying to say. Praise God. If he only had one day left, get all the value out of it. Give it all to God. Hallelujah. Amen. He died not uh not against his sons, but now he's united with Jonathan because Jonathan was on David's side. Of course, they had that friendship that was such a strong friendship. But he's able to forget about David, David and Jonathan for that final day because he knows it's his last day. And it was a very valuable day. So much so that even though he died, David sang about his strength and his courage that he had in this final day. He was united with his family in his death. He took advantage of that last day. Hallelujah. So how would you live if tomorrow was your last day? Now we know what what a real believer does. They would get serious with God. They get real sober and say, "I'm going to live this. I'm going to unite with people. I'm unite with the word of God. I'm going to get all my life lined up so I'm ready to go meet God." And now we know the other one we know is Jesus. Jesus knew his crucifixion would be his last day. He knew that Moses and Elijah came to him and the Bible they spoke of his deceas. In other words, you're going to suffer this at the hands of Pontius Pilate. You're going to suffer all these things which will rise again the third day. Hallelujah. So, what did he do? Luke 22:14. Okay, that's right. That's fine. Uh, Luke 22:14. What do you want to do on his last day before he was given over? And when the hour was come, Luke 24, I'm sorry, 22:14. He sat down and 12 apostles with him. He wanted to sit down with his closest friends on his last day. And he said to them, "With desire, I have desired to eat this Passover with you before I suffer." He wanted to eat a meal with his closest friends. Hallelujah. He just wanted to spend time with him and show them when I'm in you, you're in me. When you when you take the communion, it shows spiritually my spirit's in you. And then you're in me as well. I chose you before the foundation of the world. and when you partake of my word, my word comes in you because you were in me before the foundation of the world. So he chose to have communion. He chose to wash his disciples feet. And I love those words with desire. I've really desired on my last day. I've desired to be with the believers. Oh God, if I get my choice, I want to be with the saints on my last day. Hallelujah. Where else would you want to be, church, than with the people of God? fighting for the cause of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. All right, let me do this in closing here. I got a few more things. Psalm 139:16. Thank you, hun, for some even with the baby. Look at you. One arm wonder back there. Thank you, hun. Psalm 139:16. This is a beautiful chapter, of course, written by David. Psalm 139:16. Okay, thank you. Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect, and in thy book all my members were written, which in continuence were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them. You know, we think of a Vander. You know, the Bible said God's eyes were on him the whole time he was being formed. Little Tulsi. God's eyes were watching him. And then God knew all of the days before there was even one of them. God made the day at the beginning. He's he chose us in his mind before the foundation of the world. And he's determined all the days that we're to serve him. And he walks he guides us along each day. And then when all the days are over, he'll receive us up into glory. Amen. He was with us before we even had our first day. Praise God. Watching over us. How much more is he with us, church, than we realize? Do we really realize how much God is with us? Psalm 68:19 read this I think last week. Blessed be the Lord who daily loadeth us with benefits. Even the God of our salvation sila. So every day we got to realize today God has loaded you up with good things. I should have brought a backpack and loaded it up and then I should have hid it under here. Maybe it's too late now. I let the cat out of the bag. I should have I should have done that and then say my and it looked really heavy, right? But that's what the Bible says. God has done that. He's loaded us with all these blessings, with forgiveness, with joy, with victory, with peace, with supernatural gifts of the spirit. And the church said, and that's just spiritual, right? We've got all the natural blessings, too. All the food and shelter and clothing and and and family and and work and all these things. He loads us each day. We get a brand new load of God's love and mercy. Hallelujah. each day. My goodness, every day he loads us with all of his benefits. The value of one day. I'm going to read you something here. I had some ideas and I plugged into chat GTP and here's what it spit out. So, I'm going to read it to you. The astonishing value of a single day. A single day is just 24 hours. It may seem ordinary, but yet it has immeasurable potential, unseen miracles, and eternal weight. Each day is a gift. intricate intricately woven with divine intention and staggering detail. There are 1,440 minutes in every day. And church, could we spend a few of those praying? Could we spend a few of those worshiping God? 1440. That's 86,400 seconds. Each one passing irreversibly, silently marking the story of your life. We're almost at the end of the sermon. We just passed through the beginning of the sermon. It's just it's passing right now as we're as we're going through it. Time is passing. Every second is a heartbeat of opportunity, a breath of grace. You cannot store up your time. You cannot stretch it or retrieve it. Once it passes, it's gone forever. Time is the most valuable thing we possess. It's the only thing we cannot get back. The heartbeat. Let's look at the heartbeat. It's the silent rhythm of life. Your heartbeat beats a 100,000 times per day. Isn't that something? You got 100,000 hairs and you get 100,000 heartbeats. That's over 100,000 reminders that you're alive. That God is sustaining you moment by moment. When was the last time you told your heart to beat? You didn't. It just beats. God just provides you life. He just gives you life. We rarely notice it yet, but this involuntary rhythm declares you're still here. Your purpose is still not finished yet. I've got a purpose. It's for his glorious grace. Let's look at a day of infinite possibility. In one day, a life can begin, a life can end. A hardened heart can soften. A lost soul can find hope. A word spoken in kindness can alter someone's direction forever like it altered mine. Come listen to this sermon about the serpent seed. Changed my life forever. A prayer can reach heaven and return with an answer. Each day you're given a fresh page in the book in God's book of your life, the book of eternity, eternal life. And it's inked with the decisions that echo beyond time. Jesus often emphasized the importance of today. Take no thought therefore for the tomorrow. For the tomorrow should take thought for the things of itself. In other words, focus on today. What can you do today to honor God? The past is a memory. The future's a mystery. But today is a gift, which is why it's called the present. Today is the only guaranteed time you can act, forgive, pray, love, obey, and to seek the Lord. It's the only day you can do that. Can't do it any other day. You got to do it today. If there's anything you need to get done, do it today. And if it doesn't get done, do it tomorrow. That's how you write a book. The final truth is that today is all we have. Time doesn't wait. It doesn't ask if we're ready for something. It flows with or without our consent. No one has ever touched tomorrow. No one can relive yesterday. We only ever live in the sacred sliver of time called now. So make today count. Guard it. Use it wisely. Fill it with what matters because the past is gone. We cannot change it. The future's uncertain. We cannot control it. But today is here and it is enough. Because Psalm 90:12 says, "So teach us to number our days that we may apply our hearts to wisdom." the value of today. You know, I've been told by numerous friends, I've also seen it on uh you know, numerous videos about time management and uh being proficient and efficient. They always say we've got to learn to enjoy the journey, right? We're always looking to head forward. Oh, once this happens in my life, then I'll be happy or then I'll rejoice in God. We should rejoice in God today because you're not guaranteed tomorrow. Enjoy the present time. And my wife reminded me last night, sometimes if we worry, people can get ulcers. Why worry about tomorrow? Why worry about the past? Alls we got is today. Amen. Do what needs to be done today. Hallelujah. Don't worry about anything. Bible said, "Be anxious for nothing." You know, my mom's I was just thinking about this. my mom's 75th Ann uh birthday's coming up and when she turns 70 we gave a whole day to her and we're going to do that again in October. We're going to give her a whole day of just thanking God for her influence in our lives. I always cry every time I think about it because I wouldn't be here without my mom. And I there's this famous saying it goes like this. They say it takes a minute to find a special person. Just takes one minute. If you're at Target, you just got to take one minute. Walk around. find somebody who's special. It takes an hour to appreciate them. It takes a day to love them, but it takes an entire lifetime to forget them. Hallelujah. I like that. You know, we've got another friend, a family friend who's 80 years old and he's fighting cancer for the second time. He's learned to number his days. He he realizes this might be the last time. And when he was 75, he had cancer first. He prayed and said, "God, if you just give me five more years, I'll be happy." And God God, that's when we prayed for him. And he's like, "God heard your prayer, Jesse." He told me that. He said, "God heard your prayer." Now, God used chemo to heal him. But he said, "God heard your prayer. God's given me five more years to serve to serve him." But now he's like, he's like, "Lord," he said, "I want to get five more. if I could have five more. And church, now that he's fighting it a second time, he's speaking about what do I do with my possessions and where's this going to go? He's thinking about all that. Now, church, some people get the chance to do that, some people don't. So, it's whatever story God writes for your life, you want to use it for the praise and honor of the Lord Jesus Christ. I think of Aander and Tulsi. They seem to have so many days of memories ahead. We're gonna take pictures of their first crawl, their first rolling over. We're gonna get it on camera, right? Their first words, da da. I think it's gonna be dad. Right, brother Wesley? I think it's going to be da da. Ain't going to be mama. It's dad. We're going to get their first steps and we'll remember their first prayer. We remember their water baptism. will take a picture of their first day of school and there's so many more me. There's so many more days. It seems like there's so many more days left. Some people they only have a few days left. If we can realize the value of each day and invest it for the kingdom of God, I love this. You'll be rewarded with endless days. If you can just live like every day is your last day. Every day is a day. I'm going to get victory today. I'm going to take up the cross daily. I'm going to follow Jesus Christ today. I'm going to give God praise all day. If we leave live every day like that, he gives us endless days. What's the value of one day? God tries to help us understand in Psalm 84:8. Oh Lord God of hosts, hear my prayer. Give ear, oh God of Jacob, sila. Behold, oh God, our shield. How many believe God's your shield today? He's been the shield over my whole life, and look upon the face of thine anointed God. You've let your spirit come on me. I'm anointed by your Holy Spirit. You're my shield, God. Verse 10. For a day in your courts is better than a thousand. One day going to church is better than a thousand. Now thousand days is about two and 3/4 of a year. So one day in church is better than almost three years out of church. That one day will give you more benefit. Amen. Give you more benefit, more value than three years doing anything else. I'm talking about uh building a skyscraper, building whatever, building a business. We've been talking about business, making videos, writing books. One day in church is better than three years of anything else you could do outside of the house of God. God tries to give us the value of one day. I'd rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God than to dwell in the tents of wickedness. For the Lord is a son and shield. Twice he says a shield. For the Lord will give you grace and glory. No good thing, what a promise, church, will he withhold from them that walk uprightly. I have every good thing I need because I'm walking uprightly in the word. If I don't got it yet, well, either it's on the way or it wouldn't be good for me. I might make it an idol. It might become a stumbling block to me. But I know the Bible's true. If I spend time in the house of God, it's better than all the other days. And then God will give me every good thing that I need for my testimony. Oh Lord of hosts, blessed is the man that trusteth in thee. The final scripture for this sermon, Psalm 52 verse1. Psalm 52 verse1. Why boast thou thyself in mischief, oh mighty man? The goodness of God endureth continually. The goodness of God endures all my days. Hallelujah. The mischief and the sinners are going to do all kinds of awful decisions, but God's love, his steadfast love endure us all day continually. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. Hallelujah. Let's uh play that song. In God's time, he makes all things beautiful in his time. So, as I said, this sermon has been on my heart all week. You know, I been reading the book of Psalms. How many enjoyed the word of God today? Praise the Lord. The value of one day. Hallelujah. Let's bow our hearts here. Father God, we thank you for this day today, Lord. It's a beautiful day, Lord, to see Sarpong family and a Vander Elio Sarpong dedicated to the Lord. He's yours, Lord God. Use the child for your glory, Lord God. Reminds us when Jose's grandson, Levi, was dedicated a few weeks ago, Lord God. Use Levi for the glory of God. These are special days, Lord. hopefully many many more days to come for little Evander. Lord, as I reflect on my life, Lord, I see that one day in the year 2000 has changed everything. The value of that day. I can hardly describe it. Look at the friends I have, Lord. Look at the church that we have, Lord. The sweet people. And Lord Raml last week said, "I've never walked into a church," she said, "that had such love." That's what she told us last week. She told me that everybody's smiling. She said, "I've walked into mega churches and people look at me strange. Don't treat me good, but I walk in this little church and I've never felt love like this. Lord, may the love of God fully rest on our lives. God, that was a special day for her. She was a part of us. Lord God got to experience love. She said, "I turned around. I just saw all the children smiling. Everybody smiled at me." Lord, the value of each day is hard to hard to put into perspective. Lord God, [Music] Lord, today is a gift. We don't have tomorrow. We'll never get it back. We don't have yesterday, Lord God. So, Father, help us today, Lord God. If there's anything we need to get right with you, Lord, there's anything, Lord, we need to go tell somebody or make sure we follow up on, let's do it today. And then, Lord, let us rejoice all the day long. [Music] I believe it was Zechariah that says, "We want to serve the Lord in righteousness and holiness all the days of our life." life. God, we just want our life to say, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty." As the angels sing that unceasingly in heaven, we want our life to continually pronounce that to the world, to our families. Help us husbands to joyfully love our wives. Help our wives, Lord, to do good to their husbands all the days of their life. Let us be joyful to our children, Lord God. Hallelujah. Let's be thankful for our jobs. Let's be thankful for the food and the daily bread that you provide. Lord God, you have been so kind. You have withheld nothing good from us, Lord God. You've given us so many good things, Lord God. I think I said it a few weeks ago. Lord, you've even opened up the windows of heaven so much. I hardly got room to receive all the food that was donated when Tulsi was born. Lord, almost ran out of room again. Lord, you're rich in mercy, God. You're so kind, so gracious, Lord God. May we boast in Jesus all the day long, Lord God, because of your love. And as the scripture said in Psalm 73, walk with us continually. Guide us continually through all of our life situations. And then, Lord, receive us into endless days. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name.
