################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - (6-11-25) David's Battle Against David, Pt. 2 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-12
Title:   (6-11-25) David's Battle Against David, Pt. 2 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XLo9ResZ3M
========================================

David looking at iniquity. I didn't finish it on Sunday, so I'd like to finish it here tonight. Psalm chapter 40:12. As I said, uh my inspiration for this was just kind of reading through the book of Psalm and I just was overwhelmed each time I saw the word iniquity. David said, I'm sorry, there's 60 cases of iniquity just in the book of Psalms. There's 60 verses and a lot of those are about David. I've been through most of them. I got to get through a few more. But it's just to me it's really inspiring to see what he said about his iniquity because that can help us with our iniquity. How many how many believe the Holy Spirit wrote all those songs? Praise God. Amen. It wasn't David's own ideas. The spirit of God uh came into his heart and allowed him to write all these beautiful songs we'd say about uh overcoming iniquity by the power of God. Hallelujah. And at the end, I think I I want to try to share a wonderful testimony a brother shared with me from overseas. It's a pretty awesome testimony, overcoming iniquity. So, I like to share that at the end. Uh by God's grace, I trusted. I asked the brother online, could I share it? He said, "Yes." Uh feel free to share it. So, Psalm 40:12. And as we said on Sunday, have you ever been so discouraged by your own sins that you could hardly lift your head at church or you couldn't even raise your hand at church because you're so discouraged by your own sins? That's how David felt here when he wrote Psalm 40. Verse 12. Let's read verse 12 if we can. Ready? One, two, three. For innumerable evils have compassed me about. Mine iniquities have taken hold upon me, so that I am not able to look up. They are more than the hairs of mine head. Therefore, my heart faileth me. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Bless you. So, I'm not going to review too much because I got a whole lot uh I want to get through, but uh we kind of looked at how we don't wrestle against flesh and blood. We looked at Romans 7 uh about the war within us, the war between the the law of the mind, the Bible said, and the the sin in our members, the law of our members, the Bible calls it. And then we saw how Brother Ram said, if you listen to it this week in part four of questions and answers, Brother Random said, "Do the vice versa of whatever sin you're battling, whatever complex, do exactly the opposite of what the flesh or could be a demon tells you to do. Do the exact opposite." Praise God. So hopefully that was helpful uh by the grace of the Lord. Then we looked at, you know, David's iniquities and he lied to the priest. He pretended to be insane uh yet it saved his life. And I thought about that today, how, you know, uh God kind of winked at his ignorance, right? Or God winked at his weakness. Kind of like how God spared Abraham's life when he lied when uh Moses murdered a person, right? We know David, of course, would eventually do that later. Uh but I even thought of how uh wasn't it Rahab that lied to the spies, right? So God uh in our moments of weakness, the angel Lord is going to protect us, right? No matter what, uh sins we do, no matter what failures we commit, right? Transgressions or iniquities, uh if it's not God's time for us to go home, right? Uh and we and something like that, we have to do even a lie or something or pretend to do something, God will forgive us and he'll extend our lives. So I thought that was really beautiful with Rahab there. She's a type of the gentile bride, right? uh getting saved right before the destruction of Jericho. So, it's a type of uh the rapture. So, uh uh we see that in David's life, he lied to the priests and all that. The lie caused uh all these priests to be murdered. Of course, that was all or mostly on Saul there. He pretended to be insane. He committed adultery, then committed uh uh murder, and then he was prideful to the census. He was uh he committed polygamy when the Bible said he he wouldn't. Let's pull that up there, would you, hun? And if you got your Bibles, let's get ready to read. I'm going to go through some new verses here tonight. So, everybody get out their Bible, please, if you're a reader. But, would you put up Deuteronomy 17:17 there? Remember Moses had told uh he had prophesied basically telling all the future kings, make sure you read the scripture every year. Remember, they do a fresh copy of the Bible. The kings were supposed to do that every year. So, this is uh the wisdom of God to uh the kings. Neither shall he multiply wives to himself. Right now, we don't know how many hundreds of wives David or I'm sorry, we don't know how many wives David had. We know Solomon had uh 700 wives, I think, and 300 concubines, if I'm not mistaken. It's either one or the other. So, he had a thousand uh women in his life, right? And the Bible said they turned his heart away from God, right? Now, I think I proved one time that David had at least eight wives, if I'm not mistaken, that were by name. Seven or eight by name, if I'm not mistaken. So, we don't know how many wives David actually had, but um that his heart turned not away. Neither shall he greatly multiply to himself silver or gold. Now, we can see Solomon clearly owed disobeyed dad, but but David did have a lot of wives, right? David did uh Abraham just had three, right? Sarah, uh Coutura, and then Hagar, right? Three. So, we see David, I'm sorry, we see Abraham didn't multiply wives, right? But David did, right? Because you you you can do multiplication, right? If he had eight or seven or eight wives, he's one, right? So one time eight or something like that or two, you know, two times four maybe, you know, uh so there was multiplication there. And then David had poor fathering as well. He failed to correct Amnan uh and Abselon and there was awful awful consequences, lots of murders in his family. Of course, that was partly due to because of his adultery and murder with Uriah Basheba. But then he he did fail to correct his sons. Now uh we also looked at how uh you know I want to get back to this how he changed his countenance. I I was reading uh more and church there's another psalm David wrote about that moment when he was captured by the Philistines and he was brought before King Akish and he pretended like he was insane. So let's go there. Let's go to Psalm 56 if you would. Let's go to Psalm 56. I'll do my reading here and then maybe after that we'll go individual verses and I can have the everybody read if they'd like to read tonight. So here's another one. Now look at the words here the before verse one, right? Because that's what we saw on Psalm 34. The words before the psalm sometimes tell the context. Not always, but sometimes they tell the context. to the chief musician upon Jonathan Elam Retrokim Mitchtam of David when the Philistines took him in Gath. So here we see the same thing, right? He's taken uh by the Philistines at Gath. And this was uh this seems like it was right before he went in before the king and and pretended to be insane. Look, let's look at this chapter though. Be merciful unto me, oh God, for man would swallow me up. be fighting daily oppresseth me. My enemies would daily swallow me up." Now, of course, he's speaking of King Saul there, but also the Philistines, for they be many that fight against me, oh thou most high. So, not not only is he fighting King Saul's men, right, and trying to escape them, but now he's amongst Philistines. So, he's just surrounded by enemies all around. Uh, what time I am afraid, I will trust in. Now, there's a good confession, right? He recognizes, well, when I'm afraid, what can I do? All I can do is trust in you. So that's a great song, right? Don't you love that? In God I will praise his word. Hallelujah. In God I have put my trust. I will not fear what flesh can do unto me. That's quite a statement there. Hallelujah. Every day they rest my words. And remember that means twist. Rest means twist. That's an oldfashioned King James word. But it means they they take what I say, but they give it a meaning that I didn't intend to mean, right? They twist the scriptures. They twist my words. That's not what I meant to say. You're twisting my meaning of my words, right? All their thoughts are against me for evil. In other words, no matter what I say, they're not going to say anything good about me. It's kind of like the politics, right? Uh when the Democrats are in, the Republicans can't say anything good. When the Republicans Republicans are in, the Democrats can't say anything good, right? Verse six, they gather themselves together. They hide themselves. They mark my steps. they or when they wait for my soul. Shall they escape by iniquity? In thine anger cast down the people, oh God. So in other words, God is not going to let them get away with their iniquity. Verse eight, thou tell us my wonderings, put thou my tears into thy bottle. Are they not in thy book? What a beautiful scripture that is. See, when you cry out to God, when you actually cry tears, God holds them, right? Put them in your bottle. Look at that. God collects all your tears. In other words, he hears all your prayers. Amen. Hallelujah. Think about that. All your tears he catches. All in other words, he knows everything you're crying about. Right? What a what an encouragement that is. And this is right before he goes before the king in the hometown of Goliath, the man he killed, the giant he defeated. Verse nine, when I cry unto thee, then shall my enemies turn back. This I know, for God is for me. Hallelujah. What a testimony. this. You can tell he's on he's he's battling fear, right? He's battling fear, but he's claiming the promise of God. Hallelujah. God is for me. So, see church, that's why we sing that song, the blessing, right? He is for me. Remember, we sing that. He is for me. He is for me. Now, some people complain that that's repetitive, but you might need that to encourage yourself sometimes. You might have to repeat it a couple times. God's for me. God's for me. God is for me. I believe God is for me. Sometimes you just got to repeat that. Sometimes you just got to repeat the word of God. Hallelujah. Until it becomes a reality, God is for me. And I know if I cry unto him, he's going to collect my tears. He's going to write down my prayers. Hallelujah. The angels are going to correct my or collect my prayers. And God is going to be for me. He's going to help me fight my enemies. Verse 10. I in God will I praise his word. In the Lord will I praise his word. In God and in the Lord. Hallelujah. In God have I put my trust. I will not be afraid what man can do unto me. Sounds like Jesus. Remember Jesus said, "Don't fear what man can do to you. They only have power over your body." But he said, "Fear God who has power over your soul." Hallelujah. Very scriptural here. Very inspired of the Holy Spirit. Now, I don't quite understand verse 12. Thy vows are upon me, oh God. I'm not sure what that means. Thy vows. Maybe God's promises to him. I will render praises unto thee. So, he's going to when he's afraid, he's going to call on God. He knows God is for him. He's going to give God the praise. So surely we can give God some praise tonight. Hallelujah. No matter what we're going through, we can give God praise. For thou hast delivered my soul from death. Now look at this. Wilt not thou deliver my feet from falling that I may walk before God in the light of the living. So what is he saying here? God's already delivered me before. Isn't he going to guide my steps now? Amen. In other words, God's not done with me, church. God's not done with you. Praise God. I know I'm preaching to young people here, you know, but I'm sure you've had battles and trials and you've had fearful moments, right? And those of us who are a little older, we've had more of those moments, but we've learned that if God did it once, he'll do it again. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. It's going to be probably different each time, but God will deliver us. Praise God. Hallelujah. What a And now look, look yours. This is his prayer to go along with the other one. Remember the other one? The high the highlight to me was now that was just me. The highlight to me was that the angel of the Lord encamps around all those that fear God. Amen. So, how can I fear if God's angel's here? If God's for me, God will deliver me again. And God did. Hallelujah. Now, church, I could be wrong here, but imagine David, he's spitting, right? He's scratching on the walls or he's scribbling. Remember, he's got like a pencil. He's scribbling on the walls. He's spitting up. But you know what that reminded me of? That reminded me of the day of Pentecost. Amen. Because the Bible said, "Are these drunk men?" See, see, see the similarity there. Yeah, that I believe that was a foreshadowing, right? There's a foreshadowing. David looked insane. Was they looked insane on the day of Pentecost as well? Hallelujah. But Peter says, "This is they're not drunk on natural, wine, but this is the Holy Spirit." God said, "Behold, I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh." Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. So, both cases, I believe both cases, they looked unnatural. uh they looked uh we'd say unnormal. I'm probably making false English words here. They looked uh strange. But in both cases, God brought about the victory despite their behavior. Amen. Hallelujah. And in other words, God used their behavior to bring about the victory. Hallelujah. Amen. Are you okay, Z? You okay, bud? Okay. Uh you want to help him out, Casea? I don't know if he's feeling sick. We've had sickness go through our house here lately. Thank you, Kesha. Yeah, just you don't cry very much. So, thank you, Casea. Appreciate that. So, how many like Psalm 56? That was fresh to me. Now, we got two Psalms, two songs about the same event. And church, if we're ever discouraged, we ought to go there and remember that that God collects all of our tears. Think of all the tears you cried at your seat or your altar or, you know, here at the altar or uh in your prayer closet at home or you cried in the car. Every time you cried, God saw it. Hallelujah. What an encouragement. You know, I've always wondered where that verse was. Uh because I've forgotten, but there it is. Praise God. Psalm 56. Hallelujah. Now, I'd like to get some readers here. Um if you got uh reading or maybe we'll start up front, Sister Zer, would you like to read tonight? Would that be okay? All right. Would you go to Psalm 40, sister? Psalm chapter 40. back to our text and then I want to get uh nature would you get Ezra 96 then Caris Luke 18:13 Victoria Luke 5'8 and I can repeat them here so we're going to start with Zur with Psalm 40 uh verse u I'm going to have her read uh 112 and 13 I'm going to have Zur read that for us so let everybody get there and then we'll start up a moment so I'm going to bring out uh what I'm bringing out is more verses where David talked about iniquities because I want you to see how he handled iniquities in his life. Church, does God ever delight in us sinning? Does God No. But does God know we're going to sin? Yes. That's why he provided a a bleach. Brother Ram says he provided a bleach, a way that we could get clean. Praise God. Not just uh and on Calvary. Yeah, it was one time he paid for everything, right? But that was that was future. That was uh forgiving us for all the future. uh but in our present life we get dirty in our thoughts or in our actions or in our deeds and so we need a cleansing daily in our lives. Hallelujah. So I'd like sister Z would you read uh Psalm 40 11 12 and 13 please. Amen. Thank you, sister. Wonderful job. Wonderful. Now, look, look, I just want to point out a few things. David's saying, "God, you have tender mercy on me. Your loving kindness and truth preserve me." So, what's going to keep us when we're struggling? Am I forgiven? Am I saved? What's going to keep us remembering God has loving kindness for us. Hallelujah. That's what David That's what David has to remember. Remember God is loving. God is merciful. And church uh I wanted her to read that because it says uh my my iniquities are more than the hairs in my head. Now Sunday I said there was like a thousand hairs. I was way off. There's between uh the average is between a 100,000 and 120 hairs on your head. I was way off. I was off by like a hundred times. Now, so if you put your hands on your hair real quick, that's that's a lot. That's a 100 thousand hairs right there. And David said, "My sins are like the number of hairs." Now, church, do you think he was lying? No, he wasn't lying. And remember that one time, Brother Ram said, "I uh" he said, "I I sin thousands of times in a year." Now, does doesn't that make sense? David said, "I my iniquities are like a hundred thousand." And brother Ram's like, "I sin thousands of times in a year." See how it fits perfectly? Now, is God big enough to forgive us? Absolutely. Is God's grace great enough to forgive us? Is his grace sufficient? And the church said, "Amen." If God forgave David, as we said, God forgave Brother Brandham, God will forgive us. If God forgave Paul of standing there as an accomplice to murder and then how he would drag Christians into jails and prisons and try to get them to get them to blaspheme. If God would forgive that, God will forgive us too. So I hope these sermons encourage you just how to uh understand for me it encouraged me uh to understand how God was so merciful to David even in his iniquities and God will be merciful to us even in our iniquities. So that's what it's helping me. All right. Now, and then look at verse 13. Be pleased, oh Lord, to deliver me. So, David is expecting God to be pleased with him. Despite having 100,000 sins, David still expects God to forgive all those and love him and be pleased with him. In other words, God's not angry with you of all the sins you you you make as long as you confess them. Okay? Does that make sense? David expects God to be pleased with him. And God was, right? Because God called him, God told uh uh Samuel, he's a man after my own heart, yet he's got 10,000 sins. I'm sorry, 100,000. I'm still I'm still way below. I keep messing up the number. A 100,000 sins. Now, just so the girls understand, that's less than the number of people in that live in Akran. I think the last census was about 120,000 if I'm not mistaken. Or maybe it's 200,000. So, think about that. When you drive through Akran, all the people in all those homes, that's about the number of of hairs on your head. And that's the number of sins David said he had. And yet God could still forgive him. And God could say, "You're a man after my own heart." That's mercy. That's loving kindness. Hallelujah. Praise God. So all God expects is that we daily repent of our sins. That's all God expects. Now, let's go to uh nature. Now, here's some more verses about the heads hanging low. Ezra 96. Nature got that one. Amen. So Ezra, remember Ezra, he came to teach the people the word. He left from Babylon to go back to Jerusalem after Zerubabel had gone back. Remember that? So that was called the return from exile. Israel got exiled to Babylon. But then God put it on Cyrus's heart for some of them to come back. Well, Ezra, when he comes back, he praises us and says, "God, we have been so wicked and he's so ashamed of the people's sins that he can't even raise his head." Hallelujah. So, does that sound familiar? Just like David. David couldn't even lift his head. So, see friends, should we feel bad for our sins? Yes. Yes, we should feel bad. And there's going to be times, you young girls especially, as you get older, Lydia probably knows, I'm sure Zur and I understand, there's going to be times we're ashamed that we did the sins that we did, and it makes us hang our heads, right? I can say amen to that. There's times I don't feel worthy to even lift my head to heaven. But you got to go through that to experience God's loving kindness. Hallelujah. So, David did it. Ezra did it. Now, the next one was Luke 18:13. Carris, the publican. I love this one. The publican. Very good. So, which one did Jesus say got forgiven? The prideful one or the humble one? The one that wouldn't lift up his head. So, other guy's like, "Oh, thank God I fast twice a week. Thank God I'm so holy." And the other guy that couldn't even lift up to heaven, he just smites his chest. Which one was forgiven? The humble one with his head down. So that shows how God wants us to look at ourselves. We need his mercy. We need to confess our sins every day. Amen. Hallelujah. Now church, there's going to be days you didn't sin, maybe much or maybe at all. Brother Bam says, uh, in one place, Brother Bam says you can go without sinning. Another place he says you'll sin every day. So, and like I said, maybe you make it through a day you didn't sin. Hallelujah. But either way, there's going to be times you come to church where you're really rejoicing and you can't lift your head. There's going to be times maybe you can't lift your head, but keep trusting in the loving kindness and mercy of Almighty God because that's what David had to do. That's what Ezra had to do. That's what the publican had had to do. And also the next one is Peter. So I think we're at Victoria. Uh Luke 5'8. Hun, you want to read that? So now Peter, the man with the keys to the kingdom, praise God, the man with a revelation from the father that Jesus was the Christ. Even his sins make him bow his head at the feet of Jesus and say, "I am a sinner. I'm a wicked man." Because he wouldn't take Jesus' uh uh wisdom to throw the net on the other side, right? It took him a while to obey. So, see church, if it takes us a while for us to obey, we should feel ashamed of that. We should have to repent of that. Praise God. But no, he's not done with us. He's going to give us another chance. He's going to deliver us again. Hallelujah. Just like David. Amen. He said, David said, "I know he's going to deliver me again. If he did it once, he'll do it again." Praise God. We're talking about a loving father. No wonder the Bible said, "For God so loved and God but God who's rich in mercy." Praise God. No wonder the Bible says that. And remember church, he had sins from his youth. So in case you put up uh a member Psalm 25:7. So David wasn't a perfect child. So children, you don't have to be perfect. Now you want to try. You want to try, but you're not going to be perfect. So remember, God's not going to remember your sins if you confess them. Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions according to thy mercy. Remember thou me for thy goodness sake, oh Lord. In other words, remember the good things I did in middle school. Right. Me too. Right. Remember the good things I did in high school, Lord. Case's in high school. Haven. Uh what grade are you going in next next year? Okay. Not not yet. So you're one year away. Haven's close to high school. So remember my sins that I committed in middle school or elementary or high school or college or whatever, wherever you are, Lord, but use me. Remember me for your goodness sake. Remember what I wanted to do for you. Praise God. And the good things I did do for you. So it just shows David said, "I got a 100,000 sins right on his hair, on his head." He's like, "These remind me of all my sins, but I know he'll forgive them and he'll remember the good things I did as well." Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. So he, in other words, he wasn't perfect like Jesus. Jesus was the only perfect child. Hallelujah. That's right. Now church, let's look at Psalm 31. Virtue, do you want to read, hun? Okay. Psalm 31:9. Eden, do you want to read, hun? Okay. Can you get Psalm 32:5? Pardon me? Share Bible. That's fine. Huh? Very good. So Psalm 31:9 for virtue and then Psalm 32:5. So there are two consecutive chapters. Psalm 31, Psalm 32. And then Lydia, you want to get uh 2 Timothy 2:25. I can tell I'm not going to make it very far. I thought I'd get through all this. There's no way I'm going to get close. I wanted to be done at a good time too, just for my family's sake here. Uh, so let me set a timer. Maybe do like half an hour more. How long is that? I've been on the live stream. 25. Okay. So I'll do 30 minute time. Okay. Uh, God, virtue. Psalm 319 and 10. Can you read 9 and 10? 31 9 and 10. sighing. Amen. Okay. So, David's asking for mercy, right? This is David. And what he said, he has grief in his in his soul and his belly. So he can feel it real deep inside, right? He has grief because he he's had lots of years of sighing. You ever know what a sigh is? When you go, can this day get any worse? You know, can can any other trials come all my life? I've waited so long. And he's these are the years he spent running from King Saul. Okay? And now I want you to notice his strength failed because of what? His own iniquity. Not Saul. Not his enemies, but his own iniquity. So see this kind of goes along with your heads hanging down. You can hardly worship, hardly pay attention to the preaching or or maybe at home you can hardly read your Bible, hardly pray because your iniquities impact you, right? The enemy will try to bring guilt. The enemy will try to bring discouragement. So much that affects your body too, right? It affects your body where your head hangs down. Can't even look up to heaven. You don't you don't even feel strong enough to get out of your chair. We'll say it like that. Or sometimes you ever feel like that you don't want to get out of bed. Now, that might be because you're tired, but David had it where it was because of his sin. Ever felt like that? You don't want to get up because of your sin? You don't want to face the next day because of your sin? You're not alone. David was there. Hallelujah. But if David overcame, you can overcome, too. Hallelujah. Because you've got a better covenant and better promises. Hallelujah. Praise God. We have a blood that can clear our conscience. So, see, we've got we will go through this, but our going through this should be shorter because we've got more powerful blood. Amen. I read it this morning. Uh, Hebrews 10:4, put up there. Hebrews 10:4, the it's impossible for the blood of bulls and goats to take away sin. That's right. So, that's what that's part of the reason David had so much guilt on him. His head was hanging down. He had no strength because of all the hundred,000 iniquities. I'm going to keep going like that. 100,000 or maybe 120,000. He felt like iniquities, but he still trusted in God. It was Hebrews, I'm sorry, 10:4. Honey, I said the wrong one. Hebrews 10:4. My fault. Yes. Thank you. So, it wasn't possible. So, see, this is very important. No wonder David struggled with sin so much. Now, we got a different situation. We've got the blood of Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh, hold your spot. Let me go to Hebrews 10. I think it says I think it's 10:29. I could be wrong, huh? But it says, "How much more shall the blood of Jesus Christ uh purge our conscience?" Is it 10:29? I'm thinking, No, that's the So, at least once a service I I want to go try to find a quote where I lose something, right? And so, you're always very patient. Conscience. Yep. I'm sure that's it. There you go, hun. Thank you. All right, let's let's give her two claps. Ready? How much more shall the blood of Christ, Now, he's comparing the Old Testament and the New Testament. How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God? So, the conscience says, "Oh, I can't believe I mistreated Haven like that yesterday. I can't believe I said that to Acacia yesterday. Or I can't believe I sinned against Lydia when I did that yesterday. You know, your conscience will get on you. Oh, you're not worthy of going to church. You're not worthy of preaching. You're not certainly not worthy of song leading. But the Bible says the blood of Jesus Christ purges that. It sends that away as long as we confess it. He's faithful when we're not. Hallelujah. Amen. He's faithful to cleanse us from all unrighteousness and purge our conscience so we can go do our duty, right? We can do our works. We can do the good works. We can serve our husband, serve our wife. We can serve our children. We can go to work and face our boss again. Whatever. We can go to school, face our teachers, even though we made mistakes and say, "I'm forgiven." Hallelujah. Amen. I'm not going to live in guilt. I'm not going to live in shame. I'm not going to live with my head down. I'm going to lift up my head. Praise God. Amen. Because the blood of Jesus Christ has purged my conscience. So now I can go serve him. Right? I'm not going to sit in an idol condition. I'm going to go serve God. And I put out a YouTube video this morning, you know, and I was even honest on there. Some days I don't feel like making a YouTube video. Amen. Some days I'm really excited to do it. Some days I'm not because I don't feel worthy. Some days I don't feel worthy to come preach and song lead. But you know what? I got two choices. I can either live under the condemnation or I can confess a sin and have no condemnation. Amen. Amen. So what do I choose? Romans 8:1. There is now therefore no condemnation to them who are in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. And walk after the spirit and not the flesh. Right? You got to make a choice. And so church, as long as you confess your sins, God hears your confession. And then your conscience can be purged even though you got 120,000 sins. You might feel like like I told Lydia in the van on the way to church. Do you think David was lying when he said I now he might have been using hyperbole, right? Where you make exaggerations, but he wasn't lying. He wasn't lying saying, "Well, yeah, I'm just going to make up this crazy number." In other words, everybody sins, right? We all fall short of God's glory, and it's a pretty big number. Okay. Now, good reading there. Uh, wonderful. That was virtue, right? So, we got Eden. Eden. Psalm 32:E5. Good. Very good. Give it to class. Great job, Eden. Now, for the live streamers, they didn't hear that. I acknowledge my sin unto thee, and my iniquity have I not hid. I said, I will confess my transgressions unto the Lord, and thou forgavest the iniquity of my sin. Sila. Now, cila means to stop and pause. So, you got to stop and pause that. As long as I don't hide my sin and I confess it, he forgives me. That's why it's so important to pray every night before bed, right? Confess all your sins, right? Could get it all confessed. Don't hide it from God. He sees it anyway, church. Let's not think we can hide something from the allseeing God whose eyes run to and forth on the earth all day, all night. His eyes are running through this church. His eyes are running through our cars. His He's everywhere. Praise God. So, let's just confess what we've done. He saw it anyway. Praise God. And then stop and think and pause and said, "As long as I didn't hide it and confess it, he's forgiven it." This is not a license to sin. But I'll say like this. It's a license to confess your sins and feel forgiven. Amen. It's a license to know you're a sinner, but if you confess, he will forgive you. Praise God. You still have the law in your members. That's what I mean. Now, in one way, you're a saint. Yes. In one way, you're a saint. another way you're a saint and a sinner, right? And brother Bam says, at church all the way to the end of his life, he says, "I'm a sinner saved by grace." Even after preaching the greatest services, he called him, he said, "If I ever preach anything inspired, it was those seven seals." And even at the end of that, he said, "I'm just a sinner saved by grace, not fit to live." He said, "Put all this grace on Jesus Christ." So even in the most even in your most anointed times, think about that. When were you most anointed by the Holy Ghost? Even in that, you should have been able to say, "I'm a sinner." Say, "By grace, God did it." Whatever it was. Amen. Whatever it was, God did it. Praise God. Because in Brother Ram's greatest time of anointing of services, he said, "I'm still a sinner saved by grace." Now, so see that? And it's so simple. Just acknowledge to God, I sinned, but I'm not going to hide it. God, forgive my sins. And then you'll be forgiven. Now, here's here's where when people remain in sin and they're trapped in sin and addiction, here's this is the problem. They won't acknowledge their sin. They act like they haven't done anything wrong. Right? So, Lydia's got that. Second Timothy 2:25 and 26. So, when people get caught in a snare or a complex or an awful sin, their problem is they don't acknowledge that they are in sin and they hide their sin from others. They hide their sin from God because they're say, "Oh, I haven't done nothing wrong." Go ahead, Lydia. Good. Leave that up there, hun. Wonderful job. See, so if someone's going to if someone's opposing themselves to their own personal sin, if they're going to repent, they have to acknowledge the truth that they got caught in Satan's snare, right? They have to admit it was my sin. It was my fault. They have to acknowledge I gave into the sin, whether it's lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, pride of life, right? And then if they do that, then they can recover themselves out of the snare or out of the trap. Right? That's what David did. David said, "I acknowledge my sin. I'm the one that sinned against God." David said, "I'm not blaming on Basheba. It was me." Right? That's what he said. He said, "Against you only have I sinned." Now, also, he sinned against Israel and Basheba and Uriah. But he it was so personal to him. He said, "I you're the one I sinned against. I'm acknowledging that I sinned. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, that ought to help us, especially as our with our siblings, right? Children, can you look up here? If you hurt your brothers or sisters, now you got brothers. If you hurt your brother or sister's feelings, you go say, "I'm sorry. It's my fault." That's you acknowledging your sin. Say that. It's my fault. It's It was my sin. Okay? Does that make sense? That's when you'll be really forgiven. Not like, "Well, I sinned, but it's your fault because you did." No, no, no, no. There's no, "But it's your fault." It's your fault. Just confess your sins. Acknowledge your sins. Don't make excuses for sins because you can overcome. You had every opportunity to overcome sin. Amen. No one forced you to sin. Amen. So, you just have to say, "I'm sorry. No matter what you did to me, it doesn't matter. I sin back." Or, "I sinned as well." Praise God. There's going to be sometimes children, there's going to be some times as you grow up, other people, you might repent to them and you might hope they repent back and they won't and you still got to forgive them, especially when you get older, right? Nature's going to see that as you get to middle school, high school, you're going to see that. You'll apologize to a friend, but maybe a friend won't apologize back. You still got to love them. And you got to pray that they will they'll get this. They'll get the acknowledging of the truth and they'll repent that they did some wrong as well. Very good. Good. Lydia, thank you, hun. Okay, so I'm already at uh Okay, it's almost 8 o'clock. All right, now church, I just want to remind you of this quote. I have a quote here um that sometimes brother Brandham would go to the pulpit knowing he was battling sin. So, I'm going to read that quote again about crit having a critical spirit. He said, 'I want, this is 1954, October 3rd. I want to ask the church one more thing before we get some place to study the scriptures. That is that you'll pray for me. I've developed a critical spirit and it haunts at me. I told my wife yesterday the first time something happened now that I was sitting in the yard and I told her, she had reminded me and I told her about it. I said, "Honey, I've got to a place till I become critical of people. I don't want to be. Whose job is it? It's not mine. God's the one to criticize, not me. But he asks he So, what am I saying? You're going to have to just go through events knowing you're battling spirits. Amen. Right. You like brother, he couldn't get away from it. He's like, I'm currently I'm current this currently haunts me. I've developed this. In other words, I got a complex, but I still got to do my duty. So, see, church, what do you give up or you just keep pressing through? You keep pressing through. You don't give up. God wants you. Did Did David give up when he's running for all those years? No. He just kept believing. He kept trying to sing new songs. Amen. Right. He just put on a He just put on a happy song. He put on Omema or something like that or praise. I'm gonna praise. He just put on a happy song to try to lift his spirits. So if God did it once, he can do it again. Praise God. Hallelujah. But brother comes and he preaches knowing he's got a complex, but he still asks for the people's prayers. Now, most of you here are never going to preach, right? But you're going to make supper or you're going to fold some laundry, right? Or you're going to make Yeah. You're going to make breakfast, right? or you're going to sing a song special or you're going to work on the computer or you're going to play on the organ. Or you're going to play tambourine. You're going to do something and you might be battling, but don't quit. Just trust in God. Just keep trying to get through it and do the best you can and God will bring deliverance at the right time. Hallelujah. Think about that. For years, David wanted delivered from Saul. Did he get it right away? No. apparently here, brother Bam, I I don't know how long he had this, but when he went to the pulpit, he still didn't have deliverance from this. He said, "Pray for me. I've developed a critical spirit." So, I'm just letting you know there's going to be sometimes we're doing things for God, but we're battling inside. We're battling complexes inside. Amen. But you don't quit. You don't give up. You don't let not what do you do? You don't hide it. Now, look at that. That's that's one reason I know brother Ham was a true prophet. He didn't hide sins all the time. He was able to humble himself and say, "I've got a critical spirit." Remember he said, "I feel like a jellyfish." Remember that? I feel like a son of kish. I'm walking in Balum's shoes. I've never to this day I've never heard a preacher say that other than brother Brandham. No. No preacher is ever that honest to tell us. Now, I'm not saying all the preachers have to. I don't want to know some of their sins, okay? Just like I wouldn't want to tell some of my sins. But in these minor ones, Brother Ram's able to just be honest. You know why? Because he had the Holy Ghost and he the Holy Ghost wrote these words and said, "I'm not going to hide it." So there's certain certain things he could confess before the people. So in other words, you're going to have to do your duty while still battling your iniquity. And the church said, just like brother Brandham, you can be haunted by your iniquities or your critical spirit or whatever it is. Uh could be lust. Like I had a brother email me today. He said he keeps falling to lust. And I said, don't be discouraged. Just keep battling those demons. Keep fighting. Keep fighting the good fight of faith. Praise God. Don't give up. Because some people might battle lust. Some people might battle greed. Some people might uh battle uh uh you know pride as we're saying with their call themselves the greatest of all time and all these things. Some people might battle of that critical spirit, right? But whatever we're going to battle, we've got one answer. We've got the blood of Jesus Christ to wash us clean. Hallelujah. Sometimes it's going to take longer than others for us to really repent and truly repent fully and get the victory like we want. All right. Um, let's read a couple more. Um, I'll read these because I think everybody's read once. Let's go to Psalm 38:3. Everybody got your Bible? Psalm 38:3. I think I'll stop the verses at that point. I'll close with those few testimonies. I think they'd be a blessing. Psalm 38:3, please. I think it really helped you. It helped me. It brought me to tears. I'm reading this email and I'm and I'm almost crying. I'm like, "Oh my goodness, God is so rich in mercy." Praise God. That's why, church, we can have hope for people who fall away or whatever happens, people that live in sin, we can have hope for them because if God saved this person, God can save anybody. God can save anybody. Psalm 38:3, "There is no soundness in my flesh because of thine anger. Neither is there any rest in my bones because of my sin." So now he's seen his head is down because of his sin. He's hanging his head. He has no strength and he feels like he's got no rest. Anybody ever feel like that? Amen. I try to sleep it off. I still don't feel rested because of my sin. David, a man after God's own heart, a man who slew Goliath, a man who they'd sing songs about. Anybody ever sang a song about you? No. No one's ever sang a song about me either. But this is a great man. We'd say, we'd say, a man that was really used by God, yet he feels like I have no strength. I can't get any rest because of my sin. See, don't let the devil beat you up too long. confess your sins and realize God has forgiven you. I appreciate uh appreciate the Lord's word tonight. Look at look at verse four. For my iniquities have gone over mine head. So they're just it's like it's like a flood, right? When the enemy comes in like a flood. Sometimes the enemy comes in because we let him in. Sometimes the flood comes in because uh we let the flood come up. Okay. My iniquities are going over my head. I'm just overwhelmed with my mistakes. A man after God's own heart as in heavy burden. They are too heavy for me. So I don't have any rest. And church, you ever feel like that? What's the picture of that? Uh Pilgrim's Progress. You ever seen Pilgrim's Progress? Before he gets saved, he's carrying that burden. But look, David says it can happen after you get saved, too. So, if you never seen Pilgrim's Progress, it's this man. It's a it's a a it's a not symbolism, but it's a metaphor. What's another word? Allegory. There you go. It's an allegory of a Christian. He hears he reads in a book about this eternal city, right? And he's making his way there, but as he goes, his burden gets heavier and heavier until he comes to the cross and then this huge backpack falls off. It's an awesome p. It's awesome movie if you haven't seen it. It's just a beautiful story. But then he then he's free. Then he's got the armor on. You know, he's like a new man. Christian's his name. Praise God. Beautiful story. But David, after he's already slain giant Goliath, he's got a giant burden from his sins. So, see church, what am I saying? We fight different giants. Sometimes it's a giant trying to take our life like Goliath, but sometimes it's the giant amount of sin that we've done. Brother Brandon had it. It haunts me. It wasn't helping him. It was haunting him. Our sin should haunt us until we what? Cast our burdens. Cast all your cares on the Lord. For he cares for you. Whichever felt like that, church, that my burdens, my sins, I can't I can't carry my sins anymore. So, what can you do? I must tell Jesus. That's why I love when Simon sings that song. I must tell Jesus all my troubles. What's the What's the verse say? I must tell Jesus. Jesus will what? Help. Jesus will help. Jesus will hear me. Right? Jesus cares. Hallelujah. Just don't hide your sin. Confess it. And if you know you confess it in prayer, he forgives it. But church, if anybody if if there's anyone in the Bible you can relate to to having trouble with sin and feeling guilty or shame, it's David. That's what's been inspired to me. I'm I'm seeing this. I'm like, "Oh my goodness, how did I miss this before?" But you know what? There's a time and season for everything. Amen. Hallelujah. Look at verse five. My wounds stink and are corrupt because of my foolishness. So even even his own mistakes even cause his body to to stink. So somehow he got pains. And if that's literal, verse six, I am troubled. I am bowed down greatly. I go mourning all the day long. Ever felt like you wasted a whole day feeling sorry for yourself? Join the club. The club of the people after God's own heart. That's David's club. That's Ezra, right? We saw it. Ezra, Daniel, they pray. They mourn over other people's sins. Now, skip down to verse 15. Psalm 38:15. For in thee, O Lord, do I hope. Thou wilt hear, O Lord my God. So see, as we look as we looked at a few years ago, it's okay to complain to God and tell God all your feelings, but you got to end with hope. Don't let the devil you bring you to depression, right? Let the Lord bring you out of that depression. Hope in the Lord. Praise God. You're still alive. You still got a chance to sing. You still got good parents. You still got a good church. There's hope. You still got the Bible. Hallelujah. Amen. You still got the Holy Ghost. Amen. You still got the message to listen to. You have so many blessings. Hallelujah. Hope in the Lord. Praise God. Glory. For in thee I hope. Do I hope? Verse 16. For I said, hear me, lest otherwise they should rejoice over me. When my foot slipth, they magnify themselves against me. Verse 17, for I'm ready to halt and my sorrow is continually before me. So now, not only is he drowning in it, now it's also in front of him. Look, I mean, is this can everybody understand this is David? This is the man who slain 10,000, but he also must have failed 10,000 times, too. Maybe church is like this. Maybe as many times as he vict got the victory, that's many times he failed because it just said, "I got a hundred thousand There's the number of the hairs in my head. Look at verse 18. For I will declare mine iniquity. I will be sorry for my sin. There it is. Declare it to God. Now, if you sin against an individual like brother used with adultery, uh a woman asked Brother, "Uh, I confess my sin to my husband. I commit adultery with another man. Do I need to go to that man and his wife?" Brother man's like, "Yes, you need to go to them. Can't just confess it to your husband." He she he said, "You got to go confess it to the other person's spouse as well, right?" So, there's times you Yeah. If you sin publicly or something like that, uh you got to go confess that publicly, right? And then we'll be sorry for our sin. Now, I will get back to this here. Um, my there's just so much hit a scripture here, though. Uh, yeah. There's so so many here. Yeah. Let's go to uh let's go back to Psalm 25. I think I'll end with that one and then we'll do the story here. Psalm 25:10. We already were in Psalm 25, but let's go back to Psalm 25:10. Psalm 25:10. All the paths of the Lord are mercy and truth unto who? Such as keep his covenant and his testimonies. Well, that must include somebody who failed a h 100,000 times as well. Hallelujah. Because David's like, I'm keeping them, but I'm also breaking them. Hallelujah. We're keeping the message, but sometimes we disobey the message. That's okay. We're still in the covenant. Praise God. Hallelujah. Because we're in the covenant through the blood of the sacrifice. Who's our sacrifice? The Lord Jesus Christ. Remember we preached on communion. You're sprinkled with the spirit of God. You're sprinkled with the blood of Jesus Christ. When when you're joined to the covenant, when you got baptized in water. Hallelujah. Oh my. Thank you, Lord. Verse 11, for thy name's sake, oh Lord, pardon mine iniquity, for it is great. It's like a hundred thousand 100 thousand hairs. It's great iniquity. Pardon it, oh Lord. What man is he that fearth the Lord? Him shall he teach in the way that he shall choose. Now remember, church, what's the fear of the Lord? Hate evil and depart from evil. So David had the fear of the Lord. He knew his iniquity was great, but he was able to depart from it and get right back on the right track. the right path. Verse 13, his soul shall dwell at ease and his seed shall inherit the earth. So look, there's ease. Remember before he couldn't have any rest. He couldn't rest because of his sin. But now he's confessed his sin. And now he feels that he can be at ease. He can have rest in his life because I didn't hide my sin. I told the Lord about my sin. Praise God. So the same man, he could have no rest and have all this all this guilt and shame, but then as soon as he confesses it, now I'm at ease. Now I got peace in my life. And that peace is available to all of us tonight here present and also on the live stream. God's peace is available to us. The next verse 14, I think is my last verse. Yes. The secret of the Lord is with them that fear him, and he will show them his covenant. A man that sinned a hundred thousand times, yet if he confess, God will still show him the secrets. And church, we've been given the mysteries of God. We got the, as I put out today, we have the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Church, most people think if you just come up and say a prayer, "Oh, I want to ask Jesus in my heart." Now you're filled with the Holy Ghost. We know that's a bunch of foolishness. Amen. Why do we know that? Because the secret of God is with us. I've stood in a a church meeting and the preacher said, "You know, you five year old children, you're filled with the Holy Ghost and you can do greater works than Jesus." And I just went like this. Oh, God have mercy. Because they don't believe in the three works of grace. They don't believe in the real baptism of the Holy Ghost. They think you're filled with the Holy Ghost as soon as you say a sinner's prayer, a scripted prayer. But God has shown us the secret of the Lord. Amen. How many How many thankful for that? Praise God. And I'm glad we know that. Brother Brandham said, "It's not that we're going to do greater works than Jesus. How could you do greater than Jesus? It just means the church is going to do more." Hallelujah. Amen. Because the Holy Ghost is in more people's lives. Nobody could do greater than Jesus. Hallelujah. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. Keep the live stream on because I want them to hear this testimony. I'm going to close with this one. I want to be mindful of the time just for my family's sake. Boy, we've had a whole month or more of sickness and hopefully we get out of this here pretty soon. There's my 30 minutes anyway. So now church, let me read this here. This is especially helpful for our young people here by God's grace. Now this is a brother uh in the message. So I want you to listen to this. I was growing up in a Christian family knowing the message. I was baptized at 13 years old. So, a lot of you were baptized before this man. I understood that Jesus died for my sins and I tried to be a good Christian. Notice try. When I was 14, I got into bad company in school and I started to smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol. As I was older, I started to use drugs and I was in I was in a deep way down. I stopped going to school and went away from home. I was using all sorts of drugs. I'm not going to read them. At least three kinds of drugs every day. Three different kinds of drugs every day. He was raised in the message. He had been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I went to Switzerland for a time and there I started to use even worse drugs. I'm not going to read them. I totally lost control of my life. I was stealing money, selling drugs, sleeping on the streets many times. And as he'll as he'll tell later, he left the message, but the message people kept praying for him. Hallelujah. So church, we just got to keep praying. Now, we don't we haven't had anybody here that's left us and is sleeping on the streets. Now, Austin did, but God brought him back, right? But think how low this person stooped into sin. I spent all my money for drugs and women. So, fornication or whorongers. We talked about that. He was a fornicator and a hormonger. And all my friends were addicts and criminals. Because remember, he's stealing. God saved my life from overdose more than once and also tried to commit suicide, but the hands of God spared me. I didn't want to even hear about God. I was mocking him, cursing him. I hated everything that was connected to God. Yet, he'd already been baptized. My life was all about drugs, money, and women. At one point, I realized that if I continue like this, I will die soon. I tried to stop my addiction, but I failed miserably every time I tried. So now he's in a snare. He can't get out. I was cold and my heart was like stone. Sound familiar? When you get saved, you get a heart of what? Flesh. New heart, new spirit. God's spirit. Three works of grace. Nothing satisfied me anymore. I couldn't sleep and I hated to be awake and sober. One night I was in the Netherlands in a small apartment. I was alone. My backpack was full of drugs and alcohol. As usual, I couldn't sleep. I was deeply troubled. I didn't know what is happening with me. And this brother told me I felt led to share this with you with me. And he said I could share it with you. I didn't know what was happening with me. I was so empty. It was about midnight. I turned on my laptop and I wrote into the internet something like William Brandon message. He's at he's like the prodigal son, right? He's as far away from God as he possibly could be. But something started taking control of him. I wonder if God was hearing prayers that were I wonder if God was collecting all those tears for all those years. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. I clicked on the first thing and I turned on a message. It went for about 5 minutes. I didn't listen to what he tells was telling. I was just standing in an empty dark room. Then I realized what I did and I quickly turned it off and closed my laptop. I didn't understand what was happening. I was not in church for six or seven years. He was out doing drugs, money, women. I thought I went insane. I didn't know why I turned on a message. It was like it's not me. Then I started to think about my life. I remember the 13 year olds of mine when I gave my life to God. Isn't that just like the prodigal? I remembered, oh, I've got a dad. I've got a dad who could take care of me. I don't have to live like this. I remembered how I was mocking God. How I brought shame on his name with my behavior. I remember that once I loved him, but I left him. I left him to go sin and spit on him by the sinful things that I did intentionally to mock Christians. Then I felt something strange. I felt like there's somebody else in the room with me. Hallelujah. Praise God. He leaves the 99 to go get the one. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. I felt a presence and I heard a voice in my heart. You did all these things to mock me and went far in sin, but you're still my son and I'm waiting for you in the crossroad where you left me. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I felt his overwhelming love. See, church, that's what that's what wins souls is God's divine love. What's going to help you overcome any guilt or condemnation? The love of Jesus Christ. Didn't David say that? Thy loving kindness is better than life. This was too much for me. I broke. I fell on my knees and cried for forgiveness. Afterwards, I told him, "Lord Jesus, you know that I want to go to you, but this chains of drugs are holding me. If you if you help me to get free from it, I promise I will serve you in all of my life. God set me free in that very moment. Since I stood up from that prayer, I didn't have any desire for drugs. That was eight years ago. I threw all my drugs in the trash. I deleted everything that was connected me to the world. My first way was to my brother who is my pastor now. And church, look at that. He deleted and got rid of everything that would tempt him. So if the if the phone's causing you trouble, get a different phone. If the computer's causing you trouble, get rid of that. Whatever's causing you trouble, get rid of sin. Amen. My brother, I went to see my brother. He was shocked to see me in the late night. He opened the door and I told him, "I want to pray with him." He couldn't believe what he heard. I said, "I told you I want you to pray with me. I want to be a Christian like you are." Needless to say, we prayed and cried together from the joy that God gave a miracle in my life. Later, I went home and took all my sinful stuff outside, poured gasoline on it, and lit it on fire. Hallelujah. Sounds like the book of Acts when they took all those witchcraft books and burn it. All my worldly clothes, all the things that connected me with the world now was burning. I still not can tell I still cannot tell this story without tears in my eyes. Thank you, Jesus. He said, 'I can give thanks for everything. What I have only to God. He took my addiction, restored my life, gave me back my family, parents, gave me a wife, and now we expect our second baby very soon. He gave me a little humble ministry also so I can serve him. So, I don't know what he does, but he does some type of ministry for God. Hallelujah. He is my everything. So when it comes to the message in the gospel, I know what power is there. A simple gospel, hearing about the blood and the sacrifice of Jesus can save sinners. It can clean a person and fill him with his Holy Ghost. For me, there's no greater thing than that. I believe that Jesus can do the same thing today that he did for me. And that's why it's so important to spread that message and keep it clean how it's told. You do a great job for it and now you know why I appreciate it so much. Sorry for the long message. Well, brother, I'm gonna say you don't have to apologize. It's bringing tears to my eyes. I want to say thank you. Don't apologize. Thank you for this message. It was on my heart to tell you. He said, "I'm also interested in your book, Restoring Christian Modesty. How can I get it?" Let's give the Lord a round of applause. Praise God. Hallelujah. Church, we sang about the blood tonight. The blood did this. The blood can take someone who's close to death and bring them back to life. How many thankful for that? If God can forgive that man, everybody put your hands on your head, feel your hairs, 100,000. If God can forgive him of eight years, I'm sorry, you know, seven years of sins like that and take every every desire away, surely God can take our desires for sin away as well. Do you believe that? Let's bow our heads. Keep the live stream on there. Let's pray for the live streamers. God bless our live streamers. Live streamers, if there's any addiction or any trap or snare you're fighting, Jesus can deliver you tonight. Maybe Maybe be like the the one the man who got on his knees and just prayed a humble prayer. I don't want to live like this. I want to be free. The blood of Jesus Christ can set each person free. Hallelujah. Let's pray. Father God, we thank you for tonight. Lord God, we've seen again how our iniquities can be so great, but yet your grace is greater. Hallelujah. Your grace is enough. Hallelujah, Jesus. Lord, thank you for this testimony, this brother. Lord, it just reminds me again similar to brother Austin. Lord, it reminds me of my life when I ran from you, Lord God, in certain avenues. Lord, how amazing is the loving kindness of Almighty God? I love what he said. It was the love of God that changed everything. A presence came in the room. Lord, may your presence come in the rooms now, Lord, of those live streaming. If they're willing to acknowledge their sin and not hide it from you and confess it, well, then surely your love is there to forgive them. Lord, I pray for our church in this physical place. God, may we not hide our sins. May we confess our sins. And God is faithful and just to forgive us of all unrighteousness. The blood will never lose its power. Hallelujah. Jesus, bless this brother. Lord, may his wife have this healthy second baby. Lord God, thank you for giving him ministry. Strengthen him in his ministry. Lord God, keep us all humble. Lord, keep us constantly confessing our sins, acknowledging our sin, trusting in the grace of God. Give us days where we can raise our heads and say, "Thank you, God, for the power to overcome And Lord, on the days where we might hang our heads low, God, give us an encouraging word. Strengthen us somehow, Lord. We know you will. You won't let our enemies triumph over us. Hallelujah. As David said, I believe the Psalmist also said, "You're the lifter of my head. You're my glory and the lifter of my head." Lord Jesus, for anyone who needs sins confessed, I pray they'll confess them tonight so they can be forgiven. And Lord, may we go here with a greater appreciation for your forgiveness as we see David battling iniquity and getting the victory. We thank you, God, for your mercy and grace. Bless your people now with forgiveness in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said,
