################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-26 - (10-26-25) Neither Do I Condemn Thee - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-26
Title:   (10-26-25) Neither Do I Condemn Thee - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BuUkYlBdYo
========================================

adultery and uh I just started crying when he was talking about it. So, I'd like to preach on that today uh by God's grace. But I'm going to call it neither do I condemn thee. I want to entitle that. Neither do I condemn thee. Hallelujah. So, we'll just read 811. by the grace of the Lord. John 8:11. Is this on? Is it on? Seems like it's a little quiet. I don't hear myself as as well as I normally do. Maybe turned up or something. Okay, thank you. John 8:11. Okay, that's a little better. John 8:11. Praise God. We'll just read this one verse and we'll have you be seated by God's grace. Isn't this the dream or not the dream but just the desire of all of us to have Jesus look at us and say, "I don't condemn you." In other words, I forgive you. Praise God. Isn't that what we all desire? We can all find ourselves in this story, can't we? By God's grace, as we'll see. So, let's read 811. Let's begin on three. One, two, three. She said, "No man, Lord." And Jesus said unto her, "Neither do I condemn thee, go and sin no more." May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated by God's grace. So God bless you. just one service today here uh by the grace of the Lord and I apologize you know on uh Friday I think I sent out the wrong schedule first and then I corrected it so make sure you read that second text okay don't read the first one because I got my dates mixed up um so there there's no special service next Saturday uh I need to send that to brother Chris so sorry brother Chris I need to send you that news updated schedule uh it's going to be November 15th and 16th uh by the grace of God. Uh, you know, this week at school, we got the Halloween coming up, the Halloween celebration, which is the day of the dead. You know, they celebrate the dead and all this. They celebrate death and all these things like that. So, I just trust all of our children and young adults in school uh will abstain from that. Praise God. Now, as a teacher, I have to be a part of it, but I just tell the kids, I just tell the children, you know, I don't celebrate it. I said, 'But there's nothing wrong with a cute little child dressed up like a duck or something like that, right? The Bible says to the pure all things are pure. And Zion asked, Zion asked me in the a car, he said, "Daddy, does everybody who celebrates Halloween worship the devil?" And I said, "Not everybody." And here's the point. Like, if you dress up like a duck or a football player or something like that and you just eat candy, is there anything sinful with that? Well, no. Unless you're destroying your temple with too much sugar, right? But if you're dressing up like demons and witches and uh you celebrate death and blood and murder and gore, is that devil worship? That is devil worship because you're exalting wickedness. So, uh that's kind of the balance that we have. Now, for us, we just stay away from it all. Brother Chris, &gt;&gt; yes, that's right. Yes. Wow. &gt;&gt; I did not see that, brother. Wow. &gt;&gt; Wow. Wow. So, it's kind of like just a sign of God's judgment upon those type of things. Very good. Yes, sir. That's right, brother. Uh God is merciful for so long, but then he'll pour out a judgment, usually a small one. Uh, of course, until the great tribulation, then he pours out all of his wrath in judgment. Very good, brother. good catch on that. Um, you know, in some churches celebrate uh harvest festivals. We don't do that. We just celebrate Thanksgiving. Praise God. We just skip October and go to November. Hallelujah. Uh, so, you know, that's what I do at school. I just and I have to be all around it, but I just uh smile and I if they say something about it, I just I just I just deflect the question. If they say, "Do you like my witch costume?" This is what I've said in the past. They say, "Do you like my witch costume?" I said, "Oh, I think you'd be better off as an angel." So I I don't agree with their, you know, things like that, but I deflect it in a very kind way. I just try to focus on the good and get their thoughts on the good. I just have to be around it by God's grace. And uh you know, I even had a uh just I'm not sure I didn't plan to say this, but you know, sometimes I wonder if I chose the right occupation, but I just had a a family uh two weeks ago reach reach across the table. We had conferences and they said, "Mr. Smith, can we pray for you as a husband and wife and you are the answer to our prayers? And uh can we just pray that God will extend your influence? And she told me, she said, you don't know how many families you've touched here in CPPley, you know, because you've stood on the word of God and all these things. And I said, well, I appreciate that. You know, I think that's the first time I've had parents reach across the table and pray with me. I've prayed with other ones, but that was the first time I that they wanted to pray with me. So, uh, when I see, you know, that God has placed me there as an answer to people's prayers and I can rejoice in that. And, you know, church, no matter where you work, you got to put up with some of these things. So, may God give us the wisdom, right, to be in the world, but not of the world. &gt;&gt; I have to deal with this. I have to every year, I got to deal with this. And everybody, even the secretary in my school knows Jesse's worst day of the year is Halloween. That's really that's the only day I don't like is Halloween. And we joke about it every year. I'm like, uh, I wish I could be sick on this day every year, but uh, I still want to shine the light of Jesus Christ in some way, shape, or form. And to the pure, all things are pure. You know, these things don't cause me to stumble. I just I don't celebrate them. I celebrate life. Praise God. Hallelujah. We celebrate the life of Jesus Christ. All right. So, that's about a fivem minute introduction there. So, um, by God's grace, uh, we want to, uh, look at this thought here today. I trust it be a blessing to you. Um, I was, as I said, I was, we were fellowshipping over at that Mexican restaurant there a couple Saturdays ago, and Brother Dale was just speaking all these things. I'm like, "Wow, this is beautiful." Oh, I I haven't preached this for a while. Let me preach the uh the story about the woman caught in adultery. And I think that'd be a blessing to us today uh by God's grace. Uh before we get to that though, let let's remember if you're in uh John chapter 8, uh let's remember that uh all have fallen short of the glory of God. Romans uh 3:23. So uh the Bible says for all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. So all of us to some degree could find ourselves in the same position as this woman caught in adultery because church let me say like this. God has seen all your sins. &gt;&gt; In other words, we've all been caught in the very act. But how you respond to that uh will will show how or show what's in your heart and how God's going to deal with you. &gt;&gt; Right? So, and we'll look at this woman. How does she respond in that moment? You know, does she get angry? Now, you know the answer. Does she start uh arguing with God? Well, I was tempted and well, you allowed me to do it and you allowed the devil to tempt me. And so, church, so much depends on our attitude towards the word of God. Hallelujah. We just need a humble attitude. Uh Romans 3:24 says, "Being justified freely." Remember, salvation is a free gift. Aren't you glad, church? It's free. You don't have to do anything. You don't have to trade anything. God just gives you salvation freely. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. In other words, God could save you and you don't have to go to church just to get it. You can get salvation in your home. &gt;&gt; You could get salvation in your car. &gt;&gt; You could get salvation on the job. Hallelujah. It is a free gift. Aren't you glad that it's free? Hallelujah. Freely by his grace through the redemption. And that's why we're saying about redeemed. We've been bought back because Jesus shed his blood. That was buying back. He was purchasing all of our souls back to God. Hallelujah. By the blood of Jesus Christ. Verse 25. Whom God has set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are passed through the fa forbearance of God. If you would leave that verse up there. See what our faith must be in. Our faith must be in the blood of Jesus Christ. My faith is not in my righteousness. It's not in brother Brandon's righteousness. It's not in uh uh Paul's righteousness or John's righteousness. Our faith is in the blood of Jesus Christ, the righteousness of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And he is the propituation. He is the one who took the wrath of God that the that the the punishment, our punishment might go on him. that the righteousness of Christ might come on us. And I love verse 26. To declare, I say, at this time, his righteousness. So Jesus's righteousness is declared against our sin. Hallelujah. For the remission of sins that are passed through the forbearance of God. I'm sorry, I repeated that. Let's finish verse 26. that he might be just and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus. So if you believe in Jesus, God justifies you. God declares you righteous as you wish to be. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So don't let the devil talk you out of it. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Don't let the devil talk you out of it. Jesus justified you." Don't let the devil tell you, "Well, you're still unclean." Amen. &gt;&gt; Because Jesus has justified you. Amen. And then verse 27, where's boasting then? Who's going to brag when they get to heaven? Nobody's going to brag when they get to heaven. Nobody can brag about their righteousness. It is excluded. God excludes all braggers. Aren't you glad about that, church? &gt;&gt; People on this side can brag about how good they are, but God will exclude it. God will not allow them into the heavenly worship service. It's only going to be people that want to glorify Jesus and praise the name of Jesus and magnify the name of Jesus for what he's done. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; No bragging in heaven. Hallelujah. Except unless we brag on Jesus. Glory to God. By what law? Right. By what works? Nay. None of them. So there's no law that you did that got you saved. There's no works you did that got you saved. It is by the law of faith. I just had faith in the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Therefore, we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law. So, in other words, faith is assurance, right? Or a belief or a trust. So, we're justified by simply trusting in God. Just trust in the blood of Jesus Christ. If you trust in Jesus work and the cross, if you trust in his promises, then you are justified. You're on your way to heaven shouting victory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise God. You just have to trust. And you know, we know brother Ram gives us a deeper revelation of faith. Uh he said it's a revelation of the will of God. So God has revealed to you. His will is to save you by the blood. Jesus chose you to save you by his blood. So you have faith in that unveiling of God's will. Hallelujah. God's will is to save you. Amen. Praise God. Now remember, just here's some beautiful verses uh just to remind us of God's love. Micah 7:8 as we build, we're going to build this our way to this woman caught in the very act. Micah 7:18, "Who is a God like unto thee that pardoneth iniquity, and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage?" So he pardons it and then he passes by it. In other words, God just doesn't stay. Well, here's where brother Jesse did this or here's where brother Jose did this. God just doesn't stay. God passes by. God moves on. Oh my. If God moves on, why can't we move on? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. I didn't see that till now. Jesus passes by your sin. So don't stay focused on your sin. Don't live in the past. Let it pass by it. Move on with Jesus. Say amen. WALK IN THE LIGHT AS he's in the light. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Walk past your failures of the past. Walk past it. Move beyond it. Jesus is moving beyond it. Why don't you move beyond it? Don't let the devil beat you up about your past. Just confess. Walk on in victory. &gt;&gt; Onward Christian soldier marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going on before. What a beautiful verse. My goodness. And then Paul quotes this. I'm sorry. No, I'm reading the wrong one. He retainth not his anger forever. So, see, God will be angry at us if we sin on purpose for a short time. But God doesn't stay angry. &gt;&gt; It's the devil who stays angry at us, right? Hallelujah. Because why? Why? Why does God uh forgive us? Because he delights in mercy. &gt;&gt; God loves to show mercy. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Uh church, don't you delight when police show mercy to you when you speed? Don't you delight in that? I do. I've been guilty a couple times. I'm slam on my brake. I'm like, "Oh, thank God he didn't pull me over, whether he saw me or not. Thank God. I'm glad he delighted in mercy." And the church said, "And if that's how we feel in the natural, what about the spiritual?" Hallelujah. What about the God cop or the God police officer, THE JUDGE OF ALL THE EARTH, THE police officer of the entire universe? He delights to show us mercy. But then he wants to see that we appreciate that mercy. He wants to see us walk in obedience to the word of God. In other words, next time, stop speeding. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Right? Amen. We all delight in mercy. Uh we all delight that God delights in mercy, but let's not take advantage of that mercy, right? Amen. I love this. God delights. God loves to show mercy. Look at verse 19. He will turn again. So when he gets angry, it's as if he turned his back on us. But when we repent, he delights to turn around and say, he'll turn again to us. I want to have compassion on you, bride. He will subdue our iniquities. Isn't that beautiful? He'll subdue our iniquities. Hallelujah. He'll help us overcome our iniquities. Hallelujah. And thou will cast all their sins into the depths of the sea. Hallelujah. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Oh my." Now look at that church. And he passes by them. And not only Chris does he pass by them, after he passes by, he throws them in the in the sea. That way if we go back, we can't find them. &gt;&gt; Glory. So don't go back and try to find your past sins. Confess them and say, "I was guilty, but I accept forgiveness. I believe I'm justified by faith that the blood forgives me. I'm moving past my past. &gt;&gt; My past is in the sea of forgetfulness because God delights in forgiving me because I'm a child of God." Amen. Yes, he's angry at me for a short time, but then he delights in mercy. Then after he's angry, he's compassionate to me. Just like a good father that'll spank you or a good mother that'll spank you. But then after the spanking, then they're kind again. Right? They show compassion on their children. Beautiful verse. Now, you know, I couldn't skip that one. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Uh Psalm 130:es 3 and 4. Let's review this one. Just a beautiful verse here. Remember friends, you know, often times the devil tries to get us to compare ourselves to other people. Well, I'm just not as spiritual as Malachi or I'm just not as spiritual as uh so and so. Put put anybody in there. I'm just not as spiritual as Jose, right? Or you could put anybody in there. But the Bible says again, all have fallen short of the glory of God. I'm I'm trying to get you in the in the mindset to put yourself in that woman who's caught in the very act of it. So imag you know, think about when you've sinned and what if somebody would just open the door and there you are doing this awful sin, right? Which is I'm sure it's happened to all of us to some degree. But Psalm 130:3 says, "But if thou Lord shouldest mark iniquities, oh Lord, who shall stand?" In other words, no one's going to stand. If God kept a tally mark for every time you sinned, nobody would be able to stand and say, "Well, I don't have any tally marks." Nobody could do that. But thank God there is forgiveness with thee that thou mayest be feared. See, that's what I said about the cop and go and speeding. If if if if he delighted or she if he delighted to show mercy on me when I was speeding, the next time you better be better be sure unless I'm forgetful, I'm going to drive not as fast. Because now I fear that cop, right? And I realize, well, he could have got me for $180 or 200, whatever it may be. He could have got me, but now I fear now I'm careful how I live my life or how I drive. Praise God. But remember, there's forgiveness. There's forgiveness because Jesus takes your sin, throws it in the sea of forgetfulness, and goes way down all the way to the bottom. Hallelujah. And then he moves past it. In other words, there's no record for it. It's all been forgiven. You're forgiven. You're justified by the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; That's why brother Ram said, "It's as if you never did in the first place because he throws in the sea of forgetfulness and moves past it and it's no longer there." &gt;&gt; Now, we know we did it and we know God has forgiven us, but it's it's as though that's what justification is. You're declared righteous as you'd wish to be. I'd wish to be 100% clean. Well, that's what God gives us. Hallelujah. It's as if you never did it. Now, we know we did it, but it's as if the forgiveness is so pure. Amen. The forgiveness is so divine. Hallelujah. That you're given the very righteousness of Jesus Christ who never sinned to begin with. &gt;&gt; Now, the battle for us is Hebrews chapter 12. I preached on it last year. Hebrews chapter 12. The Bible tells us to lay aside the sin that so easily besets us. And this is what we often have trouble forgiving ourselves. The Bible says, uh, "Wherefore, seeing we also are encompassed about with so a great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which does so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us. looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God. Amen. Let's let's let's remember that message if we can uh from last year. Although we're forgiven, we still have sins that easily trip us up. Right now, remember, all of that's been forgiven as well. As long as we confess it, it's all been forgiven. Hallelujah. And God is faithful. Uh he knows we're going to stumble on the run. You know, my wife and I go walking and uh we go walking at the park on on our date date times during the spring and summer and fall and almost every week I stumble on something, right? It's a root or a rock. I stumble. Now, thank God I haven't done a face plant yet. But in the spiritual, I have done spiritual face plants. And so have you if you're honest, but that that's the imagery. Every time, Brother Austin, I go walking, I stumble on something every time because I'm tired. It's the end of the day. I forget to pick up my toes. Then I got to start picking up my toes as I walk. Make sure I don't because I get tired and just don't pick up my toes. And so it that that's the way it is in the natural. But think think about that, Brother Chris. How many steps do I go before I trip? I might go a thousand steps. Right? And that's what God wants to see in our life. God knows we're going to easily be beset. We're going to just make a a simple stumble, but he wants to see us take more steps where we don't stumble. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory. That and that's the love of God. God knows we're not going to be perfect. We're running a race. Every good runner stumbles. Every good runner gets weary. Hallelujah. And the Bible says, "But when we sin, it's like we put a weight upon ourselves, and that makes it harder to run." So the Bible says, "Don't cast off all these cares. Cast off all your anxieties, and you'll run a lot better as you serve the Lord. &gt;&gt; Cast them off." Hallelujah. We're so easily beset. But let me say this, it just kind of struck my heart. We're so easily beset into sin, but let us also so easily accept God's forgiveness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. and then have the fear of the Lord. Hallelujah. Where we don't want to be caught in the sin anymore. Hallelujah. Now, I'd like to go back to John 8. Now, let's start my context here. That's about a 20 minute foundation and introduction. Hallelujah. And it's been a long time since I preached on this woman uh caught in adultery. I don't I don't know how many years. I didn't look it up. uh John 8 vers1 Jesus went unto the mount of olives and early in the morning he came again into the temple and all the people came unto him and he sat down and taught them now Jesus Christ is the same what okay so look look how humble he is here's God of the universe and what does God of the universe do well sometimes he just sits down and he teaches you the word of God other times He's got big meetings and miracles and everything happening. Thank God for those times. But Jesus here, he just sits down in the church. Glory. And he teaches you the word of God. Hallelujah. Is that right? Now, that's what we have the most of, right? Because we don't have a whole lot of big special meetings. It's hard to afford it, first of all, and we don't have a lot of room for it either. Amen. We still want to have them though by God's grace. Amen. But notice Jesus likely. And now some historians believe that perhaps Jesus just slept on the Mount Olives because that's what they would do in those days. They would just sleep outside. I was reminded remember when Jacob left home and he went and slept and he slept his pillow was a rock. He just slept right out under the stars. You know, imagine Jacob the father of Israel, right? Or I'm sorry, the father of the people of Israel. He was Israel. Amen. And he just sleeps out on the rock, you know. So it's likely Jesus would teach, you know, in this time he would teach in the temple and go up there, sleep at Mount Olives and wake up in the morning, go down there and start teaching again on the word of God. Hallelujah. There's also uh if you pull up pull up uh Luke 21:37, we also get the same uh idea that he would do this. uh and in the daytime he was teaching in the temple and at night he went out and abodeed in the mount that is called the mount of olives. So they just had places where people could just sleep publicly right and so the lord is doing this now previously in the previous chapter Jesus was there at the temple for the feast of tabernacles. So again, remember Jesus never missed church and the church said all men were required to appear themselves three times a year, right? Those three feasts, the Passover, uh feast of weeks, and then feast of tabernacles. Three times a year they were called. And so Jesus obeys the written word of Moses because he was the word. Hallelujah. Praise God. He was the word. So he comes and then he says, "If any man thirst, let him come unto me." And he wasn't talking about right then. he was talking about on the day of Pentecost. So, he was speaking prophetically, but this is maybe sometime after. They think this is either two years into his ministry or his final year of ministry. Uh it's hard to tell, but notice he gets up early in the morning to teach the people. And church, if you want to be taught by God, you got to get up early and seek God. &gt;&gt; We've been through that with Brother Rod's testimony. Uh it's my testimony, Adam's testimony. Uh, that ought to be all of our testimony. You got to get up early in the morning and seek God. Hallelujah. That that's what Jesus did. Jesus got up early to go pray. Even after great miracles and revival, he got up early to pray. You've got to bring your body into obedience to the word of God. &gt;&gt; Make your body obey the word of God. Then watch how much easier life is. Hallelujah. Watch how much easier the race is without all the weights on you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now verse three. Hallelujah. Verse three. And the scribes and the Pharisees. Who is it? These self-righteous ones. These are the same group. Jesus in the next year or so is going to call them you wided supplers. In other words, you bright shining church building. He said, but inward you're full of dead men's bones. Jesus did not play around with serpent seed. Hallelujah. Even later on in this chapter, John chapter 8. And it's such a striking, we'll get to that. It's such a striking contrast of the Lord Jesus Christ. He's so kind and merciful to this adulterous woman. And then that so he's like the lamb there. Amen. And then he comes out like a lion against these Pharisees and scribes. Hallelujah. And the Bible said, uh, to the froward, he will be forward. To the merciful, he will show himself merciful. Amen. &gt;&gt; In other words, if you're a merciful person, if you're a kind, forgiving person, God will be kind to you. &gt;&gt; But if you're fro and mean and prideful to others, then God will be frowward to you because whatever a man sws, that's what he reaps. Yes, sir. And the Bible said the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a woman taken in adultery and when they had set her in the midst. Hallelujah. So notice these scribes and Pharisees had caught her in the very act of it and they came and set this woman in the midst of Jesus and all these people that just came to hear the word of the Lord. They just came to church to be taught the word of God. And then all of a sudden, these self-righteous hypocrites, we'd say, these self-righteous uh Pharisees or serpent seed, they try to break up Jesus's teaching lesson, and they bring an immoral woman right in the midst of them. That's what the devil's always trying to do. Break up a good teaching, right? Hallelujah. He's always trying to do that. break up a good message and try to bring some confusion in there. And remember church, who's the accuser of the brethren? Satan's the accuser of the brethren. Jesus is trying to give his his children wisdom, insight, revelation, instruction. And Satan, now remember church, Satan was allowed by God to do this. So Satan went to God and got permission from God to do this, right? Because nothing can happen unless God allows it. So God said, "Okay." He said, "My son," the father said, "My son will pass the test." Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And now, we don't know with this woman, you know, we don't know if she was forced into a life of prostitution or adultery here or if she willingly did it. But it doesn't matter. She was still doing the act. Now, the Bible said in the Old Testament, the woman if she was going to be forced upon, right? And I'm using that word just for the sake of the children. If she was going to be forced upon, she would cry out and then God would have mercy on her. In other words, cry out if you're being forced upon. So, we don't know if she was crying out or not. We don't know. In other words, we don't know if she purposely did this or she was forced to do it. We don't know. But either way, she's caught in the very act of adultery. And they set her in the midst of Jesus and this teaching lesson. And boy, I say like this, they're about to get a good lesson. Amen. Hallelujah. A good lesson on mercy, a good lesson ON FORGIVENESS AND LOVE AND AND THE GRACE OF GOD. HALLELUJAH. NEITHER DO I condemn thee. That's the title of the message. Hallelujah. In other words, this woman is caught in the very act and then condemned in the presence of Jesus and the saints. Hallelujah. What a what a text. What a what a what a situation here. My now would respond if that happened today. Now, it doesn't sometimes what if a woman walks in here, she's sexy dressed. I mean, just throw just throw showing everything. How would we treat her? Well, first of all, I try not to look at her at all. I'd be preaching, looking at Malachi. Glory, glory. Right now, somebody had the real humility, they might hand her a blanket, say, "Sister, could you wear this here?" That take a lot of grace and love. And she might walk out. But how would we, you know, uh, how would we treat somebody if if or let's say like this, let's say, let's say on Saturday we're heard that somebody got arrested. Somebody in our church, let's say, got arrested and then they walk in the door on Sunday morning. It's kind of like the elephant in the room, right? What's Yeah. Right. Did they break out of jail? What is Brother Jesse gonna say about this guy? Do I shake his hand or her hand or not? they were in prison, you know, my goodness, they got arrested. And so, you know, we got to uh we have to put ourselves in that position. What would you have done? And I like what these these these listeners did. They just let Jesus do all the talking. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. WHAT A LESSON. LET'S LET THE WORD TALK. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; Let's give place to THE WORD OF GOD. HALLELUJAH. Let's give the word preeminence in every service. &gt;&gt; It's a great lesson. Verse four. And they said to him, "Master, this woman was taken in adultery in the very act." That means she she must have been naked. And so they threw some blankets around her. So here she comes. Now imagine she probably got blankets and she's just covered up in blankets. Nothing underneath. Just blankets. And they throw her down on the ground and she's trying to get scrambled up, covered back up. I wonder if her husband was there. I wonder where her husband was at. She was in adultery. Now church, just like David, and this is what I want to get to as well, this woman was going to have to live with the consequences, the natural consequences. She forever have to live with that, right? She can't, like brother says, you can't be justified from the consequences of sin, right? But you'll be you you can be forgiven and justified from the spiritual damage you've done, but not the physical and the and the effects of it here on this side. Right? Like David, he always had to live with the consequences of his adultery and murder. Always had to live with it. But God had already pardoned it in heaven. In other words, this woman could have known, I'm facing divorce, and that would have been justified by the law. She also could have faced the stoning, but we know what what happened there, right? Amen. We know what did happen there. Praise God. Amen. Thank God. And she would have lived with the shame of being, wow, she's the woman caught in the act. But church, aren't you glad that she was caught in it because now you can relate to that because we've all been caught in our sin. Someone and if you're a child, your parents at some time have caught you in a sin sometime. I've been caught in it, right? as a child, as adults, sometimes we get caught in it. We just try to hide quickly and make sure we weren't doing that or think of that or saying that and the church said, "But this woman forever, you know, will be that type of a woman and but but we all can relate to her because we all have fallen short of the glory of God." This is the same thing that Eve did. My same thing Eve caught in the very act, right? So, we see a uh a more modern example. This is 4,000 years later. We see another woman caught in a act of adultery. And I love it. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. God didn't throw Adam and Eve away and say, "I'm done with you. I'm starting a new one." He said, "What I'll do is I'll forgive you. I'll have a lamb slain, and you'll wear the skins of that animal." Remember Genesis 3? God made skins for them. I'll cover your sin in your sacrifice. And that's what Jesus was going to do. Jesus would cover her sins, the woman caught in his righteousness, his own blood. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. So here we see a we see a a experience or we see a a repeat of Eve in uh John chapter 8. We see how God again deals with sin. He offers mercy if the believer wants mercy. How many want God's mercy today? Hallelujah. Amen. In the very act. In other words, totally guilty. No need to have a a a trial on this one. She was caught in the very We're all witnesses of it. Verse five. Now Moses in the law commanded us that such should be stoned, but what sayaest thou? So case put up Leviticus 20 verse 10. And the man that committh adultery with another man's wife, even he that committh adultery with his neighbor's wife, the adulter and the adulteress shall surely be put to death. So no doubt this could have been the verse or some similar one maybe in Deuteronomy that they were referring to and and they say Jesus Moses said this what do you say and Jesus could have said well I said that I gave that to Moses right that's what he could have said you got that from the law I am the law I'm also the PROPHETS I'M ALSO GRACE hallelujah &gt;&gt; I'm grace and truth I'm full of grace and truth hallelujah amen And Jesus going to say, "That's what I wrote." Glory to God. But what do you say about it? They tried to set a trap for Jesus. Are you going to deny the word? Uh, no, devil. There's just more word that you're not you're not bringing to the the table. You're trying to isolate one verse. And the church said in the mouth of tr two or three ver uh scriptures verses let every word be established. Amen. Hallelujah. See how Satan is trying to uh twist the word, misinterpret the word of God. That's what all these tape worshippers do. They bring one quote. I and I always say but there's brother Rama also said this just like Jesus. It is also written. Hallelujah. There's always see there the devil is trying to get you to just focus on one verse and he takes it out of context. This is true. But Satan takes it out of context. Notice he leaves something out. So that means his name of course will will be taken out. He never had his name on the book of life. In other words, he lost eternal life when he went to the other side. I'm talking about Lucifer. When he turned on God and deceived those a third of the angels, he had no longer had it. Right? He was perfect in the day that he was created. But his pride exalted himself. His beauty exalted himself and therefore eternal life was taken from him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's right. That's the word of God. God is gracious. God is merciful. Hallelujah. So, we can see here that uh the accusers, Satan and all these accusers, they bring a verse, but they don't obey all the verse. Hallelujah. And church, that's what we got to make sure. We got to make sure we obey every verse. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Is there anything else that talks about your situation? Let me spend some time praying about it. Let me spend some time seeking God about this situation. But what does Satan want to do? Uh, put pressure on you. Make a choice. Make a decision. You always have the right to say, "I need time to seek God's will." Brother Chris uh not exactly about adulterers but there is grace all throughout the Old Testament. Yeah. Remember Nehemiah said God has given us or Ezra Nehemiah said God has given us a little space of grace to come to leave Babylon and come back to the promised land. Uh yeah that's right. Now the the main word used in the Old Testament is uh mercy. God gives you less than what you deserve. But there is grace used a few times like I think the Bible said Noah found grace in the sight of the Lord if I'm not mistaken. So yeah, grace and forgiveness. Now I can't think of one where Oh yeah, David's the one where the adulterer, right? David is the example where God could have killed him, right? But God showed grace. Yeah, great question. Give him two classes. Great question. Great question. That that's one for sure. Uh where an adulter was pardoned by God. That was David was pardoned. Great question, brother. Now notice they asking this. So they're not quoting the scripture for justice. They're quoting the scripture for condemnation. And church, that's what you and I need to do. We need to be able to quote the scripture for God's mercy on people's life. In other words, if someone's going to bring correction to you or you try to correct somebody, do it with a merciful spirit behind it. not to condemn them. These these demon-possessed Pharisees and scribes, they wanted to see that woman die. They wanted death, but Jesus was there to show mercy and grace and life. Hallelujah. Amen. In other words, we should want everybody to succeed, right? We should want everybody to go to heaven. That should be our desire. We shouldn't wish, boy, I hope this brother goes to hell. I hope this sister goes to hell. That that's the devil. God's spirit will say, "Oh, I hope this person gets saved somehow. I hope this person somehow gets the Holy Ghost and repents and gets sanctified and gets filled with the Holy Ghost and can live a prosperous life." We should have hope for other people. WE SHOULD WANT THE BEST FOR PEOPLE. Praise God. &gt;&gt; If God delights in mercy, so should his children delight in mercy. &gt;&gt; I hope this is speaking to somebody today. Praise God. So why they do this? Verse six, this they said tempting him. So the whole point of this question was to tempt him and try to get him to slip up and make a mistake that they might have to excuse him. Now church, look at these. These Pharisees, they would have known David, right? They would have known David's situation. They weren't ignorant of David. So they would have known there are times God does forgive adultery. Hallelujah. But see, the devil concocted up this plan. Oh, I'll set a trap. He'll deny that she's stoned. Uh and and and and then we'll say, "Oh, you're breaking Moses' law. Now you're guilty. Now we'll stone you, Jesus, because you call us all these names." And boy, did he call names. I've seen a meme one time and said, "Jesus never called names." And the other side he's calling them liars, hypocrites, children of the most uh high devil, you know, sons of the double the sons of hell, you know, all these names. Jesus was always calling them names, the serpent seed. Now, now church, but we don't always know who serpent seed. So, I'm not trying to get you to name call. I'm trying to get you to see Jesus treated the merciful one way and the arrogant and prideful. uh demon-possessed serpent sey people another way because God showed him, right? God showed him who would be saved and who wouldn't be saved. Right? Remember the Bible said God had showed Jesus. Jesus knew from the beginning that Judas would betray him. He knew from the beginning. And yet he never mistreated him. Right? Now, how would you treat somebody that betrays you and and even I mean if you know it's going to happen before or not? Right? Right? We need the love of Jesus Christ. No matter what people say, faithful to us, loyal to us, betray us, no matter what it is, let us have the love of Jesus Christ for them. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. Jesus, they didn't come to Jesus to learn like everybody else was there to learn. Why are you here today? Learn or to accuse? I hope you're here to learn. Jesus said, "Come and learn of me. I'm meek and lowly of heart." &gt;&gt; Praise God. Verse six. This they said, tempting him that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down and with his finger wrote on the ground as though he heard them not. I love this. Jesus don't act like they're not even there. When the devil comes around, church, you don't got to acknowledge him there. If a dog's barking at you or a snake is uh hissing at you, do you have to acknowledge that? You can walk away. You can ignore it. And the church said, "Amen." Just because you know a temptation's there doesn't mean you have to acknowledge it. Right? Sometimes the Bible says if you resist him, he'll flee. &gt;&gt; Just praise the Lord. Just give GOD GLORY. GET YOUR mind on Christ. Now the difference in this story is they keep bringing they won't leave. They keep hanging around and they got to be dealt with. The church, you'll see it in your life. If you just act like it's not there, if you just forget about that temptation, it will go away. Hallelujah. And Jesus act like they're not even there. What is it? And I love this. He stoops down. What is stooping down? Humility, right? Devil's trying to get him in a trap. Church, what do we got to do? We got to stoop down and be humble, too, right? But for us, it's going to be pray or yeah, we can write the word on the ground, too. That's a good idea, too. We can express God's word. That's what he's doing. He's expressing himself on the earth. Glory. We should get on the earth and pray as well. Hallelujah. Now, he wasn't praying, but the point is we can soup down and pray. Hallelujah. So, first Jesus ignores them and he starts writing on the ground. Now, there's at least four possibilities of what he could have wrote. I'm not here to say what I think or to say for sure what he did write, but I'll tell you what I think. Uh the the first one, I think, is what he wrote was Leviticus 20:10. Uh I I I believe Jesus just wrote the word of God down there. He could have wrote that. Now, another one acacia is Deuteronomy 22:22. If you want to write that one down, I'm sorry, if you want to put that one up there. Deuteronomy 22:22. If a man be found lying with a woman married to a husband, then they shall both of them die. Both the man that lay with the woman and the woman, so shalt thou put away evil from Israel. And remember this was written well before David was on the scene. Well, why does David get a pardon? Because God spoke the pardon. Remember Nathan said, he said, "But but you won't die." REMEMBER, SURELY YOU WON'T DIE, DAVID. Because David was worried, I'm going to die. I'm going to die. And but Nathan says, "In the name of the Lord, you won't die." So God gave mercy. Hallelujah. Church, we better hope for the mercy of God. And church, I'll say like this. You can freely give David mercy if you understand how guilty you are when you want mercy as well. I'm glad God was merciful to David because I want God to be merciful to me. I want the spirit of the bride la that we heard last Sunday night and the church said the spirit of bride is this bride is after Jesus's own heart. The will of Jesus Christ. David was a man after God's own heart. We should be a bride after our husband's very heart. Hallelujah. So that's what I believe he wrote. I believe he wrote something like uh Leviticus 20:10, Deuteronomy 22 verse 22. Or maybe he wrote, here's some other ones he might have wrote as well. By God's grace, uh let's put uh Exodus 23 1-2. He could have wrote a verse that condemned them for their hypocrisy. Thou shalt not raise a false report, right? And put not thine hand with the uh wicked to be an unrighteous witness. Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil. So there it is. They're doing evil because they're trying to get her killed and they're forgetting the mercy of God. They're trying to get rid of God's mercy. Neither shalt thou speak in a cause to decline after many to they're twisting judgment. And church, we know what what was the twist. The man wasn't brought, only the woman. Sounds like people today that just want to condemn women never condemn men. All men and women need condemned if they're sinning. Hallelujah. We just heard it last week, Brother Dale talked about how Jesus loves women so much, right? The Bible said there's neither male nor female in Christ, WHICH THAT WAS A SHOCK IN the Bible days BECAUSE WOMEN COULDN'T EVEN TESTIFY in court. THEY WOULDN'T EVEN TRUST A woman in a courtroom in Jesus' day. But now Paul puts them on the same. You can trust a Holy Ghost fil. You're going to want to marry one, brother. You too, brother. Hallelujah. You too, brother Chris. you're going to want to marry a Holy Ghost filled woman. Hallelujah. Thank God. And so there Jesus could have wrote one of these verses. Now he's the word. All he could have wrote was the word. Amen. So he's writing some word. Hallelujah. We're not told what it is, but it was something in the word. Praise God. Now, some people some people think he wrote the names of the accusers, which was Jeremiah 17:13. I never saw this one till this morning as I was studying. Look at uh Jeremiah 17:13. Oh, you're so fast. Oh Lord, the hope of Israel, all that forsake thee shall be ashamed, and they that depart from me shall be written in the earth. Where was Jesus writing? In the earth, because they have forsaken the Lord, the fountain of living waters. So perhaps Jesus wrote those names, John Doe or Suzie Doe, whoever it was. Perhaps Jesus did that, too, and showed how they're the guilty ones. He was He could have wrote, "Actually, the ones who are guilty are right here." And maybe church, imagine they saw their name right there. Uh, brother John Doe was guilty of adultery last week. Maybe Jesus wrote that. Or maybe John Doe has been committing adultery ever since he got married for the last 20 years. Maybe Jesus wrote that. And notice they went from the oldest to the youngest when they left. So he probably wrote the if he did this, it was probably the oldest man. We've been doing it for probably 40, 50, 60 years. This old man, John Doe, has been an adulterer for 40 years. Well, if he first saw his name, he would have quickly walked away. I don't want to get stoned. That's a good way to clean out people. Amen. That's a good way to get rid of a critical spirit. Show them where they're wrong. And the church said, Hallelujah. The devil wants to criticize you. Well, let me criticize you. Let me tell you what you've done. Let me tell you what Jesus HAS FORGIVEN ME OF. HALLELUJAH. Let me devil hang around. Let me testify about what Jesus Christ has done. How he's forgiven me. I'm justified by faith, NOT BY WORKS, NOT BY LAW. THE JUST ONE JUSTIFIED ME. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Hang around, devil. Let me testify about Jesus. Hallelujah. Then he'll want to leave. Hallelujah. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm feeling good. Some people think he might might have wrote words of mercy and forgiveness like the Micah 7:18 or something along from the Psalms about God rich in mercy. The fourth which I think is really beautiful. This this could be a part of it as well. Maybe not uh separate but part of the writing of the word. Uh Jesus could have uh well I believe this I believe this was true. If you pull up Exodus 31:18, God himself wrote the Ten Commandments with what? His finger. So God wrote the Ten Commandments on stone. Right? And he gave unto Moses when he made an end of communing with him upon Mount Si two tables of stone or two tables of testimony tables of stone written with the finger of God. So God was the lawgiver in the Old Testament. Amen. &gt;&gt; Jesus was the lawgiver in the Old Testament. Amen. So this is Jesus stooping down to show I'm the one that wrote the law. I'm the one who interprets the law on this earth. Hallelujah. Amen. I wrote it on stone. I'm writing on THE GROUND AND THANK GOD TODAY HE'S WRITING IT ON THE FLESHLY TABLES OF YOUR HEART. PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; The Holy Ghost by the finger of God, the spirit of God wants to write the word of God on your heart today. Don't be hard-hearted. Don't Don't be a Don't be a sin lover. Confess your sins and let Jesus Christ write his word upon the fleshly tables of your heart. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Confess your heart of stone. If you're still in sin, confess that and say, "God, I don't want to be hard-hearted. Forgive me my sin. I want to be tenderhearted towards the gospel of Jesus Christ." Amen. &gt;&gt; You don't have to, you don't have to keep your heart of stone. Jesus can give you a heart of flesh today. This is a beautiful example. Jesus stoops to the dust just like Jesus stooped to the dust when he formed Adam, right? He stooped down to the dust and he pulled up out of the dust. So what could he be doing? He could be doing with a woman. He's stooping down to the dust, right? To build up a new person in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. So Jesus is riding just like he's the lawgiver, right? And now he's a creator of a new being. Praise God. He's making a new woman in Christ Jesus. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Touching the dust. going to manipulate the dust to make a new creature in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, it's beautiful. He came to write the law and he came to give it on tables of stone and now he comes to write it on the fleshly tables of our hearts, making us new creatures in Christ Jesus. If you are not a different person after you say you were saved or born again, it's time to check up and make sure you're not living a life of iniquity. &gt;&gt; The gospel should make you a new creature. The old things have to pass away. &gt;&gt; Behold, all things become new. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All things. Let's say all things. Ready? All things. &gt;&gt; That's that that's worship. Worship becomes new. &gt;&gt; Preaching becomes new. Your garments, your clothes become new, &gt;&gt; your friendships become new, &gt;&gt; right? Your work habits become new, &gt;&gt; your honesty becomes new, right? Your words out OF YOUR MOUTH, EVERYTHING IS NEW. PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; If not, it's time to repent of those sins and get your life lined up with God. And Jesus loves to do it. Praise God. Now church, whichever of these explanations it was, the truth is the same. The accusers were convicted one by one. Whatever he wrote on the ground convicted all of them, but it started with the oldest, right? Oldest always represents what? The wisest. So whatever word Jesus wrote, the wisest and oldest man first saw it, was convicted by that, and he walked away saying, "I'm I can't judge her. I'm wise enough not to judge her. I'm wise enough not to kill this woman." Why? Because all have fallen short of the glory of God. So recognize she was con they were convicted one by one, no matter what it was, no matter what he wrote. And here the woman was forgiven and then warned, which we'll get to in just a moment. Hallelujah. Now Jesus stooped down. Verse 7. So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself and said, "He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her." So Jesus first bowed down and just started writing. And they keep asking, "Come on Jesus, what's your judgment? Come on." They w they wouldn't give up. They keep they kept seeking for condemnation. And so if something keeps hanging around, listen church, pretty soon you're going to have to speak to that devil. If a devil won't leave, you got to keep speaking to that devil till it does leave. That's what Jesus did. So he rightly divided the word of truth and he said, "Which of you, whichever of you have never committed adultery, especially those men, which of you have never committed adultery in your mind? Which of you have never thought about committing adultery? Which of you have never stolen? Which of you have never been CAUGHT IN SIN? GO AHEAD AND CAST the first stone. What a question. What a what a challenge. And church, they would have known about David was forgiven of his, right? They would have known about Solomon was forgiven of all his thousand wives, right? They would have known all these stories of people being forgiven us. We call we call today radical forgiveness. But really all of us are radically forgiven because we've all done many tally marks. If they if you marked all of our sins, church, it'd be too many to count. And the church said all of us need radical or total forgiveness. Praise God. Every person does. So I like that. Verse eight. And again he stooped down and wrote on the ground. So he wasn't done. Hallelujah. He stoops down, stands up, speaks the word, stoops down, and keeps manifesting him his words on the earth. Hallelujah. So it's the two stoopings of the son of man. I preached this years ago. But I believe these two stoopings are symbolic of Jesus first coming as son of man and his second coming as son of man and the second coming of the son of man was the ministry of William Brandham and the church said didn't didn't Luke 17:30 pope Luke 17:30 this is one of brother's major verses as it was in days of Sodom as it was in days of Noah but look at Luke 17:30 even thus shall be when the who son of man is revealed. Jesus Christ revealed himself in a prophet. Now, we don't worship the prophet. He was a man. But the son of man, Jesus was showing that I'm going to send a prophet to the Gentiles before the great and notable day and judgment day of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Now, this made me shout. I remember I got this revelation in my bedroom, which is currently Haven and Carouses and the little girl. I remember I I paced for hours in that room. What does the two stoopings mean? What does the two stoopings mean? I was back and forth. I remember I was taking calls to and I remember just I was pacing back and forth. What does it mean? All of a sudden it struck me that song said, "Oh, HOW I LOVE HIM. OH, HOW I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all and all. Stooping to woo to win to save my soul." Amen. &gt;&gt; So Jesus when he come to earth the first time, he stooped down from his heavenly throne and he expressed himself. Hallelujah. The word was written on the earth, but he had to stoop again. HE HAD TO COME in the form of a prophet in order to what? Justify the bride. What is Jesus doing? He's justifying the bride. &gt;&gt; So before, so Jesus HAD TO STOOP TWICE in order to justify the bride of Jesus Christ. He had to send the son of man to discern the thoughts intents of the Jews and the Samaritans during the Bible days. But now God sent the son of man to the Gentiles so we'd have a prophet so we'd know that Jesus had visited us and prepared us for his coming and so that we would know our sins would be forgiven. Cuz what is this about? THIS IS ABOUT A GUILTY WOMAN WHO'S an adulterer, but she's forgiven by Jesus. She's made pure by JESUS AND NOBODY CAN CONDEMN HER. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, that does something for me. Praise God. I believe that was the Holy Ghost that revealed that to me. The two comeings of the son of man, the two stoopings of Jesus Christ. And didn't he come down in Revelation 10? Didn't Jesus, THE MIGHTY ANGEL, COME DOWN? PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; TO finish the mystery of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Didn't he come down to finish the mystery of God? So that you would know neither do I condemn you. Neither do I condemn the believers in Bride of Christ Fellowship and the believers around the world. I don't condemn you either, church. The only one that condemn you or the only one that can condemn you is somebody who's not guilty of it. Right? Jesus. G Jesus uh is the only one who can condemn and he's the one that says, "I won't condemn you. &gt;&gt; I'm not here to condemn you. Neither am I. And hopefully nobody's here to condemn each other. We want to see everybody get victory. We want to see everybody walk in forgiveness. &gt;&gt; We want to see everyone delight in the mercy that God has delighted to give us. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Amen. Double delight. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Verse nine. And when they had heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even to the last. And Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst. Now, church, I don't know if uh everybody left. I'm talking about even the faithful church members who were sitting there just to hear a teaching from Jesus. I don't know if they left as well or if it was just the uh the multitude of accusers. We don't know, right? We don't know. But somehow this story got back to John, right? And John wrote it faithfully. So we don't know. But it's written, church, for our admonition. It's written for us. There's my hour. It's written for us so that we would know even when we're caught in the very act. We don't have to accept the condemnation from the devil. &gt;&gt; We can also recognize that there is a word. There's the word here to forgive us. Hallelujah. And church, this is ultimately verse 9 is ultimately what is future to come. When we stand before Jesus, it's not going to be even my wife and I. It's not going to be my wife and I standing there. I will stand by myself and Jesus will have to judge my life. Now, that's pretty that's a pretty uh sobering thought. I won't be able to hold my wife's hand or anything like that. It'll just be me. It'll just be you. Right, Victoria? Right, Caris? It'll just be you. You've got to walk up to Jesus all alone. We better help. We better hope for the mercy of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. And I like I like this. Notice she don't she doesn't say anything. The guilty woman has nothing to say. She's just silent, just waiting. What is the judge going to say? What is Jesus going to say? And I love what he says. Hallelujah. Praise God. What is church? What is she expecting? What do you expect when you're caught in the very act of sin? What do you think she was expecting? Jesus say, "Uh, do you want to go get your husband?" That's what she said to the woman. That's what he said to the woman at the well, right? I wonder what she was expecting. And so we should learn from this that when we get alone with Jesus, Jesus, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus will first show us mercy. Now, will there be consequences? Yes. As we said, would did this woman have to suffer consequences? No doubt about it. Now, church, if she was a godly woman, what she she what would she have done? She would have walked right home and confessed to her husband. Right, church? How do you know you're honest? And how do you know you're forgiven? You'll go right to the person you sinned against and say, "You're sorry." If she was honest, she would have said, "That's right. Thank you, Jesus. I'm had to write to my husband, hubby. Forgive me." And he could have said, "Okay, I'm writing you a bill of divorcement. You got to go back to your dad's house or whatever." And he would have been justified to do that. He could have put her away. Now, he could not have stoned her because Jesus had made the judgment. Right. Right. Jesus had showed that you can't cast a stone unless you're an innocent person and you've never committed anything like this. Right? So Jesus says these beautiful words. Oh, thank God. Hallelujah. He says, "Woman," he doesn't call her by name. He just says, "Woman, where are those thine accusers?" That's what Jesus asked. "Where are your accusers?" What is she worried about? accusers. What does she worry about? Condemnation. So, we get this idea when we come in the presence of God, church, nobody can condemn us. The Bible even says in the book of Acts that the Jews judge themselves unworthy of everlasting life. And then that's why they blasphe the Holy Ghost. In other words, the choice is yours. Either accept forgiveness or blasphem the word of God. Right? The choice is ours. I'm choosing forgiveness today. &gt;&gt; You should choose forgiveness today. Praise God. Don't leave here a condemned person. Hallelujah. Jesus says, "Where are your accusers?" In other words, Jesus won't let Satan stay there. Hallelujah. Praise God. &gt;&gt; In other words, the voice of Satan should not be in your ear all the time. Just the voice of Jesus should be there. Praise God. &gt;&gt; So, I'll say like this. You just got to get so close to Jesus in prayer so you don't hear the voice of Satan anymore. So she's left alone with Jesus. Sound like a good prayer meeting to me, doesn't it? Sound like to you? Hallelujah. Glory. And notice she's standing. So maybe they threw her down, but now she's standing with that blanket wrapped around her. Now you've seen videos. She got makeup all over, hair's all frizzled, like she's been making love to some man. And that's the condition she's in. And Jesus says, "Where are your accusers?" Now, church, if she could be forgiven, and some of us have never even done this, why can't we accept forgiveness for ourselves? Hallelujah. Why can't we move on and accept the mercy of God and trust that what GOD HAS SAID, GOD will do? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. WHY CAN'T WE TRUST GOD? BECAUSE we're too busy listening to the lying the lying enemy all the time. But God's here to set us free today. &gt;&gt; There is a way out. There is victory in Jesus today. There's victory in Jesus, my savior forever. Amen. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming love. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. There's victory in Christ today. Am I doing on time? Okay. Glory. Now verse 10. Woman, where are thine accusers? Hath no man? You mean there's no one here to condemn you? So she thought the whole time, I'm going to be condemned. Everybody's here to condemn me. And Jesus, when the word comes, when the presence of Jesus is expressed, when the word comes forth, all the accusers leave and there's no more condemnation. Does that sound familiar? Romans 8:1, there is now therefore what? No condemnation to them that are in Christ. What is she in? She's in THE PRESENCE OF CHRIST. GLORY. If you can come IN THE PRESENCE OF CHRIST, THERE'S NO CONDEMNATION FOR YOU. AMEN. &gt;&gt; How do you get in the presence of Christ? Repent of your sins. Praise God. CONFESS YOUR SINS. THAT'S the spirit of God bringing conviction to you. That's the spirit of God coming to you to forgive you. That's how you get in the presence of Christ. Confess your sins. Hallelujah. Verse 11. And she said, "Neither." I'm sorry. And she said, "No man, Lord." So, we get a beautiful picture of what's happening in the spiritual realm. When you are in the presence of Jesus, there's no one there to condemn you. In other words, you don't have to accept the things the devils say. Because when she was in the presence of Jesus, there was no man, I'll say this, there's no devil to condemn her. And Jesus helped her to see that there's no one here to condemn you. Nobody nobody can condemn you if you're in the presence of Jesus. Hallelujah. It's impossible. There's no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. And she said, "No man, Lord." And Jesus said unto her, "Neither do I condemn thee. go and sin no more. So, here's where we get the fear, right? Like we talked about with driving fast and getting drive speeding tickets. Here's the fear of the Lord. Jesus says, "I forgive you freely, but don't do that again." Hallelujah. Go and sin no more. Don't get distracted by those handsome young men to commit adultery with them or those beautiful women. Don't be distracted by that. Don't do it again. That's the fear of God. That's the grace of God given to this woman. Go and sin no more. Now, don't forget the balance. We're so easily beset. But remember, there's many, many steps in between our stumblings. And the church said, &gt;&gt; as you grow closer to Christ, there should be less stumbling, right? There should be less stumbling because I'm I'm stronger in Christ. I've learned more. I'm more uh I'm more I'm growing in grace and knowledge to the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm going from faith to faith, from glory to glory. Hallelujah. That's right. That's right. Now, this struck me this morning. Twice Jesus said this, "Go and sin no more." He said it to this woman in adultery, and he also said it in John chapter 5 to the lame man that Jesus healed. So, let's go to John 5:14. John 5:14 afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple. So, so this tells me that if God does something great for you, he's going to come remind you, hey, remember I did this for you. Don't go back into that sin. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, this service, perhaps this service, brother Mercy, is God reminding us, remember what I did for you. Don't turn back into that. &gt;&gt; Don't go back that way or else something worse is going to happen to you. Right? Because Jesus give Jesus gives forgiveness but then he gave a warning. You're I'm not condemning you woman. Go and sin no more. Hallelujah. And remember he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So and afterward Jesus finding him in the temple say unto him, behold thou art made whole. Sin no more lest a worse thing come unto thee. church, you should rejoice if God's delivered you from addiction. You should rejoice in everything God's done for you. But remember, if you go back to that, you are going to suffer. Now, I can think of one example of where God miraculously healed this brother, and I'm I'm not going to I'm not trying not to give so many details, but I talked with him face to face last year on Easter last year 2024 on Easter morning. And he said, "Ever since God did that," he said, "I left the church and I've got worse off than I was before. He confessed that right to me in the prayer line. And I said, "That's what that is. If you don't give God the fear of the Lord and if you don't give him the gratitude that he gave to you for forgiveness, you will be worse off. Something worse will come upon you." Hallelujah. Just like David. Look what he did. Something worse came upon him. Right? Look how he lost his sons and 70,000 people died partly because of his sin, but they were guilty, too. But he got deceived by Satan. Worse things came upon him when he did things he knew he should not have done. May God keep us from iniquity, church. That's what I'm trying to say. Yes. Do we have iniquity often? But yes, but let's keep them minor sins by the grace of God. keep the iniquities minor because I've seen in that one case at least a major someone going from completely healed to now debilitated again and then even to this day the promise he promised me he'd come back to church and he's not been back to church not this church till this day he's fallen away and won't come back to church now church how many churches do you know would say what Jesus would say, "Go and sin no more." They would just say, "Go." They wouldn't say, "Don't sin. Stop sinning." Right? Most churches wouldn't say that. That's why most churches are workers of iniquity. They don't do the will of our father which is in heaven. They just hear the good stuff. Oh, God loves you. God forgives you. Uh, I don't condemn you. I don't condemn you. I don't condemn you. But what about go and sin no more? &gt;&gt; That's what they don't preach. Hallelujah. That's why we're a small church. And the church said, that's why all these acronyes don't flood into here and say, "Oh, what a wonderful uh what a wonderful church you got. Wonderful singing, wonderful pastor, wonderful piano player, and it's so wonderful." Because why why do they not flood in here? Because we tell them, "Stop sinning." In other words, I want a license for my sin. That's Jude 1:3. They've turned the grace of God into lasciviousness. But Jesus did not. JESUS OFFERED GRACE WITH RESPONSIBILITY. PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; BELOVED, when I gave all diligence to write unto you the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you and exhort you that you should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered to the saints. That's not it. Must be verse four. Yeah. Yeah. There it is. For there are certain men crept in unawares who were before of old ordained to this condemnation. Ungodly men. They turn the grace of God into lawlessness. In other words, go and sin. No, I'm sorry. In other words, neither do I condemn thee. Just trust God. You can do whatever you want. You're still going to be saved. Can never lose your salvation. You've not read enough Bible. Exodus 32 and Psalm 69. God said, "I'll blot your names out if you don't repent of idolatry." Is that right? And then Jesus said, "I'll blot your name out." Revelation 3:5, "Except you overcome your church age." Hallelujah. And they deny the Lord. See, that's the word. The Lord is the word. And our Lord Jesus Christ, they actually deny the word of God. Let's not deny it. Let's live up to it. Praise God. Let's accept it. Let's be faithful to the word of God. Hallelujah. So twice Jesus said, "Go and sin no more, lest the worst thing come upon you." Oh my. Brother Ram says that applies both to healing and to the soul. Hallelujah. In other words, we have to keep believing or else we're going to get sick again. We got to keep believing or else we will forsake or the Bible says fail the grace of God. We'll become shipwrecked and we'll uh reject the grace of God. That's when people's names can be blotted off the book of life. All right. All right. Now, let me bring this down to a close here. You've been a good audience here by God's grace. It's about time to close. Jesus gives radical forgiveness all throughout the gospels to the woman caught in adultery. The woman who anointed Jesus' feet, Jesus said, "Her sins which are many are forgiven." Why? Because she loved him very much. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, church, don't be discouraged. says, "Well, I've done many wrong things." You're not alone. All of us have done many wrong things. But the question is, WILL YOU LOVE JESUS? HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; What's the proof you love Jesus? Like she did. Come to Jesus and anoint his feet. Give him praise. Anoint his head. In other words, worship him. Like brother Chris and I were talking about. Brother Chris is learning for the first time. He stepped out, but he said he's learning for the first time to say, "I love you, Jesus." Right, brother Chris? Amen. I WAS LIKE, "THAT'S EXACTLY RIGHT. THAT'S WHAT WE GOT TO DO. WE GOT TO KISS THE SON lest he be angry. You have to learn to love Jesus. I love you, Jesus. Thank you for forgiving me. I was a wretched. I was lost, but your AMAZING GRACE HAS FOUND ME. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. the paralytic man who was lowered down through Peter's mother-in-law's house or maybe Peter's house. Jesus said, "Son, thy sins be forgiven thee." So Jesus first forgave his sins and then healed his body. That's what James 5 says. Confess your sins, then pray the prayer of faith, and God will heal you. Hallelujah. the woman at the well, he said, "THOU HAS FIVE HUSBANDS, and the one you're with now is not your husband." Six adulterous uh oh, sorry, five adulterous affairs, broken relationships, a broken marriage, and all this disgrace on her husband with five other men. Yet Jesus, yes, she said, "He's told me all that ever did." And no doubt she was forgiven of being unfaithful to five different men. THIS IS RADICAL FORGIVENESS. Praise God. &gt;&gt; The tax collector. Jesus said, "I'm not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance." These tax collectors were greedy liars. They stole money from people on purpose. They look in your eyes and lie to you. And yet Jesus said he can forgive them. He says, "I'm not coming TO CALL THE RIGHTEOUS." IN OTHER WORDS, you're not righteous. Just admit you're unrighteous and I'll forgive you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Even Zakius was the chief tax collector. Dishonest, extortion, greed, lying. And yet Jesus can say, "This day salvation has come to your house." That's what we need. We don't need the president to visit our house or SOME GREAT PERSON. WE NEED THE HOLY GHOST TO VISIT OUR HOUSE. &gt;&gt; WE NEED AN ANGEL TO VISIT OUR HOUSE. PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; That's what we need. Hallelujah. Someone that will speak the word of God. Someone that will be so powerful, the presence, that'll bring us to our knees to repent of our sins. Even Peter denied Christ three times. It'd be like asking, "Brother Jesse, are you a Christian?" "No, I don't. What are you talking? What's Christianity?" "Wait, Jesse, AREN'T YOU A PASTOR?" "NO, I'M NOT A PASTOR. I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHO JESUS IS. NO, NO, NO. I saw you on YouTube. AREN'T YOU GREAT? NO, NO, NO. I DON'T EVEN KNOW HIM. I That wasn't me. And Jesus would come and say, "If you love me, feed my sheep." That's radical forgiveness. Denying the Lord, denying you know the you know William Brandham, do you follow THE MESSAGE WILLIAM? NO. NO, I DON'T. NO, I DON'T. And yet God will turn around, convict us, we'll be forgiven. And then he even after that, even before that, he gives us the keys to the kingdom. AMEN. WHAT AMAZING GRACE. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; OUR SINS WHICH ARE MANY ARE FORGIVEN. HALLELUJAH. BECAUSE WE LOVE THE LORD SO MUCH. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Forgiveness makes us love the Lord, brother Chris. That's why I LOVE GOD. THAT'S WHY I CAN KEEP COMING BACK TO CHURCH because I know he loves me and he forgives me. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Because his word says so. &gt;&gt; And then I'll see a spirit, a grievous spirit. Then his spirit will come back and do great things among us. That's how I know he's forgiven me, too. Amen. Or we'll go on a trip and see the Holy Ghost move in amazing way. Hallelujah. Or the Holy Ghost answer prayer. I know I grieved him, but I know he forgave me because he came back upon me. I feel the presence of God back in my life. Anybody can relate to that? The thief on the cross that was saved while he was getting nailed there. He's mocking Jesus. The Bible said they both mocked him. And at the very end, he said, "Remember me when you come into your kingdom." He didn't even He didn't even repent with his words. But church, he repented in his heart. &gt;&gt; Remember me, Jesus. Don't forget me. And what did Jesus say? NEITHER DO I CONDEMN THEE. YOU'LL BE WITH ME IN PARADISE. HALLELUJAH. PRAISE GOD. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; If we if we approach Jesus the right way, he'll say the same thing to us. I don't condemn you either. Go and sin no more. This is the grace of God. This is the grace of God we want to live in. Hallelujah. To see this is how Jesus forgives us. Church, the Bible said, "The letter kleth, but the spirit giveth life." Now, some people take this out of context. This means the law. The letter is the law. The law kills. In other words, nobody can keep it. But the spirit gives us life to do what? To cause us to keep it. Some people use that verse and say, "Well, uh, we don't need the message or we don't need the Bible." No, no, no, no. We need the Bible. I need the Bible to tell me where I'm wrong, but I need a spirit to give me life so I can obey it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's what they tried to do to this woman. They tried to bring the letter, and that would always kill. But what does Jesus do? The spirit gives life to it. You got to keep all of it. And then God says, "I'm the God. I have compassion." Oh, GLORY. I HAVE COMPASSION ON WHOEVER I want to have compassion on. Hallelujah. Isn't that beautiful? He said, "I'll harden all those I want to harden." He hardens Pharaoh. We heard that last night, right, in our family reading. He hardened Pharaoh, but for some reason, he had mercy on Moses the murderer. WHY? BECAUSE GOD KNEW MOSES REALLY LOVED GOD AND WOULD OBEY GOD and keep the commands. Hallelujah. The letter kills all of us. The law condemns all of us. But the Holy Ghost gives us life. We need both. And the church said we die daily, right? So we need the we need the word. We need the letter to kill us every day. Oh, this good. I wasn't plann on saying that. Amen. Paul said, "I die daily. I've got to die to my sinful desires every day." But then the spirit of God comes to quicken me so I can live the word of God that I that I'm battling against. Hallelujah. Oh, it's so wonderful. Church, let's not use this verse to try to get rid of all conviction. I hope somebody's convicted of any sin this morning. Hallelujah. If you sinned, then the Holy Ghost wants to convict you. If you don't feel convicted, you're officially backslided. It's time to repent of your sins. The Holy Ghost brings conviction. It doesn't baby sin. We want the letter to bring conviction, truth, and even rules. Uh go to uh you say, "Brother Jess, we're don't we don't want to be a church of rules." Yes, we do. You just don't know your Bible. We haven't read that for a while. Let's read Philippians. I think it's Philippians 3:16. Okay, she stepped out so she needs to step out. That's fine. Philippians, I believe it's 3:16. Always remember that because it's like John 3:16. Yes. Now, Paul just got done talking about how I might know him and the power of his fellowship in verse 10. The fellowship of his suffering. I press toward the mark in verse 14. There's our remember last year we preached at the beginning of the the the year we press toward the mark of the high calling of God. Every year we use that verse, right? This year I'm going to press toward the mark. 2026 is going to be better than 2025. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about spiritually. Hallelujah. Because we've all had years that weren't as good as the previous year naturally. Look at verse 16. Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained. Let us walk by the same rule. Let us mine the same thing. Don't let these devils tell you, "Oh, I don't have any rules. God's all love. God's all. No, God is both letter and spirit. He's both word and spirit, right? Spirit and truth. Hallelujah. Thank you. So, we see that we got to have both. He's commandments. He said, "If you love me, in John 14, he said it three times. If you love me, do what, church? Keep my commands." If you love me. So that woman who was forgiven adultery, if she loved Jesus, she'd never go looking at those handsome young men again. Boy, he's got a lot of money and he's not married and I could make some money here or whatever. She would never do that. She would just walk by those those men, right? If she really loved Jesus, she'd keep the commands. Hallelujah. Same same thing for us. If we really love Jesus, let's just walk back or walk past anything. Whatever may be tempting us, let's just walk past it. Just keep running the race, church. Just keep running. Don't stop. Don't stop and listen to the devil's lies. He's the accuser of the brethren. Hallelujah. But Jesus is the forgiver of the of the merciful. Hallelujah. The forgiver of the children of God. Said, "If you love me, keep my commands." Last two verses and I'll close. Luke 20 vers35. You've been a very patient audience with me. Thank you. On sister Naomi's birthday. Hallelujah. We a lot of services on birthdays this year. My birthday, lots of other birthdays. That would have been last year. Luke 20:35. But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world. Speaking of the millennium, huh? You have to be worthy enough to be there. I I thought, brother Jesse, we're not saved by works. We're not saved by works, but we've also got to cast down anything that exalts itself against the word of God. In other words, we've got to show responsibility with what God has made known to us. If we don't, it's proof we either never had it or we had it but rejected it. Because the Bible said you can Yeah, I'll read that. So, I got three verses left after this one. and the uh Luke 20:35, but they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry nor given a marriage. Now, I'll preach on that maybe later about how she was married seven times. There's no marriage in the millennium. Now, brother Ram said, "You'll get it right in the millennium." Remember, we heard that last week. But what Jesus is saying, they don't have any physical relations in the millennium because they're not physical bodies, right? They're glorified bodies. Hallelujah. So yes, you can be married in the millennium, but you won't have any relations because it's that desire is no longer there anymore. Thank God. The one I want to show was Luke 8:13, if I'm not mistaken. I shared that this morning with Brendan on a voice message. Luke 8:13. Let me see if that's it. And this is where people in the message church can hang around for 10, 20, 30, 40 years and still fulfill this sad verse. Church, I don't want to believe for a while. I want to believe all the time. I want to believe every day because anybody can believe for a while. Judas believed for three and a half years. But this we've seen now that we've been the message all these years. Now we can see people can believe for 40 sometimes 50 years and then walk away from the water baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. How could you do that? How could you walk away from women dressing holy and then go sit in churches with a bunch of stripped down Jezebels, sexy clothes, paint on their face painted up like a barn. How could you do that? This is how they could do that. They on the rock are they which when they hear they receive the word with joy and these have no root which for a while believe. Did they believe? Yes. And in time of temptation fall away. Satan let these people sit around by the mercy for 30, 40, 50 years. They haven't even been tested yet. But here comes the test. Well, brother Ram said that. But then he said that and then this person in the church did this and it turns them against Satan comes and snatches it out and now they just got roots of bitterness and hatred towards message believers. Now that might be an extreme example but that's what the Bible says in the time of temptation Satan snatches that revelation out of their heart. I don't believe it anymore. And church some of them will say I believed it with all my heart. I don't doubt that. But Satan, you let Satan in and snatched it all away. And now you don't believe it because your actions speak louder than any words. And the church said, "Neither do I condemn thee." That's the title. Hallelujah. Last verse. Revelation 3:4. You've been a very patient people. Did anybody enjoy the word today? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise God. Yeah. Brother Dale kind of stirred me up on this thought. Like I like to show this thought. Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled my garments. Sorry, defiled their garments. And they shall walk with with me in white for they are to say together they are worthy. Let's stand to our feet. Now church leave that verse up there. Musicians can come. Let's keep that balance. Right. All have fallen short of the glory of God. We sin every day, right? Brother Ram says that we so easily beset ourselves. But the overall theme of our life is that I'm trying to stay away from sin. If you are trying to fight sin, you are one of the worthy ones. Praise God. You are one of the worthy ones. If you're trying to keep yourself from getting defiled by the things of this world, Jesus calls that type of life worthy. Brother Jess, how was your week this week? It was great. I was running as far away from sin as I could. I was trying to outrun the lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, and pride of life. I was running away from it, brother. I was taking I had a busy week. I was running hard. My goodness. and I kept my garments white because I wash my garments in the blood of Jesus Christ. And so, Jose, there's no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. So, what is Jesus going to tell you? Well, it's your choice. You can you can already know what he's going to tell you. Hallelujah. Is he going to say, "I never knew you." Or is he going to say, "Neither do I condemn you. You're worthy. Let's pray about it today. Let's bow our heads. Father, we thank you for the word of God today. This word of neither do I condemn thee. We've seen it now, Lord, through the book of John chapter 8. We see how you do it, Lord. First, you get rid of all the devil confusion, all the devil accusers. You get rid of all that when then it's just you and us, Lord God. Hallelujah. It's just the just one with the one that wants to be justified. [Music] It's just the forgiver with the one who wants to be forgiven. Hallelujah. Glory. It's just the savior with the one who wants to be saved. Lord, we want to be saved today, Lord God. [Music] We want to be justified like this woman. Father, you've inspired me to preach this. I just pray the word will fall on good ground hearts, Lord. And they will believe not for a while, but they'll believe to the end. Hallelujah. They'll believe all the days of their life. Lord, help our church to walk in the fear of God all the days of our life. Lord, if anyone in the church has sin, which it's most likely because we sin every day, Lord, may they confess it, Lord Jesus, and may they walk in the light as you're in the light, and the blood of Jesus Christ will cleanse us from all unrighteousness. May we hear those beautiful words from the Holy Spirit. Neither do I condemn thee. Go and sin no more, oh God. Such beautiful words from the Lord Jesus. If anybody had a right to condemn, it was him. It was you, Lord. But you refused to condemn because you saw a desire in this woman to be forgiven. She types the bride. Hallelujah. I believe she even types Israel. Israel was married, committed adultery. Oh, there it is. My You put her away for adultery, but then Lord, you'll forgive her. You'll return to her. you'll bring her back to your herself. Lord Jesus, we all see ourselves in this story today. Whether through physical sins, caught in the act, mental sins, verbal sins, whatever may be, God, forgive us of our sins, Lord Jesus. May we confess our sins, so we can be right with you, Lord God. Hallelujah, Jesus. Thank you for your love and your mercy. Bless your people today, Lord. I don't see brother Claude, so we pray for him in Jesus Christ's name. Minister to his need, Lord God, today. Thank you for our precious brother, Lord God. I don't see Brother Vang and sister CIA, Lord, so be with their precious family, Lord God. Let your spirit strengthen them today, Lord God. We never want to forget our family, Lord God. Our family in Christ Jesus. And again, a special blessing on our sister Naomi for her birthday today, just like Austin's was the previous Wednesday, Lord Jesus. [Music] Father, let your blessings be upon your people. If there's anyone that needs prayer, more time with you, I pray they would get time alone with you. Just like this woman, she's left alone with Jesus. May each person be alone with Jesus, Lord God. That song says, I must tell Jesus. Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. Hallelujah. Lord, you're the only one that can help your people today. Help your people, I pray, today. In Jesus Christ's name, I ask it.
