################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - (6-1-25) Corinthians, Part 20 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   (6-1-25) Corinthians, Part 20 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyvDpk410q4
========================================

Wednesday we start looking at the gifts of the Holy Spirit. So we like to go through this again here uh by the grace of the Lord part 20. And we'll start with 1 Corinthians 12:6. You know church, the more we think about it, the more we can recognize whenever God moved in our life, it was moving through one of the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit. And then as a preacher, you know, you have one of the five gifts or maybe one or more of the five preaching gifts. So in my life, I'll see God moving in, you know, pastoring, teaching. Uh last year, I did some evangelism. And so, uh we're thankful, you know, when God moves, he's going to use one of these gifts in our life. Praise God. And uh we want to recognize that we want to be uh we want to be yielded and we want to be waiting for God to put his hand in our glove, right? And use our glove, right? use our vessel for the glory of God. Hallelujah. For you and I, Jesus said, you and I can do nothing. Right? In John 15:5, he said, "Apart from me, you can do nothing. We're just like a glove. We're just like a a temple. We're just like a vessel. But when God comes in, then God can do something great." Praise God. 1 Corinthians 12 6. We'll read six down through 11. Of course, a very familiar text here, but we're preaching through the entire book of 1 Corinthians. and uh little over well more than halfway done here by God's grace. I'll read uh 6 through 10 and then we can read verse 11 together here. So I'll read verse 6 through 10. And there are diversities of operations, but is the same God which workketh all in all. But the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. So think of that. Even little Levi has a little gift in his life. Praise God. He'll grow up and recognize there's a gift in my life. It's given to every man. Let's say every man. Ready? Every. Every man. Even little James and Andy got little gifts in their life, right? Hallelujah. And we want to just yield to God so God can use the gifts in our life. Verse eight. For by one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit, to another faith by the same Spirit, to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit, to another the working of miracles, to another prophecy, to another discerning of spirits, to another diverse kinds of tongues, to another the interpretation of tongues. Let's read verse 11. Ready? One, two, three. But all these workketh that one and the self-same spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will. So God determines the gifts that we have. Or maybe just one gift, but God determines which gifts we have. May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. So we just kind of want to just review again where we've made it. We preached through this uh first uh 12 chapters. Now we're in chapter 12. And these are Scoffield's outlines. You know, CI Scofield. We've looked at the believer standing in grace in chapter 1. Then we looked at the the carnal divided condition of the the Corinthian church. Uh we dealt with the sexual immorality aspect in chapter 5 and six. The sanctity of the body and marriage in chapters 6 and 7. Christian liberties and their warnings in chapters 8, 9, and 10. And we looked at headship uh through the length of hair uh God's ordained headship and the Lord's supper in 1 Corinthians 11. And now we've been looking here at the spiritual gifts and charity. Uh and we'll cover this for a couple chapters here uh by the grace of the Lord. And how many enjoy when God had brother Simon preach uh Corinthianism. Hallelujah. Didn't even know what I was preaching. Praise God. And uh I I like the thought. So if you remember, if you recall brother Simon's sermons, he was basically saying churches have all these problems, but when you can get to love in chapter 13, when you can get to love, then the gifts can operate correctly and then you'll be resurrected or for us, we want to be raptured. We're hoping to live to see it, right, brother Jose? We hope it's in our lifetime. We hope to be those that are alive and remain and will be changed in a moment in twinkling of an eye to meet the Lord in the air. But if not, if that death due lies cold on my brow, I'm going to love Jesus. Hallelujah. Right? And then if I die, if I go to the grave, then I'll be the first. The dead in Christ will rise first. Praise God. So either way, I win. Hallelujah. Because Jesus made us winners. Hallelujah. Amen. So that was the wonderful thought God gave brother Simon. He actually went through a lot of the the problems in the church and then ended with how uh even in the midst of all these problems in churches, if the people will submit and repent of their sins, God will lead them to charity, which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost and then to a resurrection. Praise God. Hallelujah. So, we want to uh let me just review these three, four, five, six. There's there's at least seven major problems in the Corinthian church and we see it in all churches or many churches today, right? All right, we've just gone through division in our church, you know. Um, but in Corinthian church, they had division, they had sexual morality, then they had uh uh basically greed. They were suing one another, right? And then they had drunkenness and pride uh of their they had drunkenness at the Lord's table. Uh and then they had pride in their financial superiority. And then they were out of control with the gifts. So they were having too many tongues, too many interpretations. They were having tongues without interpretations. So Paul had to order them, right? Hallelujah. And then they were lacking in generosity. Paul even rebukes them that they were lacking to be generous to him. Paul was the one that started the church and they wouldn't even minister to his needs. It really shows a prideful, arrogant, right? This is all a lot of these are pride, you know, division and suing each other. Pride. Pride had really struck their church. And now they didn't even have enough love and humility to help out Paul who was the founder of the church. And then of course in the next book in 2 Corinthians they uh they were actually allowing so many false teachers. Paul said you have 10,000 instructors in Christ. In other words, they're just letting anybody come in and preach whatever they want. He said, "But how many fathers in the gospel do you have?" In other words, the people that first uh preach the gospel that your soul could be saved. Hallelujah. And of course uh it seems like they accept accepted Paul here uh as we see in 2 Corinthians chap 11. Okay. So uh Sunday or I'm sorry Wednesday we looked at uh verses 1-6 and we saw how uh Paul by the Holy Spirit said there's diversities of gifts which means different gifts. There's nine uh spiritual gifts male or female can have even children. But there's five preaching gifts only men get preaching gifts. Women are not called to preach or pastor, evangelize, uh, be prophets, uh, as far as leaders of churches. They have a gift of a small gift of prophecy, which is one of the nine gifts, but they're not called to be prophets to lead the church like a Moses or a Joshua. Hallelujah. Or a St. Paul, hallelujah, or a St. Peter. Peter had the gift of prophecy as well. And then you had teachers, evangelists, uh, and apostles and so forth. A five-fold ministry is only male because that's how God set it up. It's also repeated in 1 Timothy chapter 2. Eve was in the uh in the transgression first, right? And so that's why God does not allow women to preach and lead the church. Hallelujah. And then the Bible said there's differences administrations, which is the word administration means services. Some gifts serve more than others. So think about that. In the preaching gifts, you know, the pastor serves a lot because a pastor is a shepherd. A pastor stays with his sheep. I don't leave you guys and say, "Well, I'll see you in a couple months. I'm going to go over and do some apostle work." No, a pastor stays with a people just like a shepherd stays with a sheep, right? So God uses a a pastor gift very very often, right? To give you the the feed on the word of God. Now with the nine gifts, the the most beneficial of the nine, well, we would probably say is wisdom because wisdom judges all the other ones, right? Wisdom guides all the other ones. That's why it's listed first, right? And Proverbs says wisdom is the principle thing. With all you're getting, get wisdom. And the church said hallelujah wisdom is the principle of all the gifts. Right? And then but between tongues interpretation and prophecy Paul said pray that you prophesy more because prophecy gives edification to the whole church. Hallelujah. So that's why there's different administrations. Some gifts serve more than others. Hallelujah. And then there's different operations. And brother man talked about how or Roberts had bulldog faith. Remember he would he would put his uh hand on the forehead and he would shake the forehead and he would rebuke those demons and the demons would leave. Right? But brother would just simply discern. He would just simply discern the thoughts intents of the heart. Never raise his voice and people would get healed and par he healed from being paralyzed. Amen. Blinded eyes was open and yet he wasn't doing this loud type of a prayer. It was just humble prayer because there's different uh different operations of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. There's some miracles where you have to do certain things, uh, right? You got to, uh, do certain things to get a miracle. Other miracles, just speak the word, right? Just speak the word and it'll happen by God's grace. Some some miracles you got to anoint with oil. Some miracles you give a prayer cloth, right? There's there's different ways they work, but it's all working toward the same thing. Jesus getting glory. Hallelujah. Amen. So, we're that's just from Wednesday. Now, we also looked at this. follow charity uh and desire the spiritual gifts but rather that you may prophesy. So he's telling the Corinthians that uh they had too many tongues interpretation they need to start prophesying more. So uh friends you know uh with our stature perfect man love and as I was praying for Levi you know that kind of came to me love is the greatest of all gifts there's no greater gift than love. So, our lives should be daily. How can I love my for me, how can I love my wife? How can I love my children? How can I love the church? How can I love my co-workers at school? You know, because I'm a school teacher. How can I love them? Love ought to be our greatest motivation. Praise God. And then once we've got the the focus, I'm going to love everybody, then we start desiring spiritual gifts. But too many people get angry and bitter and then they want a gift. Well, Lord, send me a gift for that person. Well, you're already angry. you're not operating in the love of God yet. Hallelujah. They want God to bring a curse on somebody or something like that. That's the wrong order. You got to love first, then gifts, not gifts first and then I'll love later. If they just repent and and say, "Sorry, I'm sorry." You're supposed to love your enemies. Hallelujah. Love those who uh despitefully treat you and mistreat you uh that persecute you. Pray for them. Hallelujah. That God will bless them. Bless and don't uh curse. Hallelujah. The Bible says so. See, love is our our main motivation. If we can just love everybody, forgive everybody, pray for them. If you mis mistreat me, I'll still love you. And then desire a gift. But don't desire a gift just to get back at somebody. Right? We love first and then desire gifts. What do we see a lot of churches today? They want gifts without the love. But we got to have love first. Hallelujah. May God always help us to have the love of God first. And then the Bible said covet. Now this is not in a sinful way. Uh but it's eagerly desire. Right? The Bible said wherefore brethren covet the to prophesy and forbid not to speak with tongues. So that's why I put gifts on our our our pre-ervice prayer. That's why I put gifts up there. We're to pray for prophecies. God, send us a prophecy. Show us what's going to happen. Oh God, show us what what what does my future entail? What's going to happen with this relationship? What's going to happen with uh the government? what's going to happen with the church. We should pray for prophecy. Hallelujah. Now, for most of us, it's going to come through dreams. Because I've never seen anybody here stand up and say, "Thus say the Lord, this and this is going to happen next week." I've never seen that. That means you're not a prophet. Right? So, the way God will give us a prophecy is we'll dream something, write it down or text it as soon as you can, and then see if it comes to pass. And then if it comes to pass, say, "Thank God he gave us a prophecy." Amen. Hallelujah. So most of us and and we saw that of course in the book of Matthew chapter 1. There was no prophet other than uh yeah there was no prophet. John the Baptist uh was just in his mother's womb. And so God needed to speak uh to Mary's husband, Joseph. Well, God had no prophet to anoint. So what'd he do? He sent him dreams. So if there's no prophet today, God's going to send us prophecies by dreams. Hallelujah. That's right. So we're thankful by God's grace. So brother Brandham tells us in in back in 1958 he said another thing that we believe the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. Now we believe that when these gifts and so forth are operating the church which we covet and desire that the people who are gifted by the spirit come and worship with us. So, we desire every gift of the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit. And we want them to operate, but if they get wrong, then you have to repent of that and say, "I got an evil spirit. God, forgive me. Get this evil spirit off me and let the Holy Spirit return to me so the gift can operate." I saw it one time, church, I saw it one time in North Carolina. Malachi was there. He probably don't remember so many years ago. It was 2017. I saw that operate. a sister come up and the the pastor, we were all at the altar praying and I was at the altar praying. The pastor there, uh, Brother Humes and right as we're praying, a spirit a spirit got on a young sister. She was maybe 18. Yeah. She'd already graduated and she come up and she literally tried to pull the microphone away from the pastor. Now, you know that's a dominating spirit. That's a Jezebel domination spirit. She's trying to pull it away. She don't ask, "Can I have it?" She demands it. Right? Right? Just like when dominating female spirits, they demand to get their way. Right, sisters? Right, brothers? If you demand your way, you might have the wrong spirit. You might have the Jezebel spirit. But the the humble spirit will say, "I would like to do this. Is it okay? Could we please do this, right? Ask for permission, not demand the way." But the 18-year-old demanded uh the microphone. And the pastor, he just I like I just admired it. He stood there and he's like, "No, sister. No, sister." But she still shouted in the microphone. She's trying to grab it. She still shouted, "Uh, in the name of the Lord, uh, this sister should not date or or court this brother." So, there was a there was another young sister, uh, one of her friends that was courting this this this young man. And she was trying to warn her friend not to court that man. Now, I don't know the details. I don't know if that was right or or not, but it was out of order, right? And when after the service was all over, we went in the office and the sister bowed her head and she repented for trying to take the microphone. Now, that's a humble person right there. Most people will storm out and say, "Well, I'll just go to another church. If if you if you don't believe I'm led by the spirit, I'll just go somewhere else." That's right. And I appreciated the humility of that 18-year-old sister. So, yes, I was I was wrong. I was all worked up. I was all I felt the spirit of God tell me to give that message, but I went about it the wrong way. And she repented right there in tears. I was I was learning. Boy, I was like my eyes are open. Wow, this is great. Let me learn here. I feel like I'm living in the Bible days, the book of Acts. Hallelujah. It was a great experience. We desire all the gifts to move, but if you get it wrong, we also desire you repent. Hallelujah. And it takes a real humble person to repent, right? It takes a real Christian to repent. And now here, remember this. And then when you come in the body of Christ, there's nine spiritual gifts. It goes into every local body. So here amongst even our small church like this, all nine gifts are here. They're they're all somewhere, right? You say, "Well, Brother Jess, why haven't we heard tongues lately or or interpretation or even a prophecy?" Well, it's because either the it's either two things, right? Either it's not God's time or the person's not in tune with the Holy Spirit. So what do you do? You just wait on the Lord. Wait on the Lord. He'll renew your strength. Hallelujah. Just wait on God. Hallelujah. We can't make God move. It's not for us to make God move. It's for us to be moved by God. Hallelujah. Just like the woman, just like we're saying, the woman don't tell the man what to do. The man tells the woman what to do in love. And Jesus is the husband and we're the wife. And so we wait for Jesus to lead us into gifts. Hallelujah. And church, Jesus will always be on time. Amen. Hallelujah. He won't be off time. He'll always be right on time. And then he says, "And those gifts that you're to pray for, to pray for the gift of speaking with tongues or the gift of interpretation of tongues or these other gifts that goes into the church, pray for the gifts of healing. Pray for the gifts of miracles and so forth. That's the ones that you pray for and the spirit comes on and works in each local assembly to the perfection of the church." Hallelujah. Now remember, perfection means maturation or maturing. It doesn't mean we never sin. It means we're we're overcoming sin. Amen. We're overcoming sin, able to live above sin, and we become mature Christians. We don't remain babies. That complain when we don't get our way or we try to intimidate and and try to dominate other people. That's baby Christianity. Paul says it in Hebrews chapter 5. Let's not be babes just drinking on milk all the time. Let's be mature believers who can handle the meat of the word. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, let's review the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit. I trust that somebody maybe today can recognize which gifts you have in your life. You know, just recently, I've just seen that in our church, we have gifts of healing. Remember, every music gift is a gift of healing. Just like David, David would play his harp and the evil spirit would leave. Hallelujah. So when people have like how many times as Austin sang and I've cried well that that's the Holy Spirit coming on me. That's a gift of healing. That's refreshing my soul. Right. Right. Same thing with Malachi playing and differentaca doing song specials as the people rejoice. Even yesterday the people were telling me up in Sheffield we love acacia singing. We love why it brings healing to them. The Holy Spirit heals through music. Praise God. That's right. And so, uh, and I feel like that's one of the safest ones to know that you got, right? It's pretty easy. You either gifted in music or you're not, right? Hallelujah. I can't play piano, so that's not my gift, you know. Now, maybe later on in life. No, not really. But we we only want to recognize the gifts that we have in our lives. Praise God. And then be able to live so close to Christ that Christ can anoint us to be used. And it's mainly going to benefit the body of Christ here. But of course, it can benefit benefit family and so forth. But we want it to benefit this local body. Hallelujah. So, we got the nine gifts of the Holy Spirit. And I just underlined the S. There's more than one gift. Like there's music, right? As we said earlier, there's anointing with oil, right? Uh there's speaking the word like Jesus said and the Roman centurion said, "Just speak the word." And Jesus said, "If you say to the mountain, "Move, it will move." If you've got a faith the size of a mustard seed. So that's spoken word faith like brother Brandham had the spoken word and brother brother Ram calls it the third pole or the third attraction to his ministry. Hallelujah. The third phase of his ministry speaking to storms. Praise God. Hallelujah. Speaking healings into existence. Hallelujah. It's not our power. It's God's power. Hallelujah. Yes sir. Then we have miracles and faith, prophecy, discerning of spirits, tongues, interpretation. Praise God. Now, I want to go through these here and uh just show again that we got we got all kinds of Bible proof and then so we start with the Greek. What's the word wisdom in mean in Greek and then the Bible examples and how brother Random preached this? Brother Random's ministry was to restore us back to the Bible. Brother Random doesn't point us away from the Bible to like a church creed. Brother Random points us to the Bible. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. And so that's why we have uh we have the Greek, we have the Bible, and then we have a prophet of God pointing us back to the word of God. So the word wisdom means skill in the management of affairs, skill and discretion in imparting truth. So skill means it's at the right time and it's just the right word. And I told you that example, that 80-year-old midwife who told my wife, I really feel you need to go to the hospital now. And God, I believe God used that. I believe it could have saved my wife's life and baby Tulsi's life because we were just happy staying at home, right? We were late, but we're getting a little uh we were getting question. Should we go to the hospital or not? And she said, "You should go to the hospital, do this." And everything she said, that's what we did. We went from the lowest uh intrusive uh maneuver to the next. Now, the move maneuvers intervention. We went from the lowest level of intervention to the finally we had to do a C-section. And that's exactly what she said. She said, "Go there and go less, less, less, less and see what God has." So, we believe, my wife and I believe that was a gift of wisdom operating that 80-year-old sister who had long hair and still wore dresses. And the church said, "Amen." Not like these modern Jezebels that cut their hair and wear pants and wear makeup and all these things like that. Now, nothing I'm not I'm not bashing them. I'm just saying most women are under that spirit of Jezebel. Hallelujah. That's right. Now, Bible wisdom is declared through the works or actions that follow it. So, let's read that. Malachi, would you read that? Matthew 11:19. Read that for us if you got your Bible. And then, Patrick, why don't you get Proverbs 9:1? Claude, can you read that? You get Matthew 7:24. We'll get some readers here helping us out here today by God's grace. I'll just go slow through this. I'm not going to rush through this. I think this is going to help you by God's grace. I know it's going to help you because it the word of God can do nothing but help you. Praise God. If you're a true believer. So, Malachi. Yeah. Go ahead. Matthew 11:19. All right. And the church said, "Amen." Wisdom is justified of her children. So wisdom is seen through its results. Praise God. So if somebody gave you a word of wisdom and you follow that advice, that godly advice, you'll see the results honored God. And that's a gift of wisdom. And brother Ram said, of course, wisdom is the best gift of the group. See, wisdom will help you know how to use all the other eight gifts. Hallelujah. The wisdom of God. And so, it's so crucial to have wisdom. All right, brother Patrick, you want to get that? Proverbs 9 vers1. Amen. Praise God. So, wisdom builds the house. Hallelujah. Now, I've never built a house. Has anybody here built build built a house before? No. Okay. So, none of us know. But we've all seen it. They got to get the materials there first before they build. Now, the materials are knowledge. But wisdom is actually putting those materials and making it a reality of them. Praise God. Doing something with the knowledge. Hallelujah. So wisdom to it's easy to talk about the word but it's difficult to put it in place in your life. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. In other words, it's more challenging what when a decision comes up when a fork in the road comes forth. Do I move to Indiana or not? Right. I just Okay. Uh do I go to college or not? You know, okay. Now, well, wow. Now I need the wisdom of God because I have I mean God could bless. We have all these scriptures. God could bless either way. But what does God want to be done? And so that's where you got to seek God and God will lead you in one path or the other. And then the results looking back later will say, "Oh yes, praise the Lord. I'm so thankful I did that. Praise God. God gave me the wisdom at the right time." Wisdom builds the house. Wii wisdom builds the testimony. Our testimony because I'm talking about your house, my house, our spiritual house, our spiritual testimony. Okay? And then the wise man builds it on a rock. Uh, go ahead, brother Claude. Matthew 7:24. All right, let's say praise the Lord, can we? Praise the Lord. So, a wise man builds his house on the rock. So, of course, rock is a revelation. Jesus told Peter, upon this rock, on this revelation, I'll build my church and the gates of hell cannot prevail against it. It also applies to wisdom, right? So, revelation and wisdom are very closely connected. Praise God. Because wisdom builds the house, right? Hallelujah. And our testimony is founded on the rock of the revelation of the word. So, they're very closely uh connected there by God's grace. Now, one time I went um I think I have two examples in my book. One time a pastor called me up and said, 'Brother Jesse, he said, 'This other uh brother has come in here and he's criticizing me about my children, what events I allow my children to be involved in, and he's calling me a bad father and all these things. And he he wasn't asking for my wisdom, right? But uh and it's a gift. It's not mine, it's God's anyway. And on the phone, I just studied wisdom. And I just studied uh what you allow your children to do. And in that in that moment in the phone call, I just felt the anointing of the Holy Spirit come. And I gave him all these quotes from Brother Brandham about how you can have hobbies, right? As long as they don't interrupt with going to church. So I basically said, "Yes, allow your children all these things. Make sure these extracurriculars are not sinful." So like for us, we wouldn't allow our our daughters to go into a a sport where they got to wear pants, right? or he wouldn't allow uh my son to go into a martial art if it caused him to miss church. Right? And so I went through all these examples brother Brandham gave and he closed he closed the call by saying, "Brother, you just gave me a word of wisdom. I'm not under condemnation anymore." And friends, I didn't get on the phone call to give him a word of wisdom. I just got on the phone call because I loved him. I don't do a lot of phone calls. I got nine kids. I work a full-time job. But that was one time where the brother said, "You just gave me a word of wisdom." See, it allowed him now to act upon what he knew and to escape the condemnation of the devil. Praise God. The second one was I went to a a church one time and I preached on diligence. Peter said twice, "Be diligent to make your calling election sure in second Peter chapter 1." Okay? And I was showing all the investments of preachers, you know, we got to invest. If you have a one talent gift, invest in that one talent gift and make it two. If you've got a two talent gift, invest in that. Keep doing keep investing. If you don't invest, you're going to lose out on rewards. Now, church, I'm just going to share a simple example. Shame on me. But I've started two 403b accounts and I've stopped investing on both of them. Now, they're they're both they're they're both getting getting dividends, but not as much as they could be if I didn't stop giving on them. So, I'm telling all myself here now. And some of them, I mean, the stock market's doing good now, of course, but you know, it's a it's a long-term investment. I'm still getting some investment, but uh I'm not getting what I could, but that's natural. I want to make sure more than that money, I want to invest in my spiritual gift. Hallelujah. Because the rewards of that are tremendous. Jesus said, if you invest in a five talent gift and make a 10, you'll be ruler over 10 cities. Hallelujah. So church, make sure you're ruling over your gift. Dedicate it fully to God. In other words, rule over your life. Give your life fully to Jesus Christ. Amen. I told Malachi this before, but one of the most things I'm thankful for, Simon said it, too, is that he always comes to church and plays and he offers his gift to God. He never complains. He never says, "Dad, I don't want to lead songs. Dad, I don't want to play piano tonight." And for that, I'm eternally grateful. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because he could say, "No, Dad, no." I'm like, "Yes, you are, son. I would do that." He like, he knocked me down. He's so big and strong. But that's what I appreciate is that he's just willing to serve. And Lydia, same thing for Lydia. I can say the same thing. She never said, "Dad, I'm not I don't want to play the organ. I don't want to play that." She's always just submitted. So God richly blessed them. But but each one of us, if it's not music, you got to find your gift and dedicate yourself to God. Hallelujah. As brother said, some of your gifts are prayer and fasting for healing. That's the hardest one, church. Well, I say one of the hardest because it's all alone. Musicians, they get some type of a of a recognition, right? Even preachers, preachers get some public recognition, but there's really no public recognition for those who pray and fast. So, I believe God has a great reward. Jesus said, "If you pray in secret, I reward you openly." So, for healing, some people are called just to pray and fast. Like Jesus said, pray, give alms, fast. That might be your gift. You can just go longer with food than other people, but you're supposed to be because of that ability, you got to turn down meals, right? And your food has to be the word of God. Hallelujah. I've heard about people fasting for days, weeks. I uh remember Oh, yeah. One of the brothers, I didn't I didn't say it publicly. I didn't say the name publicly, but he said uh he was working his way up to fast seven days in a row with no food, just water. I'm sure you've heard of stories of people going longer. Well, I I've never met any of those people. So, the longest I've ever met is seven week or seven days. And I thought, wow, that's very admirable. That brother is able to do that in order to consecrate himself unto God. Not everybody's called to do that. Like Paul said, not all are prophets. Not all are pastors. Not all speak in tongues. Not all prophesy. Not not not all are evangelists. And the church said, "Not everybody's called to fast. But those who are, you should know it. You should have that ability. That's how you know you can do it because you can do it. Praise God. That's how you know you got the gift because you can fast longer than other people. And the way you know you have wisdom. God will give you something like I and Oh, yeah. And the other one. Yeah. I didn't ever finish that. I told the I didn't know in the church was sitting a brother on the front row who was about ready to quit preaching. He he he had he had prayed that morning before service. He said, "I'm done preaching. I'm just quitting. when I come in there and preach on you must be diligent. Don't stop preaching. Whatever gift you have, stay faithful. God will honor you. And he come up to the altar crying at the end of the service. He said, I was just ready to quit. But you gave me a word of wisdom. That's what he said. Not what I said. He said, "You gave me the word of wisdom to keep investing." And now church, I know this brother, he gets more invitations now to preach than ever before. But the devil tried to discourage him. You don't get any invitations. You're not preaching very much. And so the devil tried to convince him to give up. Church, don't give up on God. And now he's got more invitations than ever before. But you know, it's not all about invitations. It what it is, it's times and seasons. It's accepting God's will for your life in every season of life. Amen. Hallelujah. Just like let's go back to Mother's Day for a moment. How many read the Proverbs 31 on Mother's Day? Well, which one of you mothers are looking at fields and investing in in real estate right now while you're raising your children? Most of you aren't, but there could be a day where you could do that. Hallelujah. Like you, there's a time and season for everything in life. Praise God. But the devil the devil might try to uh discourage a mother. Well, see, you haven't bought any lands and you're not making your own clothes, and you don't cook all organic food all the time, so you're under condemnation. Tell the devil, "Get behind me, Satan." Amen. I'm doing the best I can in my season of life. And the church said, "Hallelujah." Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. You got to recognize which season you're of life that you're in and use the wisdom of God for that time and season. Hallelujah. So when someone gives you the right advice at the right time and you see the results of it, it hits perfectly. That's a gift of wisdom. Brother Ram said the first gift is the gift of wisdom. That is the best gift. Let's say best gift. Ready? Best gift. Really? Brother Ram said it's the best because it's first and it lines up with Proverbs, right? So brother Ram gives us Biblebased thoughts, right? Wisdom is the principal thing. The Bible says with all you're getting, get wisdom. It didn't say get miracles. Don't get miracles with all you're getting. Get wisdom with all you're getting. Now, how many people want wisdom? Praise God. We do, but there's very few people that want it. They'd rather have miracles, signs, uh, big crowds, you know, popularity. They'd rather have all that. I'd rather have wisdom because I want the what the Bible says. Praise God. And I'll be happy that way. Hallelujah. Amen. Like I was telling a brother uh yesterday, the Bible said, "Happy is the man whose quiver is full of children." I got nine children. My quiver is getting pretty full by God's grace. So if anybody ought to be happy here, it ought to be me. Praise God. I got nine. I'm very thankful for all nine of them by God's grace. And if we don't have wisdom, we know won't know how to use knowledge, which is the second gift. See, we study, we study the Bible, pray, pray, search, search the Bible. But if we don't have wisdom, we won't know what to do with the word. That's why wisdom is the principal gift like proverbs says. Second one is knowledge. Now this means understanding. So some people have a gift to understand the word right? They have a gift of knowledge and this can be a female too. Now she's not to preach with this publicly but she's to use it in fellowship and talking with other people, right? Because remember women now that's why it's hard for some men when women have gifts of knowledge and understanding. It's hard for some men because they feel like the woman's trying to take authority. Well, she's not as long as she's doing in a humble setting outside of the pulpit. Hallelujah. That's right. It's kind of like when Sarah Sarah told Abraham, "We ought to uh we ought to send Hagar away, right?" And Abraham's like, "Well, I don't know about that. Let me go to God myself." Right? And he went to God. What' God say? Yes. hearken unto Sarah. See, that's the gift of that that's a gift of knowledge and wisdom there. Maybe in Sarah's life. Somehow God had put a revelation in Sarah's heart. Knowledge. And she said,"Abraham, let's do this." Abraham goes to God. Yes. Do what? Do what Sarah said by God's grace. See, that's not Sarah up there preaching and Sarah taking a text and say, "Let me rightly divide this to you, Abraham." That's not what it was. You never see that in the Bible. Hallelujah. Glory. And notice this is a deep understanding. So men and women can have a deep understanding of God's word which go to the more advanced. See, I don't want to be a I don't want to be a uh a kindergarten Christian. I'll say like that. I want to be a mature Christian. Hallelujah. I want to be an advanced Christian. church. How many Christians today are in spiritual kindergarten? They don't know their ABCs. Always believe Christ. They'll take a creed. They'll take a a tradition of man uh they'll take a popular preacher's word above the word of Christ. That's right. Like a woman preacher or something like that, right? They'll take the they'll take some tradition above the word of God. It shows they don't have any knowledge of God. They How could they? How could they? They're rejecting the knowledge of God. That's right. So, uh, let's go to Luke 1. Get some. Brother Austin, you got the Bible there, brother? Okay. Lena, you got a Bible? Sister Z, you got a Bible? Oh, yeah. There you go. Uh, Brother Austin, why don't you get Luke 177? Lena, do you want to get Luke 11:52? And Sister Z, you want to get Colossians 1:9? And then why don't we do uh uh who's back there? Nature, you want to get uh 2 Peter 2:20? We're not going to get through all I can tell we're not going to get through all nine gifts today by God's grace. Okay, we'll just get as far as we can by the grace of the Lord. How many enjoying the word today? Hallelujah. I'm enjoying the word. I'm enjoying the worship and prayer. Hallelujah. Another word for knowledge. I'm sorry. Yeah. Is a key. It's a key of knowledge. That's according to the Lord Jesus. Okay. So, let's start there with brother Austin. Ready? Austin. Uh Luke 177. Amen. So, see, we need knowledge. So, word of knowledge. will somebody may have a word of knowledge and this is what I would say someone who's we call like a witnessing machine they'll get people saved just by sharing the gospel they got a gift of knowledge right knowledge unto salvation hallelujah so we see that like in brother Simon's life Austin is witnesses a lot as well when God opens up that door we we can't do it ourselves we got to wait on God right there just that knowledge to get try to get some people saved and the right water baptism and repent of their sins and uh the the understanding on repentance. Praise God. All right, Sister Lena. Uh Luke 11:52. I think this is the key here. Yes. Amen. And the church said, "Amen." So Jesus said, "There's such a thing as a key of knowledge that will allow you to enter in into salvation." So someone think about that brother since Benjamin came around with a key and gave you a key for salvation didn't he? He's like go talk to brother Jesse and go go go to the church right a key. He he gave you understanding to come into the to open the door so you could get saved. See church. So think about the person who won you to the Lord. God gave them a key of knowledge so you could enter into salvation. Praise God. They had some understanding that they gave you. Well, this is why here and this is what you need to do. You could get saved. Hallelujah. A key of knowledge. Praise God. Oh, now I understand. So for me, it was Simon's coming to me. Brother Jesse, you got to listen to serpent seed. And then it was water baptism. Then I was like, I got to memorize Acts 2:38. It's not baptism in titles, father, son, holy ghost. It's baptism in the name of the father, son, holy ghost, which is the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Understanding, knowledge. Oh, now I know. Praise God. And every time in the book of Acts, they're baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, Lord Jesus, Jesus Christ. It's it's all the same there. It's unlocking the mystery of who God is. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Now, Colossians 1:9, sisters, there you got that. Excellent. Excellent. knowledge of his will and spiritual revelation. So see, knowledge, a gift of knowledge will allow you to get some revelation of the word of God. It'll open a door. You can get saved. And for me, it as I told you one testimony of mine. Uh it gave me the knowledge to overcome the addiction to tobacco that I was under. Okay. So let let me let's review again my key. I shared it with Austin. Uh go to if you got your Bible, go to 1 Corinthians 6:12. That was my key of knowledge. This is just my humble testimony. I didn't even know I was addicted to smoking and chewing tobacco as a Christian. And I didn't even know I could be free. I didn't even have the knowledge I could be free. And how many people are addicted to porn or gossip or bitterness or some other lust of the eyes, lust of flesh, addicted to money, and they don't even know they can be free. What do they need? A gift of knowledge. Praise God. They need you and I to come around and say, "You can be free. Let me give you some understanding that'll open a door for you." Praise God. Amen. That's right. So, my key for my deliverance from tobacco was 1 Corinthians 6:12. Let's all read that. Ready? 1 2 3. All things are lawful unto me, but all things are not expedient. All things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of any. So, once I read that, I'm like, "Oh my goodness, I'm under the power of this plastic tin of tobacco. this this plastic little tin has power over me or this pack of cigarettes and now they're almost $11 per pack. This pack of cigarettes is p how is this more powerful than me? And what it did it unlocked their door like oh my that's not more powerful than me. I'm more powerful than that because it's not my power. It's the power of Jesus. Praise God. So I keep I keep quoting the word of God. keep believing. And that scripture unlocked the door of my deliverance. And church, if you're chained up or if you're addicted or got something you can't get over, keep looking for the right key. Hallelujah. The key is the word. Hallelujah. And the truth, the key of the word shall set you free. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. Glory. And so, see, that key of knowledge will help you escape sin. I think I'm over to nature. Nature, you got second Peter 2:20. And the church said, see knowledge, you escape the corruption of the world through the knowledge of the word of God. Hallelujah. So anytime somebody gives you a word now, a scripture or something that unlocks some mystery to you and now you can understand it because that's what knowledge means, understanding and a deep understanding. Now what God has just used a word of knowledge. Hallelujah. And this I think this one is uh underappreciated in the body of Christ. Everybody appreciates prophecies, miracles, tongues, interpretation. Everybody appreciates them. But I feel I feel this is underappreciated. But let me tell you today, I appreciate it because the door has been open to me. I'm not a slave anymore. I'm a free man. Hallelujah. Glory. And if anybody's ever been saved, you ought to be thankful for this gift as well because somebody gave you knowledge unto salvation. Praise God. Amen. Now, I want to drop into this. This is for people that study the ministry of brother Brandham. Brother Brandham kind of used uh he he kind of used gift of knowledge in two different ways. One way is the way I'm using it, which is this quote. But another way he used gift of knowledge, he kind of used that interchangeably with gift of discernment, which is the judging of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Okay? And so I just want you to know that. So if you go if you go type in gift of knowledge to search brother's quotes after you've read the Bible and the church said read the Bible first, right? And then take everything, brother when you read brother Bam, take everything, make sure it goes back to the Bible. Hallelujah. That's you you'll find there's there's like 12 there maybe 12 or more. I looked this morning. I think it was 12. I can't remember the exact number, but there's like 12 hits where brother says God has given me a gift of knowledge to know the secrets. But then later he talks about gift of knowledge being something else. Like look like he says like an attorney who studies the books to present your case before the judge which is what which is what we're talking about. It's the studying of the word for a key that allows you to unlock freedom from the judge. Right? To set you free from the courthouse. Hallelujah. See what he's talking about. You got to study the books. Study the word to get knowledge. Understand the word. And then it'll set you free. Praise God. That's right. Okay. So, let let's read the quote. Here's where brother Bam says in 1957. A prophet is also a gift of knowledge. Okay. So, now he's gonna he's going to this is where he mixes them. An knowledge is like an attorney who studies the books. I tell you church, if you ever been involved in a court situation, you're thankful the lawyer has studied the books. Somebody's ever threatened to sue you or you ever went to court, you're thankful when your attorney knows the books, right? Because you don't want to be guilty. You don't want to be fined. You don't want to you don't want that on your record, right? And so that's like a gift of knowledge. You understand the word so much so you don't get trapped in something. You can escape through the opening of the door. Yes. And when you go to hire an attorney to plead your case, he's only talking what he knows or taking what he knows. And you're paying him for what he knows to present your case before the judge. Now, a gift of knowledge in the Bible is prophecy. So, here's where he's mixing them. Which goes up and finds out these things that are to come and brings them back down. But they must compare with the Bible with the book. If they're out of the book, then they're not received because the judge judges by the book. You see it? So it must be on the word. Hallelujah. Amen. Okay. Now, so here here's what I want to say here. Here here's and here's another example in 57. So now this is my opinion, church. I'm always I'm always going to try to tell you when it's my opinion where I could be wrong versus where I really believe it's right and I believe it's the absolute truth of the word. Okay? So this is my opinion. I believe brother Ram grew in his understanding between a gift of knowledge and a gift of discernment. Okay? Because he because here here's where he says, "A prophet is a gift of knowledge." Now, he just said it in the previous quote, too. I don't claim to be a prophet. How might I do it on time? Okay, 45 minutes. Praise God. I'm just his servant. I ain't no prophet. Now, but see, when the anointing when the angel would come, then he would say, "I am God's prophet." Hallelujah. So, brother was always so humble. He say, "I'm not a prophet." But when the angel come then the that would give him the anointing to say I am God's prophet. Hallelujah. But I'm just his servant gift of knowledge or whatever you wish to call it. It's God's gift. By grace he gave it because I had no merits to come from. Now I need some readers. So uh Caris got your Bible. Virtue got uh sorry Victoria got a Bible. Virtue got one. Okay. Uh Caris John 4:18 and 19. And then uh Victoria, Hebrews 4:12. I'll try to go an hour today. Does that sound okay to everybody by God's grace? I know people uh uh I I don't want to wear you out is what I want to say. I don't want to wear anybody out and I appreciate our visitors. And so usually I preach an hour and a half saints. So just bear with me. I get all this love and this anointing. I just can't get out of it, you know? I just I just want to stay here and pray all day. Praise the Lord. Uh brother says it's like heavenly places. you when you get in it, you don't want to leave it by God's grace. But I'm hoping this will produce more gifts in our lives and for us to know which gifts we do have in our lives. Amen. And again, I believe, you know, Austin and I have been texting about this. I believe it was very timely. He's starting to see some gifts in his life as well. Praise God. Yeah. But but now I believe Brother Bam grew in his understanding. He doesn't teach gift of knowledge as a prophet later in his ministry. Uh you won't find those quotes later in the ministry. It's earlier in the ministry. And because a prophet is a discerner of the thoughts intents of the heart. Okay? Now we see that in John 4:18 and 19. So Caris, you got it for us? Amen. And the church said, "Amen." Jesus discerns, judges her life, her spirits, and says, "Yeah, you're right. You that that man you're living with now, he's not your husband. You've had five before. And the one you're living with now isn't." And what did she say? Prophet. So, see, a prophet has the gift of discernment to judge the thoughts and intents of her heart. She was thinking, "Oh, that's she's thinking, well, I can answer that. I don't have a husband." But then Jesus told the secret, "You've had five." Hallelujah. Now, that's by vision, right? Jesus said, "The Father shows me everything that I do." Right? Hallelujah. Now, uh, Victoria, Hebrews 4:12 All right. And the church said, "Now, what does the word do?" The word divides the three parts of your being. The word will be able to separate. Is this a thing in your body? Is this a problem in your body? Is this in your flesh? Or is this in your spirit, your mind, or is this in your soul? The word of God can tell you the difference. I need to find the quote. So, help me out saints this week. If you find the quote, "Brother Brandon one time had a a girl uh had a lot of uh who was paralyzed and the parents were like, "Cast a demon out. Cast a demon out." And the Lord showed her showed him in a vision, it wasn't a demon. It was she fell off a wagon and her vertebrae was out of joint, out of place. And so, Brother Ram told the father, adjust her go basically like chiropractor. Brother Ram said, "It's not a devil. See, it's it's a discerner." Amen. Brother saw it's not a spiritual problem. It's in the body. Hallelujah. Amen. And so the dad adjusted her. And then as soon as she did that, she's able to up walk again. Right? Hallelujah. Because that's what a prophet can do. A prophet can judge between the flesh, the spirit, and the soul. There's another example from years ago. You probably don't remember. Brother Tim Hatton. He's a pastor in North Carolina. He came to church and he told this awesome testimony. He said, "I had this pain and I could hardly walk and this pain in my foot and I kept cursing the, you know, I'm sorry, not curse. I kept rebuking the devil and and I had every preacher pray for me and it never got better." He said, "One day I was fellowshipping with this couple at my house with the kids around and he told his friend about it and his friend's like, "Yeah, take a seat. Let me let me look at your your your ankle." And he did something with the ankle and the foot just twisted it and the bones went right back in place. And he's like, he said he felt a wave of healing come over his entire body. And he said, "Oh, I got up and I'm I'm healed in Jesus name." But he tried to he thought it was a spiritual problem, right? Rebuking it. Rebuke. It wasn't a spiritual problem. It's a physical problem. But see, a prophet knows the difference. Praise God. That's why brother Ram said when people would come in the prayer line, Brother Ram would say, "Oh, you have a welcoming spirit on you. You're a real Christian." Right? He could sense that. That that means there was a Holy Spirit in the soul. Right? Right? And then he come to people and say, "Oh, you want healing, but you're not a Christian yet." Hallelujah. He said, "If you want God to heal you or do something, you first must repent and become a Christian." And then he would go in their minds. And and she would and the w the woman would say, "I have all this depression. I have all this anxiety." And then brother said, "Wait, I see a vision. You're a little child and you're being chased by a dog." And that's this fear that started what was that? A human spirit. Hallelujah. So you you and I can expect the same thing today. Hallelujah. By the word of God. The word of God will discern something in our bodies, in our spirits, and our souls. Amen. But the most important thing is make sure you have the Holy Ghost in your soul. Hallelujah. Make sure you have eternal life. Praise God. All right, I'm at 51 minutes here. Let's we'll finish with faith. Hallelujah. Faith. Faith. Let's finish with faith. So wisdom. Hallelujah. Knowledge. Gift of faith. Now this is what operated in our sister Naomi's life. That's according to my understanding of it. Okay. So in the Greek, faith means a conviction of anything or any belief. You just have this strong conviction. You've got faith. God's going to do something. Lydia, uh, Hebrews, no, I'm sorry. Virtue. Hebrews 11:1. Lydia, Matthew 17:20. That'll be the end of that one here by God's grace. End of today's service. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. All glory to God today. So faith is a conviction. And what does that mean according to the Bible? It means the anointing of God has come into your heart and you've got a substance. Let's say substance. Ready? Sub. You just got something in your spirit or mind. You have a substance here that knows. because you're convicted God's going to do something. That's the gift of faith. Like, brother Austin, I know God's going to move for you. Or sister Lena, I know God's going to do this. I really believe. That's a gift of faith. Hallelujah. Now, faith and uh prophecy sometimes overlap. There's a little bit of overlap there. But with prophecy, it'll always say in the name of the Lord. That's how you know. But a faith is just like, I know it's going to happen. Don't doubt, right? Because a prophecy can't fail, right? A real prophecy from God can't fail. Hallelujah. Oh, now we'll get into Brother Bam said the devil likes to try to trick us. So, we'll get into that maybe Wednesday night by God's grace. Satan will try to trick us. Is this the gift of God or not? And so, the way to know, wait on the Lord. He'll renew your strength. Right? The Bible said, "Wait on your ministry." Amen. Ro Romans chapter 12. Hallelujah. If you got a ministry, if you think God's calling you to minister and you're not sure, you better wait on that. Praise God. Just wait on it. Give it some time. Let things play out. Let God work things out. And wait till you're sure it's God. All right. Uh virtue. Hebrews 11:1. All right. And the church said the substance of things hoped for. It's the evidence of things not seen. What evidence do you have? Like I could have asked this me. What evidence do you have that that the the baby's going to be in the right position before we get to the doctor? What evidence do you have? Faith. That's my evidence, right? That that that's as simple as it is, right? And that's just a recent example of faith. Or like when I prayed for uh Zur and Vang's uh dad, I I said, "He's coming out of there. He's going to be completely well." Right? That's what I told brother Amen on the phone. Said, "He's coming out in the name of Jesus Christ. He's going to be completely well. Hallelujah. That's faith. How do I know? I don't know. I just prayed it. I just believe it. Hallelujah. It's a conviction. It's a substance that's entered into your heart. Hallelujah. Now, so faith is an inner substance and it's the evidence or proof that God's will is going to move a mountain and it makes all things possible. Amen. Matthew 17:20, uh, Lydia, hallelujah. The church said, brother Araham said, that's the gift of faith. They believe that they're going to receive what they asked for. Hallelujah. So, think about that, church. Has there ever been ever been a time you just prayed and you believed it was going to happen and then it happened? That's the gift of faith, right? It moves the mountain, right? You believe, you speak God's word. It's not your word. You and I have no power of our own, but it's God's word that you speak and God's word starts moving the mountain. Sometimes it's one stone at a time. Amen. Sometimes God picks up the whole mountain and moves it. Praise God. Hallelujah. It all depends on the testimony. It all depends on God's leadership in our lives, right? And that one when remember brother Brian Hawkins was here, that's the one that's uh uh fresh on my mind. We were at that meeting, Lydia was there and we're down there in the basement there years ago, must have been 2018 or 2019. And he said, "Brother Jesse, I got to have a double hip replacement." I'm like, "Brother, you're 45 years old. what do you need a double hip replacement for? And he's like, "Well, I've got degeneration in my hips." The doctors say, "You can never you can never get an improvement of degeneration of nerves." And something came over me. I'm like, "We need to speak the word of God." So I said, "Go get your pastor, brother Brian." He goes, "Get Brother Jim." I said, "Brother Brian, have you confessed all your sins?" He said, "Yes, yes, sir." I said, "Do you believe God can do it?" And this is right after the This is Yeah. 20 2020. I think this is 2020 right after uh uh Sister Zur's dad came out of the hospital. Yeah. Because I had that fresh on my heart. It must have been that fall or that summer. I was like, "Wow, God just moved uh uh for for uh Zur's dad, Vang's dad." I said, "Let's speak the word." So I I said, "Okay, let's pray." And so I said, "I speak to those hips." I remember praying. We're crying. I said, "I speak to those hips in the name of Jesus Christ. I speak life into them." and church, life don't come back into g degenerating hips. That's not how it op operates. But God operates differently. Hallelujah. Amen. And we prayed and I said, I speak to the mountain of that degeneration and I command it to move in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. That was Saturday night. Uh I was in the garden Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday. I was four days later. I'm in the garden. I got brother Brandon on. I'm listening to my present stage of my ministry or known my new ministry of brother Brandham. And I get a text from brother Brian. He said, 'I just got back from the doctor. The doctor said, "I don't know how your hips heal themselves, but you don't need a hip replacement anymore." He said, "Whatever you're doing, keep doing it." And I said, "Praise the Lord." Amen. God can heal hips. God can do anything. All things are possible when God gives us faith. Hallelujah. Amen. Every mountain can move by the power of Jesus Christ. Amen. See, I spoke to the mountain, but it wasn't I didn't premeditate it. I in that moment, I was just shocked like, "Oh, brother, you don't have to have a double hip replacement. You're 45." And he just turned 50, right? So, yeah, it would have been five years ago. Yeah. 2020. There you go. Praise God. And just in that moment, I'm like, "Brother, we saw this with uh Vang's dad. Let's just speak the word of God." And God heard it. Praise God. How many know God's faithful? Praise God. All right. Now closing. Faith is a gift of itself. You may have a portion of it, but there is a gift of faith. Now here's here's what brother's saying. Everybody needs faith to be saved, right? And it's a gift of God. It's not your faith. It's God's God's faith. So everybody has this gift, but a gift of faith in the nine gifts is something different. It's faith to speak to the mountains. Amen. Like Jesus said, if you have faith the size of a little mustard seed and don't doubt, that mountain will move in the name of Jesus Christ. You see, there's another measure of it. Hey, just like some of you people anoint the sick and pray for them. You have a result. That isn't a gift of healing. That's a portion of faith. But that isn't a direct gift of healing. For there's only one direct gift of healing. There's only one direct gift of faith. There's only one direct gift of miracles and so forth. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. How many more I got? Let's see. That's a lot. But it should shouldn't be too bad. I'll just hit the highlights. Brother Abraham said there's no people can I'm sorry. People who claim to have gifts of healing, gifts of healing don't mean you heal people. It only means you have faith in the word of God. Yeah. We no human can heal. Only Christ can heal. But Christ gives us the faith to believe that that that that person will receive it. Oh yeah, here's here's one. Yeah, here here's our brother says, "Yeah, David, he said said Jesse's got a son, David, back out there." Yeah, he's a divine healer. Sure he was healed by music. So what should Malachi and Lydia, what should their desire be to heal people through music? Austin, when Austin sees the song special, their desire should be, I I trust, Lord, you're going to heal somebody through this song. And church, it might just mean healed to get their joy back. They're so depressed or discouraged, but that song will return. They'll say, "Oh, God, forgive me of my depression. Forgive me of being discouraged. Now the joy of the Lord has returned. I'm healed." Hallelujah. I'm already getting the gift of healing. Praise God. That's for later on. That's what he did. He had a gift of casting out evil spirits. The Holy Ghost hadn't come in those days in the soul, right? Like John chapter 7 says, "So he cast him out by music, playing the words of the Lord. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadeth me beside still waters. And it disturbed the evil spirits so much that they left Saul. Why? I hope there's my hour. I hope that happens today. I hope if you're battling evil spirits, they'll get so disturbed by the sweetness of the spirit of Jesus Christ that the evil spirits could leave you. Amen. Hallelujah. You don't have to live with evil spirits. Praise God. You can be free from evil spirits by the power of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. Let's do that song. Heal me, O Lord, and I'll be healed. Save me and I'll be saved. Hallelujah. God's word is true. God's word can never fail. We're standing on holy ground. Praise God. When the gifts of God operate, God gets all the glory. Hallelujah. And church, Jesus is here to set us to set all of us free. Praise God. We don't have to remain in sin and uh discouragement, as I said, depression or uh addiction. You don't have to remain in that. The gifts of God will give you understanding to open the door to your deliverance. There's one salvation where your soul's saved, but you might need saved or delivered numerous times in your life. And the church said, "Brother Brandham needed uh delivered from a lying spirit." Brother Random needed deliverance from a critical spirit, a prideful spirit. Hallelujah. Did he get it, church? Yes. If brother Random got deliverance, you and I can all get deliverance. We don't have to remain addicted to sin or trapped in a situation where we can't get out. The gifts of God. Brother Ram said, keep the church clean. How many want to live a clean life before God? That's what I want more than anything else, to live a clean life. I don't want to compromise with sin. I want to overcome sin. Hallelujah. by the blood of Jesus Christ, by the spirit of the living God. Let's bow our heads. Father God in heaven, we love you today, Lord God. It's been such a joy to pray, to worship, to dedicate this precious child, Levi, to hear the word of God. Faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the word of God. Lord, we're grateful for the scripture, Lord God, and you sending your prophet to point us back to the word of God. Gets us out of the denominational messes, Lord, that people get into, Lord God. Sets us free in Christ. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord God, for setting me free, Lord. I'm a witness. There's witnesses here today who've been set free by the power of the Holy Ghost, Lord God. So Lord, as you determine, just use the gifts. Lord, if you want to move today, Lord God, to set your people free. Maybe open a door of deliverance through a word of knowledge or give that timely advice on actions people need to take soon to give a word of wisdom, Lord, to their hearts or a gift of faith where someone believes the word of God and believes it'll come to pass. Father, we never want to try to impersonate a gift when your prophet said, "Lord, the skies are full of all the Pentecostal blessings." Hallelujah, Jesus. Thank you, Lord God. And Lord, you brought these few testimonies to my mind, my my remembrance, Lord God. I'm thankful, Lord God, you healed brother Brian, Lord God. He can preach today, Lord. Now he's an associate pastor, Lord, without amputated hips, Lord God. Thank you, Jesus, that he comes evangelized to us, Lord God. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord. Thank you for keeping the brother preaching. He was going to quit, Lord God. Now he's busier than ever. Thank you for delivering the brother from condemnation, Lord God, through the words of wisdom. They're your words, Lord, not mine. This is just how we see them, Lord. Thanks for anointing that 80-year-old midwife, Lord, with the word of wisdom. Father keeps us clean, keeps us in your will, Lord. May faith be a substance in every heart today, Lord. And if we need deliverance, I pray we'll receive it today through the word of God. Bless your people, Lord. May we be more consecrated to be used of gifts of God. Lord, you can use from the youngest to the oldest here, Lord. You can use whoever you want to use, Lord. raise our faith today, Lord God, I pray. Help us to be mindful of the Holy Spirit, the presence of God in our midst today. We thank you for these blessings.
