################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-28 - (8-27-25) God Hiding Himself in Simplicity,  Part 3 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-28
Title:    (8-27-25) God Hiding Himself in Simplicity,  Part 3 - Jesse Smith
Speaker:  Jesse Smith
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 53m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLGkQERoVHM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Praise the Lord. Matthew 11:25 and 26. Preach for about hopefully about 40 minutes here by God's grace. Hallelujah. Thank you for the kind words about Sunday service. You know, I think that's when I'm the happiest is when I can finally yield to God and and God can speak to somebody through the service. So, that means a lot. Thank you to those people who shared how much the service meant. That meant a lot to me, too. And again, to see our Catholic friend there, just the way he was touched. Yesterday I was trying to get to my workout, right? And he just start kept talking to me for about 30 minutes. I'm like, when am I gonna get to my workout? I was like, just testify, brother. Just testify. He just had a wonderful time in the Lord. So, just keep him in prayer. He's 19, you know. And um he he asked me, Jesse, what about denominations, non-denomination? I said, brother, I said, you accept all the word of God that you know, and the Holy Ghost will guide you into all truth. I didn't feel led to bash Catholicism. Although I always bash the system, I never want to bash the people. &gt;&gt; That's what brother Ram taught us. And there, you know, there are times people can accept a rebuke, but he was telling me how people have rebuked him. So I was, I didn't feel the Lord to rebuke him right there. &gt;&gt; Um, but I said, "Brother," I said, you know, we differ. I'm not Catholic. I said, "But if you have the Holy Ghost, if you're into the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost will guide you into the truth you need to accept." And so I said, you just got to come to the spot with with every question. It's a chance. Am I going to let God take me deeper or am I going to stop right there? So just keep it in prayer or keep him in prayer. You know, I shouldn't say that. Let's just I'll try to remind you to pray for him. Okay. Hallelujah. I mean, so many people ask us to keep them in prayer. After a few weeks, I forget, right? U so we just try our best by God's grace to remember as the Holy Spirit will bring remembrance. Hallelujah. So Matthew 11, I'd like to speak on God hiding in himself in simplicity. Part three. Uh, part one was back in December of 2024 and part two was January 5th. I took about an eighth month long vacation from this series. I want to get back to it here by God's grace. So, Matthew 11:25 and 26. I've been studying off and on all these eight months. I've been going back to it, going back to waiting for the right time. Uh, so I hope this is a a timely sermon here by God's grace. This is one time where clearly uh you we can see Jesus thanking his heavenly father. Hallelujah. Just a nice expression of the emotions of Jesus, the uh the humanity of the Lord Jesus. We can see it here. We would say, well, what would Jesus thank God for? Of course, everything. But in this case, we get to see it. He thanks him because God has hid it from the eyes of the wise and prudent and reveal it unto babes. Imagine that. I thank God that God hid it from all those people that drove by our church tonight. Thank God. I mean, we we we would hope they'd come in, right? But Jesus, now we want some of them to come in, but Jesus, thanks God. Thank God it's hidden from them. And there's a people that's received the revelation. &gt;&gt; In other words, thankful for who has received it. Are you thankful you received the truth? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's one of the most things I'm thankful for. Hallelujah. So, let's read that together. Let's read this Psalm three. One, two, three. At that time Jesus answered and said,"I thank thee, oh Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes. Even so, Father, for it seemed good in thy sight." Did I say that wrong? It seemed good in thy sight. Amen. Let's have one more word of prayer. Father God, we thank you for tonight, Lord. Thank you for these songs. We're holding to your unchanging hand, Lord Jesus. Your nail scarred hand. we'd say spiritually we're holding on to it, Lord God, trusting in you, the living God. So Lord, just bless us here tonight in this short amount of time, Lord. We know you can do great things even in a short time. So bless us here. Give Malachi strength for tomorrow, Lord God, as he gets up so early. Give him strength, especially in the spiritual realm, Lord God, that he can overcome, Lord, the influences at work, Lord God. And Lord, refresh his mind and body. And Lord, for everyone else, Lord, uh the the children and the mothers, Lord, getting the children ready for school and the homeschooling, Lord, and Lord, just uh refresh the mothers, Lord God, with the little babies and and all the students that they can give their best for tomorrow as well, Lord God. And I'll need your help, too, heading back to the classroom tomorrow. So, Father, just uh touch each and every one, Lord God. We've all got work to do. We've all got things we got to get done. So, Lord, may we just put them in the right order, put you first, and Lord, everything else will be added unto us, Lord God. So bless us as we're gathered in your divine presence in Jesus Christ's name. And the saint said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated. Praise God. Let me just review real briefly. Uh so can you can you switch over? Hope this works here by God's grace. Since it's been eight months since I was preaching on this series, there's a song we sing. Maybe we'll sing at the end. Okay, brother Brandham, they wrote this song after hearing the sermons of brother Brandham and they said, "I just want to thank you." So I preach on recognizing your day and its message, serpent seed, perfect faith, all all these are sermons preach preached by brother Brandham. The breach between the church ages the seven seals, the message of grace, the coming of the Lord, the rapture mystery, and I've only taught or preached two sermons on this sermon. Brother Brandon preached God hiding himself in simplicity, then revealing himself in the same. I wanted you when you listen to this song to have an appreciation for this song. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now church, this is a six and a half hour sermon. Brother Rod, did you ever hear a six and a half hour sermon? &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, I do I do take that back. It's break broken up into two parts. One's three hours. He preached it, you know, the morning service. They took a break by 2 p.m. they were back in the service. So, quick lunch back. He's preaching from 2 to 5:30. Uh, but they put it, a lot of them put it on one tape. So, it's a six and a half hour long sermon. I've been listening to that off and on. The to me the highlight is the last hour where the Holy Spirit said, "Pick up your pen and write." And he goes writing about the bride and the word and about the Mount Zion showdown. Right? We've had the Mount Carmel showdown, uh the Mount Transfiguration showdown, and there's a Mount Zion showdown, Brother Ram says, which is the rapture. So, uh very good, uh Lord willing, we'll get to this these topics. Very good topics here by God's grace. Now, I'm preaching the sermon that brother Ram preached on Sunday, March 17th, the morning service. God hiding himself. That's the sermon I'm preaching right now. I already preached on the breach. Uh it was the week of the seven seals were revealed. This was a monumental week for brother Brandham. At the end of it, he says, "Thus sayeth the Lord." That's the interpretation of the seven seals. And we never heard a preacher say that before. Hallelujah. And we know it's right because there's no contradictions with any of these seals with the other word of God. Right? The same God that wrote all 66 books of the Bible had the same thought in there. There's no contradictions on any word in the Bible. Hallelujah. Oh, that's another thing Brendan asked me. He said, "I noticed you use King James all the time, Brother Jesse. Why do you use King James all the time?" So, I got to tell him just a little bit. I said, "I don't condemn people that use other Bibles, but if you really did the research, those all those other Bibles other than the King James are missing scriptures." And the book Cam gave me, it just looks at, brother uh Chris, just 257 verses. There's over 10,000 verses, but this man only looked at 257. And in most of the other translations, 50 to 60 to 70, 80, sometimes 90% of those verses are missing in the other versions. &gt;&gt; And what does the devil want to do? He wants to add or take away from God's word. &gt;&gt; And a Catholic boy just receive it like that. He's like, "Okay, all right. Glory. I just I was asking for the Holy Spirit for wisdom. You know, I don't want to condemn him. I want to I want to rebuke Satan. Hallelujah. I want to condemn Satan. I want to rebuke the system that people are under. But I need the wisdom of God. Brother Rod told me a good story that actually lines up with that story, brother, about gorgeous George, right? So, in the story, the the the Baptist preacher is with a uh an atheist. And I could and Rod could tell you way better than me. He can tell you after service. He'd tell way better. But to make a long story short, the uh the atheist kept waiting for the Baptist preacher to say something about God so he could punch him in the face. But the the Baptist preacher was so in accord with the Holy Ghost, he didn't mention God the entire time they're out golfing, &gt;&gt; which would 18 holes would have been about &gt;&gt; three or four hours to do 18 holes. And then the end he asked him, "Why didn't you mention it?" And then God used that. The atheist starts asking questions and he got saved in the parking lot. And brother Rod got his I got his autograph on the Bible he gave me. Amen. You heard his story. Amen. Beautiful testimony about you just got to be led of the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Wait. Jesus said it's like a living water springing up in you. Wait till God springs it up into you. Praise God. &gt;&gt; And church. Don't don't don't don't be discouraged. If you got nothing to say, then God didn't want you to say anything. But if you're led by the Holy Spirit, if you surrender to the Holy Spirit, then God will give you what to say in that hour. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All right. Now, I went through this uh and Brother Ram gave a prophecy about the seven seals uh in the name of the Lord. He talked about seeing this uh snow white pyramid and then the angel would meet him uh and he thought it was his death but he found out later that it was his uh commissioning a furthering of his ministry into the third phase of his ministry and that's the picture that was taken science can't explain it now people try to say it's a Thor rocket now but the scientists of that day most of them thought it was supernatural and then we have a scientist or I'm sorry a uh a man who works with water today he did six-hour presentation on how this has to be supernaturally formed. Praise God. So, you can either take the world's word or a man who spoke with thus sayith the Lord. I'll take the man who spoke with thus sayeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Because what he said came to pass with the seven seals. Praise God. But remember in the first part we looked at Brandham Tabernacle. This was uh before the 1963 renovation. Very small humble church. Uh 1963 March right before this. Right. Yeah. Right. Right after No, I'm sorry. Right before this sermon was preached, it had a 30% expansion to what it looks like now. So, it expanded 30% this way. I forget how many it seats. I think 300 or 400, I can't remember. Okay. Uh but but brother man talked about how uh a pastor is like a lily, right? He's got to open up his heart and and let the the the bees and the bugs, and I'm not calling you bugs. Amen. And I'm not calling myself a lily either. But you you come in and you let people &gt;&gt; get refreshed on what God has made real to you. And that's what Sunday was about. Praise God with brother uh Brendan being here. Okay. So I I'll that's all I had really as far as the review. But that's what we have to do. And that's all of us. All of us are supposed to be able to spend time with the Lord and then when we go out in the public, people are supposed to draw something off of us, &gt;&gt; right? Another the other example is fruits. You're supposed to produce fruits of the spirit. So when people need love, they can get some fresh love from you. &gt;&gt; When they get some longsuffering, you got it. when they need some patience, you got it as well. Amen. I heard a little kindergarter say today, he was talking to his teacher. He said, "I used to be not patient, but now I'm patient." I thought, "Good." He's got a good understanding of the what what'll happen when he gets the fruits of the spirit. So, the first day of school, he was not patient, and today he's patient. I hope we can look at our lives, church, and say, "There was a time I wasn't very patient, but today I'm patient with God. &gt;&gt; The word has spoken to me. God's spirits revealed things to me. I can wait longer for God to move. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. So, in part one, uh we looked at uh again we looked at Bram Tabernacle. Brother Bram was astonished with the renovations um and church. Remember, he was so dedicated to his children going to public school. He he left them out in Arizona with his wife so he could come preach the seven seals. And his children missed the opening of the seven seals. So that shows you a few things. How much brother Ram regarded education, &gt;&gt; right? And then a second thing, he didn't really realize how great these services were going to be. So God showed up in an amazing way. But we see how he made sure his children got education. They could read, they could write, uh they could understand education. And so many people uh are against it today. And I understand you got to stay away from the woke nonsense. You got to stay away from that. Uh, but you got to also you can't leave your children without education. You can't just hope they get it. You got to teach them. &gt;&gt; It's it's work to learn. Hallelujah. It's work. And you got to you got to have a better balance. If you if you're not putting much into education, you got to have a better balance. Uh, and I I'll say it like this. Whatever God or whatever you put into it, God will bless whatever you put into those children. &gt;&gt; Now, look at me. I'm not a smart man, but I've written two books for the glory of God. I still get testimonies. Somebody wanted to order some pastor in Michigan wanted to order a bunch this week and I so he was thankful for that and I'm thankful you know here we are six years later people can still enjoy the book. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's still touching people still touching hearts. Hallelujah. And then uh brother Ram thank the people for their hard work and I gave you a virtual tour when uh brother William and I and Jose and Aaron went to Brandham Tabernacle. Praise God. I'd like to go back at sometime. I really want to take all my children there. I want them to see how humble brother Ram was. That's what I love about brother Bram. He was so humble. Praise God. And uh God kept the Brandham tabernacle from being burnt down. Remember that? And brother Ram said, "The beauty of the church is the character of the people." So listen church, we don't have a beautiful sanctuary. Now to me it is, but because I've been in some bad places. My wife has been in some bad churches. you know, just rundown small little tiny churches with water dripping through the ceiling and tile falling on the floor right before the service start. The tile falls on the floor. That's that's what I've been in. So, to me, this is not beautiful. The world wouldn't look in here and say, "This is beautiful." But when a Catholic walks in here, he says, "What a beautiful church you have." &gt;&gt; Because of how you treated him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, that tells me it doesn't matter. I mean, we want to keep it as clean as we can. We have to repaint here pretty soon at some point. is awesome. Get ready, buddy. He did a good painting out there. I need some painters. Uh, get some construction workers around here, right? Okay. But we want to keep it as nice as we can as we financially are able. But the real beauty is people who love Christ. &gt;&gt; That's the real beauty. &gt;&gt; Then part two, I spent most of my time on the character. And I got a lot of good feedback on that where brother man talks about unless we suffer with him, we'll never reign with him. We uh character uh I'm sorry. Yeah, power without character is satanic. Brother Ram says he makes that beautiful uh a beautiful quotation. But power with character is fit to rule. &gt;&gt; And that's what we're living for. We're living today to rule over the flesh, the devil, sin, and the world. &gt;&gt; But we're ruling over this in order to rule over the world in the millennium. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right. That that's part of our inheritance. Same rod. I love how Rod gave me that scripture about I might have to preach a sermon on that. Don't remove the landmarks because landmarks always mark your inheritance. If somebody moves it, you don't even realize you've lost your inheritance unless you go check the blueprint. Hallelujah. Or whatever it is. It's called the what would it wouldn't be the blueprint, but something like that. &gt;&gt; Survey. Yeah. The title deed or something like that. Something with the survey and the title deed. So, I like to get to that thought, too. But then we spent the rest of the time looking at that prophecy of the cloud. Uh because we believed it was Jesus fulfilling Revelation 10 1-7. He comes down a mighty angel clothed in a cloud. Hallelujah. So we believe that was the Lord Jesus visiting brother Brandham through seven angels to tell him to go back and preach the revelation of the seven seals. Now here we are uh now part three. This will be from uh I'm sorry some familiar but I'm just preaching again the highlights of what I've heard as I've heard brother Brandham preach this sermon now numerous times if you have your Bibles 1st Chronicles 16:25 Hunt um brother Brandham takes the next so he takes the first 30 minutes and he goes through what I went through now he takes the next hour and he does a a rededication of the church he re he reded re rededicates Brandham Tabernacle just with a prayer but he takes about 58 minutes. I wrote it down about 58 minutes to remind everybody how to treat the sanctuary. Okay, so 1 Corinthians 16:25, for great is the Lord and greatly to be praised. He also is to be feared above all gods. Of course, we know those are false gods, right? Hallelujah. Uh and then now the the the notice greatly to be praised. That's why we give God our best praise here. &gt;&gt; I don't want to fall asleep while I'm in the song service. I want to wake up and I I want my soul to say, "Wake up, body." Amen. Give God some praise. He's great. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He's worthy of my song. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And I ought to give God my best. Hallelujah. Now, I don't have to go crazy. I don't have to uh lose my voice every service. I don't have to have I don't have to clap so hard that I bleed like I used to back in 2012. I used to clap so hard that, you know, then, you know, I got L got to take care of Lydia's ears, you know, and all things. I I don't got to be all just all crazy with it, but I want to give God my best. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what we want. The the main verse though, again, as a review, is Psalms 89:7. If you pull that up, honey, honey, God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints, and to be had in reverence of all them that are about him. So, it's actually an Old Testament principle to show great reverence while you're in the house of God. Now, God's a God of reverence. God's also a God of love, humor, patience. That's why Brother Ram sometimes would make people laugh. I try to make people laugh sometimes to loosen you up. Um, but there's still it's it's it's humor in a reverent way. It's joy in a reverent way. Hallelujah. So, it's just a it's a different kind of humor, different kind of joy than we joke around maybe out in the parking lot or something like that. Uh, so God is greatly to be feared amongst us. Psalm 77:13. I guess I'll be starting with some verses, then I'll get into some quotes here. Uh some highlights here. Psalm 77:13, "Thy way, oh God, is in the sanctuary." If you want to know how to direct your life, you've come to the right spot. &gt;&gt; Amen. You're not going to find it out there. You get some good ideas out there, but you're going to find the way of of God for your life coming to church. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That that's thus sayith the scripture. Hallelujah. Now, who I think of I can think of somebody else who's the way. He's the way, the truth, and the life. Hallelujah. Amen. So, the spirit of Jesus Christ is here in the church, in the sanctuary, in the congregation. Hallelujah. To show you the way God wants you to live your life. &gt;&gt; You're not going to find it other places. Brother Ram said, "If you got the Holy Ghost," he said, "you can't wait till somebody opens those church doors." And most people got a key. And Naomi, I got your key out there. So don't don't leave before I give you the key. I think she's the only tide parrot that doesn't have a key. Hallelujah. I got it on Monday, I think, after work. I got that key. Hallelujah. Now, thy way is in the sanctuary. Who is so great a God as our God? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, Brother Ram says, "No buying and selling in the sanctuary." So, I don't really know any churches that do that. That must have been something happened around the 50s or 60s. I don't know anything about that. Uh, I've never seen buying and selling in the sanctuary. I guess I would imagine maybe preachers come and they try to sell their books. Maybe people used to do that. Is that what happened, brother? Did you ever see that? Okay. So, that's probably what brother's talking about. So, no buying and selling in the sanctuary. Of course, that's a scriptural uh principle because Jesus when he come to uh Herod's temple, right, uh he he he said, "My house is a house of prayer." Hallelujah. Not a den of thieves. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, if it takes you I I printed books. It takes to print a book. It's like, you know, if it's real thick, like my thick one, that might be a $6 book just to print it. So, now the thin ones, that might be a dollar to print that. Now, with inflation, maybe two. Okay? But anyways, the preachers get up there in the old days, I guess I'll say like this. Let's say it's a dollar to print it. And they'll sell, oh, just give a $40 donation. Now, you're stealing from God's people. What about the poor saints? And brother brother Ram's uh brother Ram's rule was this, brother Rod. If they don't have the money, give them the book anyway. Hallelujah. That's a man of God right there. Hallelujah. He told he he directed, you can hear it on tape. He directed it. If they don't have the money and they want a even a photo of the pillar of fire uh uh different pictures in brother's ministry, the Lord Jesus Hoffman's head at 30 uh or 33, he says, "Give it to them if they can't afford it." He said, "We're not here to make money. We're here to share the gospel. &gt;&gt; Amen. He said, "Freely I've received, freely give." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I've always said that, too. If people can't afford a book, I'll just email them the PDF. Right? Then they got it. &gt;&gt; Right. But if you can support the ministry, thank you for supporting it. But if you can't, we'll still send it. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, brother gets down here. He says, "Now, this may seem a little rude, but this is not a place to visit in here. And this is a reminder we need from time to time." Okay. Now, we do a really good job before service of not talking. Every now and then there's a a guest like Brendan. I was so shocked. Malachi helped surprise me with that one. And I just say, "Brother, thank you for coming." And you might and I I try not to do that. But if there's a guest, I I still want to greet them here in the sanctuary. I don't want to just grab their arm and pull them out and say, "Let me talk to you." You know, if it's their first time at church, I don't want to do that. You know, I don't want to grab Hey, come here, brother. I don't want to do that. But sometimes I feel like I just have to because we have a guest. Now, at the end of a service, I just want to remind you again, if there's people praying at the altar, let's leave and talk outside or you So, it's it's just something I I have to remind the saints, turn around and look and if there's anybody in their seat praying or bowing their head or they got their Bible, let's just try to leave as quick as we can &gt;&gt; because God is dealing with that individual and they want to pray without distraction. &gt;&gt; And that's my as I'm pastor, but I'm also the deacon. It's my responsibility to do this. So, I'm really giving myself a reminder. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And the people. Now, we did it real good a few weeks ago. I I forget. I I said, "Yeah, somebody came up for prayer at the altar and I said, "Okay, now everybody get out." And everybody did a really good job of exiting really fast. So, thank you. And brother Ram said, "No running in the sanctuary." Now, he's talking about letting kids run all over the church. Now, you can run if we're worshiping. Hallelujah. You run. Hallelujah. You You do a Jericho mark. Hallelujah. or march rather, not Mark. If you want to dance, you dance. Praise God. But we're he's talking about he's he said, "I visited other churches and you let those kids uh run around, run through the building, shout across the sanctuary." Now, we got a small one. We don't even have to shout across the sanctuary. We can just say, "Casea, how was your day today?" Huh? Did I shout? I don't have to shout in a small church. But he he'd been to sanctuaries where they had to shout, "Oh, brother and how how is work this week, brother?" He said that's a good He said that's a good way to ruin your service. Now I've seen it, brother Rod. I went to the chapel for many years. Well, not not many years. Here I go again. All my exaggerating. I went to uh the chapel for about three years and God's my witness. The last time I went there before this 2020, I walked in there and the pastor N. Larson come up. Do you remember N Larson? Okay. He's a very respectful man. I met him a couple times. Good man. He said, "Uh, well," and everybody's chatting, chatting. I'm kind of surprised because I've been coming to our church for so long. I just wanted to visit and I was kind of surprised. So, I sat down. Everybody, they're just talking across. Nobody was running. The kids weren't running around, but they're talking across the aisles, you know, this big huge mega mega church. And he stood right there and he said, "Well, since nobody's praying, turn around and shake somebody's hand." And I thought, "What a rebuke." Now, it was a joke to him or coming from him, but it was a rebuke of the spirit. Because church, when we're coming here, we're getting our hearts ready to hear from God. &gt;&gt; Now, say it like this. If you get your heart ready, you'll know it's God. You know the difference between if it's God, the devil, or your own thoughts. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Ram says later in this sermon, you are guaranteed to hear from heaven if a pastor walks into a praying congregation. &gt;&gt; Now, I've said that many times before, but it's worth saying again. You will hear from heaven if everybody can just pray before I or brother Irvin Miller or brother Diggs or Brother Dennis McBride. If you just pray before service, you're guaranteed to hear from God and then you'll like coming to church more. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; That's right, sir. &gt;&gt; You're guaranteed because you're in the spirit already. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Uh, if you would pull up Isaiah 56:7. Like I said, we've done a good job, church, but I've got to remind you. I've got to remind myself. Now, praying at home, that's something you got to do, too. We're going to get to that here. Got to remember to pray before service. Pray every morning. Isaiah 56:7, "Even then will I bring to my holy mountain and make them joyful in my house of prayer." on a holy mountain speaking of the millennium or the future home the new Jerusalem there burnt offerings. Okay, so offerings so that gives us this clue it's it's the millennium right because there's going to be no death there's going to be no death in the future home the new Jerusalem so this is a millennium scripture their burnt offerings and their sacrifices shall be accepted upon mine altar for my house shall be called a house of prayer for all people. So what when you picture church, what do you think of? Most of us think of sermons, right? And I thank God for sermons. Sermons have changed my life, right? Sermons make me weep and cry and get right with God and receive faith and you know, but but when we think about God's house, God calls it a house of prayer. &gt;&gt; So again, we've been challenged these last few weeks. Don't let let's not have Job's perspective. Let's try to get God's perspective on things. &gt;&gt; We look at church, we think, oh, he's going to preach again. He's gonna shout again. He's gonna spit again. He's gonna, you know, &gt;&gt; whatever. But when God looks at it, he looks down and said, "That's where they gather to call on my name." &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's where I hear from the not just the brothers. That's where I hear from the sisters, too. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks, sisters. I appreciate that. Thank you. &gt;&gt; It's a house of prayer for all people, not just brothers. Not just old men, young men, strong men, healthy men. It's for all people. God looks down and said, "That's my house. That's where I hear from my children." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; House of prayer. Jesus repeated this in Matthew 21:3 and said to them, "It is written, my house shall be called the house of prayer, but you have made it a den of thieves." Hallelujah. So, they were selling the sacrifices at exorbitant amount, making all kinds of uh interest on it. It started off as a good idea. You know, it's very convenient, right? It's more convenient to just buy an animal sacrifice there rather than having to drag or pull your animal or guide your animal all the way to Jerusalem. It started off as a good idea, but then it moves into the outer court of the Gentiles. It just moves closer and closer and it becomes a distraction. Then people start making money on it and the focus and the convenience has all been lost &gt;&gt; and now it's a money-making scheme. Now church, how many times are there times when we lose the meaning of church? What is church about? Praise God. &gt;&gt; Is it just about paying ti? Is just about singing songs? Is it just about listening to a sermon? It's about God. It's about praying to God, talking to God, getting ready to meet Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what it's about. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But in Jesus's day, it become a den of thieves. How much money can I make off these people? That's what it became. So, no wonder he got out the the cords. I don't have any core rope cords or anything like that. No wonder he got out the cords and overthrew their tables and the money changers tables and all these things. It was a rebuke that uh uh they they'd lost the heart of worship, right? And that's why we sing that song, let's come back to the heart of worship when it's all about prayer. &gt;&gt; It's all about Jesus and prayer. My time's flying by too fast. Brother Ram said, 'You come here to talk to him. Let him talk back to you. The trouble is we do too much talking and don't listen enough. Then when we come in here, wait on him. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham said when he started pastoring a church, it would have been around uh 33. Yeah, that's 33 because uh he had a seven major visions the morning he laid uh uh the cornerstone for the brand tabernacle. He said when he started, I would not permit anybody. The usher stood at the door to see that nobody talked. Now, in the last six months, I think I've only had to correct one person from talking. It was a sweet little boy named Kevin up here. Right? out of all these last six months, all these services, I've only had to stop one time, right? And just correct a little boy who don't even know the difference. But look at him. Look how good he is now, church, with just one little correction. I was I'm so blessed. I'm going to tell him, God bless him on well, next Sunday or two Sundays. I won't be here this Sunday, Lord willing. But brother would stand there and make sure nobody talked. That's how much zeal and reverence he had for the Lord. He said that he said, "You done your talking outside. If you come in, he said, "If you desire, come to the altar, pray silently. You walk back to your seat, open up your Bible. What your neighbor done, that's up to him. You had nothing to say to it. I want to talk to him and say, "I'll see him outside. I'm here to worship the Lord." You read his word or sit quietly. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just a good reminder. Uh, and we, as I said, we normally do a wonderful job of that. Now, I said with our girls with all their notepads that I like to give out, I like the notepads. Uh, I don't mind if they're reading their Bibles or drawing pictures, but they got to make sure they're not looking at each other's notebooks or passing the notebooks or something like that. Does that make sense, girls? Because brother gets into that. Brother said, "Don't pass any notes in the church service." Right. Right. Because he had teenagers that were being silly or telling jokes or writing jokes and he could see them pass notes and he would try to send the usher or the deacons to try to bring correction. Remember, the deacons are the policemen of the church, right? Hallelujah. So, I expect Sunday, Brother Irvin's going to walk in here. It's gonna He could hear a pin drop. He's going to see all the girls sitting up saying, "Amen." Listen. Not looking at anybody else. Brother's going to see us all all ready all in reverence. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. And then he says, uh, then there'll be a time he said the song leader leads songs. He says, "And then we'll come out outstanding solo." Okay. And then uh and then brother said the pastor would then come out and lead in a couple songs and then preach the word of God. So brother just reviews how he did his services. Okay. He started with songs for everybody and then outstanding solos or duets or trios or quartets or quintets or sex tets or septets. I looked it up on chat GTP today. and octets. Yeah, there you go, brother. That's the last one I looked up was eight. I forgot. Octet. Now, when our girls sing, usually it's a quintet, right? It's five. Okay. So, we just we sing our songs together. Then, Brother said, then if there's any outstanding solos or quintets or trios, sorry, palm girls. Then you sing it and then the pastor will sing a few songs and then get right into the word of God. Now, that's his way to do it. So, uh now the last six months you've seen it. We used to start singing as a church at 10:00. But then I started prayer because uh you know I I've always wanted people to come early to pray and if they don't come early to pray well then I'll just I'll wait till everybody's here then we can pray. But I want to make sure everybody prays before we start the service. And I've enjoyed that more. I've enjoyed that. I hope you've enjoyed that. And also it ought I'll say like this. It ought to wet your appetite for more prayer. You know, so if you're not praying before service, at least you pray right here and not just me praying. See, that's the thing. Yeah, I'm praying or whoever's praying for the prayer request, Jose or whatever, but you're supposed to pray as well. Hallelujah. And I want you to talk to God. And then sometimes sometimes people don't stay after to pray. So in in in in times past, if if people weren't here early to pray and I just pray during the service and they don't say it after to pray, sometimes I wonder, brother Rod, did they even pray? Did they even pray? And Jesus said, "It's a house of prayer." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's a house of prayer for everybody, all people, not just me, right? Not just the brothers. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, I would, you know, my vision as a pastor has always been, as I shared that we could get, everybody could get here 30 minutes before service and pray, read your Bible, wait before the Lord, and we can start right at 10 o'clock. I hope someday we get there by God's grace. Right? That's what I hope. That's what I desire. Hallelujah. If your boss asked you to get there half an hour uh to work to get an extra to get a raise, would you do it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would. &gt;&gt; Well, don't you think you're going to get a raise if you come early and pray? A spiritual raise? &gt;&gt; I ain't talking about natural raise. &gt;&gt; Don't you think God's going to honor you if you honor God? Don't you think God's going to honor you? &gt;&gt; Anybody Anybody agree with that? &gt;&gt; I believe God will honor you if you honor him. If uh you reap what you sow, if you plant good prayer seeds, you're going to reap good preaching seed or great uh reap great great preaching fruit. I'm sorry. Prayer seeds preaching fruit. &gt;&gt; All right, everybody got that? Now, Brother Brandham says this, when a minister walks into a congregation of people praying and the anointing of the spirit, you're bound to hear from heaven. That's just all. So, there's the guarantee. You're guaranteed to hear from heaven if people are praying in the spirit. There's no way to keep from it. But if you walk into confusion, you're so confused, the spirit is grieved. And we don't want that. No, we want to come here to worship. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, Brother Ram set up I'm going to let's we haven't I haven't preached on this for years. So, I'm probably going to close with this here. By God's grace, brother Random set up his church like this. Songs, right? uh songs and then preaching, right? And then uh yeah, songs, preaching, and then prayer at the end. Yeah, he would have the prayer line. Okay. So, Brother Ham said it that way. And he set it up by the the model of Jericho, right, in the book of Joshua. So, go to Joshua chapter 6 verse 9. Joshua 69 is just one. If you read verses 1 to 10, you get the whole picture. But just for time's sake, let's look at verse 9. Notice who goes first, second, and third. Notice, and the armed men went before the priests that blew the trumpets. And the re-reward came after the ark. The priests going on and blowing with the trumpets. Okay. Now, it looks like for me, now I could be wrong, but it looks like you have armed soldiers go first. Okay? Then you have priests blowing trumpets. That's the music. Then you got the ark, the word. And then you got a re-reward. A re-reward means going behind you. And you've got another set of priests behind. Everybody see that? &gt;&gt; So brother took this and that's how he tried to set up his service, right? With songs. That's the priest blowing the trumpets, the word singing in worship and prayer. Okay. Now we can look at it and this is how I this is how I've tried to teach it over the years. The armor man reminds us of the full armor of God in Ephesians chapter 6. &gt;&gt; And what does that mean? It the Bible said after list all the six armor pieces and that's what I'm going to preach on on Saturday night at CAM church. I've just felt numerous leadings of the Holy Spirit this week. I'm going to preach on wrestle not against flesh and blood. Sunday morning I'm going to preach on Job. I think at Cam church because I always try to preach to them what I've already preached to you. Unless God gives me something special then I'll come back and preach it to you. Okay. But after Ephesians 6 goes through the six pieces, then it says, "Praying with all what?" Prayer and supplication. So someone who's got the full armor of God on is ready to pray. &gt;&gt; And they look like a soldier in the sight of God. They look like a soldier, &gt;&gt; right? They're ready to pray. They got all six pieces. Five uh we say five defensive, one offensive. But I say, Brother Rod, you could probably use the shield as a offensive weapon. Don't you think, brother? You could probably somebody good with the shield. I know Malachi, right? You think? You think so, brother? We've seen it on movies. God forgive us for watching the worldly movies, but we've seen it on movies. Okay. Gladiator. What's that? Yeah. Jawbone. Yeah. Good, brother. Yes. Jawbone of a mule. Hallelujah. So So to me, church, the way I've seen it is that our men represents we got to have prayer warriors first, then the then the trumpets, then the music. That's why I I I would wait now. Oh, now I'm waiting till 10:00 a.m. to start prayer just so everybody can get here. So everybody can pray. Get those armed men and women ready to go for the service. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Then we'll sing. Then comes the ark. The ark is the word, the prince of God. And then more singing and prayer and everything like that. By Does that make sense? By God's grace. So brother Chris, that's where brother Ram got it. And he says that I don't have the quotes right there, but I could find them. Brother said that this is where he got the order of his service. Okay. And then brother Ram would make statements. He said, he said, "We've had these miracles." He says, "Who gets the credit for these miracles?" He said, "All those people that were praying and fasting for me back home in Jeffersonville," he's out, Brother, he might be in South Africa. He might be uh uh South America. He might be uh in Europe, &gt;&gt; DC. Yeah, that's right. Amen. But he says, "Give the credit to the people who are praying and fasting back home in Jeffersonville or anybody that knew his ministry around the world." Hallelujah. He didn't take credit, brother Rod. He said his fast day was Fridays. So they normally had uh Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday services in his campaigns. So he made sure Friday right before that service. He goes that first service he would fast all day Friday. &gt;&gt; And then he said I would eat little meals in between, you know, Friday, Saturday, Sunday services, he said like he called it a little sandwich. He just eat a little sandwich. Now not get all the chicken out and the steak and everything like we like. But if you're in the service of the Lord, you got to eat light in order to stay more spiritual. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. Amen. Like Daniel, Daniel fasted, he didn't fast completely for 21 days. Remember what was it? It was water and veggies, right? Um Yes. Not the dainty meats, right, brother? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Not the pleasant meats. Amen. So, he just gave up uh he ate the vegetables. He wouldn't eat all the pleasant meats, right? Now just I'll close with this then. Um Joshua 6 through9 I'm sorry 69 I'm sorry. So here we see our men I believe is a symbol of prayer before service. Exodus 27 verse 20 and 21. Got two more scriptures. Exodus and then Mark. Exodus 27 pardon me 20 and 21. I've got to get Malachi home here. Exodus 27:20. And thou shalt command the children of Israel. Now notice that they bring thee pure olive oil beaten for the light to cause the lamp to burn always. Okay. So who provided the oil for the priests? It was the people in order for the priest. Brother Chris, remember there was the outer court, the holy place, and the holiest of holies. I wish I had a visual. I didn't prepare that part. But the oil was for the holy place right behind the tent. Okay. Okay. Right behind the tent or the first veil it's called. There's two veils. Okay. Right behind the first veil, they'd walk in, brother Chris, they would have a table of shoebre. Uh he would have the lampstands over here and he'd have the altar of incense, three pieces of furniture. But brother, if the people didn't bring the oil, it'd be totally dark in there, and he couldn't do the service of the Lord. Remember, Eli let it go out, too. Showed he was backsliding. It also showed the people were backsliding, too. So, Brother Chris, during the week, they had to stomp those olives. Imagine that. They had to go pick those olives, stomp those olives, let the oil drain in their drains, catch into the jars, and bring that jar to church on Saturday. And the church said, "That's a lot of work. My goodness. I got to go out there and pick olives, and I got to stomp them, and then I got to collect the oil. Then I got to bring it to church." Yes. If you want service, if you want the the priest to be able to serve, you got to do some work by God's grace. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Look at verse 21. In the tabernacle of the congregation without the veil which is before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening to morning. It shall be a statute forever unto their generations on behalf of the children of Israel. In other words, if the people don't pray, if the people don't stay consecrated to God, there won't be any light in the service. In other words, we won't see supernatural. We won't see people healed or being discerned or feeling blessed or convicted of their sins. It's so important. We've got to be the ones who prayed. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And church, see preaching like that, you know, I do often preach on prayer and fasting, but it's a good thing. Uh because the devil's battling all of us on it. So, I just see the more I preach on, the more it's on my mind. And then the easier I say not easier, it's easier to then go do the prayer because it's on my mind, &gt;&gt; right? I'm studying it. I'm preaching it. I realize that. In other words, it just gives me more reminders to yield to the Holy Spirit to go pick the olive oil. I'm sorry, the olives, right? &gt;&gt; Do the prayer. Hallelujah. And church, remember that's what brother Ram modeled for us. You know, he said the people would pray and fast for his meetings, right? Then he prayed and fasted, too. Praise God. Everybody prays and fasts and it helps the light of God to shine. Hallelujah. Now, the last one is a this takes a little more spiritual and I could be wrong on this one, but this is my humble opinion. Mark uh 11:8 and 9. I saw this one time and uh year it must have been 2016, almost nine years ago. And many spread their garments in the way. So, this is Jesus here uh the week before he was crucified. And uh they're crying hosana, which means save us. They're saying save us. Save us. And then they reject him the next week. Right? Others cut down branches of trees. So they would cut down branches of trees and straw them in the way. Okay? Now notice what happened first before he come. What they had to do. They had to go cut the branches and lay the branches down. Now another version says palm branches. So I just did a little play on words brother. Just a play on words. I said let's put our palms let's lay our palms down. Everybody with me? &gt;&gt; If and I say and I pray this brother Rod and many times God answered my prayer. If you lay down your palms and pray and seek God, the King of glory will ride into the service. &gt;&gt; Brother Chris, I've seen it so many times since I've been praying that way. If we just prepare and say, "King of glory, come in. Ride into this service. Here's my palms." Now, you can raise them. You don't have to lay them down. As far as I'm just saying, you got to pray before service. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We got to pray throughout the week. Pray before you go into a special meeting at work or whatever you got to do. Just pray, right? And the King of Glory, watch him right into the congregation. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Watch him right into your life. So, we have three witnesses, right? The armen go first. Prayer goes first. Bring the oil. The people got to beat uh beat down the the the olives. Get the oil. They got to do the work. They got to bring it so then the light of God can shine. And you got to lay down the palms and then Jesus will ride in. Let's stand to our feet by God's grace. &gt;&gt; It's been years and years. Well, I shouldn't say that. It's been years since I preached that. So, Malachi can come here. Thank you, Victoria. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. So, I hope that's a help here tonight by God's grace. U I wanted to get back to this series. on it. And if church, if you would listen to God hiding himself in simplicity, it's a three-hour sermon, but if you do like 20 minutes a morning, you can get to that like four or five days. You gota, you and I, we got to listen to God's prophet. Hallelujah. You've got to do it. That's what I'll do. I mean, I got to mow once a week. So, that's hour and a half. I can get through half the sermon. An hour and a half, right? Driving to work. I got a 20-minute drive to work. There's that chunk that you can get by God's grace. Hallelujah. But if we want, how many want to see the king of glory right in? &gt;&gt; How many want light in this sanctuary? And I'm not talking electric light. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The light of Christ. Light is knowledge. Paul said the unto the light, the knowledge or the light of the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And church, how many want to be soldiers for Jesus Christ? That's what I want. Now, before we pray, I just uh I don't know if everybody heard that testimony, but Adam, my cousin Adam, brother Austin and brother Rod, I don't know if you heard it when I said it earlier. He said as soon as he drove into Akran, he felt the anointing of the Holy Ghost. He said when he went to bed, he felt it. When he got up, he felt it. When he left, he felt it. When he got back home, three hours away, he felt it. And he said now, he said he just got over an addiction, one of his final addictions he's had for 28 years. He and I were just talking today. See what it does to give your testimony, church. See what it does. See what it does. And what was he blessed by? These little girls singing right here. He was so blessed. He said, "These girls can sing just like brother Brandon or brother Brendan here." Church, everybody has a part. Girls, your part is so important to worship. Brothers, your part is so important to be a testimony, right? to pray, to pull on the word of God, to give God all you have in service. And now he's walking free after 28 years of being a slave. He's free. Oh, he said this. He said, "God took it from me in that service, that Sunday service. God took it from me." So friends, let's trust God. Hallelujah. Let's believe God. All things are possible to them that believe. &gt;&gt; Now, how many times have I seen that in my ministry? people delivered from smoking or drinking or uh porn, all these things. How many times have I seen that in my ministry? And what is it? It's the people praying. &gt;&gt; It's the people being in one accord. &gt;&gt; All things are possible to them that believe. &gt;&gt; Let's pray. Dear Lord, I love you tonight, Lord God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I just uh I just want to thank you, Lord God, for these little testimonies. This blesses my soul when my cousin can come to our church, our little old church, and when he gets into the outer realms of the city, he feels the anointing of the Holy Ghost. Lord God, thank you God for your presence in this church, Lord God. Thank you for the oil that the people have brought. I just want to encourage them, keep bringing it. And Lord, if we can, let's bring more, dear God, so that the light of God can continually shine in our services. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you for delivering my cousin, Lord God, after 28 years. Oh, tobacco has no hold. Hallelujah. Over a child of God. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I know he wasn't planning for that to happen, Lord God. It was a supernatural move of the Holy Ghost. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; For your delivering power, Lord God. Lord, it just goes to show, Lord. Jesus said, "The wind blows where it wants to, and we don't know when it's coming or when it's going. We just want to be there when it happens." Praise God. We just want to be there when the wind blows. I'm glad I was there when my cousin got delivered. Lord God, I'm glad I was preaching. I'm glad I was supporting, saying, "Amen" to his testimony. I'm glad I led songs in that service. Lord God, I'm glad I was there. Hallelujah. I brought the oil, Lord God. Each person that came that Saturday night and Sunday, they brought the oil of prayers because it's a house of prayer. Lord, you're looking down from heaven, Lord God, we'd say, and you don't see a house of sermons. You don't see a house of tapes or something like that, Lord God. You see a house of prayer. Lord, hear your prayers. I'm sorry. Hear the prayers of your people tonight, Lord God. &gt;&gt; Grant it, Lord Jesus. God, help us to be more dedicated. Lord God, help us to be more faithful, Lord Jesus. It's been a wonderful week here, Lord God. It's been a wonderful month, Lord God, since Adam came in. Lord God, it's just been wonderful, Lord Jesus. For Brendan coming, Lord God, all the saints at their post and their duty. Even these little girls playing their part and their voices bring down the Holy Ghost. Lord God, &gt;&gt; thank you, Jesus. I feel like Job. I'm vile. Who am I? I'm so insignificant. But Lord, if we can just do what you said, if we can just lay our palms down on the altar, Lord God, if we can just maybe raise our palms to heaven and invite the king of glory, then Jesus Christ, the king of heaven. Hallelujah. He comes into the church and he does things that we don't know anything about, Lord God. He does things, Lord. You do things we can't do, Lord God. Because apart from you, we can do nothing. But Lord, when we agree with you, as brother Rod said on the text, when we have harmony with you, Lord God, then the spirit can begin to move, Lord God. Lord, may we take these scriptures and these thoughts deep to heart for Sunday. Lord, I know I'm feeling already the presence of God pressing into my spirit for the Napoleon meetings. Lord, I feel pressed. I feel directed, Lord God, on these areas. So Lord, just lead me. Lord, I pray you'd lead Brother Irvin, Lord God, to be a help to this congregation here. Lord God, surely a man who's in his late 60s, surely he knows something about you, Lord, the word of God that the people can pull and receive from the word of God. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Lord, I love you tonight, Lord God. Thank you for your love. Thank you for your mercy, God. Hallelujah. It's a joy to be in your house, Lord God. May this be a house of prayer, Lord God. Hear our prayers tonight, Lord. As we have prayer now, Lord, for individuals, I pray you'd meet their needs, Lord God. Forgive our sin. If there be any sin, still not confessed, forgive our sins, oh God. Make our hearts pure if we confess them. You're faithful and just to cleanse us from all unrighteousness, Lord God. Hallelujah, Jesus. We're trusting in the living God tonight, Lord God. Have your way, Lord. Lead me on prayer and fasting for Cameron. Lord, if it be thy will, Lord God, Lord, we need you. We love you, Lord God. Minister to these needs in Jesus Christ's name. And the church said, "Amen.
