################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-03 - (7-2-25) The Masterpiece, Pt. 2 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-03
Title:    (7-2-25) The Masterpiece, Pt. 2 - Jesse Smith
Speaker:  Jesse Smith
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwotoF40ob0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And so I just try to hit the highlights. How many enjoyed that Sunday? Did everybody enjoy that? By God's grace, did that help you? Okay. I just I trust it was, you know, I just try to pray and consecrate and trust that the Lord will speak to everybody. By God's grace, I was surely blessed. Um, but tonight I want to look a little deeper at what he said his masterpiece was. By the way, I went through the masterpiece of Michelangelo with Moses and he went through God's masterpiece, Jesus. And I just briefly touched brother Brandham's masterpiece. So, I want to uh maybe uh spend my time tonight, Lord willing, our time on uh the scriptures, brother Bram used for his masterpiece. And I just imagine, Brother Brand, I'm like chipping away or like like le like Michelangelo, right? I imagine brother Bram chipping away. Uh I didn't add the text yet because I was trying to decide which one. Let's do Malachi 45 and six. So, we'll read that here. By God's grace, very familiar to us. Most of us could probably quote it by heart, which is a wonderful thing. It's the word for our day. I've had numerous people this week say or this last few weeks say, "Oh, Brother Random can't be in Malachi 4 because it's written to the Jews." I said, "You just" I said, "I feel sorry for you. I just don't uh I feel like you just don't read your Bible." If you read the book of Isaiah, it's written to the Jews. Isaiah 25:8 is the rapture for the Gentile church. God can speak through us through any book. Hallelujah. It's called compound prophecy. And I just feel bad these people. It breaks my heart. But you know, all that the father has given me will come to me. Praise God. I'm just glad I can see it. Praise God. Hallelujah. Malachi 4:5 and six. Very familiar. Let's read that on three. One, two, three. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. May God add his blessing to the ring of his word. You can be seated there by God's grace. It's 7 o'clock, so I'll try to preach 40 minutes. We'll see how that goes. Again, this is part two. I do think I'll just review real quick here. U I'll just show those pictures, especially since we got Sandy and Kim here. Uh you know brother Brandham talked about uh are you familiar with the sermon the masterpiece? Okay. Amen. Glory. So brother Brandham talked about this uh sculpture here by Michelangelo. And uh now I could be wrong on this but this is the best I saw. U I mean just look at this amazing craftsmanship. But I if I'm not mistaken that was the the spot where Michelangelo struck it with his uh hammer. And what were the words he said? Why won't you speak? According to this is just one reference the one museum said he said why won't you speak he was so inspired uh by his work it it was the reality of the vision was standing before him and he was so inspired he said speak and then brother Ram used that as a parallel although it was in different order uh brother Ram used that as a parallel of the Lord Jesus Christ and I just like that that's just really humble uh that's really heartfelt how the Lord Jesus suffered for us that's God's masterpiece wasn't somebody handsome or somebody special or something. It was he had no beauty that we would desire him, but he gave his life for us. Praise God. And within each stripe, with each stripe, it purchased our healing and our forgiveness. How many love Jesus tonight? Hallelujah. And so the order was a little off. You know, with Michelangelo, he finished it and then he smoteed it and then said speak. But with Jesus, uh, it was different, right? Jesus spoke first because on mount transfiguration uh God said hear ye him right and then Jesus spoke the doctrine right brother said that was his second part of his ministry was the doctrine first was healing doctrine then the third pole uh prophet I'm sorry third pole preaching eternal loss and his resurrection ministry u so Jesus was a little different first uh he smote him I'm sorry first he said speak then god smoteed him okay hallelujah so we just looked at that now I think that's just a quick review and now uh let's go back to uh tonight's message here by God's grace. Feeling good, Malachi. All right. Good. Amen. Hallelujah. He works 12 to 13 hours a day, too. He gets up at 3:50 a.m. I don't know how he does it, but I guess when you're 18, you know, you can do stuff like that. So, uh the word masterpiece means a work done with extraordinary skill. So, let's think about that as we look at Brother Random's quotes. Brother Random is going to give us his teaching and notice it must be done with extraordinary skill. Now we know no man has any skill, right? So it's the Holy Spirit that pointed out certain scriptures to brother Brandham and it was such skill. It's called rightly dividing the word of truth. Hallelujah. Because anybody can pick up the Bible, right? Brother Brham said anybody can read the Bible, but it takes the Holy Spirit to break the bread to us, right? To give us the understanding. What does that verse mean? And and how does this fit with the rest of prophecy of scripture? So that's the skill. The skill is brother Random said uh brother Ram said my gift is getting out of the way so God can speak through me. Amen. Okay. So that's when brother Ram experienced skill. That's when all of us will experience any skill in our lives. Any good that comes out of our life is us dying out to ourselves yielding to the Holy Spirit. Then God can use us. And just think be thinking about that. I want to preach probably one or two more sermons on this and then I'll move back maybe to the Corinthians series. But be thinking in the next few services. What masterpiece have you worked on your whole life? Michelangelo worked on this masterpiece for decades. Brother Brandham said, "What masterpiece have you worked on for your whole life?" Now, like I said, with some of us, like maybe adults or grandparents, you've worked on your children or your grandchildren. I put 18 years of work in this guy right here. I got almost 16 in my daughter back there. Where's Lydia? I got 20 years in her, you know, just chipping away every day, right? And when you have children, you'll know what it's like. But you know, uh, everybody has a different ministry. You know, if you don't have kids or don't not married or something like that, you'll have a different work that God's called you to do. Maybe it's witnessing. Maybe it's just working and praying for one or two souls for years and years and decades. And then finally, the person gets saved. Hallelujah. I had a brother from Tennessee uh call me last weekend while I was here at the church, you know, on Saturday, and he told me this beautiful story. He worked with a Catholic man for over 20 years. And he's just like, "Lord, give me the words. Give me the words." He's a Catholic man. He's a Catholic man. He worships Mary, you know, because of course they do. And he said one day he just uh he said uh he asked him, "What about Adam and Eve?" The Catholic man asked the message preacher or message minister, and now he's not a minister, he's a piano player. And he's like, "Lord, do you want me to say it?" And he felt the uncction. Say it. So he spilled out everything with serpent seed. And ever since that moment, that man came into the message church, got baptized, and has been there ever since. That's what I call a masterpiece. You're you're pay he said I had to be patient with him. He had a dirty mouth and he was a Catholic man. Of course, we would expect that because they don't have the word of God. But I thought, my that's a great example of just working on somebody. How many can have the longsuffering of the Lord? Amen. And let the Lord use you to just work on people. Brother Ram said, ' I'd rather have you live me a sermon than preach me one. Hallelujah. So, let's keep that in mind. You are working on some masterpiece in your life. Hallelujah. I got nine of them because I got nine children. So, those are my m masterpieces I'm trying to work on by God's grace if the Lord would let me. But as I was I think I was mowing or I was listening to brother Brand while I was driving and I heard brother say these words, "This is my masterpiece." And I thought, "What?" I I listened to this before, but I never listened to it. And the Holy Spirit just spoke that to me like, "Wow, Brother Ram's going to tell me his masterpiece." I preached Brother Random for uh 21 years. I preached his message. Well, not too preached in 2004. Okay. Yeah. 21 years. I've been preaching the message for 21 years. And I'm like, I I thought I knew Brother Ram's masterpiece, but this was fresh to me. He's talking about the wheat plant and he's talking about Pentecostal brethren. He says, 'I want you to listen, my brother. If this is my last message I'll ever preach, thank God it wasn't. He still got to preach to us uh questions and answers and feast of the trumpets and all these uh the marriage and divorce and uh a spiritual food in due season, all these awesome messages, visible union, the bride, you know, what house will you build me? All these beautiful messages from 64 and 65. He said, "This is my masterpiece." So, he's going to preach about the wheat plant. And the wheat plant is brother's foundation for his masterpiece. Did you notice when the corn of wheat falls into the ground again, then it begins to form back to its grain again. So, picture a a wheat seed, right? A grain of wheat, the grain, the corn of it. Start with that, plant it, grows up, and then when it's all mature, you pull off another grain. That was brother Ram's masterpiece. Sounds pretty simple, doesn't it? But yet, it was his masterpiece. So, it must be very special. Must be very skilled, right? Like these people, uh, wheat plant is very skilled. Like I saw that Ray Comfort, he talked to these atheists. He said, "Do you believe in uh creation is intelligent?" They're like, "No." He's like, "Okay, make me a rose. It's not intelligent. It wasn't designed. So, what they said, I don't have any supernatural powers. That proves there's a God since you can't do it. And and he said, "Well, you told me you're intelligent and you can't create something that's not intelligent." I love how the foolishness of God makes these fools look even more foolish. Hallelujah. The foolishness of God saves them that would believe. Hallelujah. My now brother Random only preaches 30 minutes on this topic of his masterpiece. The first hour and so forth is about, you know, Jesus as the masterpiece. Uh it's about uh Michelangelo's masterpiece. And then the last 30 minutes are about his vision of the preview of the bride. That's what we're going to get to hopefully Sunday. And then he prays of course at the end and has a time of singing saying a couple songs. But within this 30 minute, I'm about halfway through. I'm going real slow trying to catch all the verses here. So, here's the Bible principles included in his masterpiece. And we're going to go through these tonight. So, if you got your Bibles, have your Bibles handy. I might start at the front and maybe go back and if you want to read a verse, you could read some of these here as we go by God's grace. So, Brother's masterpiece is the wheat plant and it includes all of these topics. Right now, we got one, two, three, four, five. And I'm not even halfway through. Well, I'm about halfway through through this 30 minute sermon or section of his sermon on my masterpiece. He tells the people, "This is my masterpiece. God let me work on." I can just picture Brother chipping away, just hammering away, making this beautiful masterpiece of a wheat plant. His entire life, this is his life's work, his masterpiece. Hallelujah. Amen. So the first verse he uses, the first topic he gets into is the anointed ones, the end times. So Malachi, do you want to read that? Malachi, I'm sorry, Matthew 24:4. Very familiar to us. There shall prophets. Thank you. So right after saying my masterpiece, he says, "Watch nature." Exactly. Nature is God. In other words, God created nature. So God's in nature, right? The mind of God is in nature. God working in nature, it's all he can. But from the Pentecostal revival, as they think was the seed, it wasn't. And that's true. Remember I preached on Isuza Street last year or two years ago. Remember, they thought the rapture was so close. They said, "Don't get married. Don't have children." Now, no doubt, no doubt they influenced a lot of people because God was doing so many miracles. Brother Bam said it was the greatest revival since Pentecost. So it was amazing with miracles, healing, supernatural uh the the pillar of fire was seen there. I mean it was amazing uh revival but then what that what happened they eventually denominated around tongues. Now Seymour corrected at the end of his life but once it spread out of there a lot of people never corrected it but Seymour corrected it in his short ministry. He didn't live very long because he poured himself into the revival so much just like brother Brandon. brother poured himself into it, died early at 56. He said, "But the Pentecostal Zusa Street wasn't the revival. It wasn't the seed, but something come forth just like the seed." Now, watch what Jesus said in Matthew 24. The two spirits at the last days would be so close together, it would deceive the elected if it were possible. Okay? So now, Brother Ram's getting to his day. The Pentecostal church was the closest thing to Brother Brham's ministry in those days. Okay? Like if you listen to questions answer 64. Brother Ram said I've sent over a million of my children to the Assemblies of God church. How many know what I'm talking about? He says, ' Do you think I'd send them to a death trap? No. He said, because that's the best church we got in ' 64. But now we're past 64. We're 61 years past 64. Now we got some good message churches. Hallelujah. You're in one. Hallelujah. We got more truth than the Pentecostals. I was raised in the Assembly of God. I know what I'm talking about. I was raised Pentecostal before I received the message. I know what they believe. I was in the classes to go through a class. But then when they talked about the tongues, I didn't go in because I didn't know the message. But I knew tongues weren't the evidence. Even as a even as a a a 20-year-old young man, not even know the message, I knew tongues wasn't the evidence. Must have been the election inside of me. Praise God. All right. So, here's what brother Bam is saying. The Pentecostals were like the chaff. They were so close to the truth, right? They look just like it. But then what did they do? They pulled away from Brother Ram's preaching, especially that serpent seed. Brother Ram said, "That's the killer." He said, "You want to break fellowships?" He said, "If somebody wants to break fellowship, they're going to break fellowship on the serpent seed." How many times have we seen it? So that's what brother Ram is saying. Brother Ram said it'll be so close it would deceive the very elected if it were possible. See the chaff, the chaff is so close to the seed. It looks like, look, look at the shape. It's almost the same shape, right? But that's deceptive because it doesn't have the life. And the church said, see, they make the tongues. Tongues are life. Tongues are life. No, no. The Holy Ghost is life. Hallelujah. That's the life. And so, most of those people don't get the real Holy Ghost in their soul. their human spirits might get anointed and they might have wonderful experiences, but if it doesn't get down into the soul, they're going to trip up on the things of this world and not be able to live the life of Jesus Christ. Because we all have mountain tops, but wait, wait till you get down the valley. You're going to see what you're made of. Right? Malachi's learning right now. He's working out there 50 hours a week. He's going to find out what he's made out of, right? Working around sinners. That's what I found out soon as I got saved. As soon as I heard the message, I was in college football. And guess what? I found out right away what I was made of, right? All these other guys, they take off their shirts. I'm in the message. I'm like, "Oh, I'm can't take off my shirt." I found out I had the I had found out I had the real thing. They they all they all wear shorts. I kept my pants on. 99 degrees. I still got sweatpants and t-shirt on. I'm like, I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. I found out, church, what I was made of. I wasn't a compromiser. I believe the message because modesty is in the message. 1 Timothy 2:9. I wrote a book on it. I ought to know about it by God's grace. But see, they're missing the life. Oh yeah. Then I saw a Pentecostal guy. He threw off his shirt and took off his sweatpants. He's like, I just can't handle Jesse. Forgive me. I'm like, I forgive you. But I know what you're made out of. You don't You have experience. You have tongues, but you don't have the life of Christ. Because the life of Christ doesn't compromise. Hallelujah. That's what brother said. The chaff is so close. It's so similar. It might deceive the very elect if it were possible, but it's not possible to deceive the elect. That that that might deceive a child, a child might grab for that and they go, I could eat that or plant that. But no, anyone who's mature, any anyone that's really grown up in the Lord, they know the real thing when they see it. That's the point brother is making. This is my masterpiece. He says, hallelujah. Now, I had two mistakes. And did anybody catch my mistakes on Sunday? Anybody catch it? I made this uh image. It said chaff here. Uh and it said something else wrong. Yeah, some it had something. Yeah, the arrow was pointing there. I'm like, what? How did I miss that on Sunday? I must have been so excited I missed it. So, forgive me. But see, your pastor makes mistakes sometimes, but thank God I can correct them. Hallelujah. Uh love is corrective, brother says. So here's what and now brother didn't use this verse but this is the verse about a wheat plant that has three stages. Okay I found this uh in Mark 4 the two previous parts die. So there's three parts brother emphasizes the stalk what Jesus calls the blade. See the blade of leaves blade the blade of leaves and then the ear which we call it the head. Farmers call it the head. That was the Methodist. So the stalk is Lutheran Methodist. And then the full corn, brother Rams calls it the bride. Calls it the bride. It's the restored bride. And it just so happens we're called bride of Christ Fellowship. So that's that's why we named a bride. We want to be the bride. We don't want to be the chaff. We don't want to be the head. We don't want to be the stalk. We want to be the word. We want to be the seed. Now, there's three stages, but brother noticed this one. He said, "This is so close. The chaff was the Pentecostals." Okay? So there's only three stages, but he just notices there's it's like there's a fourth, but it's really not. But there's only three. There's only seven church ages, right? There's not eight church ages, but he just notices there's something very close. It might deceive the very elect if it were possible. And as you'll see, brother Ram said, "This chaff is a pulling away." And then he even gives us a scripture. I mentioned on Sunday, if you remember, there's a scripture for this pulling away from the seed. Okay? Now, notice the two previous parts die. So the stalk dies, the head dies, and we know the third too, but the chaff dies. And this shows the life of the Holy Ghost passing through the church ages. And this is brother Brandham's masterpiece. Is it simple enough for you, church? Notice that he now, as as much as I believe these, did he call the seven thunders the masterpiece? No, he didn't. Now, do I believe in the seven thunders? Yes, they've already uttered. Brother said it's the revelation contains in the seals, right? But notice, and this is after he preached uh on the seven thunders, right? Because he he said right afterwards, he said the seven thunders were preached the other day at the tabernacle in ' 63. So he knew he'd already preached the seven thunders. Is is this the end time? Uh December 1962. God bless you, brother Austin. Good to see you, brother. So he had already preached the revelation of the seven thunders, but he calls this his masterpiece, his skilled work. Hallelujah. I'm glad I could understand it by God's grace. Hallelujah. I'm glad. Now, here, Brother Chris, I did this for you, brother, because brother Chris, you asked about this. Great question, brother. I love the questions. Excellent questions. Here's what it means, brother. It means the wheat plant is like a timeline. So, Luther nailed the 95 thesis in 1517. So, that was the life, right? That was the life coming out of the ground. That was the life coming out of the Catholic Church, right? Uh Wesley said he really got the Holy Ghost in 1738. He thought he had it, but then he met met some uh Morivians. I forgot how to say that. Morivans. I can't never say that. These really godly people. And then he really got on fire for the Lord. Okay. Of course, the the Holy Ghost fell in 1906 Street. Now, I put 1960 up there. Uh it could have been any it could have been uh 30 1933 at the at the Ohio River, you know. But I just thought he really did something there with the the church ages because he said they were thus sayith the Lord. And that really started separating uh the wise virgin from the foolish virgin. Okay, so I just put that in there. It could be any date. You could put whatever date you want in there. I just threw it in there because this he said the church ages were thus sayith the Lord. Okay, and they were such an important part. They even said they're part of his masterpiece. Okay. So, Brother Chris, does that help by God's grace? Okay. So, this this this plant represents a time period from the 1500s to our day. All right. So, I like technology. I'm a school teacher, so I I like doing technology. So, I mean, that's not very good, but that's the best I could do. Now, now look what brother Ham says. Notice here that life was in the stalk, the tassel, and now it ends up in the seed. How many parts? Three. The life that come out of the original seed come up through different processes. three different processes and then turned back to its original condition. Hallelujah. Oh my. What does brother have to say? What did his masterpiece masterpiece make him feel? It made him feel happy and the joy of the Lord is your right. So see this made him happy. Gave him strength to preach. I'm the happiest person in the world that God has let me see this the three stages of the wheat plant. Watch how perfect the word and these nature works together. So church, you should feel happy when you listen to the masterpiece. Praise God. Okay. So the next the next principle he gets into after the anointed ones of the end time, right? Because there's going to be a lot of Pentecostals. My they're so close in some ways, you know, they believe in the supernatural. They pray for divine healing. They they some of them dress modestly, but each each decade they get a little more worldly. Most of them wear high heels now. Shame. So, a lot of them are starting to cut their hair and wear a little bit of makeup here, a little bit. Shame on them. But they can't help it. The life has left. Hallelujah. The full life has left. Can people be saved in there? Sure, brother. They can be saved in there as long as they're trusting in the blood of Jesus Christ. But if they reject part of the word, they can't be born again of the word. Hallelujah. They can have a portion of it, but they can't have the fullness of it if they uh turn down the fullness of the revelation. Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. So now brother gets into the this this wheat plant represents the church ages and the three works of grace. He said all nature everything works with the word of God. Here it is exactly perfectly in these church ages. His masterpiece was in the church ages too. That's the reason the Holy Ghost came down and draw those things and made them out for us the way he has. I don't know if you saw it last month, I put out a video on my YouTube channel of the audio when the Holy Ghost fell in 1961 in the Brandham Tabernacle. Everybody screaming and shouting and brother Ram said, "You're only seeing one." He said, "I'm seeing two." They saw the light on the back wall making the shadows of the seven church ages. Brother Ram saw that light, but brother Ram saw this the spirit of God, the pillar of fire going over people. He would discern them and they would be healed. You can hear them screaming and crying. So, if you haven't watched that video, I'd encourage you to watch that one. There was uh I think he said what 100 or 200 people there in the audience. They saw they witnessed they saw the supernatural pillar of fire. Hallelujah. Why? Because it was his masterpiece. Hallelujah. Notice here the life that was in the husk in the stalk and the tassel of the husk all gathers in the seed. And the life that was in the stalk went one went to make the other. Justification made a way for sanctification. Sanctification made a way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The baptism of the Holy Ghost made a way for the Holy Ghost itself to come right down in perfection back to the word again to manifest itself. Now, don't let that stumble you. He lists four steps, but don't let that stumble you because brother called the baptism of Holy Ghost, that was the tongues movement of Isuza Street. He just used that all the time. Uh especially if you go into 1964 65. But there's not four steps. Uh because the Bible said the wheat has three stages. But in other words, brother Ram's recognizing there was a revival in 1906. It was a powerful revival. Hallelujah. No doubt about it. He says back to the word again to manifest itself. Hallelujah. So again, these three stages represent Luther Wesley Brham. Hallelujah. Or as brother Adam put it, Luther Wesley Elijah. Amen. Because we read, "Behold, I send you Elijah." Okay. So, these three stages represent Sardis, Philadelphia, Leodysia. Now, I want I want to remind you of this. Here's where brother Ram said it uh after he preached the seventh seal. Now, the vision, of course, he's speaking of the vision to go out west and when he got the sword in his hand with the third pole of his ministry, the third attraction, the third stage of his ministry, the vision of that and then to go back east and open the seven seals by the revelation of the Holy Ghost. The vision plus the word, all the Bible verses, plus the history he gave out through this, the seven seals, plus the church ages, they all blend together. So I could truly say that to the best of my understanding and according to the word of God and the vision, the revelation, the interpretation thereof is thus saith the Lord. As I've said before many times, who do you know talks like that? Only a true prophet. Hallelujah. The vision, the word, history, the church ages, the seals, it all blends together. It's thus saith the Lord. Hallelujah. And I've and I've I've questioned that in the past as any person does. And I've went and studied history and exactly what brother preached. Ties together perfectly with history. So I know God's proven it to me. It's thus sayith the Lord. Hallelujah. I went and studied the same books brother Ram did and I've compared other history books and everything brother Ram taught about this church agent seals was exactly right with history. It is thus sayith the Lord. Hallelujah. We're just blessed to receive it. Hallelujah. Amen. No doubt about it. Okay. So now what I do, I put this under here, brother Chris. So now, now we can see. Okay. Now these also represent the three stages or the three works of grace. You get saved. Then you get your habits sanctified, your spirit cleaned out, then you get your soul filled with the Holy Ghost. Yeah. Brother Chris, you got a question? Yeah. I don't know about that, brother. I don't know. There's really uh because Ezekiel 36 only lists three stages. And so, Brother Ram wasn't he wasn't making a doctrine out of this. He just made an observation that that the chaff pulled away. And he compares that to the Pentecostals pulled away from brother Ram's ministry. Okay. So, great question. Great question. Uh let's read that since we got it. Uh let's go to Ezekiel 36, brother. Uh 36:26, brother Chris, if you want to read that, brother, whenever you get it. Ezekiel 36:26. This is the three works of grace. They were foretold, prophesied in Ezekiel. So, whenever you're ready, brother. Okay. Can you read 272? Because there's the third step. Amen. Hallelujah. And the church said, see, there's three steps, right? New heart, that's justification. New spirit, new way of thinking, control over your bodily passions, all those statue perfect man attributes over there. And then my spirit. Think about that. You can have a new heart and a new spirit, but you still don't have the Holy Ghost yet. The baptism I'm talking about, right? But that's how God set it up. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Very good, brother. Yep. Very good. And there's numerous uh I gota I wrote a whole chapter about it. So we we can do a Bible study on that. It'd be great to see that by God's grace. So, Brother Bam said in this masterpiece, Anointed One is end times. He preached, I think, in August 65 if I'm not mistaken. And then, church ages, 1960, uh, three works of grace. He preached it all throughout his ministry. And the next one, the next one, denominations are dead. And I got about 20 minutes there, buddy. I keep looking at you. I'm gonna I'm gonna remember by God's grace. Not going to get carried away in heavenly places. I'm already in heavenly places. By God's grace, I'm already accepted in the beloved. Hallelujah. But um I'm not going to go too late here. The next beautiful thought uh of this masterpiece, just like Moses, right, his beautiful hair and all those details are just beautiful. My wife said uh on Sunday, she said, Jesse, if you look at his arm, he's even got this one muscle that only comes up like when you put your he's got his pinky up like that or something. And there's a certain muscle. I can feel it. It's right there. And Michelangelo played paid so much attention to detail. even had that muscle right there, that little muscle in your forearm. And that's what brother did. He paid so close attention to the scriptures. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. He paid so close attention. He also saw how denominations are dead. He said, "But what denominated dies like life?" And Luther went to make Wesley and from Wesley went to Pentecost and from Pentecost to make the original seed onto Pentecost comes out of Wesley until that time. The reason that Pentecost come out of Wesley because it was no denomination. Pentecost was. Then Pentecost went to denominate and what did it do? It turned to the husk. It looked like the real thing. Okay. No stalk, tassel, husk living. They produced in their early revival a holder of a certain portion of the seed life. But when they organized, the life moved out of it. That's proved by all history. Never an organization ever done a thing after organized. It was dead. That's right. Watch. The life is traveling on now. It's moving. Okay. So, this is a beautiful thought with the wheat plant, brother. The life goes up, right? And once it once all the seeds get all the life in them, the rest of the plant dies, right? You harvest the wheat plant, right? Now, you can do things with the stalk. I guess you could do some Could you do straw or something like that? You could probably do something, but it's it's dead. The life is out of the rest of the plant. The life is in the seed. Everybody got that? The life moves through the plant and it all the life is in the seed. Hallelujah. That's what brother Ram is saying with denominations. The life was in the Lutheran uh but then it moved into the Methodists and then it moved in the Pentecostals and now it's in this message. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. The life of Jesus Christ is in this message because we have the word of God. Hallelujah. And I know that because I was raised in a Pentecostal and I didn't have the I don't live the life that I live right now. Amen. And everybody in that church, my family that came to the message, we all live a higher life spiritually than the Pentecostals. Not to brag, but it's bragging on Jesus. Hallelujah. If Christ is in you, you live a higher life. And the church said, "Glory." Didn't didn't Jesus say, "The Holy Ghost will guide you into all truth." That's the point. We can live a higher life because the Holy Ghost leads us into more truth. It's not to make ourselves better. We're not better. We just uh receive more grace by the grace of God. Because Paul said, "I've labored more than all of you." He said, "Not I, but the grace of God that was given to me." Brother Austin, how do you labor more than the Catholics? Because God's grace has given it to you. Right? Hallelujah. Same thing for each one of us. How do we labor more for Jesus than the denomination? Because God has given us more grace because we've accepted more grace. We've received more grace. But the life flowed through the denominations with each one. When a new denomination started, the old one died. God moved out of there. Okay, I think you got that. Notice what they have done. All these have done is proved by history just exactly the way the church has has come. Never to be used to him again. Organization is laid on the shelf. There's never been in all history a church after organized that but it died and the organization died and never did raise again. Can't you see it? Men who are blind open your eyes nature and the word co-ordinating together coordinating together and proving it right here that this is the truth. That this is the truth. In other words, brother Ram's message is the truth that life leaves the stalk to make the tassel. From the tassel it makes the husk and from the husk it goes into the original again. Notice never again to be useful to him. How is God going to use the Catholic Church today? They're praying to Mary. The the priest of uh I need prayer. I need healing. Okay, pray to Mary. Mary can't hear you. How's that going to help you? Uh pray to St. Joseph. Joseph can't Joseph's not the mediator between God and man. How is that going to help you? Oh, I'm sick. If I went to the Assembly of God, I'm sick. Okay, let's pray till you speak in tonesues and God will heal you. That's tongues. Tonesues is a different gift than healing. Praise God. Right? It's a different whole different thing together. It's totally different. So, it proves that God has moved on from those movements. And now we're to have the life of Jesus Christ. Yes, we're supposed to have healing. Uh we've had three, four people speak in tonesues here, but you can speak in tonesues all day and still not have the life. We must have the life of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. Don't you see why he never used an organization? He can't get back in it again. Do you think the life once the life is in those seed grains, you think it's going to go back down? Do you think the seeds ever going to lose any of the qualities of it of of its uh chromosomes? No. No. Didn't brother say that they kept seeds from the days of Joseph and planted them, I think maybe in his day, and they still worked like they they still had life in them because the life goes in the seed. So, brother Chris, that's what I want to explain. The life once it's in the seed, it doesn't go back in down to the plant. It stays in the seed. So that's what brother Ram said. The life is not going to go back into Lutheran and Catholic and Methodist and Baptist. The life is going to stay in the word, the message. Hallelujah. He can't get back in it again. It's dead. But the life passes on from one to the other. See, they put creeds and inject. Whosoever shall add one word or take one word out, see he's blocked off from it. Is everybody familiar with that scripture? Revelation 22:18-19. Brother Chris, do you know that one? Okay, let's read that. Lydia, you want to get that? Revelation 22:18-19. This is a very stern warning to anyone who handles the word of God, especially preachers. They'll be judged more harshly than congregations. Whenever you're ready, Lydia, go ahead. How many believe that's a very stern warning there? So, brother Chris, let me give you two examples. Yeah. Amen. Right, brother. So, brother, any church that adds women preachers in here, you'll have they'll have plagues added to them if they don't repent. Adding praying to Mary, anything they add to this, the plagues will be added to them. The other thing is they take things out of here. Oh, it's okay to be homosexual. What what they're doing is really ripping out chapters of the entire chapters in thisi this Bible. And so their name will be taken off the book of life because they took the the truth out of the word of God. Hallelujah. And that's why those denominations die. They don't have the life of Christ. They might have bigger numbers, but God doesn't worry about numbers. God worries about quality, not quantity. Hallelujah. All right. So simple. Simple enough by God's grace. Amen. Uh this might be my last one. It's I'm almost at 7:45 here. The next thought, which is this is why I read Malachi 45 and 6. Uh the next thought in this masterpiece, the next part of it, it's the end time restoration of the bride because the seed that went in the ground has to come back to its original form. In other words, the seed has to produce more seeds. Hallelujah. I'm using this in a parable now of the bride, the masterpiece that's coming forth. As the masterpiece fell, there's a masterpiece rising. Hallelujah. He's talking about the church, how they uh the church was almost extinct, right? Uh during the dark ages, he also uses Nika as well. Na Rome around 3:25 AD. She's come through a process, but she's coming right back again to that masterpiece perfected because she's a part of that word that was spoken by him. He'll have a church without spot or a wrinkle. So that means no sin. That means no adding to the word, no taking any word of the way. Right? That's a church without spot or wrinkle wrinkle. So church, what do we want to do? We just want to be Bible believers. Now the danger today is where people say, "Oh, every word of Brother Brandham, thus sayith the Lord." You poor deceived hypocrite. Brother Brandham said, Brother Brham said there's mixups on the tapes. Brother Bam said, "I'm not infallible." Brother Bam said, "My words will fail, but God's words will never fail." I preach on that a lot, don't I? That's because I can't stand that deity spirit, right? It's the Antichrist. They They worship Brother Brandham. But did brother Brandham point us to the word? Yes. Did Brother Brandham speak with us, say the Lord? Yes. And so we accept those. Brother Brandham said, "Prove everything I say by the Bible." Prove all things by the scripture. Brother Bram said, hallelujah. See it can't it'll not be connected any way with any kind of an organization denomination the curse thing. So the Pentecostal denomination is cursed. That's when I was raised in. It's passed through those things but it will never be there. In other words, it won't be in the bride. There'll be no denomination the bride because they add to the word or they take away. So brother Chris the denomination I was raised in assembly of God. They've added tongues as the evidence to the Bible. That's not the evidence. There's five times the Holy Ghost fell in the book of Acts. Only three of them have tongues. Two of them don't have tongues. Right. And then Paul said, "Do all speak with tongues?" Of course, no. The answer is no. Hallelujah. All right. Let me see how many I got to find a place to close here. Let me see. Okay. Yeah. I think I'll close with that one. Okay. Uh yeah. Now, notice he said the husk when it comes forth looks just like the grain. But when the grain life begins to leave the husk to go to make the grain, the bride, the husk opens up and excommunicates the grain. So I I could we could have named our church grain of Christ fellowship. The husk opens up and excommunicates the grain. I don't know if everybody caught that, but nature. That's exactly what she did in Revelation 3. Now look, this is a beautiful thought. I shared this on Sunday, but I want you to show this. I want to show this again. the husk pulled away from the grain. And brother said, "Let me show you the scripture for that." Revelation 3:20. Revelation 3:20. Do you want to read that, Sister Kim? Do you want to read that for us? Amen. Let's go for two claps. Thank you. We always cheer on people who clap or I'm sorry who read rather but our people are used to it. Your visitors we're going to clap for you. Hallelujah. Brother Ram had women read scriptures in his services. I've heard it. Listen to the adoption series. He had them he did that at times. So So again, the the husk pulling away from the grain. Brother Ram said that is that scripture the the Pentecostal church has pulled away from brother Ram's Bible message and now Jesus is trying to get back into the church. The se the seed is outside the church and the church said the seed is outside the husk. Jesus outside the church. That's beautiful. That's beautiful how we saw that. He said it had to be the Holy Ghost. Now see it didn't back in the other ages because there was something else yet to be made. So notice Jesus was never outside the church till the Leodysian church age. Now he's on the outside trying to get back in. Can I please get in to my church? Hallelujah. He said it passed through and went on to another. I've told you all along there's no more denominations coming. We're at the end. And they put him out because why? He's the word again. He's the one that fell down there. He's the same doctrine. Notice that word. We have to have miracles and we have to have doctrine. We have to have both. We have to have the spirit, miracles, and the word doctrine. Okay? And that's second John 1:9. Would you like to read that, Sister Sandy? Would that be okay? Second John 1:9. Take your time because I'm going to keep reading here. He's the same doctrine that come forth from the beginning. And when the seed word begins to grow forth, the husk puts it from itself. The life leaves all the others to follow it. See, that's why we got to follow the word, right? Wherever the word takes us, we got to follow the word of God. That's the true believers. They follow the life wherever the life goes. And let me just add this in here. If you are in a message church and they started preaching false doctrine, you've got to leave that church and go to where there is life because you will always follow the word. And the church said, if I preach false doctrine and you come to me and I don't correct it, you should leave and find somewhere else to go. You have my permission. I'm not going to keep you here by fear. You go where the life goes. But I've got life. Hallelujah. Amen. And we've kept it straight for 20 or 19 years. Our church has been going on for 19 years. We kept it straight because we're found in the life. The life is in us. And we can do nothing else except follow the life. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister, you want to read that? 2 John 1:9. Give her two class. Great job, Sister Sandy. Hallelujah. I love that verse because brother Ram said he's the same doctrine, right? So, he's both spirit and life. Brother Ram says in uh the rising of the sun, mechanics and dynamics. Good. You got to have you gota if you got a car, brother said it's great if you got all the parts. Everything's in place. He said, but you need a spark to get it going. Hallelujah. If you don't have a spark plug, you ain't going no matter how nice it looks, you're not going anywhere. Same thing for us. We can we can know all the word. But we got to have the Holy Ghost here to do supernatural things. Praise God. We got to have both. And thank God we got it by God's grace. We just had a a word of faith, right? We just had the gift of faith operate before Tulsi was born back in May. Foretold the future. Hallelujah. By God's grace. Amen. See, so you got to have the spark. You got to have the life as well. And you got to have the right doctrine. I like what brother said. He's the same doctrine. So, we have the same doctrine in the book of Acts church. And we have to have supernatural miracles, signs and wonders, and the gifts of the Holy Ghost. He's going to say it later. I'm not going to get to tonight, but brother says, uh, we don't go after the gifts. He said, but we get the life of the gifts. So, gifts do operate in our lives, but it's not our main thing we go after. Like the Pentecostal church I was always in. Tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue church every once a year in the summer they'd have a revival a week long revival and every night the they'd have a evangelist come up and he'd invite everybody up and they would just pray for you and and say Jesus Jesus Jesus till you get the Holy Ghost every year. It was like clockwork, right? And I was raising I was raising. I know what I'm talking about. And it was just tongues, tongues, tones, tongues, tongues, right? And one night I went up there, I was eight or nine years old. They called me up there. I took the sucker out of my mouth. I was licking a sucker in church. That kind of tells you about no deacons in the church. If you lick a sucker here, I'm gonna say, "Could you go throw that sucker away?" And I and and there was anointing there. They prayed for me. My grandpa shook me. You know, my grandpa loves me. He's like, "Ah, Jesse, come on. Is that okay?" Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hope I don't hurt your neck there, buddy. You're good. But he's just praying for me. I'm like, and just under that anointing and the I started saying, "Jesus, I started crying and they they they thought I spoke in tonesues." Well, church, I walked away there. I didn't know I didn't speak in tonesues. My word just got jobbled up or whatever. It wasn't stammering lips. It was just mixed up lips. Stammering lips was a real thing. And the Bible says that they really spoke in tongues. And the proof of it was after they prayed, I put the sucker in. I was crying, but I walked back outside and played some baseball. But every year that that's what it was. But see, if you have God's word, you'll follow the life of the word. Hallelujah. Now, what we need is more people seeking the baptism of the Holy Ghost. If you don't have it, like I said, come up here. We'll pray for you. Lay at the altar. Uh, wait. Whatever you need. Brother says, "As long as you need to die out, that's you need to die out to be born again." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank God. Okay, now I'm already at my 40 minutes here. So, let me look at the last slide here. I might do one more here uh to kind of finish up. Yeah, let's finish up with one quote, one slide here. Okay. like Israel. So, brother gives us another example. So, not only do we have the wheat seed, not only do we have the three works of grace, now he's going to give us a third example of it, the pillar of fire with Israel. Okay? So, listen. But in a perfect type, in the beginning, everywhere the pillar of fire went was life. As long as they follow the pillar of fire, they had life. Right? God was that light. And I don't care if it was midnight or whether they was in a good selected place. When that pillar of fire moved, the trumpet sounded and Israel moved with it. Hallelujah. And when the trumpet sounded, Martin Luther moved out with it. He organized uh not he himself, the men after him. I believe Martin Luther had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I believe that. Now, I could be wrong. Some people think he only has a portion, but I believe according to the life he lived, I believe he had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But his eyes just couldn't see all the revelation of the word. That's just my thought. Because when was the last time you put your life on the line like he did and sacrifice all that he did for the gospel of Jesus Christ? Most people today don't even compare to him, which they don't have to. He's one of the seven stars. Like he's he's one of the seven stars in the hand of Jesus with Paul, with brother Brandham, with John Wesley. Brother said sometimes he'd preach eight sermons a day and they'd throw vegetables at him and all kinds of things. Beat him up, all kinds of things. There's a few times he almost lost his life getting beat up. John Wesley. See the men after Martin Luther denominated and then God took the life out of that brought it in and laid it down in a grave. Okay, this was my last slide. Musicians can come because I'm going to make sure I close. I'm not going to not going to transgress my word. But brother did say though, brother did say in that mastery sermon, he said, "I broke my own rule." He said I was only going to preach, listen to it. He said, "I said I was only going to preach an hour." He preached two hours and 17 minutes. He said he told the brother, "Set the timer, let the light go off at 30 minutes." And when he passed 30 minutes, he's like, "Brother, you don't do the light off." He said, "I guess I I break my own rules." See, I try to make a rule. I try to follow. So, here's the uh Now, I added this that's just a nucleus of a cell, right? That's where the life is. The life is in the the the nucleus of the cell. So, that that's what is the life of that the the life in the nucleus here in the cells. The life flows up, okay, to the seed. And now now the life is in here. Once the life's in here, this dies. Okay. When the har after the harvest, I'm talking about after. And so said another example is a pillar of fire. Israel, the pillar of fire led them through the Red Sea. And then the pillar of fire led them through the wilderness. And then the pillar of fire in Joshua's day led them into the promised land, which is a type of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. How many How many can understand that by God's grace? Are you glad I went over it twice? Okay, let's stand to our feet. Praise God. I'll stop right there. That's a That's actually a really good place to stop. Now, let me just show this. I'm just going to show this one. Give me one more. This is for Sunday. Brother Brandon has a vision. How many remember the preview of the the bride vision? He sees the early Pentecost church walk by and they're marching. He's like, "Oh, this is holy. This is beautiful." And then he sees a church of uh Asia, uh Switzerland, Germany. And then he sees the American church. She said, "That's the worst of all." But said, he started crying. He said, "Is it after all the laboring I've done, the prayers, is this all we could produce?" But said, the voice said, "Here comes the bride one more time." Thank God. And you and I were in that group, I believe. Hallelujah. And he says, "Oh, it's the church. She looks just like she did at the beginning." God's masterpiece. You start with a seed, it produces a whole plant, and then it ends up with another seed. From seed to seed, from glory to from faith to Hallelujah. The light shines more unto a perfect day. Let's bow our heads here. We'll try to get to that, Lord willing, on Sunday. Yeah, that was about 45 minutes or so by God's grace. Hallelujah. Brother Random said, "I'm the happiest person because God let me see this masterpiece." Church, let's leave here happy tonight. There's actually life in our church. Cuz if I took you down the Assembly of God, they say, "Well, you only got the Holy Ghost, so you speak in tonesues." And you try try. You might feel so bad. You might pretend to speak in tongues just so you you get some relief off your off your shoulders. But church, there's real life here. I've seen it, Brother Chris. I've known many people that spoke in tongues turned out to be thieves, adulterers, fornicators. But brother, God has kept our church clean. We got the spirit and the word. Hallelujah. The life of Jesus Christ. And if you don't know, watch my life. Austin's watching my life. Ask my children about my life. Look at my children's life. That's what sets Christians apart from everybody else. The life that they live. the full life. Not just if whether you speak in tongues or you have a miracle here or there, which that's all we can ask. We can't make God do any miracles, but it's living the life of Jesus Christ. Does that make sense? Amen. Praise God. God is good to us. Let's bow our heads. Father God, we're thankful for today. Thank you for these great truths of the masterpiece that you gave to your prophet. This is Elijah's masterpiece, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, this meant so much to me when I heard it. And I thank you, Lord, for letting me hear in a special way that I never heard it before where I heard Brother Am said, "Let me let if this is my last sermon, let me tell you my masterpiece." And Lord, I'm so glad I can see the masterpiece. The anointed ones of the end time, the church ages. Hallelujah. Grant it, Lord God, that the three works of grace denominations are dead because the life has left. Oh, thank you, God, for your mercy and grace. Lord, of all my Christian friends that I've met since I've been a child, I can attest that the greatest life of Christ I've seen is in this message. I wouldn't be here, Lord, if I didn't believe that. So God, help us, encourage us to keep living the life we're living, but actually live closer to you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, let the full life in the grain, Lord God. Let it be produced in our lives, Lord God. May we keep growing up into the stature, the fullness of Jesus Christ. We're thankful for your prophet, but our prophet was not our God. Our prophet was not our savior. Jesus Christ is our savior. Hallelujah. Thank you, God. And brother Ram's masterpiece wasn't himself. It was the idea of the wheat plant, the life of Jesus Christ, going from seed all the way up to reproducing more seed. Lord, that's what Isaiah 53 said. He shall have travail of soul and he shall see his seed. He shall see the masterpiece reproduced. Oh God, let us be a real work of God. Lord, even our visitors, bless them. Whatever works in their lives you need to do, I pray you'd complete it in their lives. Lord, remember the home church, Lord. My my life needs work. You're still chipping away at my life, Lord. That's what brother said at the end of the sermon. He said, "We don't feel like masterpieces. So keep working on us, Lord. God, keep working on every person here from the eldest to the youngest, Lord. God, each member of the body of Christ, keep working on us, Lord God. Make us more like you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. And we just want to say thank you, Lord. If your prophet was happy for this masterpiece, we should be happy, too. Lord, we love you. We give you all the honor and praise in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said,
