################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - (9-28-25) Sunday Morning Service - Simon Smith - Simon Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-28
Title:   (9-28-25) Sunday Morning Service - Simon Smith
Speaker: Simon Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWmnrpzr0SI
========================================

uh we got to do a little teaching here by God's grace and uh but uh as things have transpired I mean think about the last two weeks of three weeks that have taken place the things oh saints of God things are moving I hope that you are able to see the things that are moving in our midst okay something took place on the 10th something in the natural and something in the spiritual this is these are big moves here by uh the powers that be Um, I don't know if Sister can get this up on here. Uh, we want to, um, uh, hopefully this will work. It worked the last time. Oh, there we go. Praise the Lord. So, um, let's, uh, stand here to, um, First Kings 18. I administer something on this again, but saints, I really believe this. I need to just uh, look at this again. Um because I believe there's I don't think you can under under uh teach this. I don't think there I don't I don't in other words I don't think you can teach this enough. Um and I'm not the best orator. You know, you know what I like about the revival is a lot, they say a lot of the guys there that brought the Holy Ghost down and this and that, they were not refined speakers. Right now, I'm not a refined speaker, but I'm just I want to I'm just trying to I say, "Hey, just listen trying to listen to what the Lord's put on my heart here." &gt;&gt; And I really just uh when I read this, I was I was trying to find what you know, but just hit me on hit me up on Thursday and I just kind of was reading the Bible and like, "Lord, where do you want me to go?" And then this scripture came up here um one of the couple there and I want to uh uh just um speak on this here by God's grace this morning. Uh first Kings 18 and uh let's start at verse 20 there. So Ahab sent unto all the children of Israel and gathered the prophets together unto mount Carmel. And Elijah said unto all the people and said, "How long halt ye between two opinions? If the Lord be God, follow him. But if Baal be but if Baal, then follow him." And the people answered him not a word. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, Lord, we love you. We come before you humble, reverent, Lord God. Lord, how we desire, Lord, to have more of the fear of the Lord. How to reverence you more, God, Lord, and Lord, to keep everything just pure and holy before you, Lord God. And Lord Jesus, we want to please you in all things, Lord. And Lord, uh we're just standing here asked to be here, God. We got the invitation. And Lord, God, we want to bring, Lord, what's been on my heart here. This has been something here stirring. And Lord, be with the people, God. Lord, I just ask God that you would speak to them, God, Lord. And Lord, that you would say what you would have me to say. And Lord God, Lord, may they be able to discern, Lord, between me speaking and you, Lord. And Lord, just uh uh the exact words, Lord, that you the exact uh feeling you want to give off, Lord God, by this little study, Lord. We just certainly love and appreciate you, Lord. Bless the people. Give them strength, God. Anoint them, Lord. Protect them, God. Protect them, Lord, in their bodies. Protect them in their spirit realm, Lord. And Lord Jesus, I ask God you'd seal each one in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Seal them with the Holy Ghost. Lord, we love you, Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated there. Um uh it's just always good to come here and to someday, you know, but Jess like, "Hey, brother, could you come and sit in service?" Yeah, I'd love to do that. Absolutely. Just sit here and I might stay for second service. Uh I guess we got a testimony. Uh so I think I might stay for that. sit with you saints in there and a nice seat there and then you know sometimes I show up here then we see uh Sister Caris there just as tall as I can be can be then Sister Haven I always thought Haven Sister Haven was going to be littleer than me well she's getting bigger she's growing and we see all these things that's exciting to see because I always want the best right as an uncle you want them to be bigger taller faster stronger than their uncle right even even the sisters right even the girls absolutely Uh but um in this thought saints uh so it's good to see family good to see the church family the spiritual family may god bless you each one may god give you strength and uh uh but this morning I would like to speak on on is there a difference so I I I I I feel uh that we are getting very very close to this rapture. I believe we're getting very very close to this persecution to the the economical move that's coming. I believe that we're just who knows how much I I I it would not surprise me if this thing went down tomorrow. It would not even surprise me the way things have went. Right? So uh in this saints of God in in every in every church age in every uh walk of life in every period of time in the Old Testament in in everything saints of God there's always been two opinions. You know the prophet of God he said he said up in up before uh the fall took place in heaven that Lucifer was the right-hand man of God. He was literally the covering anointed cherub angel that watched over the great Jehovah that watched over Jesus Christ, right? And and he was the covering angel. He was the one that was uh leading songs or however and he was there. But then of course then he have to he came upon his own opinion. He got a thought from somewhere something inside of him. He started to look at himself and realize how beautiful he was. and he was looking at other angels. He would even look at the the the pillar of fire, the uh God himself, and say, "Man, I'm even more beautiful than the pillar of fire or or I'm even more wise than most these angels. Why why am I not being the one worshiped? This is and and and in those thoughts, that's what caused his fall because of what he thought about his beauty." Right? Uh so when these things uh and now notice at that time then of course we know that the prophecy he said that Satan Lucifer went up and set his own kingdom up on the north side of heaven. Now how does that work? I don't know anything about that. Alls I know it was the north side and it was in heaven and he was setting up a kingdom right and he deceived what onethird of the angels there and then at that time I'm sure they must have have started setting up services another church service up there in heaven what worshiping him. Now can you imagine that? Here's all powerful God. Here is God that uh speak literally brought forth creation. He spoke them. He actually created the very angels. He created Lucifer. Now Lucifer thinks so highly of himself that he goes and sets up his own church service, his own place up in heaven and he leads songs and he deceives these angels. The word went out amongst the angels and said, "Hey, Lucifer is starting something over here. He's got a different idea. He's got a different plan. Listen to this and this and this and this. Well, guess what? All them angels, one-third of them, what decided to follow him and they started having services there. Oh my goodness. And then one time when the Lord would set up a call for church, well, here's all the angels and God was like, "Well, where's the covering angel? Where's where's where's Lucifer? Where's the covering angel? Where's my right-hand man?" And all of a sudden, obviously, God knowing everything, nothing succumbs some prize, right? And he said, "All right, boys. Let's gather up. We're going to war. Gather. Put your hands on, right? Put your heart your helmets of this and your swords and all these sort of things, whatever." How they were dressed at that spot. And they went over and kicked Satan out, right? And uh but at that time there was two opinions. Who is who is who is the one to be worshiped? Lucifer or the Lord Jesus Christ? Uh the devil or God himself? Right? Who is it? Now, now notice here at this time period right here, um he says, look what Elijah said unto the people. He says, "How long haul shall you be between two opinions, saints of God, you know why, you know why I I feel this way this morning is because of what has taken place the last couple weeks? There has been an assassination of a religious figure in America and we were given a story within two or three days. were given. Oh, it was this it was this gunman here and how he shot here and this is it. And now, saints of God, we're three weeks, two weeks, two and a half, three weeks past that. And now there's over a thousand theories on what is taking place? What is truth? Is it a hologram? Was there something right here that blew up and went this way? Was it a shooter from behind? Saints of God, what is going on? What is truth? When these things takes out, now we see what a darkness come in. An unknown comes in and now there's debates on this, debates on this, thoughts on this. Well, I think it's this, saints of God. And now what? It's a complete utter hole or or or just stirring pot of what? Confusion. &gt;&gt; And we know who the author of confusion is. Now, why did why did why did it go down like this? Why was everything this and this and the saints of God to what what does confusion do? It causes division. &gt;&gt; Why were the uh American Indians defeated by the Anglo or the English? What? Because they were divided amongst their own tribes and would not unite to fight the white man. Right? That's what took place. What? So division. This is all coming to cause division on Facebook there. My other nephew on my wife's side text about this. He said, he said, "Man, this is going to get bad." And I said, "Yes." I said, "It's going to defide the country and saints of God, here we are, and now there's now as as I've told brothers, men on the on the job site, what's taking place? This is turning religious. This thing is going to turn towards Christianity socalled. This is And now notice what do they have? They have a woman rising up full of makeup, full of this, wearing uh pants and dressing like a man and this this and now she's going to she has made head now of her husband's business. My right now we have two opinions. What is truth saints? What is truth? Right now notice uh I want to speak on on this way. I'm going to go this way for a little bit here. Now notice I want to I want to show you two quotes here. This everything hinges on this these look at these quotes. Now I'm not trying to say oh but I'm just look look at this. Look look how this is spoken. Now our eternal destination is not altogether by what we see and what we hear. Well, brother Malc's like brother S. I saw that hologram projector and it was it wasn't even real. It wasn't even him and this and this and I say, "Well, brother Mal, well, I believe that blood that was spurting out of that neck was caused by a bullet that came and lodged and that was the exit wound." And now what? We're we're we're tossed on. We're we're we're having a disagreement on something when that absolutely means nothing. Right &gt;&gt; now, we can have a discussion on that, right? But is that a salvation issue? No. That is a distraction. Saints, &gt;&gt; let me tell you something. And when I I just recently listened to Lester Summerall's testimony and he was a minister from denomination way he died in like 9698 and he was one of the he's one when he was in his 20s he was living he was stationed over he was living over in England in the Wales right and he and he heard about Smith Wigglesworth and this is after the ri revival after his ministry was over he was an old man he's just kind of waiting for his time for God to take him home and he said that he said He had he said he went to a meeting and he preached this this he says and he and Smith Wigglesworth came up to him and said sir my name is Smith Wiggles he goes oh I know I know who you are he goes oh my name is Smith Wigglesworth he says why don't you come see me sometime brother Smith Wigglesworth said brother Lester can you come over and see me sometime over my house he goes it's such and such and such and the guy's like I would love to come and talk to Smith Wigglesworth the great revivalist the great preacher the man who cast out demons he healed the sick raised the dead all these sort of things. And you know what? What took place? The man, he said he excited. He waited a little bit of time. He just he didn't want to push it, but he waited a couple weeks. Finally, he said he called up. He said, uh, sent him a letter. Hey, I'll be showing up at a certain date. Sure enough, he shows up and he's he he that morning, he was walking through. He said he grabbed the paper. He bought the paper right off the streets, gave him like a dime or a quarter or a nickel, whatever it was, cost to that. He got the the morning paper. He put it under his arm like this. He's walking up to Smith Wigglesworth's house and he goes like this. You know, he goes, "They didn't have uh doorbells back there, but they had knockers, right?" He's like, "Tink tink dink dink." Guess who opened the door? Smith Wigglesworth. Smith Wigglesworth didn't say anything. Just looked him up and down. Oh, good to have you here. Absolutely. He said, "What you got under your uh your arm there?" Talking about this newspaper. Smith Wigglesworth uh you could come in, but that can't come in. He goes, "That's full of lies. And the guy's like, Lester's like, "Okay." So he takes a newspaper, throws it in the bush, he said, and then they came in. He came in to fellowship, right? But he was calling. Well, even back in the early 1900s, it was the 1920s. Smith Wiggle knew the what? The newspaper was corrupted. The news is corrupted. They're not saints of God. Holy Ghostfilled men do not own the newspapers. Holy Ghost fil men do not own the television stations. Holy Ghostful men do not hardly own anything in this world. Okay, remember that. Remember everything you see, everything you hear, given to you by the media is given by people who don't know God. &gt;&gt; It's given by people who do not care about your eternal destination. And if they do, they want it not to go up, but they want it to go down. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because all these things are lies. All these things are deceptions. All these things are distractions. Trying to get your mind on these distractions instead of the word of God. Saints of God, if you want to catch the revelations, you have to what what did David say in the Psalms? He said, "You've got to meditate on the word of God. How can you meditate on Jesus? How can you meditate on the Psalms, on the proverbs, and wait for what and what takes place? Then after you meditate, you I can't remember which which man I I listened to, but he said he said first of all, he says you got to read, you got to pray over before you read the word, he said, then you read the word, he said, and after you've read the word, you go and find a place, a nice little secret place or out in the wilderness or whatever. He says, and you start meditating on the word of God, and then what he said, then the revelations will start dropping. Amen. &gt;&gt; But how are you going to catch these revelations if you can't even meditate on the word of God when all these other distractions are on your mind? &gt;&gt; Saints of God, remember, keep the things of the world with them. &gt;&gt; Don't even let don't just if it's already in your mind like it's in mind. What you've got to cast these things out. Forget about it. Let them deceive the masses. But saints of God, you've got to look out for your own soul. Amen. We have to watch out for our own selves. Absolutely. That's what we want to do. Now notice he says, "Now our eternal destination is not determined by what we see and hear, but it's determined on what we dis on what discernment we have on what we see in here." &gt;&gt; So you and I might see the exact same thing. You and I might see things differently on what's taking place here. But can we discern the same things? Can at the end of the day say Malachi You know, maybe it was a hologram. I don't know. But one thing for certain, we're going to church on Sunday and we're going to church on Wednesday, &gt;&gt; right? Saints of God, those things are so trivial. It's like, man, this is so obvious of how a trick how much of a trick this is. This is so in our faces. Saints of God, this is not even deceiving. &gt;&gt; It is deceiving to these who are not at focus on the word of God. Do not know that there's a white horse rider riding right now. Now notice they don't even know there's a pale horse. What is a pale horse? The ram said that pale horse was made up of all three. &gt;&gt; So this last death horse, this run called death riding this pale horse is going to come with deception. It's going to come with uh uh persecution. And it's going to come with what? To steal the wealth of the world all of in one age. See why Leo is so rough. &gt;&gt; It's not just deception. &gt;&gt; It's just not persecution and murder and martyrdom and that. is not just stewing the we of the world at one focus and part of time but it's all of them encapsulated in one time period. Welcome to Leodysia. Welcome to the days of Noah. Welcome to the days of Lot. Right. Amen. Absolutely. Saints of God. That's why when the headstone comes down, it's going to be crying grace grace because we're going to need it. &gt;&gt; This is the most deceptive age that has ever been. And you know what your one of the first sermons your pastor ever preached that has always stuck with me back in 2003 I think it was called modern day Judas I'll tell you what I was just listening I was like oh my goodness brother Jess is an absolute masterpiece but what as we get closer to the thing it's going to be more and more deceptive right remember there is brother said there's one last trial one last test for the bride we have to pass it right Now notice as we discern these things with we have to have the discernment. Now notice if you lack discernment what's going to take place you must make a choice. &gt;&gt; Each one of you each one of us has to make a choice. &gt;&gt; Each one of us need individual discernment to see what is going on. You know brother Randy he also sent me a a thing. He looked at last name Kirk. You know what the last name Kirk means? It means church. You know what Erica means? That name Erica, it means eternal protector. So notice here's a woman who's an eternal protector. Church. Who's the eternal city? The Catholic Church. What is a religion? She's Catholic, saints of God. This is so obvious, so plain. What they just the the the meanings are the the things are laying in the names, right? He says, "You must make a choice. Your choice will determine what your eternal destination will be. So, it's not even what you discern. You might be able to say this is right or this is wrong. Let's say let's say something is bringing forth and you're hearing it and it's true and you discern that it's true. But if you make a wrong choice, He came to and he had to discern if this was God, if this was someone special, if this was the Messiah or not. And guess what? He made the right choice. But what he was willing to come and meet the Christ. Amen. He's willing to make to meet Jesus. Amen. Now, uh, now I want you I want this. I want this next quote. Actually, I had we had I had actually had problems. A brother kicked up because of this quote, but guess what? Here, we're going to read anyhow. He says, "Now the word the word of God or the church dogmas is before you. You can take accept what the church dogmas of the church, he says, or you can take what the word says. Remember, in all ages has been as it is right now. What does that tell you? In every age, it's been so close to deceive the very elected. We have the highest level of deception now, though. But back in the Ephesian age, there was deception there. That was the original. Why horse rider saints? &gt;&gt; And they were he was deceiving. The antichrist spirit was deceiving. But remember at that time in that first church age, it was so close as to deceive the very elected because the elected that time only had so much revelation and Satan was working with the revelation that they had right there. &gt;&gt; See, so we it's not uncommon. All of our forefathers, all of our fore mothers, all of our families, all our brothers and sisters that came before us had to make a call because what the deception was there. &gt;&gt; It's always been about deception, saints. &gt;&gt; That's been the whole thing is we we not man I saw this I could it was just like there it is. There is always a popular belief among the people and it's always been a little contrary to the real word. Now, is this thing with Charlie Kirk and all that, is that going to deceive you? This woman rising up with makeup and blackness around her eyes and hair done up and dressing like whatever, is she going to deceive you? Absolutely not. Not Not even close to deceiving. We'll look at it and say, "Yeah, that that's exactly prophecy. Prophecyy's winding up. Here we go." But the deception will be so close to the true word of God. The deception will be what? Right in the message. He says, "Remember, it's never been right out. Deny it." Oh, no. The Antichrist don't deny the word. Certainly not. He says and believes it, but just not all of it the way it's wrote here. See? See? Right. Amen. Now notice uh and I think saints of God as this thing progresses we're going to see more deception. I believe this is going to get so remember I I just heard it on the way yesterday listen the prophet when he was reading when he was talking about Matthew 24 uh he was just reading he says he's a and they'll come false Christ uh uh he and they'll they'll pack something he so close as to deceive the very elected and when he said that word elected he goes he goes look at that he says elected he says he said the only way you cannot be deceived if is if you're predestined. So, it's not even really your choice. And yet, God gives you a choice. But the predestined, those that have their names on the lamb's book of life will not be deceived. And by that only, saints of God, that's why we can rest assure. We can you can have comfort and say, "The Lord has called me. The Lord has revealed this message to me. God has revealed this word. &gt;&gt; I can't be deceived. Why? Because what? He's already revealed himself to me. Amen. Yeah. Now, uh in moving here, look here. It says, "Now, first Peter 5'8 says, "Be sober and be vigilant, saints of God, as we go through this life, as we're rounding this thing, as we're rounding the corner on this. Something took place on September 10th. Now, we have the the missing of the rapture and all these saints of God. This thing is crazy. It's it's everything's out of control there. The the I was like this. Darkness has filled the land even more. It's getting darker and darker. You know, I there are two people in our church that had dreams of this. Pastor Gam had a dream. He says where he was in a spot. He says in time, he says it was complete darkness. And the Holy Spirit, the pillar of fire spoke to him and says, "Go out and make a uh draw people to the door of the rapture." And he said he goes he was walking in the darkness and he she said he was so close to people he it was so dark he couldn't even he couldn't even see who their faces was but he kept saying come to the rapture come to the rapture come on come on let's go to the rapture go to the rapture and he said he got him right up to the door and the Holy Spirit told him again said turn back and do one more cry one more call out went back into the darkness please come come the rapture is coming rapture coming he says and he went and he brought another group he says and all of a sudden he said the door opened And the last thing he woke up, he said, "I'm" He was screaming, "I made the rapture." But at the time of the rapture, it's going to be so dark. What did Matthew 25? Their lamps went out and they said, "Give us of your oil, they could not see." There's another sister in our church that had a dream. She said it was so dark. She said she was coming, she was in a dream. She said it was dark. She's walking around. and a pillar of fire came and started moving to her and she was able to see she said and it went right into her and it was right at the coming of the Lord. Saints of God, it's going to get darker than this. Brother S, I don't think No, I don't think it this thing is so confusing right now. America, remember once that woman rises up, what takes place? America's destroyed. Once that woman takes either either it's the Catholic Church, once she's vice president or president, whatever whatever whatever form God seems to reveal this as once she takes power, she'll be extremely beautiful but extremely cruel in heart. What then? Judgment will strike her. Is this her? Is it revealed to us now that this is her? Be sober. Be vigilant. In other words, this is it's time to shake off anything worldly. It is it is beyond time. We are behind time. I'll say like that to where we should be. Now, in the mind of God, everything is just in order. Because remember, God can move this thing with just one voice, one word of his voice, with one moving of of his spirit, one downpouring of the Holy Ghost. And he's got us in order because remember, he does the work. Amen. Even Christ when he was in the flesh, he said, he says, "Not I that do the work, but what? It's the father doeth the work. It's the Holy Ghost. Nothing can be done without the power of the Holy Ghost." Amen. Be sober. Be vigilant. He says, "Because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about seeking whom he may devour, he's hunting you." You know that you are the hunted. Someone is trying to set every trap possible for your souls. To some, what are the three traps? pride of life, uh, lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes, and pride of life. Those three, the devil's trying, he knows. I like this. He's been studying human psychology since day one. Look how good he was back 6,000 years ago with Eve. Boom. First try, got her. He watches. He knows weaknesses. He knows what your weakness is, saints. Remember, do not deceive yourself. I seen a man one time challenge the devil. He's all that devil. If he was here, I'd knock him out. Within three weeks, he was back out in the world. Never came back to Christ. He was on fire for God. He was witnessing. Oh, praise the Lord, brother. You want a Bible study? I'll have Brother Simon or Brother Cracker, big brother uh Brother Brooks or whatever do Bible studies. He's witnessing, living for the Lord. He come to church, worship this. And one day, I seen him, I was I was there. He goes, he goes, "Man, if that devil came here, I'd knock him out." in three weeks, hasn't been back since. The devil is more than a match for any of us. But he wasn't sober. He did not approach his Christianity, his salvation soberly. He did not approach God as like, "Lord, I need you." He was what what was he saying? He was looking at his flesh like like God like like Satan's like Satan's a man. He's a spirit saints. He is a He is an angel with the highest of all the angels. The only thing you can't do is create. &gt;&gt; Keep what? Be sober. Be vigilant. Make sure you're watching. What they what they say when someone dies, they always have a v a vigil, right? They're all what? They're watching with their with their lights, their candles. They're watching, giving a moment time. What? Be sober. And what? look for the coming of the Lord because what he's going to he's trying to remember this is the last trap. This is the final move of the devil. Whom resist steadfast in the faith knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. Whatever we're going to see, saints of God, our brothers have already they're going through it right now. They're getting slaughtered. Thousands upon thousands of Christians are dying right now in other countries. murdered, martyed for the name of just simply for the name of Jesus Christ, not for believing servant seed, not for believing in one God, just because they identify themselves with Jesus Christ. Amen. Now look here in Ezekiel 28. Uh and the word Lord came unto me, saying, the son of man, say unto her, thou art the land that is not cleansed, nor nor rain upon the day of indignation. There is a conspiracy of her prophets in the midst thereof like a roaring lying ravening the prey. Notice the priests in this time in Israel were what? Just serpents. The devil was fully behind them and in them doing what they wanted. They have devoured souls. They have taken the treasure of the precious things. They have made her many widows in the midst of thee. Right? Now notice, look what it says here in verse 26. Her priests have violated my law. They have profaneed my holy things. You know, saints of God, there are holy things and there are unholy things. They have put no difference between the holy and the profane or the unholy. Think about let's let let me go back to my childhood and explain something. The way I'm seeing this, my mother raised us Pentecostal and every morning right before work or before school, she would listen to the Christian radio station and the Christian radio station would be on there and you know what they would be blasting because it was family oriented. It might have been focused on the family. I'm not sure what it was, but they were focusing on those things for children, for mothers, and they were blasting the cartoons that that the kids were watching. They said, "Don't you don't you let your children watch Smurfs." And they took that word Smurf and it means like a demon or a blue devil or something. But when I would go to church, my pastor was letting their children watch the Simpsons. [Laughter] My pastor was putting out Hollywood Halloween things out in the yard. My pastor let their children watch all these cartoons. And you know what we did as the boys, the children? Mom. Mom. Look at my eyes. The pastor lets his kids watch these things. Why? That's the pastor. Mom. [Laughter] My pastor saw nothing wrong with it. He could not discern good from evil. He could not discern from the holy things, which is the word of God, and the unholy things, &gt;&gt; children's entertainment back in the 80s and 90s. There's witchcraft all around. There was Gargaml. He was a wizard, a witch, completely unholy, unsanctified, a devil. And our pastor would let his children watch. Mom, okay, we can't watch Smurfs. Okay, we can't watch Scooby-Doo. We can't watch any of it because there's always ghosts in Scooby-Doo. There's always ghosts. Got the sheet on there with the little eyes cut out and they're like, "Right." I said, "Mom, maybe at least we could watch the S Simpsons. I'll never let you watch the Simpsons." But the pastor does. You know what my mom said? I don't care what he does. I'm running the show here. &gt;&gt; But my mom had enough sense. Grandma Ruby had enough sense to what? Be able to discern clean things from unclean things. &gt;&gt; Are we able to do it today? &gt;&gt; They to put no difference between the holy and profane. Neither have they shown the difference between the unclean and the clean. And they have hid from their eyes my Sabbaths. And I am profane among them. I happen to be going through every once in a while I hit them the Facebook there and I look at little posts and I was just on there and a minister from this message said first of all we've got to read the Bible and second of all and he lists two other books he said who were actually I looked at the the summary of these two books and they're Catholic influenced they're Catholic olics who wrote them and he's encouraging the young men of the message because these books have so much hero heroic courageous things that these people do in these books that after the Bible we should read these and I'm like what are you doing? He was not able to discern between the holy and the profane. So, I looked these books up and sure enough, Catholic author, Catholic author. In fact, they said even in the even in the the Google said these have Catholic themes all the way through them. And I'm thinking after the Bible, first of all, we should read the church age book. And I'm not saying read it. I'm studying this book, right? Then second of all, I would listen to or read 50 years in the church of Rome, saints of God. I'm telling you about that. Those three books right there, the Bible, the church age book, and 50 years of church, saints of God. Those things will set your hearts on fire. &gt;&gt; They will reveal things that you never thought possible. Right now, then after that, what about all the uh what's that? What's that? Uh the audio the audio plays they have uh not sights and sounds, but the golden ship, &gt;&gt; lamp lighter. What about all the books of lamp lighter? Let's read those. What is courageous, guys? What saints of God? What is courageous? What was what is being courageous? Or or or or teaching you to be a man? Someone out here casting spells and and slaying dragons and lions and this this or someone who's praying on their knees and the Holy Ghost is hearing their prayers and accomplishing their prayers. What is real courageousness? What is real bravery? What is real strength? Strength is in the Holy Ghost. Amen. Strength is praying. What that brother say from brother Cam had about two years ago. He came. He said, he said, "Brother," he goes, "We don't have much over there in Cameroon. We don't have much money." He says, "Our our our our church floors are still dirt." He says, "But when we have prayer meetings," he says, "Our five and six year old boys are praying so hard they're breaking into visions, and the visions are coming to pass." That's courageous. That's a move of God. Those are spiritual powerhouses, saints. But saints of God, can we discern this? Is this of God or not? Is this of God or not? &gt;&gt; Can we discern what's true and what's wrong? What's right? Is it is is this Christian or not Christian? &gt;&gt; There's there's a little catchy song out there right now. I don't know if you heard it. I think it was sent to me. Talk. It's about dusty Bibles. and new iPhones. And I wonder why we feel this way. The lyrics are powerful, but is it is it is it a little too rock and rolly? I don't know. It looks It looks a little But I'll say this. Let's get Let's get the dust off our Bibles. It packs a good message. Let's not go too far into it, but let's go to the Bible and see what the Holy Ghost tells us. Saints of God, the only way we're going to know be able to discern. Who gives a discernment? Brother Simon, I was naturally gifted in discernment. From the time from my mother's womb, I was discerning good milk from bad milk. I was discerning right good peas from bad peas. I was discerning all this this. Saints of God, this true discernment comes from the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Only God himself can give you discernment. &gt;&gt; He can show you little things. You just have to be looking. You have to keep your spiritual eyes open, saints of God. That's what the Bible The Bible, this is, this is a spiritual book, right? This is spir this is a supernatural book. If you can read this time and time again, things are going to jump out at your eyes and hit you in the spirit realm. Right? This is called what? Revelation. I just heard this this on the way here. Brother Ram said he said he said spiritual revelation can only be given by the Holy Spirit. Spiritual revelation is predestinated. Now, let's continue. Look at the time we're in. 90 about 90% of all Christians cannot discern what had just taken place a couple weeks ago. They don't understand. I just witnessed to a guy on Wednesday night right before church. I had I had to minister and I said, "His name is Dave." I said, "Dave," I said, "Did you watch what just took place?" He goes, "Yeah, yes, man. It's crazy." I said, "But do you know what she is and who she is?" And he goes, "What?" She's a Catholic. He goes, "What does that mean?" I said, "Dave, do you know who Revelation 17 is?" And he goes, "No, been a Christian for 40 years." I said, "The Revelation 17 is the Catholic Church." And he goes, "You're blowing my mind right now." And I said, you know, we know these things for as we come to word. But to him, it was fresh. And I said, you had better start investigating this because it's going to turn in a one world religion. It's this thing. They're going to unite. And he's just like, he goes, "Man, maybe we should have Bible study." I said, "Anytime you want, I'll be there." But he was not. He didn't even know those basic revelations. We have something we we take for granted now. Something we just we already well. Oh yeah, absolutely. That's revelations. That's the Catholic Church. Saints of God. to them it's unknown. Look here. Look at this next one. Woe unto them that call evil good and good evil. Did you know you are radical Christians? You guys are labeled cult. And yet what? We base everything on this. We can take this and go into a Baptist church and show that they're wrong and show them true baptism. We can go and take this to the Catholic church and show them, hey, you're there is no mediator between God and man. There's only one mediator and that's the Lord Jesus Christ. We can go to Assemblies of God and what we can say, hey, there's of of of the all the times the five times that people received the Holy Ghost, only three of them did they re speak in tongues. Right? So we can take this word and show them the truth. Now it's up to them then to discern if I speak if we speak true or false. Right? To discern what? Good and evil. Saints of God, can they discern it? Can you discern it? What? Woe unto them that call evil good and good evil. But did they not call our Lord be elabub? Did they not call Paul, he says, a heretic? Didn't they call Peter what? Just a deceiver, right? Became dangerous to the government. Right? He says, "And put darkness for light." What was that whole move? What is the whole move we're seeing right now? It's darkness and they call it the truth. This is the move of God. And yet it's darkness. You got to think what? Not just the sun and and moon, night and day. We got to think spiritually. They are bringing forth spiritual darkness. Because remember what is light? Jesus said, "I am the light." And what is who is he? He's the word. The true word is light. The true word is spiritual light. False word, false moves is complete darkness, void of the light. He says, "An light for darkness that put both bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter." In other words, we're going to pre preach easy things. God loves you, but they don't want nothing like you got to repent. &gt;&gt; You got to live clean and holy. Sisters, don't cut your hair. Don't wear no makeup. Brothers, don't wear no shorts. Don't show off your gigantic uh uh muscles or whatever this that, however, live clean. They don't want to hear the tough things, the bitter things that the Bible, saints of God, you go and pick any sermon of brother Brandham tonight, listen to it, and see if he doesn't preach on organization. Every almost every service he's blasting denominations. Every sermon, organization, Antichrist spirit, false doctrine. He says, "Woe unto them that are wise in their own eyes." He says, "I'm prudent in their own sight." Don't think you're nothing. Anything that you have, saints of God, any revelation you have is God-given. &gt;&gt; We must be grateful for everything the Lord has given us. &gt;&gt; Amen. So they call good for evil, evil, good. Now, is darkness a deception? Well, this is darkness really deception. No. He says, "And he showed me the church ages. They come up out of the ages and lo how vulgar. He said, "Then the last one was the last day church age which was led by a witch." H you know the witches of our day are saying this woman is rising up is is is is uh is one of theirs. You see how the some of the oultist websites are saying this this lady is one of theirs. She's going to move this thing. She's gonna This is exactly what this is playing definitely in the plan. He says, "And they were so immorally dressed, so filthy looking, and they were marching to the time of twist and rock and roll. And those women throwing themselves, saints of God, what is what is probably the most deceptive song. Let's just This is something Brother Cam found. We are one in the spirit. We are one in the Lord. We are one in the spirit. We are one in the Lord. And I pray that the unity will someday be restored. And they'll know we are Christians by our love. By our love. They will know we are Christians by our love. that was written by a Catholic priest to capture the Protestants to bring them back to the mother. That song and yet it's catchy, it's snappy, it's wow, it's got the right message, it's got the right vibe. Oh, it feels good. Yes, we are one in the spirit, but it's a Catholic song coming to woo you back to mama. But we sang that in Bible believers for years. until brother Cam's like typed it in like who wrote this anyhow? Oh my goodness. Think we've sang it since negative. Now notice he says immortally twisting the time rock and roll and those women throwing themselves out in twist and holding just paper gray. Notice how he used that word gray. These women had what? Gray covering them. Hypocritical. Gray is in between white and black which is a deceiving color. Gray is neither white nor black. It's a deceiving color. He says, that's why they say, "Oh, the messenger's gray areas. These gray areas, you got to study and pray on those." In reality, there's not too many gray areas. Very, very few gray areas by the scripture. Now, notice, let me, we're at about 45 minutes, saints. Just give me a second here. Uh, look here. Look at the look what Jesus said here. Woe unto you scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites, for ye tithe of mint and anise and cumin, and have omitted the weightier matters of the law. It's great to preach these things, but the weightier things, the most important things are not being preached. He says, judgment, mercy, and faith. What do we need to make in this rapture? Faith. You had better have faith. By faith Enoch, right? By faith Noah. By faith Abraham. By faith Samson. Saints of God is all faith. Faith is very, very important. You must have this rapturing faith, saints of God, to change your bodies. Amen. &gt;&gt; Saints of God, remember it. Where is your faith right now? &gt;&gt; Do you have enough faith right now that if I was if I was to get sick and say, "Oh, I start having a heart attack, brother." Would you have enough faith to pray over me and have God heal me right now? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Bring it up a notch. Now we we see we're surrounded by Philistines. Would you have enough to fa say, "Lord, come down here this temple. Come get me for this rapture. Lord, I need a body change." Now, do we have that faith? It's in us potentially. It's in us already. If you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, that faith is already lying within you. But it's got to what? come up higher. Something's got to remember, faith cometh by hearing. You're going to have to hear something specific. There has to be specific revelation. There's got to be something revealed to you to make this rapture. &gt;&gt; If faith cometh by hearing. And what's the hearing? By the word of God. There's got to be something that's being preached or something that has not been preached. There's got to be something coming that's going to raise your faith. &gt;&gt; Seek the Lord. What do What are we missing here? What do we need to go back and examine and say, "Here it is." And all of a sudden, you can walk on water. Can we walk on? Do we have enough faith to walk on water? Water. What's easier to walk on water or a body change? Walking on water. You got a better chance because you're still in your regular body. Thanks to God, we're coming. Remember, Jesus was operating in the old way before the fall. He was operating under a different set of laws. Why? Because he was faith. The old laws, the the fall took what? The fall took our revelation of who we are and our dominion. We can walk on water. You can walk on water. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can we just go do it? No. You've got to be led to do it. It'll be at the right time. It'll write the mode. Saints of God, if you're being chased at this last moment, because brother said, he said they'll hunt you down. If you're being chased and there's a mountain before you, if there's an obstacle before you, at that time, says the Holy Ghost, the anointing will strike you and you will speak the word and you'll run right through it. You have to you have to expect these things, but you have to be re it has to be real what you will not see death once it's revealed that you can't die, that you are not going to die, that you are rapture bound, that you are the bride of Jesus Christ, saints of God, at that time everything will be at your disposal. what you need will be there at the right time, at the right moment, in the right situation. He says, "And omitted the weightier matters of the law." He says, "Judgment, mercy," he says, "and faith." Now, look at this. The weightier matters. He says, "The words of the scribes," notice, notice this was the condition. I don't know if you remember when I taught on the the the seven seven types of Pharisees here. It was like five years ago, maybe six, seven years ago. I preached on the the seven types of Pharisees in the time of Jesus's Jesus's day. This was the mentality of the Jews. The words of the scribes, all of them are weighty. And that the sayings of the elders are more weighty than the words of the prophets. What was their condition? Whatever their scribes and priests said was greater than the word of God. It was heavier. They could read the Lord is my shepherd. I shall not weep. But when the pro prophet says or like this when the pastor or the the scribe says you know what at this time such and such and such or remember when this or this and Jehovah did this they will like hold to that saying it'll be like this is the greatest revelation ever instead of just taking the simple word of God. I wonder if we were there again. Now notice what is judgment. This is this is the way to your matters. And Jesus said, "I have done work and y'all mad y'all marvel." Moses therefore gave unto us circumcision, not because it is Moses, but of the fathers. And ye on the on the Sabbath day circumcise a man. If a man on the Sabbath day receives circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken. Are you angry at me because I have every made every man every made a man everywhere whole on the Sabbath day. Judge not according to the appearance. This is when Jesus healed the the man on the Sabbath day, right? And you're not supposed to do any work on the Sabbath day. What did Jesus do that was work? He just spoke the word. Is there anything in the law that says you can't speak on the Sabbath? No. You just can't work. You can only go so far this way and do this and that. And he says, "Judge not according to the appearance." He says, "But judge righteous judgment." In other words, what what takes how does what do you need to to have judgment? Discernment. Here's Solomon. Each of the harlot said, "That's my baby. That's my baby." That's a tough call. Who do you give it to? Both are saying looking you right in the eyes looking you straight face to the king said that's my baby right there that's my baby the other one says don't listen to him her that's my baby and now it takes the sermon Solomon knew the love of a mother he talked about his own mother he knew the love of a mother the love the mother would give anything to save that baby's life he said guards send me a bring me a sword both women are what is he going to do? He says, "All right, you both want it. I'm going to cut this baby in half. You can share it." And a real mother's heart, the real mother said, "Don't kill that baby. Give it to her." And by that confession, she knew she was the mother. Judge not according to appearance. To Solomon looked like both were mothers. both wanted that baby. But you have to have righteous judgment which takes discernment. Let me I've you know what I've noticed here is this next set of scriptures is very very important. Judge not lest you be judged. For with what judgment ye judge ye shall be judged and with what measure ye meet it shall be judged unto you again. I know of a situation right now We had or I seen a brother come in brand new outside like this. He thought he was a a Christian but he was very very green and he he struggled to go to church. He was sometimes he'd come in then he'd walk out and come in and walk out. Anybody seen that before? And a brother the church corrected him say brother you better be coming to the house of God. You better stay in church. Well, another brother heard that, stopped me, said, "Brother, so and so put him in line." And I'm looking at this man, and I'm thinking, "You skipped an entire year of church himself." You know what it takes to you know how you discern correctly? Why consider thou the moat is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye? Before you make a call on anyone or anything, I was like this, don't even make a call. But if you have to call, if you have to discern between this and this, you have to make sure you are clean. Are you very, are you guilty of the very same thing you're making call on? And you have to look and examine yourself. You have to know your thoughts. You know the thoughts and intents of your heart. God knows the thoughts and intents of your heart. You've got to know yourself and be honest. Am I guilty of what I'm saying about this brother or not? Is there anything in my life that's hindering me? I'll say it like this. If you don't know, ask someone. Brother, I need you to tell me something, okay? Can you be honest with me? He'll be like, absolutely not. Is do you see any fault in my life? And the brother say, "Brother Simon, no." Or he'll say, "Well, you could work on this." And I'd be like, "Thank you. Is there anything else?" Well, you know, since you're since we're talking about it. Oh, yeah. This side of you and this and this, this. And I was like, "Thank you, brother." And then now, no, notice he's on the outside looking at me. Me, I only see what I can see. There is things about me that is not good, right? Any any perfect ones among us? But if this brother can tell me my faults that I don't know I'm doing, then I can get myself cleaned out and say then you can what? Repent and I can say, brother, thank you so much for watching over your brother. He says, why consider thou the beam in thy brothers in thy my brother's eyes, but consider not the beam in thine own eyes? How wilt or how wilt thou say to thy brother, let me pull out the moat out of thine thine eye, and behold, a beam is thine own eye. What is what does Jesus called this? Hypocrisy, hypocrite. Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye. You must better repent. Anything you're going to call out, you better repent. And then thou shalt see clearly. You want to see clear about your brother and sisters and see make sure you are clean &gt;&gt; before you make a correction. Say, "Oh, I see this brother doing this and oh man, you better make sure you are clean." &gt;&gt; See, that's why it's so important for us to walk in here and out there as sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; Because what we should have the revelation that God, that Jesus Christ is watching everything. Everything's being recorded. every action, every word, and definitely every thought. Right? We've got to be clean. First, cast out the beam of thine own eye, and thou shalt see clearly to cast out the moat out of thy brother's eye. Now, what is a moat or a beam? He says, what is the moat? He says, "Mo is meant by any little bit of straw or small splinter of wood that flies into the eye and does it damage, hinders its sight and gives it pain and designs uh designs little sins comparatively speaking such as youthful follyies, human frailties and infirmities in inadvertences and impudences which have uh which may he says said to be the light faults in comparison to others and though not be vindicated or continually in yet not be severely looked upon chast uh and chastise to scrutinize diligently into aggravate, dwell upon and sharply reprove the lightly the lighter faults of others is is in is a conduct. In other words, get the little things out of your life first. Little foxes spoil the vine. the little foxes, the little things. The devil doesn't care if Malachi is not gonna have You think the devil's gonna be like on the job, you know, this one Amish guy is over here. Hey, let's go out to the barn tonight and drink up. You think that's going to stumble him? Absolutely not. But it'll be a little maybe a little thing. Hey, see that nice little uh electric uh rough nailer? Just take it. Take it home, man. He doesn't want it. Just take it home. It's all yours. That's a little bit easier temptation than saying, "Let's go get drunk tonight in the old Amish barn. It's the little things." Right now, the beam is what? The bigger things, the greater sins, uh, grosser abominations, which what were what the Pharisees were guilty. Now, what's mercy? Let me just jump here. We're almost to an hour. Let me jump here. What is What's the Let me see. Mercy. The difference between grace and mercy in the Bible can be summed up uh summarized as follows. Mercy is defined as not receiving the punishment we deserve for our sins. In other words, brother Simon, you did this and this. I forgive you, but that's it. While grace is unmmerited favor that God bestows upon us. We want both grace and mercy. giving us blessings we do not deserve. So grace is a further step past mercy. Has not even has not he g us mercy? Absolutely. We're all guilty. What? He came and died for our sins. And then what? Then by grace he's given us everything. And of course faith here but without faith is impossible to please him. Amen. Let me let me round up here wrap up here by God's grace. 2 Corinthians 6:14, "Be not unequally yolked together with unbelievers. For what fellowship hath righteous with unrighteousness? And what communion hath light with darkness? And what concord hath Christ with bile? Or what partath he that hath believeth in an infidel? And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols?" Are you not the temple of God? You are the temple of God. Saints of God, what's that uh what's that song? The dusty Bibles. They said, "We're going to lay these idols down. This is the biggest hindrance to the bride of Jesus Christ right now. I just saw someone put their cell stop their cell phone for like four or five months. Completely got rid of it. Couldn't call. Couldn't do anything. Now he just gets it. And I heard that he's just hooked right back up with it. There's something about this. This is a very dangerous tool. Does this come from the tree of life or the tree of knowledge, good and evil? This comes from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. This is a very This is the most dangerous thing, saints. Keep your guard on this. Go in every week. How much time do you have on your Bible and the message and check other things, right? Wherefore come out from among them and be separate, sayeth the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing. Now notice, it's amazing how the phones now you have to you just touch. Back in my day, you had to reach out. I mean, you're touching it, but then you have to spin the rotary. Remember rotary dials? Anybody remember dial rotaries? Oh, yeah. These are therefore come out from among them and be separate, say the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you. But you know what happened with that brother that did away with his cell phone for four months? the presence of God was in his house because my pastor told me went over there and said, "Brother," I felt the presence of God the whole time, "and will be a father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty." What was the whole point of this? What was the whole point of the Ten Commandments? Moses went up there, got two tables of tablets of stone. God says, "Thou shalt have no other god. Thou shalt not make an image. Thou shalt not this. Thou shalt not this." What was what was God trying to say? Remember when Moses came down, God said, "You mind go check on your boys, your people down there." Moses comes down with these two tablets and he sees the people in complete disarray, complete worshiping the devil. And he throws those tablets down. The word was lost. The word was broken. And God said, "Okay, we've got to have those restored." He says, "Now you go make two tablets and bring them up to me and I'll write it again." Do you remember that second encounter with God? Look what takes place here. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Take the hee," now it's he's got to make these tablets. He thee two tables of stone like un the first, and I'll write upon these tables the words which were in the first tables which thou breakest. He's got to rewrite the word. But notice he's coming down. Now look at here in verse 5. And the Lord descended in the cloud and stood with him there and proclaimed the name of the Lord. What was the name given in this name? What was given? What was God revealing in the name? The Lord, the Lord God, merciful, gracious, long-suffering, abundant in in goodness and truth. He's bringing all keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity, transgressions. Now why? Okay. What was he trying to reveal? If you look at further down in the scripture, thou shalt worship no other god, for the Lord thy God whose name is jealous. You know why the ten commands were given? Because God chose them and he wanted them to himself. The entire Bible is for what? Because God is a jealous God. He's a jealous husband. He wants you to himself. He wants you to spend time with him and not a cell phone. He wants you even when you're work to be so your mind so set on the word of God. Saints, he is a jealous God. &gt;&gt; What do you think? Remember when he taught on the the the furtheredness of the Godhead Revelations a couple weeks ago, a month ago, right? What why did he show the eyes of fire and the word coming out of the mouth? Because what? He's a jealous God. He wants all of you. Amen. Amen. Now, almost done here. I want to show you this here by God's grace. Just something real fast here as we close. In John two, remember brother said, he says, "God is only obligated to come to you one time." Now, how many has given Who's been given more than one time? I've been given thousand saints that all I can say is I must be bride because anyhow we're believer right this is early in his ministry he comes to the house of God he comes to the temple and he found the temple of those that sold oxen and sheep and doves and money changers uh changers of money sitting and when they made a scourge of small small quarts he drove them out of the temple and the sheep and the oxen poured out the changers of money and overthrew the temple temples. And look what he says. And he said to them that sold doves, "Take these things hence. Make not my father's house a house of merchandise." What did he do? He destroyed it. He said, "Get my house in order." And he cleaned it up. At the end of his ministry, Jesus comes again to the temple. After three years, he revisits the temple. This time he's riding uh upon an ass, a a colt of a foul of an ass coming as what? The king and he enters in the same temple and does the exact same thing. But after three years, now notice God in flesh comes down says, "Clean my house." He was zealous for the Lord. He said, "Clean my house up." Saints of God, "Are not we the temple of God? Are we not the house of God? Let's clean our houses up." Why? because one time he's coming for the last time. &gt;&gt; This is his last time at the temple. He's looking and what does he encounter, saints? They went right back to the exact same thing. And he sold bought the temp uh bought the temple and overthrew the tables, the money changers, seats. They were in the exact same place, same condition. They went right back to where they were at before. Do you know what this do you know what took place after this is I'll say like this this is probably the most serious part of this whole go one of them in the whole gospels because look what he does directly after this Matthew 21 as soon as he gets out of the temple he got a hunger and he walks up to a fig tree and what does he do he curses the fig tree that last time in the temple was their last chance because he goes to the fig tree and curses it. Who's the fig tree? Israel, right? Directly after that, he curses the fig tree. He says, "Were he says the men ashamed? Were they dismayed and taken? Lo they've rejected the word Lord. And what wisdom is in them? He come to clean his house and they wouldn't clean it. For they have for have they healed the hurt of the people my daughter slightly saying peace peace when there's no peace. Were they ashamed when they committed abomination? Bringing that stuff right in the house of God. What are we letting in this temple? What are we letting in these eyes in these ears? Nay, they were not ashamed. In so much they were not ashamed they went back and did it. Never could they blush. Therefore, they shall fall among them that fall. In the time of their visitation shall they be cast down, sayeth the Lord. For I will surely consume them, say the Lord. There shall be no grapes on the vine, nor figs on the fig tree. Now look what the prophet says here. Remember angels which kept out their first state but were but left there in the prison house, the darkness where the world is walking today in the same prison. There's no repentance. He says, "Remember a few years ago when I went down from Chicago? Either America will receive it this year or she won't receive it all." Yeah. She's gone. Yeah. Now, I wonder if the third poll could be. What is the third poll? The third poll is the time when there's no more grace left. It's the time of what? The opening of the word. Brother said he the third pole is also ties in what? Preaching to those that are eternally lost. Now look what the prophet links to the third pole. Have you just got a couple minutes different? He says, "Let's see. Let's see. Turn. Read it." There was something I want to read just before. Now I may cut some of some of this out, but let's just get to this minute. Matthew 23. He ties in Matthew 23 to the third pole. Now notice the second time Christ went, they were completely doing the exact same thing. They did not repent. They didn't repent of all their abominations. They did not blush. Christ came and cleansed it out. He cleaned it out again. But this time, what? He healed everything. And look here. What was John the Baptist? Remember in John's 4, John 3, John 4, when the Pharisees and scribes came to John, what did John tell them? Repent and bring forth fruits of repentance. Come and get baptized. He gave them an opportunity to be saved. He gave them a chance to be saved. But after the second visitation of the temple, after he curses the fig tree, what does he tell the Pharisees and scribes? Fill ye up the measure of your fathers, ye serpents, you generation generation of vipers. How can you escape the damnation of hell? Notice the door was shut. They could no longer receive salvation. He said he he gave them no chance to repent but said how can you escape it one day saints it's going to hit that again right and we want to be ready let's uh let's stand here by God's grace remember we have to be able to discern what time it is this is going to get dark it's going to get really really dark to keep our eyes on the voice of the Lord the The voice of the Lord will always point to the word. Right? What do we have to do? Let no man deceive you with vain words. For because of these things, brother Mali, uh, sister, could you come and play? He says, let no man deceive you with vain words. For because of these things cometh the wrath of God upon the children of disobedience. What? This deception. Be not therefore partakers with them. For ye were sometimes darkness, but now ye are light in the Lord. Walk as children of light. So when we come, when we leave this place today, make sure you're back into light. Make sure you're back into the true. It's like this. If you're down, if you're out, if you're depressed, if you're nervous, if you're anxious, if you're scared, if there's fear, oh my goodness, this thing's coming. Saints of God, get back into the light. If you can get back to where there is no more darkness. And when you're in the light, you're in the presence of God. When you're in the presence of God, there's no fear. When you're presence of God, there's only love. One time I was getting ahead of myself in life and I was upset and I was kind of yelling in my spirit realm. I said, "Lord, I want I'm here, but I want to be right here." And at that moment, I was told to do something I didn't want to do. I went and did it. And as I was performing this task for my boss, I jumped off the truck and my left foot hit the side of a curb and it just went whack. I have never felt so much pain in all my life. It took an entire year to heal. Didn't even go to surgery cuz I had to pay my bills. Just limped it off, right? Took a year to heal. About that big. And as that pain was in coming and coming, I felt the presence of the Holy Ghost come down. And the Lord was showing me just wait son the presence. I started crying not because of the pain but because of the presence of God. You know God knows how to correct us. A lot of times our correction our chastisements are hard lessons. I don't know about with you saints, but with me, he always deals with the physical. I was talking with my wife a couple days about six months ago, and I was kind of upset about some things here and there. And as I was speaking this thing, we were walking in dark, walking our dog, and I I sprained that ankle again, and I was like, whoa. And you know what I did? I kept on talking negative. And then within three minutes, I sprained this one. Sometimes the Lord has to get these little knucklehead guys. He's got to put them in check. And as soon as I did that second ankle, I told my wife, I said, "I'm not going to say anything more." And I hobbled for another two weeks. Well, brother Sai, but that was the correction of the Lord. I know it. And this ankle, this left one is never fully healed. And every time I get that same anxiousness to where I need to do this and it's not called for me, that pain starts coming back. And I know it's the Lord telling me, "Don't do it. Don't do it." I don't know if the Lord deals with you like that, but he deals with me like that. Chastisement. But if we can endure the chastisement of the Lord, we'll be all right. Saints of God, one more scripture here. If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in darkness, we lie and do not the truth. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship with one another. And the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanses us from all sin. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Stay away from anything confusing. Stay away from anything that brings darkness, that brings uh misunderstanding, that brings discord among brothers and sisters. Saints of God, stay in the word. When we talk, talk the word. Let's say me and this brother sit down after this or we talk and I'm just sitting there. I really don't know this brother. He probably doesn't really know me. What should I say, brother? You know, I heard this quote or I read in the scripture about the Bible said this and the Bible said that or the prophet said this. What do you think? Bring something spiritual to the table. Strike up a spiritual conversation. Talk about the word. If you talk about him, he will draw nigh unto you. He is a jealous God. Am I talking about work too much? Am I talking about this problem or the assassination? Talk about the Lord. Amen. All hearts, minds clear. I hope this wasn't too too too rough for too whatever. Remember, it's going to get dark. We had better have our eyes clear. To see clearly, saints, live clean, live holy, look at one another with the blood of Jesus Christ in our eyes. Amen. Let's bow our heads. If you have need of prayer, saints, I'd be happy to pray with you. Let's just bow our heads. Dear Lord Jesus, Lord, Lord, this was on my heart, Lord, this morning. Can we discern what is holy and what's profane, God? What's right, what's wrong, Lord? Do we call things evil that are good and things that are good evil? Lord Jesus, Lord, we want to be right, God. But Lord, the only way we can be remain in your presence, God, Lord, is to walk with you, Lord. To talk with you, to seek you, God, to find you, Lord God. Lord, ready, Lord, to to lay down all of our wills, God, to lay down everything that we are, everything, God must be about you, Lord. Help us, God. Lord, Lord, we know you have grace, God, but Lord, we don't want to sin and make it disgrace, Lord, for certainly want to please you. We want to be we want to love you with all of our hearts, minds, bodies, and souls, Lord. Lord, just bless the people, Lord. I know it was a little cut up, Lord God, or maybe a little long or uh but Lord Jesus, Lord, we did our best, Lord, to yield. And Lord, we want to give you all the praise, glory, and honor, Lord. Bless the people, God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.
