################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - (5-25-25) The Invasion of the United States - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   (5-25-25) The Invasion of the United States - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34OhxvWkBI4
========================================

When I had that long break of no preaching, I was listening to brother Brandham uh the invasion of the United States. I'd like to preach that today. 2 Chronicles 18:12. 2 Chronicles 18:12. Brother Rand preached this in May of 1954, 71 years ago. He was preaching on the invasion of the United States. Second Chronicles 18:12, 13 and 14. I trust you're thankful for God's faithfulness. Praise the Lord. Trust you've had a good week in the Lord. God helping you, strengthening you by the grace of God. And I trust this message will be a blessing to you. Brother Brandon, for years, I think about six or seven times years after he preached this message, he would remind the people. Remember, you remember when I preached on the invasion of the United States? So, it was a seemed like it was a very important message to brother Brandon. Um, and this was when he started that series. He started a six-part series in 1954. He called it a teaching revival at his church. He taught on the invasion United States uh the seal of God, the mark of the beast and then he did two services on questions. Oh, he taught the seven church ages in 1954 and then he taught uh two questions and answer services calling it a teaching revival. So, it was a nice time brother Ram could lay in his Bible doctrines uh during that little time and then it was seven months later in December 19 I'm sorry 54 when brother Ram gave that quote about the new pope coming for the United States. So 1954 was a very uh powerful year. Of course all those years were but uh very powerful there in prophecy where God seemed to show brother Brandham uh all about America and its place and of course the pope coming out of America as we looked at on Wednesday night. So 2 Chronicles 18:12 13- 14. Why don't I read uh 12 and 13 then we can all read 14 together. Kind of seems like a strange text, right? And brother Brandham preached this as a Sunday school before the regular sermon. I think brother Neville preached it on uh that Mother's Day. He actually preached this on Mother's Day. It was a Sunday school sermon or Sunday school teaching he called it. Um so quite an interesting text here. Verse 12 says, "And the messenger that went to call Micaiah spake to him, saying, Behold, the words of the prophets declare good to the king with one ascent. Let thy word, therefore, I pray thee, be like one of theirs, and speak thou good. Verse 13. And Micaiah said, as the Lord liveth, now the brother said, that's a true prophet. Even what my God saith, that will I speak. He wasn't going to be persuaded or try intimidated or seduced to go along with all the other prophets. He was just going to say what God told him to say. And when he was come to the king, the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go to Ramoth Gilead to battle or shall I forebear? And he said, "Go ye up and prosper, and they shall be delivered into your hand." Verse 14. Let's read that one together. Oh, I already read it, didn't I? Okay. Sorry. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Sorry, I didn't see that little 14 there. I was thinking about parts of the sermon. Hallelujah. So, I'll set a timer here uh by God's grace just to kind of see the progress we'll make. So, we look at the evasion of the United States today. A lot of these things will uh probably be a little familiar. I'll try to bring in some thoughts. But, as I said, as I took that little break there at the hospital and didn't have to preach for two services in a row, I was listening to this. This was the same time, you know, um we were waiting for a new pope. And as I said on Wednesday, you know, Brother Bam uh said it was according to prophecy, but he didn't give the specific prophecy. So, I just feel like it was a general prophecy out of the book of Revelation 13. Brother Ram never spoke thus sayith the Lord in that prophecy. And now church, you already have people saying that this pope is going to be the antichrist. You already have message believers saying that the new pope will be the antichrist. Now that's that's going too far in my opinion because we don't have thus sayith the Lord for that. What if time goes on and he, you know, we get another pope and he's not from the United States. What is it? What it does? It just hurts people's testimony because they're presuming, right? They're saying things that God didn't say. Hey, brother Ram didn't say thus sayith the Lord in that quote. But you know there also is grace for them too. But it just brings reproach upon the the gospel. There is grace because remember even that saying went abroad amongst Jesus's apostles. Well, John's going to live till the Lord returns, right? Remember that in John chapter 22 or I think it's 21 if I'm not mistaken. So, you know, there is room for Christians. You know, of course, their humanity and their human mistakes, but I've just been in the message long enough. I've been in the message since 2001 at the very end. I've just been in here long enough to realize I don't want to make a fool of myself and I don't want to bring reproach upon the Lord Jesus Christ. Right? We've had people say the the Camala Harris was the fulfillment of the six vision, but the nation never the whole nation was never under her complete power. Right? So, it comes and goes and people people just forget about these things. They just jump from one thing to the next trying to trying to make themselves look spiritual. But we don't want to try to be spiritual. We actually want to be spiritual. Hallelujah. We don't want everyone we don't want to try to impress everybody with how much we know. Uh we don't want to do that but we just want to be we actually just want to do what brother taught us. Brother Ram said he said always he said it will speak thus sayith the lord if it comes from the lord always. He used the word always and he cares do you care 1963. So if if there's no thus sayith the lord attached to this new pope from America well then we don't want to make it like that. So what do I say? I say brother had a lot of insight. We do know that brother Ram had a lot of spiritual revelation and insight to know there would be a pope come out of America. But that's insight according to Revelation 13 which most churches don't have. In fact, the only church I've seen that believes America is in Revelation 13 is the 7th day Adventists because I went and looked in one of the books Uriah Smith. He believed uh the United States was Revelation 13 11-18. Let's read that again here since we got time here today by God's grace. So, let's go to Revelation 13:11. This will be good for uh Claude and Patrick, any of the new saints here. Uh if you don't know where the United States is in the Bible, it's in Revelation 13. Now verses 1 to 10 was the change of pagan Rome under all their Caesars and emperors into paple Rome because the the Bible said the beast had a wound and they thought it was dead but then it lived again. Okay. So the the cath uh the Roman Empire changed from the Roman Empire into uh the the Roman Catholic Church. Right around 400 to 500 is when uh AD was when the Roman Empire fell and everybody thought it died, but it lived again in the Roman Catholic Church. Okay. Now verse 11. And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth. This beast, Brother Bram said, was the American buffalo, which Barack Obama made the official mammal of the United States. I think it was in 2015, right before he left office. And he had two horns like a lamb. It was like a lamb, but it wasn't a lamb. Brother Ram said that's ecclesiastical and civil powers. And he spake as a dragon, right? The United States always says how powerful we are. We're the greatest nation. We have the greatest weapons. Verse 12. And he exercised all the power of the first beast before him and causes the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast whose deadly wound was healed. So America will bring about the worship of the pope. America will bring that about. Verse 13. And he doeth great wonders so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men. There's only been two atomic bombs dropped and that was by the United States. That was fire coming down from heaven. Verse 14. And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast, saying that they or to them that dwell on the earth that they should make an image to the beast which had the womb by the sword and did live. In other words, they've got to worship this spirit of Rome. The spirit of Rome was what was leading the Roman Empire. Now the spirit of Rome is in the Roman Catholic Church. Verse 15. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast that the image of the beast should both speak and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. See, we're not there yet, right? We're not there yet where this uh America lays down a law. Brother Ram said they'll lay down a law where it'll be illegal. If you don't have the mark of the beast, you can't buy or sell. Okay? So we're not to verse 15 yet, are we? Now verse 16. Brother Ram said this is he said this verse proves they'll force the bride to stop preaching before the rapture. That's what brother said in 1962. Spoken words original seed. He causes all both small and great rich and poor free and bond to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads. So that's the verse brother Random used. So, that's why I've always said when they shut down our church or they say we can't preach anymore because we're not part of their religious uh council, that'll be a great sign and the rapture's on. I've always thought that. Okay. And I don't have thus sayith the Lord on that. We just have brother saying the Lord told him to pick up his pen and write. Okay? Now, verse 17. And that no man might buy or sell say that he had the mark or the name of the beast or the number. So, see, there's three ways you can take that mark. Right? You can take it uh you can take the mark or the name, right? Or the number of his name. Verse 18, here is wisdom. Let him that hath the understanding count the number of the beast, for it's a number of a man, and his number is 600, three score, and six. Of course, that's the Roman numerals that add up to the vicarious filt day or die. How do you say that? Day. Uh the vicor of Christ. That's what the pope is called. I've got the catechism. It calls it, it literally calls him that in there. He's the vicor or in the place of Christ. So he's taking the place of Jesus, right? But he's what he's doing. He's taking the worship of Jesus is what he's actually doing. And he's going to sit in the Jewish temple of God when they rebuild it saying that he is God. But by that time, we'll already be in heaven by God's grace. Hallelujah. We believe that. That's what the prophecy uh from scripture that we believe. He's going to snatch away his bride first, then he's going to pour out his judgments upon the earth. Okay. All right. So that that's America's place. Okay. Now he also said, let's go to Daniel chapter 2. He also said that this beast would spread through intermaring. So Protestants marrying Catholics. So go to Daniel, please. Daniel chapter 2. I didn't really plan to do this one, so I don't have the exact verse, but I'll find it as soon as uh I get there. I got it all highlighted in my Bible. how the seed is uh spread here. Daniel chapter 2. Yes. Verse 43. Whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men. So brother Ram said that's Protestant and Catholics marrying, but they shall not cleave one to another even as iron is not mixed with clay. So the toes and feet have mixture of iron and clay. But Ram said iron is Catholicism. Clay is Protestantism. So when these when when these Catholics marry, they they purposely marry because they're led by the wrong spirit. They purposely marry Protestants in order to convert their whole family to Catholicism. Okay? So that's one of the strategies. This that's the invasion United States church. And the church said, "Amen." That power uh as as we'll as we'll show in a little bit, our pilgrim fathers left uh Europe because of the influence of the Roman Catholic Church and of course King George I. We left all that. That's what brother Ram mentions in the sermon. We left to get away from that and then we allow it right back in. Right. Brother Ram said the Bible says like a dog going back to its vomit. Right. Not the believers now, but the lukewarm believers. Yeah, I'll say like this. The makebelievers. It could even be the foolish virgin because look, Lot married the wrong person. Look what happened to his wife. Right? But not the wise virgin, right? The wise virgin stay Abraham stays all out of that as we preached on Wednesday night. Hallelujah. He wasn't living in Sodom. He was far away from that. Abraham was. Hallelujah. He's the one God visited with the sign of discernment like we're visited with brother Ramon's gift of discernment. Hallelujah. We believe that. We recognize that. Okay. Now, so there's your foundation a little bit on the invasion of the United States or that spirit of Rome into United States. I'm just going to do a brief uh summary of Brother Bam's sermon. If you haven't listened to it, you'd love it. Listen to invasion United States 1954. I think it's May 9th if I'm not mistaken. It's May for sure. Now, Brother Ram starts off the sermon by saying he always he said, "Brother Ram, why do you got to use Old Testament verses?" And brother Ram said, "I always look for a type or shadow in the Old Testament because I know if that's how it starts, that's how it's always going to look like." Right? If you look at a shadow, like I can see Jose's shadow over there on the wall. Everybody see that? If I look at that shadow long enough, I'm going to pretty soon find Brother Jose. Looks a lot like him, right? Yep. There's his hand and everything. So, brother, they they were kind of critical. Brother Ram, why do you use Old Testament? Brother Ram said, "I'm looking at the shadow. If I can find the shadow, it'll be very similar to the real thing. The Old Testament law was a shadow to point us to Christ. So, brother Ram goes to the days of Ahab. That's his shadow. Ahab and Jezebel are the shadow. And it's right because in Revelation 2 and three, Jesus says, "The spirit of Jezebel's in the church, and I hate it." Right? So, brother man's very wise, very scriptural to find a shadow of Jezebel and Ahab and Micaiah and Elijah in the Old Testament and bring it to the New Testament. Supernaturally inspired, brother Random was. Hallelujah. He said, "I'm a typologist." He said, "I know what happened before is always going to repeat." Right? And then he said, uh, this this time where he reads, uh, Ahab's time was Israel's darkness of midnight. It was one of the darkest times. And then he types Ahab and Jezebel uh with United States. Now we know later what six years later uh JFK was elected, right? And now Brother says now JFK is the modern Ahab, right? And brother said Jacqueline Kennedy was the modernday Jezebel because her fashions influence the women, right? And so we see that. So brother's preaching the look at that. Brother's preaching six years in advance. Uh they he's preaching about getting to Ahab and then they get to Ahab. And then we got a second Catholic president, Joe Biden, right? Who we we're finding out now uh whole time had an autopen running all of his legislations. He wasn't even running the government now. It didn't take a smart person to know that's what was going on beforehand. Didn't take a smart person at all to know that. Spent most of his time on vacations and beaches instead of running the country. He was never running the country. But no, everybody knew that that had their eyes open and was honest. And he says, "Now Ahab was a brother Ram said, Ahab was a makeeliever like a Judas." In other words, sometimes you it looked like he believed it, but he wasn't a real believer. And then brother Ram said what messed him up was his marriage because he married a princess of a Sidonian king who was already a murderer. A murderer, right? So he married the wrong one. Brother said there's no other reason to marry her other than she was pretty. So So we right because she had no character, right? She was she wasn't a good person. She was a heathen princess. There would be no other reason to marry her other than prettiness, right? Or or we'd say her her uh her her attractiveness or something like that. So brother tells us again, make sure you marry based upon character and not because of someone's physical appearance. Hallelujah. That's right. Ram said, "Under no circumstances marry an unbeliever. Never marry an unbeliever." And the church said, "Amen." Hallelujah. Ram said, "His marriage messed him up." Now, here's a list, church, of all the wicked things that Ahab did. And Jezebel, just briefly. First, he married the wrong woman, right? First Kings 16. Uh, she was a pagan princess. Then they promoted the false prophets and they suppressed God's true prophets according to first kings 18-19. Remember because Ahab gathered the 450 prophets of Baal when they went up to Mount Carmel, right? So it just shows Ahab had false prophets. He was with the big group, the popular group, but they were all false. And then he allowed Jezebel, well, well, Jezebel actually did it behind his back. the murder and theft of Nabbos's vineyard. And he never did anything against it, right? He let her murder. Uh they stole land. So they were thieves and murderers and idolattors. Hallelujah. And then he refu refused to fully repent even after Elijah warned him that dogs will lick your blood. The Bible said, remember he the Bible said he did repent for a little bit. He walked lightly before God, but then he went right back to his old pagan ways. See church, when you repent, you got to have a real change of heart. See that? You want to see your actions change. If your actions don't change, you didn't really repent. Hallelujah. The Bible said Ahab did walk lightly for a little season, but he didn't repent all the way. But see, church, we've got power to really repent. Hallelujah. We've got the Holy Spirit to help us really overcome. Hallelujah. Speak the word. Hallelujah. And God will give you strength and grace. Speak the word and go forward, bride of Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. So, Jezebel promoted Baal worship and witchcraft. She killed the prophets of the Lord, the Bible said. Uh, and yes, she had the false trial against Nabboth. She mocked and opposed God's prophets. And then she was involved in sorcery and whoredoms. Yeah, that's right. The Bible says in 2 Kings 9:22, "What peace as long as the whoredom of thy mother Jezebel and her witchcrafts which are so many?" So she was either participating in in whoredoms or allowing whoredoms. The Bible's not real clear. In other words, she might have had other lovers. We don't know. But one thing's for sure, she allowed whoredoms in the kingdom. So you have sexual sin, uh you have murder, you have idolatry. They actually built their own temples, right, to false gods. So they had all this idolatry. And this is what happened. And then the Bible said all this was because of Ahab sold himself to the devil. Right? Uh go to First Kings, if you got your Bible, First Kings 21:25, you can put up there, church. What am I saying? Don't sell out your convictions no matter what. It always normally it's family members and so forth, right? brothers, sisters, moms, dads, husbands, wives, they try to get you to sell out your beliefs. Don't sell them out. Stand on your ground. Hallelujah. Stand your conviction because what does it make you when you sell out your beliefs? It makes you a spiritual prostitute. Brother uh Dennis just preached that to us, right? Brother Ram said, Brother Dennis said, "We can't prostitute our time. We can't sell out our time and give our time to the things of the world. We must give our time to God." Amen. That that's that's that's Bible teaching, right? The a a man who's a prostitute is called a whoremonger. But a woman who prostitute is called a prostitute or a right? And this is what Ahab was. He was a spiritual prostitute. But there is none like unto Ahab which did sell himself. He sold him out. He sold himself out for it to work wickedness in the sight of the Lord whom Jezebel's wife stirred up. So who was stirred him up? the other prostitute. It's one prostitute stirring up another. It's one demon-possessed person stirring up another one that becomes demonpossessed. See, church, you're going to sell yourself out for one thing or another. Amen. Sell yourself out for Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Give all your time, give all your attention, and uh give all your love to Jesus Christ. Don't give it to the world. Hallelujah. Don't become a spiritual prostitute. Be a faithful, spotless, blameless bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Be a pure woman. Be a pure church before God. Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. And remember, we don't have to read it, but in First Kings 21:19, Elijah said, "Thus sayeth the Lord, the dog will lick your the dogs will lick your blood." And church, now we get to the part of the story in 2 Chronicles 18 where Jehoshaphat comes in at the request of Ahab and he makes an alliance. And brother goes into this in the in the sermon. He makes an alliance with Ahab said, "Yes, brother. I'll go up there with you and I'll fight uh the Syrians at Ramoth Gilead because that's our promised land." And church, you probably know the story. That was their land. Israel was trying to get back their land. And so it looked like they had a good reason. Oh, we're just going to go get the victory. We're going to drive the enemy out. Moses said we can dry him out. Yes, he could. Yes, he did. But Moses said first you got to be in obedience to God. You can't expect God to fight for you if you're not living holy. Praise God. Glory. If you're being a spiritual prostitute, how's God going to help you get other land when you haven't even conquered the land you got right now? Praise God. See, they wanted land to to possess, but the land they were possessing wasn't in wasn't glorifying God. Let's glorify God with our lives right now. Praise God. So, you know, we think, oh, we want to uh for for us, we want more money or we want a bigger church or, you know, we think we want to expand, but let's be faithful with what we got right now. Praise God. Why would we why would God give us more if we're not faithful with what we got right now? Praise God. Amen. Oh, it's so true. And I like I like Let's go to 2 Chronicles 18:9. I like what brother says here in the text that we read 2 uh 8 it's 18 verse 6 Chronicles 18:6 but Jehoshaphat said is there not here a prophet Lord besides that we might inquire of him so in this story I forget was there was There are 400 in this story. Yes. 400 men. In verse 5, there's Jehoshaphat walks in and brother said, "At least he was a spiritfilled man, right? He was a good man. Jehoshaphat destroyed many idols." All right? Because he was the king of Judah. But he goes up here to the northern part, northern Israel, which Ahab was in charge of. So Jehoshaphat was living a good life. He got all the idols out. But he makes an alliance with Ahab, right? And he walks in there, 400 preachers are prophets are saying, "Thus said the Lord, go up. God's going to give it to you." And Jehoshaphat's like, "Is there anybody else that here has opinion from the Lord?" And brother said, "See, he said because Jehoshaphat had been in the presence of God, he knew better. There was something different about him." And brother says, "When once you're in the presence of God, you can't be deceived." Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. He said Jehoshaphat and Micaiah, they'd already been the prince of God. So when they're around these other preachers like, "This don't seem like a message service." And the church said, right? You can go online, you listen to other preachers, you can tell that don't sound like a message preacher. That's because they're not. They haven't been the presence of God. Hallelujah. They'll let the women crossdress. They'll let the men turn into women. The women turn into men. They'll let children change their identities and all these things. They haven't been the presence of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Or they'll say you got to speak in tongues. That's the evidence or something like that. Or women can preach like we've been because because Rod's been here. I've been bringing that up a lot and he he believes it too. He's a holiness man. And so I bring up these obvious ones. Anyone that's been the prince of God knows these are sins. And God's spirit will help you hate your sins. You can't love righteousness and worldliness at the same time. The Bible says if you love the world or the things of the world, the love of God's not even in you. So Jehoshaphat's like, "I feel a little nervous around here." Yeah, 400 seems like a lot, but isn't there somebody else here? Isn't there somebody else uh who's got a prophecy? They're like, "Yeah, verse seven. Yeah, there's one more prophet. Isn't there any other tapes that we Is there any other prophets in the last days other than these modern guys?" Yeah, there's one more. They called him William Brandom. Yeah, there's another guy out there. Verse seven. And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, "There is yet one man by whom we may inquire the Lord, but I hate him." Oh, that's a real good Christian loving spirit there, Ahab. Oh my. For he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil, the same as Micaiah the son of Imla. And Joseph said, "Let not the king say so." Don't be so harsh, please. Look how kind Jehoshaphat is. And church, that's the way it is today. There's all these pro internet prophets, right? All these internet prophets. But isn't there just one more saying something different? Yes. William Brandham said something different. Church, all these prophets today are saying America is going to have a revival and Jesus going to come back when everything in America finally honors God. They think there's going to be a national revival, but they don't know it's thus sayith the Lord. She won't because of what we read in Revelation 13 and Daniel chapter 2. And brother Ram said, "Thus say the Lord, she'll never come back." Hey, pull up uh switch over here. I got this. I'm reminded that now because Brother Ram said in 1956 was the last time. Let me just put this up. I was over there at the hospital. Let me just put this up here. Okay, so this is 1953 and I was walking to the hospital all those times to get food for my wife and everything and I'm like what? And I was listening to 1954, you know, invasion United States. I'm like, look at these women. Can I This is 1953. I'm just going to I'm gonna leave this up here for a while. Look at these women. These are women in Orville, Ohio, right by our house. These are the nurses on staff. Now, how many would like a nurse like that compared to these modern just look the church? They all got long hair. Every single one of them got long hair. Now, I don't know about hers, but she might have a bun back there. 1953. And Brother Ram's already saying America's been invaded. Now, look at some of their shoes. I was I thought I saw now look some of these. They're a little bit of high heels, but they're most of their shoes are pretty low. I guess I can't see because of the black. But I just want to give you this is about the time brother's preaching. the US has been invaded, right? She been invaded. Now, if if the US was invaded in 1954, what do we got today? It's almost total takeover, right? Because that's, as we saw in the scripture, Satan has to take over this nation in order to form the image of the beast or the image of this one world church. And who's the leader of the one world church? It's going to be the pope because the woman rides the beast. The Roman Catholic Church rides the spirit of Rome. And who's the leader of the woman? The pope of Rome. All right. So, we can see it plainly. See, now and church, this modern is called the NRA, uh the new uh new apostolic reformation. These Pentecostal people today, we'd say they believe in all the miracles. They love Brother Ram's gift. I've watched videos. I got videos of it. They love Brother Ram's gift, but they hate his doctrine. and church. They they've even announced I've heard two of them say this that God is going to give the whole church the mantle of William Brandham. I've got the videos. They love Brother Brandham's ministry because it was always right and it was supernatural. Hallelujah. And the one guy said, "Well, I went to God and said, "God, can I have it?" He said, "No, you'd be prideful." He said, "But what if you give it to everybody and then we won't be prideful?" And he said, "God said, I'll do that." What a lie that is. What a lie. He told he he told all these millions of NRA people, these false prophets, we're all going to have the anointing of William Brandham when Paul said, "Are all prophets? Are all apostles? Are all teachers?" And the church said, "Amen." Liars. See, that's what they lie. They're just like the days of Ahab. All these prophets are lying in the name of the Lord. And any spiritual person will be able to pick that up and say, "Isn't there somebody else who is right?" Yes. The spirit of God was right in the ministry of William Brandham. Hallelujah. Amen. They're false prophets, liars, just like the days of Ahab and Elijah. Oh, these are the days of Elijah. Hallelujah. We got all these false prophets, but we got one true prophet. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. It's true. And which one said there'd be an American pope? The true prophet said that. Hallelujah. By the scripture, he knew that. Hallelujah. I asked Chat GTP how many people predicted that. Chat GP couldn't find anybody predicting an American pope. I know that's just in a machine, but but I heard numerous uh reporters say they never thought there's, oh, there'd never be a pope. Not in my lifetime there'll be a pope out of the US, but a prophet of God saw it. Hallelujah. See, they hate the holiness preaching of the Bible. But remember, the Bible said we're called to the high calling of God. We don't have a low calling. We've got a high calling. God wants us to live higher in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. church. Uh Jeremiah 5:31, Jeremiah said, "The prophets prophesy falsely and the priests bear my bear rule by my by their means and my people love to have it." So see that that's why these people the people stay in the false churches because they love false prophecy. They love lies. But we hate lies. So we repent of when we when we don't tell the truth, we repent of that. And the church said, Amen. Amen. We should hate lies. We should love the truth. Praise God. But see, the worldly the the makeel believers, they love lies. They can tell as many false prophecies as they want and then back it up and then keep telling more. The people love it. Oh yes, everyone's going to have the anointing of William Brandham. Liars. They're liars. But Micaiah come and says, "I'll only say what God says." That's the true prophet of God. And brother Ram said, "The same God rules on the throne today that was ruling in the days of Ahab, Micaiah, Jehoshaphat. The same God is on the throne today." Hallelujah. And we will only say what God's already prophesied. Hallelujah. We won't add to it. We won't one We won't take away from it. Not one thing. Hallelujah. Now, church, where are we at now? We're probably in the middle of the birth pains. Now, we just had two babies born and I just saw my wife go through two days of birth pains. The contractions are are difficult and it seems now the pressure is off, right? It was a lot harder under the Biden administration, right? More people are being arrested and uh you couldn't have free speech. Even at the schoolboard meetings, church, think of that. Even at a schoolboard meeting, uh the FBI after you stand up against a school board, the FBI would come in and take people away and call them terrorists all because they don't want woke ideologies in their schools. So, see, right now, it seems like maybe we're in the uh birth pains here. We're in the in between stage where we're not in a contraction. That's my wife would would have something to eat there between the contractions, get some water, get some kombucha, get some strength for the next contraction. And brother Ram said, "Hallelujah. I feel the spirit, Holy Spirit's here. The invasion's on just sweeping from house to house, from place to place, from church to church, from man to man." He said, "Children, in the name of Jesus Christ, rise with the moral stands of the revival and the Lord Jesus Christ and say, I'll take the way with the Lord's despised few." Yes, sir. He said, "I'll be a real mother. I'll be a real dad." In other words, brother said, "In the name of Jesus Christ, you should rise up and say, I'll be a real Christian today." Praise God. No matter how much uh uh the enem is coming in like a flood, no matter how much the United States is being invaded by evil spirits, we've got to fight against the evil spirits. That's right. Now, how did these pilgrims get to America in uh they came to North America in 1620? They were escaping the government, which was a monarch rule. They lived under the English monarch uh monarchy uh King James I. He had strict control over their religious practices. The church and state were intertwined. There was no separation of church and state. Any dissenters would be fined, imprisoned or maybe killed. This is what they left. Now they were fighting against the church of England which was Anglicanism but it was very close to Catholicism. It wasn't Catholicism but it was very close. The pilgrims were separatists, a group that broke away from the Church of England. They believed the Church of England was too similar to the Roman Catholics, and they wanted to worship freely and independently according to their their interpretation of scripture, not the Anglican interpretation of scripture. Hallelujah. And because of that, they faced persecution, imprisonment, and harassment. There was numerous times, church, the pilgrims tried to escape, but they got foiled a couple of times until finally they were able to cross the ocean, right, and come to North America. So, see, church, you know, we got to let that encourage us. If they were willing to go to any lengths to overcome the devil, we've got to go to any lengths. And most time ours is just our phones or our friends or family or something like that, something small like that. But they're actually getting arrested, putting in prison. God help us to fight against sin. Hallelujah. Amen. Whatever form sin comes into your life, fight against it. Praise God. Because those that have been before us had a much greater battle than we had. Praise God. Against physical arrests and imprisonments and uh fines and so forth. God help us. In other words, God help us to put eye salv on our eyes today so we can see the real battle today. Praise God. That's why I want to pray more by God's grace. How many How many need to pray more? You don't have to. We all need to pray more. Praise God. We got to be more sincere. Praise God. I feel that in my heart. Now, the Church of England was just like the Roman Catholic Church. They had the same uh hierarchy of bishops, which was false. Uh they had the same uh structured services, the common uh book of prayer. They had creeds, scripted prayers. Amen. Kneeling and sacraments. Church, do you see that? The pilgrims came out of creeds just like we are. We're the modern-day pilgrims. Hallelujah. Amen. We're coming out of the creeds, the Nyian creed and all these creeds of trinitarianism and dogmas. We're coming out of that just like our pilgrim fathers came out of those creeds. Amen. We're the modern-day pilgrims. The Bible says, well, the song says we're pilgrims and strangers on this earth. Praise God. They came out of the holy communion, right? Or the transubstantiation. They came out of all that just like we are coming out. We came out of that. Praise God. They came out of the stained glass windows and the fancy altars and the incense and the robes of the clergy, all that pump and circumstance. They came out of all that. And so have we come out of all of it. Hallelujah. They came out of it because they didn't believe in infant baptism. And we don't believe in it either. But we got two uh we got some baby dedications coming up. Right. Jose said his do uh stepdaughter is going to bring uh Levi here to dedicate next Sunday. Praise God. As soon as Tulsi and Evander get back here, we'll dedicate them to the Lord. Hallelujah. But we don't baptize them because they don't even know. They can't even repent. Praise God. But that's one of the issues that drove the pilgrims to leave. We don't believe in that. It's it's superstition. Praise God. It's it's not even spiritual. Now, brother said JFK and Jackie uh Kennedy was uh the Ahab and Jezebel of their day, right? Right. And JFK was a known whoreonger. He had so many adulteries with women. And of course, Jackie uh led the fashions the wrong way with the wrong hairstyles and the wrong clothes. And so, Brother Bon said that was uh Ahab and Jezebel coming in. And then we had Joe Biden, Catholic and name only, who was hardly awake during his presidency, right? He supported abortion. And the auto pen was basically governing. and church. If you've if you've seen the Doge accounts lately through Elon Musk, they sent billions and trillions of dollars to these non-government organizations which they didn't have to even tell what they were doing with the money. Where did all that money go? They added what? Five billion or five trillion to the debt. Where did all that trillions of dollars of debt go or money go to these rich evil people just making them more rich? You know, they they put a title like, "Well, we're going to be for uh clean energy." But they take the money and use most of it just to enrich themselves. Just printing money, just printing it off a printer and giving it away. Billions and trillions of dollars allowed. They're called slush funds. It's like a slushie fund. Okay. Can I have some slushy money? Can I go down and get a slushie? Anyone know what a slushie is around here? I don't. Our children probably don't know, man. We don't allow them to have slushies. It's just like a sugary drink you go buy at the gas station. It's like a dollar and you get this huge cup. It's probably like this now. All that sugar pumped in your system. Just it's candy money, right? Just play around and just waste your money on something to give the the the flesh some some lustly or lustful desires. Billions of dollars. And a lot of that money went to the Democratic campaigns to have the to to pay supporters to come in to pay these celebrity endorsements. Oh, it's a corrupt system. Praise God. But the Republicans are almost just exactly the same. Six of one, half a dozen of the other. Brother Ram says, you can see it now. You know, the the current president's been in office all these days. How many bills have they passed? I don't even know if they passed any. See, just six to one, half a dozen other. They want to change. Let's make some change. Praise God. But see, they don't want to because of the the money and the slush funds. Just keep everything going the same. Brother Ram said, "You could put a Abraham Lincoln or a George Washington in every office of every country and it's still not going to stop the prophecy. The prophecy of this na this is this nation has to raise up the beast image." George Washington was a mighty man of God. Abraham Lincoln was a good man of God. But even that wouldn't change it because why? There's more workers than just the leader. There's a lot of government workers and they won't they won't obey what's being what's what the leaders been projecting down to them. It's called the deep state. And the church said it's just not one person. It's all the people that are supposed to carry them out. They don't carry them out. Now, church, let's not leave it on them. What are we not carrying out in our lives? I could preach on them all day. You can say, "That's good. That's good. That's good." But what about you and I? What are we obeying? Amen. What what promises are we believing and and allowing God to come to pass in our lives? What demons are we overcoming? Praise God. That's what matters. Praise God. Amen. Now, church, it's been so uh it's been so infiltrated. The vice president is now Catholic. Marker Marco Rubio, Secretary of State's Catholic. RFK Jr., Secretary of Health and Human Defense Services, is Catholic. Shawn Duffy, the Secretary of Transportation, is Catholic. John Ratcliffe, director of the CIA, is Catholic and there's many more Catholics. There's Catholics on the Supreme Court. What I'm saying is the invasion is on. Catholicism is moving in, but we're not joining with them. We're staying as pilgrims. Hallelujah. I'm showing you right. The United States has been invaded by the Roman Catholic ideology. Oh, we're all the same. Yeah. Uh, I'll accept your worship. As long as you accept my praying to Mary, you're fine. As long as we just consider our church, we're not brothers with them. And if they are brothers, they'll come out because the Bible said, "Come out of her, my people." Hallelujah. That's right. Church, did you know 29% of the House of Representatives are Catholic? Almost 30%. and the Senate, 24% are Catholic. So you almost have 30% almost 25% are Catholics. And church, most of them, they all vote the same way anyway, right? They all voted for Biden's agenda and they all don't want Trump's agenda, right? They all vote against that. Most of them in most most cases. So see, it don't really matter what what religion they are. They all think the same anyway. Thank God that we have a transformed mind, church, if we were at any other churches, they'd be saying, "Oh, yes, God put Trump in place and he's going to bring revival." Well, God did put Trump in place, but it ain't going to bring a revival. I said it ain't it ain't going to bring a revival for the true bride of Christ. It's going to bring a revival for the world council, the churches system. Hallelujah. Is that right, church? We're blessed to be able to know what we know and see what we see. So, is there an evasion going on? You better believe it. Now, let me show you the next picture. This was in 1996. Anybody notice any differences there? And I'm sorry, it's blurry. From 1953 to 1996. Any differences there in the nurses? Uh, yeah. They all got short hair and pants on. Any difference? Yeah, there's a big difference. I got one more. Now, this was Now, this doesn't look 85. That might not be the right. But look at these. I don't think it's 85 because I was born in 80 and my pictures look way better than that. That's probably in the 60s or something like that. But just look at it now. Look, she's a little modest there, the young one. But look, you already have this you have this evasion coming in to where now and that's 96. That's 96. They're all bobbed hair and church. They all wear short rather said bobbed hair, painted face, shortwear, and Jezebel. Like it's all the invasion's here. It's not a surprise to anybody. Now, I'm almost done. I'm not going to preach all day today. Isaiah 59:19. So I showed you the pictures. So now you can put up the scripture. So they so shall they that fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the spear of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him. So see, I was thinking like what verse is there for the invasion? The enemy comes in like a flood. Now church, did God know the enemy or was God surprised by the enemy coming in? Of course not. God allowed the enemy to come in. But he doesn't stop there. He even though he allows him to come in, he says, "Oh, I'm gonna raise up a flag. I'm gonna raise up a standard." Remember when I preached on a couple years ago, the standard was a flag, a rallying place away from the flood, a place of safety. If God allows the flood to come in, we're going to have a place where we can gather together. Hallelujah. We're going to have a safe place where you'll see Brother uh Col, Brother Patrick. You'll see them waving the flag at the banner of Jesus Christ. Come over here, brothers. Come over here. The enemy is coming in, but we've got a higher ground. Amen. We've got a safe place. Amen. Our feet are on the solid rock. Hallelujah. Amen. God knows the flood's coming in. So God raises up somebody to hold a flag and wave a flag out there to say, "Hey, come rally with us. We've got a safe place." You don't have to drown in this world. And the church said, "Amen." You don't have to become drunken with the things of the world. You don't have to be carried away and washed away by the things of the world. You can have a safe place where your feet are on solid ground. You can keep the words of God. Jesus said that's what the rock is. It's a place where people obey the word of God. Amen. That was uh Matthew 7. Let's read it because it Simon was inspired by that from the wedding. Remember that? Sam Jr. Hallelujah. Matthew 7. That was one of his main verses there. Uncle Paul read it, too. Hallelujah. Verse 24. 7:24. Therefore, whosoever he hearth these sayings of mine and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man which builds his house upon a rock. So, we just can't say it. We got to do it. Praise God. If you do it, now you're standing on a rock. If you pray, if you read your Bible, if you forgive others, if you repent of your sins, then there you are. You're on the rock, Brother Jose, waving that flag, saying, "Praise God. We've got a safety spot. We can we can live high above the flood because God's given us a rock to stand on." Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. In other words, we don't have to turn out like those poor nurses. And they take Wonder if they take a picture of us in 2025. If I took a picture, I wonder if I come back in 10 years what everybody would look like. Our brother's going to be coming in here with shorts on. Our sisters going to be wearing makeup in here. Brothers going to be with their shirts showing off their chests. You know how they, you know, they button down their shirts like a bunch of heathens. Is that how we're going to look? What's our What's our timeline? Amen. Glory. I believe our timeline will look the same yesterday, today, and forever because we serve Jesus Christ who's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. I need to pull up our reunion, our anniversary pictures. I look about the same, just more gray hair. I look the same as I did when we started 19 years ago. Pastor Jesse, he's got a little more white there, Brother Jose. Wish I did. I saw it the other day. I'm like, man, you're getting white, bro. H, what can I do? I can't stop it. I can just I can just embrace it. Right, Brother Jose? Just embrace it. No, but we should look as time goes on, we should look the same. In other words, our standards don't change. We're not getting washed away in the flood of sin and immorality. We're standing on a solid place. The floods don't affect us because we live above the flood. And the verse for that is Luke 17:26. So, got your Bible, pull up on Luke 17:26. As it was the days of Noah, I thought this was a good thought. I found it from a commentator. So shall be in the days of the son of man. Now, what happened in the days of Noah? There was a flood. And Jesus says just like it flooded in Noah's day, it's going to flood in this day. And he ain't talking about water. Hallelujah. He's talking about the flood of the war. The flood's also another word for war. They're going to the the the the beast is going to fight against God and his people. It's it's in the book of Revelation chapter 12. The flood's going to come upon. Remember the flood tries to drown the woman. The woman is Israel. That just means the war, the the b the the the Armageddon, all those uh tanks and the armies are going to come against Israel. And that's likened to a flood. But what's our flood? Next verse 27. We're not Israel. So what's our flood? Here's our flood. They didn't eat. They drank. They married wives. They were given in marriage until the day that Noah entered the ark. And the flood came and destroyed them all. So what's the flood? Oh, just the cares of life. Does that sound familiar? Jesus talked about the cares of life that choke out the seed of the word. See, they got their eyes off the word and this oh this they give themselves fully over the these things become the best part of life rather than it's just it's something we do. The most important part is church, loving God, loving God's people. Hallelujah. Amen. The most important part. See, people will miss church for you know marriages and all these things. uh you know uh entertainment, sports, they'll miss church for all these things, but it's a flood. It's a it's a it's a flood of pressure and care. People I got to take care of this. Well, be careful how many times you got to take care of that, right? It's a flood. It's going to overtake you and you've got to find a higher place than that. You got to stand on the rock of the word of God. Hallelujah. In fact, verse 25 of Matthew 7. And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house, and it fell not, for it was founded upon a rock. And everyone that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which build his house upon the sand. And the rain descended, the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house, and it fell, and great was the fall of it. Preachers, we see them all these last years. They fall by women, money, popularity. The floods of all these temptations came in and they're falling. Brother said they're dropping like flies, he says. And that's the truth. They're dropping like flies. Well, how can we stand? Because we're not we're not being swept away. We're not even playing around with the flood. We're standing on the rock of ages. Hallelujah. And here I am, brother Nia. I'm just waving this flag saying, "Come on, people. Come rally around the word of God. Don't get swept away by the flood of pleasures. Come stand with us. We're standing with Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. That's right. It's a flood of immorality that the bride will go through. It's not necessarily a war. The war is going to be Armageddon. That's the World War II, we'd say. But it's all the all the pleasures of this life, the false prophecies, the heresies, all these lies in other churches we've got to keep out of our lives. Remember the flood of trouble came upon Job. He lost all his money, his children. He lost his health. That flood came in. But what did he do? He found a place to stand. He said, "I know God's a redeemer. Amen. I know I'll see God. I'll stand with God on the earth at the end time. In my flesh, I shall see God because I know my redeemer lives. He found a rallying place. We can rally around that. Hallelujah. When Satan came against Jesus and the flood came in, not just not just a demon, but the chief of demons, Beelzebub, Satan, what did Jesus defeat him with? It is written. Now, when was the last time you told your temptation? It is written. You need to do that today. I need to do that today. We all need to do that today. That's how you come. That's you speak to the storm. Praise God. Just like Jesus speak to the storm. It's got to move. Hallelujah. Amen. If Jesus overcame the flood of Satan's powers by just speaking the word and standing on the word, we can do the same. Hallelujah. That's right, church. That's right. Now, church, let me just share a few personal thoughts. When I wrote that 2021 book, I thought the rapture was coming very soon because if you read in there, I wrote about cancel culture. Remember cancel culture? They started by canceling President Trump off Facebook. That's what started. And then I got off Facebook. That was 2021. I thought, "Oh, here it is. Here's the end." So, what did I do? I started my own website and now I don't even have it updated because I thought they're going to cancel me on YouTube. I thought cancer culture was coming for me. And look at it now. Now, it's to now they let Trump back on there. But see, we're seeing the culture shift again, right? President Trump has now outlawed the transgender me boys playing the girls sports. It's outlawed by ex executive order. And a lot of people are leaving the woke insanity. All these woke movies like Snow White, they're failing at the box office. And there's been a few Christian movies that have got like that uh animated Jesus movie for Easter that did way better than The Snow White. There's a shift. Now, I'm not saying they're going to get revived, but they're just shifting back to lukewarm is what they're doing, right? It was going so far, but now it's swinging back a little bit. So, it seems like, church, that we're having this pendulum swing back. And now, though, it allows uh the deception to be closer to the truth, right? Right? Because Jesus said in Matthew 24:24, "It'd be so elect, I'm sorry, it'd be so close it deceive the very elect if it were possible." Put that up there, hun, would you? So now it seems we're having a closer to truth deception. But I, in my opinion, I thought, boy, I'm going to get canceled pretty soon. It's over. Squeeze is coming on. I thought all these things. Uh, Matthew 24:24. If it if it were possible, thank God for the if. If it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. False brother says false anointed one. Christ means anointed. False anointed ones. They have the anointing, but they're false teachers. That's right. So, see, the the truth the truth uh is going to uh is always going to be the same, but the deception is going to look more like the truth. I'm going to close with these last few things. I'm going to close with a few quotes from uh brother Brandham. Now if you listen to this service church, I encourage you to listen to invis vis in invasion United States if you haven't. Brother Brandham repeatedly says the way to overcome this is to repent in prayer with tears with a sinc. He says it over and over fashion prayer. Now church, you know this answer, but when was the last time either at your seat or in the prayer line or here, you prayed with such sincerity, you were weeping? And I know some people it's easier for us to cry than others. Hey, it's easy for me to cry, right? I'm a I'm a cry baby. But I'm talking about when were you uh giving into sin and you needed to repent and you prayed until you cried and then you got the victory. That's what I'm talking about. And brother said, "This is how you stop the invasion." In other words, communion with God. And the church said, "Sound familiar? Like we preached on communion lately, Abraham and God. Communing, God's friend, church, you are the friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend, too, because I'm the seed of Abraham." But man said, "Today we put our name on the church book and go out and stay home and never say a word about it unconcerned." See, church, do we say enough about the sermons? Do we say enough about God with people? See, just as long as we belong to the church, it's all right. Brother Brandon said, "I'm sure we're wrong there. People check up for that won't stand in the in the day of judgment." No, sir. He says, "Brother," he says, these preachers say, "Raise up your hands. Who wants to accept Christ?" All like that. That's all right, brother, but that don't expel sin. He says, "See, if I said, "Well, how many want to get closer to God?" Everybody raise their hand. Brother Ram said, "But what does that do? Does that make you live different out there?" I mean, I hope it does, but if it doesn't, it's time to be more sincere. Brother Ram said, "You've got to repent first. Get right. Get down there and really cry out." I can remember the times when the oldfashioned people would walk down through the aisles, up and down the roads of crying, talking to their neighbors. That was Christians of that day telling about the things of the Lord. Hallelujah. Who is the last person you talked to the Lord about that wasn't a believer already? I'm talking about who wasn't a believer already. Hallelujah. Think about that just for a moment. Who's the last person you talked about? That's what we need to do. How how on fire are we? Are we so on fire that we want to talk to other people about it? Have we lost our sincerity? Praise God. What am I talking about? The invasion of the United States. Brother Ram said uh Paul Rivere would would in the in the revolution would say the British are coming. Remember he wrote around and said the British are coming. Brit brother Ram said we can't do that because the British are already here. Satan's already here. Right? The invasion's not coming. The invasion is here. And brother said, "I say by the spirit of Christ, we've got to keep it out of our homes. Keep it out of He said, "Keep it away from you men. Be real men. Be real women. Keep it away from your children. The invasion's already here. We got to drive it out." Praise God. That's the first quote. Now, look what here. Look what uh look at this thought. Brother Ram said uh he noticed too in 1954. Let me put that picture back up here again. One of the signs, look at one of the signs. One of the signs, Brother Ram said, the invasion was on because look what he said the church people would say. He said, I think of evangelism. They put it in big great lights. And when you see the evangelist coming to town, you wonder I he said, "My meetings have been guilty." The same. Look at this. Brother Ram said, "All of us promoters of our meetings are all guilty of doing this." Now, look, look how humble brother Rand is. Brother Ram saying, "My campaign is guilty." And the church said, "Let me read you the exact words for all you tape worshippers out there that are trying to accuse me." Let me get you the exact words so you get it. I my meetings has been guilty of the same. Type it in. Brother saying he his campaign is guilty of doing what, brother Jess. That's right. I wonder No, he says, "Uh, yeah, that's right. I wonder who's coming to town sometimes, the evangelist or Jesus Christ." I went to a place not long ago where a certain evangelist was supposed to come. Why? They had the picture of the evangelist, the man of the hour, the man's with this, the man's with that. And brother said down in the corner, they had Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham said his campaign was guilty of that. Big picture, brother Brandham. Small words about Jesus Christ. Now, come on, church. And the church said, what's our emphasis more on? Is it on, oh, I can't wait till brother Dennis comes back or brother Digs comes back so I can be revived? Why can't you be revived right now? And I'm not talking about putting my picture up there. I'm just saying let's let's Jesus should be our focus. We get only strength from Jesus. Praise God. I'm talking about what this this generation was already putting too much emphasis on the guest preacher. I don't got a guest preacher coming I think till maybe early June. I know brother Dix is coming in July. But if you're waiting till then to get revived, you're missing the whole thing. Jesus is alive today. Praise God. I thank God when the evangelist comes to town, but brother said even in his day, it was too much on evangelist and not on the Holy Ghost. Praise God. Amen. He said, "My," He said, "my campaign's guilty of the same." Brother Ram said, "Sometimes I think I get in my hotel room and say, God, who's the people coming to see me or you?" Hallelujah. If they're coming to see me, they're lost yet. Brother Brandham says from this sermon, that's why I love this sermon invasion. Brother's so honest. Who are they coming to see? Brother Brandham or Jesus Christ? Brother Brandham said, "If you're coming to see me, you're lost." That's why for all these years, I haven't put up that pillar fire picture. Maybe I will someday, but I never wanted the people I never wanted our church to worship brother Bram or or get any any extra devotion or anything to brother Bram. I want our devotion to be truly on the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And I know in Brother Ramon's church, of course, Brother Bam passed away. But I know right now they worship the tapes and they got that picture right up there right next to Jesus. It's idolatry for a lot of people. Not for everybody, but for some people it's idolatry. You can't tell nothing. The tapes is the absolute and press play and obey all these lies that they got. But I want you to see the enemy was coming in like that. Just even in our advertising, even in our advertising of our meetings, what's our emphasis? Is it the man or is it Jesus? There's my hour. Boy, that was that seemed like it was short. Praise God. I'm not going to go too long though. I am. I'm not. Brother Abraham said, "Oh God, if they're coming to see me, they're lost. Oh God, tear me down and take me away. I want to represent you. The one who will stand before I will stand before someday with trembling hands and trembling feeble body looking at me knowing that my whole my my soul hangs on your decision. He said let us exalt Christ. Now church we get these invitations from message churches. Special meetings. Special meetings. You've seen them. You've seen them. Who's the biggest picture of Jesus or the guest preachers? Always the guest preachers. And I'm not trying to I'm not trying to criticize that. I love these guest preachers and they God speaks to them, right? But just this idea who's the focus really on when the invasion when Satan comes in invasion, he's trying to get the focus any way he can off of Jesus Christ and put it on a man, a woman, gift, whatever. And church, that's why I want you to pray too now before service. Because if you didn't pray in the morning, when you come here, you're not going to help us out. You're not you're not going to help the spirit of God move if you're not praying in the morning. Hallelujah. And prayer is just you and God. So it it it when we pray, it should show us what's our what's our relationship with God. Have we talked to him? Has it been a while since we talked to him? Are we able to pray like we really want to? Why not? Why haven't we talked to him lately? We need to talk to God more. Praise the Lord. Invasion of the United States. Couple more quotes here. Brother Ram said, "Let this nation come to tears, not to come to laughter and drama." And brother Ram talks about preachers that tell jokes at the pulpit. That's how Joel Olstein starts every sermon. Have you seen it? He says, "I always start I like to start with something funny. He tells a joke and then everybody laughs and he goes back to preaching. I like I'd like to I'd like to make a video with Brother Man's voice on there and then Joe Ostein telling a joke. Because that's what people do. They want to hear jokes. They don't want to hear the gospel truth. Brother Ram said this. Just bear with me with this illustration. Brother Ram said the gospel is like boxers. And he said with with the the real gospel, you take the gloves off. And he says it's bare knuckle punching. Now I I don't want you to get the wrong idea, but I want you to see if you put the boxing gloves on, it doesn't hurt as bad. In other words, brother said that's what preachers are doing today. They won't tell you uh it's it's wrong to cuss. They won't tell you it's wrong to look at those dirty things and they they won't tell you when you're in adultery. They won't tell you it's adultery. He said they got punching gloves on. But Ram said, "But the gospel takes them off." In other words, you're going to get a real real conviction. And the church said, "I'm not talking about beating anybody or hitting anybody. I don't do that. I never would do that. I don't do that." I'm talking about tell me the truth no matter how much it hurts. Praise God. Tell me what the Bible says, no matter how much it hurts. Hallelujah. Tell them about the holiness like Rod and I are tell them about the the hair. Tell them about the no women preachers. Tell them about that. Tell them about the Roman Catholic Church and the Protestants uniting as an image in the beast. Tell them about that. That's barefisted gospel preaching. I know you're getting tired. Bear with me. I'm almost done. I'm not I'm actually starting to warm up here by God's grace. So that's just how it is. That's how it is. It's all good. Hallelujah. He said, "Let this nation come to its knees in repentance." That's what we need. Not a revival to get the whole lot out of people in church. We need to close every bootleg joint, stop all the cigarette smoking, tear down the factories, start up a real oldfashioned Holy Ghost campaign where men and women, day and night, lay on their face crying. I'll tell you, it'll be the greatest shelter that this nation's ever had. That's true. Glory. Amen. Abraham said, ' Don't be afraid of the of Russia. Russ Russia's got nothing to do with it. He says, "We're doing it to ourselves. Our own rottness right among us has allowed the invasion to come in." People worried about Iran. People worried about uh uh North Korea, Russia. Brother said, "It's our own sin that's going to do it because Satan has invaded." All right, couple more here. Brother Ram said there's only one thing that can get the world out of them. That's the altar before Jesus Christ. This like the third time he says this. An old-fashioned tear streaming religion that'll break their hearts and tear them to pieces and make them what they ought to be. That's right. So, if you're still struggling with sin today, you have any sins you're struggling with, you need to lay at the altar or at your seat and cry until you're so ashamed of it that you know you're not going to do it again. Hallelujah. Praise God. That's what you need. I could pray for you all day, brother. I said the preacher can pour five gallons of oil on you. I wish I had a gallon container as a visual. I've only got this 16 fluid ounces. I wish I knew how many ounces in a gallon, but I could pour all this oil on you and church, it's not going to help you until you hate sin, until you love righteousness. And the church said, "Amen." Hallelujah. It ain't going to help no matter how much I pray or anybody else prays. Amen. I'm just talking about me because I'm I'm the one here that's here today. Praise God. See, it's this oldfashioned tear streaming religion that'll break your heart and tear it to pieces and make you what you ought to be. He said, "You may think I'm an old fogy." But he says, "But the day when you're dying, brother, sister, you'll realize that I told you the truth. She's on. The invasion is on. The hour is here. Yes, an hour of decision, too. an hour of decision not to come to church, but an hour of decision whether you're going to serve Christ or stay lukewarm in your church. And the church said, "Oh my, the decision is whether you're going to come to church or not. The decision is whether you're going to stay on fire or you're going to stay lukewarm for Christ." That's the decision. Almost everybody here, you everybody here has already been to church before. But who's on fire? That that's that's what we need to know. Who's on fire? Who's getting victory over the enemy? Hallelujah. That's some barefisted preaching right there. I don't got any gloves on today. Hallelujah. You got sin, confess your sin. Cry about your sin. And watch. Brother Ram said, "It'll expel sin. It'll delete the sin." Right? The Holy Spirit will take the sin out. Hallelujah. And you won't want to do it again. That's right. And then he says it again. He persuades them to repent with tears streaming down your faces. This is the fourth time he said this. And this is the way to defeat uh the invasion United States is with tears. I wonder how many of these women at least they got skirts on. And look, look how long they are. My goodness. This one that's a really No, she's holding a coat there. I was like, that's a really long skirt. Oh, but she does. Yeah, there's one, right? No, that might be the coat, too. Look, look at this. It's almost down to the ankles. That'd be a shame. a lot of message churches and the church said that's so much longer than most message churches. Not that that makes anybody holier whether it's that or you know a few inches but the point of uh the point of staying on fire for God making sure your life matches the gospel of Jesus Christ. Church brother tells one more confession at the end of this service. Okay, one more. So, he's already done one confession, and I'm going to close with this because I want you to think about anything you need to confess to God. Not to me, to God. I'm not going to turn into a Roman Catholic. Okay, confess all your sins to me. Tell me what you're doing here. I don't want to know. You wouldn't want to know my struggles, right? Well, just one more confession. The first confession is he said, "My campaign is guilty of putting my picture real big and putting Jesus Christ real small." You might think that's a small thing, but brother Ram says we're guilty of it. Brother Ram's praying. He said, "Oh, Father, with while the great darkness is on the battle and the devil invading the cries and invading the pulpits." See, I got to keep the devil out of this pulpit. You've got to keep him out of your house. So do I. But I've also got to keep him out of this pulpit. He's trying to invade this pulpit, right? The devil invading the pulpits. Invading the churches. I got to make sure you don't invade the church. Invading the peoples, invading the businesses, invading the cities and the schools and the homes. Oh God, help us to stand. Pull the sword quickly and fight for God. What does God want you to do? Fight with the word as Moses and the Levites did down there when they were in the camp. Uh help us Lord, forgive us now and bless us and keep us humble. Notice these words. Break us up, oh Lord. Oh God, you said he that goes forth sewing in tears will doubtless return again rejoicing, bringing with him sheav. That's a good scripture. Would you pull that up there? U sewing in tears. Let me There you go. So tears, get your Bibles out. If you got a Bible, get out, please. I want you to see this because this is your promise. Uh Psalm 126, verses 45, five, and six. And I'm I'm going to read this and I'll read a quote and then we'll be done by God's grace. But I hope you're not done. If you have things to confess before God, confess them. Brother Ram confessed his campaign was off. Too much emphasis on a man. He's going to show his ne next next confession with this. But here's a scripture that if you really want to get victory over any sin, I want you to say that out loud. Say any sin. Ready? Any sin. Any sin. If you want victory over any sin, here's what you do. Captivity. This is the Israel had natural captivity, but we battle spiritual captivity. Turn again our captivity, O Lord, as the streams in the south. They that sew or plant tears. Your tears are like seeds of victory. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Tears are like seeds of victory. Oh God, I want to be free. Oh God, I don't want to give into this anymore. Oh God, I want to overcome sin. I want to be different. When you cry and those tears fall, it's like planting spiritual seeds. And you know God's going to water that seed. Hallelujah. That's right. If you plant in tears, you shall reap in joy. So someday God will give you the victory. Maybe today. Amen. Today could be the day God gives you victory and you get the joy of the Lord. Oh, I won't do that again. God's given me the victory. I'm free in Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Satan's not going to invade my life. He that goeth forth with weeping and weepeth, bearing precious seeds. See, those are precious seeds. Shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheets with him. So, why why aren't men, remember I preaching this, why aren't men rejoicing in church? Because a lot of them are addicted to porn. Why aren't women uh rejoicing in church? I don't know. Maybe they're addicted to grief or sorrow or something. I don't know. Uh maybe money and and uh I don't know. Who knows? But you know, I'm just these general things. In other words, we should all be rejoicing. We should all be free. We should be praying and and crying. We should be crying for the abomination done the city. This is how you get victory. You give God your heart. You say, "God, break me down. Mold me up. Make me a new creature." Praise God. Now look at that word. Oh yeah, look at that word. Verse six. Everybody say doubtless. Ready? So without a doubt, if you cry out to God with tears, God will hear you. If you really want victory, God will give it to you. No doubt. There's no doubt about it. God will give you the victory if you plant those se those tears, those seeds of victory. Hallelujah. All right. Now, I'm closing. What's the last thing Brother says? Yeah, he quotes that. Oh God, break us to pieces. Mold us a new Lord. We're getting too much out of the way. Now look what he says. Here's the second confession. I am myself, Lord. What? What? Brother Ram's getting out of the way. What? I can't wait to read this next part. Brother Claude, Brother Patrick, how is Brother Ram getting out of the way of God? Anybody want to know? He says, "I'm getting to a place where I'm thinking about how many will attend my meeting, oh God." Brother Ram said, "I'm leaving uh I'm I've left this the sincerity that I I should have because I'm worried wondering about I wonder how many going to attend my meeting." You know, the same thing's true for us if we're worried about how many views are we going to get on YouTube, how much tithes and offerings are going to come in today. Those are all things we can worry about, right? And as soon as we start worrying about those things, brother Ram says we're out of the way. We've left the path of God. We're worrying about cares of the world rather than the gospel of Jesus Christ. Praise God. I've had so many people over the years come in here and say, "Brother Jesse, you preach you preach so loud with so much." No, I don't. Loudness is loudness is not a sign that I'm right with God, but they say, "You preach with so much zeal to 20 people." and they say, 'We appreciate that. It proves you're not you don't care about the number and I don't care about the number of people, but I do want you to come to church. I care about your soul. Praise God. In other words, I don't care how many people here. I'm going to preach what God puts on my heart to preach. And I don't want to get out of the way and start worrying about the number of views, money, any other care of the world. Tell us, Brother Bram, how are you getting out of the way? I'm thinking about how many will attend my meeting. Oh God, I want you to attend. Oh, I love that. Amen. Oh God, I don't care who attends as long as Jesus attends. Hallelujah. Oh, I love it. Thank you, Lord. I want you to attend. Come, Lord. Oh Christ, come, Lord. Break me up. Mold me. Oh Lord, don't never let me get those things on my mind. God, keep them from me. Let's stand to our feet. Church, what's coming on your mind that somehow gets you out of the way? musicians can come. Is there anything that pulls you away from your sincerity? How many of this? How much of that? What's our emphasis on? We only get excited about God when this happens. What has pulled us out of the way? If if something's pull us out of the way and invasion has happened, our sincerity's been invaded and attacked and we've lost our sincerity. Brother man said, "Pull out the sword and fight with the word of God. Let's bow our heads. Dear God in heaven, Lord, we thank you for this message your prophet preached 71 years ago. God, we can see it. It's such a reality when the enemy comes in like a flood. Lord, we battle Satan almost daily as he tries to come in with distractions and cares of the world where we think about things we shouldn't think about, Lord God. And as brother Brandham said, we get out of the way. In other words, we lose a little bit of sincerity. Our focus gets on the wrong thing. And brother Dennis preached that to us. Satisfaction and focus. Lord God, we love this word. This word has life today. Hallelujah. Thank God. Lord, we want a barefisted gospel message, Lord, to convict us on all the right things. Lord God, we don't want a soft, watered down sermon. Lord, let your spirit now deal with each and every heart, Lord God. Lord, if anyone's let down their spiritual strength, Lord God, if anyone's allowed the enemy to invade, I pray, Lord, they'll do it in repentance, Lord God, with tears. Lord, I had tears up at the altar here this morning, Lord God. It's a common theme. Lord, if I can just humble myself, ask for forgiveness, Lord God, then your spirit comes on me, Lord God. I feel like, Lord, and we have that doubtless if we sew in tears, we'll come rejoicing with joy. Lord God, thank you for that scripture. Thank you for that wonderful scripture your prophet quoted. Lord God, that's what we need, Lord. broke up saints who are who care about their spiritual state, who care about whether they're getting victory or whether they're invaded. Lord God, your prophet was so honest to show us two of his personal examples where he felt like he was guilty falling short. And God, may we look at our lives today. Are we guilty, Lord God? Oh God, if we're guilty, help us to repent with tears. Lord God, we can be different. Lord, we don't want to be a lukewarm church, Lord. I don't want to be a part of a lukewarm church. None of us do, Lord God. So God, help us, Lord Jesus. Break us up, as brother Ram said, Lord God. Oh Lord, help us, Jesus. Lord, we need to pray more, Lord. We need to be closer to you, Lord Jesus. We all need more of you, Lord God. Oh God, when the enemy comes in like a flood, thank God. The spirit of God is here and he's rose up a standard against Satan. Hallelujah. Thank you, God. Lord, we see the spirit of Rome taking over all these aspects of society. But Lord Jesus, protect us. May it not invade our homes, Lord, our church. Lord God, help us to stand on the solid rock, waving the banner of Jesus Christ, the love of God. His banner over me is love. Hallelujah. Thank you, God. Bless your people. We ask it. May they be truly sincere, God. I ask it in Jesus Christ's name. and the church.
