################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-09 - (10-8-25) Cherubim and Seraphim  - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-09
Title:   (10-8-25) Cherubim and Seraphim  - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKBOoo3KIcY
========================================

Tonight I'd like to uh preach on cherubam and saraphim by God's grace. So I want to look at angels again. I hope you're enjoying the angel series here by God's grace. I just got a question about it a couple weeks ago and I devoted some time to studying it. I've really been enjoying it. It's been a real refresher to me. It's Isaiah chapter 6 here by God's grace. We'll just do uh one and two. Isaiah 61 and two. So, we'll have a word of prayer. I'm sorry. We'll read our text and then I think we'll have a word of prayer. I don't see Ocelina. So, I wonder if Lena, you know, still trying to keep food down. We want to pray for her. We did pray for her at the beginning of the service. Like to keep her in prayer by God's grace. Isaiah 61 and two here. So, I'll read verse one. Then we can all read uh verse two. In the year that King Uzziah died, I saw also the Lord sitting upon a throne high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple. Let's read verse two on three. One, two, three. Above it stood the saraphims. Each one had six wings. With twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly. Let's have one more word of prayer. If you have a need on your heart, let's make it known to God here tonight. Let's pray for our sister Lena. Haven's sick and Lydia's sick. That's why they couldn't make it. and my wife just stayed home to help out. Thank God Tulsi is doing good and we're thankful for that. Um so we want to lift them up in prayer here today by God's grace. So let's pray. Father God, we're thankful again to be in your house, Lord. We're hastening to you, Lord God. We're not letting the world pull us away from the house of God. We're not letting the world pull us away from the word. Hallelujah. We love to worship and sing your praises. Thank you for reminding us that we are the bride of Jesus Christ, Lord. Not by just profession, but by experience, Lord God, and by the word of God. Hallelujah. by the spirit and by the truth. Lord, as we've said many times, some of us were raised in denomination and we can see now that there's more truth in this light, Lord God. We're so thankful to be walking in this light. We would say the mysteries of God are finished in this light. Hallelujah. We rejoice in that, Lord, today. What a glorious light. We'll walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. Hallelujah. So, Father, Lord, just minister now by your spirit. We pray for our sister Lena, Lord. Lord, we just ask God that your spirit will help her to get through this first trimester and of course the whole pregnancy. We prayed over that and dedicated this child already and this pregnancy into your mighty loving hands, Lord Jesus. But be with her in a special way tonight if she's not feeling well, Lord God. Let your will be done. Hallelujah. We give you glory and praise, Lord Jesus, here tonight. Strengthen us, Lord, in this simple short little message. I pray you speak to your people here tonight in Jesus Christ's name. The saints said, "Amen." God bless you. As you being seated, we'll trust the Lord will speak to uh Sister Lena, minister to Lena here by God's grace. So, I'll just briefly review here. Uh I got a little quote on my phone I want to make sure I got to. Okay. Uh so, I'll just briefly review, you know, as I study this and think about it more and, you know, read the scripture. Pardon me, I mean a tissue. um it just becomes a little more clear. Trust everybody had a good uh start to the week thanks to communion. Praise God. Amen. Renewing your communion with the Lord. It's always a blessing. Of course, I feel strengthened and had a beautiful testimony on Monday night. That was such a wonderful thing. So, I'll share that at the end. Uh but we've seen the angel Lord. It's God confirming his covenants with his own messages. Right? So, we see who the angel Lord is. It's God. And of course, then there's general angels. we would call ministering spirits. We would call them they're an angel of the Lord. Um so we see that in the scripture, you know, Psalm 37:4 and we saw that in uh Hebrews chapter 1. Hallelujah. And these are deliverance messengers for the heirs of salvation. Hallelujah. And so that will tie in uh to the testimony as well because I realized, you know, this testimony was linked to my life being saved. I forgot about that when I was maybe seven or eight years old. Um, so those are two the first two kinds of angels. You know, angel of the Lord and then the administering spirits. Now, I I did say on Sunday this is true. You know, I could be wrong on some of this. So, I'm not trying to take any uh stand on anything. If somebody showed me a scripture I missed, I would instantly say, "I'm sorry. I'm wrong." But this is not a major. This is a minor. Hallelujah. But it's quite an encouraging minor when you know God's angels are with you. Hallelujah. To know that you're not alone. Hallelujah. That God's with you. God's protecting you. uh through his messengers. Hallelujah. So, as I said, you know, these these guardian angels may be cherubam. Okay? They may be um and so I'll deal with that just briefly a little bit more here tonight uh by God's grace. But cherubam are throne guards or mercy seat guards and they provide unceasing worship to God. Right? We saw that in uh Revelation 4:8. They they cry without ceasing. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Amen. And then tonight, Lord willing, we'll look at uh Saraphim here uh by God's grace. Now, my wife had a good question, but I just want to read this here. And um you know, there's a little bit of uh uh there's little there's sometimes there's questions and she had a good question. Uh brother Random called the four beasts cherubam. Okay, just so you know. So, the four beasts are called cherubam. They're also called living creatures, right? Living creatures. Uh they're called beasts. The beast in the Greek is zoo. Zunes z o n zun they're called that's the Greek word. Um but brother calls him cherubam in 1961 revelation chapter 5 part two. He says John could not see into there. He only seen those fourheaded or he says those four beasts standing there or those four cherubams standing there guarding the holy place. Okay. So what's interesting church is on the ark of the covenant you had two cherubam but in God's heavenly throne you have four cherubam I can't understand that I can't explain that maybe God will give the revelation to one of you all right but alls I know is in heaven there's four brother Chris but on earth when Moses made a an image of it he just put two cherubam there so I can't explain that but I believe it hallelujah I believe every word of god hallelujah now in previous years you might have remembered I thought maybe uh Lucifer was one of them and then uh Michael was the other Lucifer fell so God replaced him kind of like Judas fell and God replaced him you know I might have said that in years past I think I did and so again to show I don't know everything about angels I'm just glad I got one praise God I'm just glad that I fear God hallelujah and that God sends his angel to protect me to deliver me because I can I cannot do it church you and I were no match for the devil &gt;&gt; we are no match for him except greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world. Hallelujah. And then God even on top of that God will send angels to protect us. Hallelujah. And strengthen us. Now um so we have angel lord ministering spirits guardian angels and then we have cherubam. Now if you remember the fifth seal brother talked about the four beasts in the fifth seal because there was no more beasts in the fifth, sixth and seventh seals. There was only a beast on the first four seals. The beast turned and said to John, you know, the beast, the second seal, third, fourth, but in the fifth, there was no beast. And so, Brother takes the first hour of that sermon before he gets into the Jews under the fifth seal. And he kind of rehearses those four beasts. And he was showing how uh in the in the uh let's see, it would be the uh second the second anointing, the threat in church age. Brother Ram said they had the ox anointing and he said the little church could do nothing but just simply labor. Right? So the first anointing was lion boldness power. Right? The early apostles in fact I've never met anyone who had close to a ministry like the apostles except brother Brandham. Right? But the the ministry of brother of uh the apostles was lion bold the king of the beast right king of the jungle. That was the early church. But then the anointings shifted, right, to the ox anointing where they just labored for God, right? An ox will just labor, give its life freely, right? Die as a sacrifice. It'll just give its life. Okay? And then brother Ram said another thing, the ox also is a beast of sacrifice. They give their lives just as freely as they could in the dark ages. a thousand years there, Catholicism controlled the world and they just went right in. Yes or no, they didn't mind dying. A church we see, you know, like Charlie Kirk or we see someone who's, you know, assassinated or even JFK, which we don't think he was a believer unless unless he repented in the last moments. But we see things like that and it just hurts us. Or did you see this week I think it was uh 31 Christians were beheaded in uh uh what was it Zimbabwe or Nigeria? Forgive me if I got the wrong uh but ISIS beheaded over 30 Christians and they just what they do they just freely gave their life. Right? They're willing to they're willing to just die and not recant the precious name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Now that's real faith right there. It's an anointing. He said they didn't mind dying. If it was death, brother said that's all right. They went and died anyhow. Why? The very spirit of the age. He's talking about the ox anointing. Now, Simon mentioned this earlier. Listen, church. If if the four horse riders, if the pale horse rider was a combination of all all three, right? The previous three, the fourth was a combination of well then perhaps this eagle anointing is a combination of all three previous as well. And then that would make sense if people are dying today and freely giving their lives, you know, putting their head on the chopping block. We'd say in a way, then perhaps that that is the uh uh perhaps that is the truth that this eagle anointing then would be a combination. Hallelujah. Now, the reason I bring this up is because I preached recently on the throne of God and we showed how your heart or your soul is the throne of God. &gt;&gt; Right? So see there's there's there's some kind of connection. And then brother Ram says, "You're anointed with the eagle anointing, which brother Ram calls a cherub." Cherubam. So we have an anointing of an angel. I wouldn't say an angel, but we have the anointing of the Holy Ghost with certain attributes to it that are like it unto an eagle. And the best example is like the spirit of Elijah. The spirit of Elijah is the Holy Spirit, but it's the Holy Spirit with certain characteristics, right? To match the time in which the men lived. So, I hope this makes sense, brother Chris, by God's grace might be kind of new to you. But Elijah had at least five characteristics. And of course, I found a sixth one today. Now, this is just my humble opinion, but brother said, well, the Bible says Elijah spoke with thus sayith the Lord. That's part of his anointing. The second is re he rebuked all the religious leaders for his day. Brother Ramman died of this generation of preachers right in 1963. Third, he rebuked immoral women. John the Baptist did uh right Herod, I'm sorry, Herodiius uh and then Elijah, Jezebel, brother Brandham, Jaclyn Kennedy, Marilyn Monroe, right? All the all the immoral women. Fourth, they were men of the wilderness, right? Brother Ram loved the wilderness. Elijah, John the Baptist, was in the wilderness from the time he was 9 years old till 30. Number five, they had uh obvious human weaknesses when the anointing left them. Right? Elijah, we saw it last week, he ran to a cave and beg God to take him home and die, right? Uh John the Baptist when he's enthroned in prison, he says, "Was Jesus the Messiah or do we look for another?" Brother Brham, when the anointing leaves him, he said, "I I don't even know if I'm a prophet. I'm not a prophet. But I don't call myself a prophet. Yet when the angel's there, he says, "Do you believe me to be God's prophet?" &gt;&gt; Right? So when the anointing leaves and God allows trials to come in, these men show their human side. And church, we all show our human side. &gt;&gt; We're not bashing Elijah, John the Baptist, Elisha, Brother Brandham, or the future Elijah to come with Moses. Whether it's Moses and Elijah themselves come back, or if it's men with the same spirit. Now the sixth one I found today is I realized this. Brother Brandham said this in God hiding himself in simplicity. He's talking about Elijah humbled himself and stayed with what God said in such a way that it pleased God to take that same spirit from Elijah and promised to shove it. Which is interesting. Shove it three times down the road from there. And he did it. Hallelujah. Sure. Sure he did. He said he promised it would come. It would come upon Elisha his successor. Then come on, John the Baptist. And according to Malachi 4, it's supposed to be here again in the last day. And it was here. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, look what brother says. Here's the next thing I want to get to. God loved that spirit that was on that simple, uneducated woodsman from back there in the woods somewhere. It was so obedient to his word. He could say, "Elijah, do this." And Elijah would do it. God hid himself in there in such simplicity. Hallelujah. that God wanted to use that spirit five times. Brother Chris, think about that. God loved that man. He was so obedient. God would tell him, "Go say this. Thus say the Lord. Go say that. Thus say the Lord." Elijah would do it. And God said, "I love that so much. I'm going to use that four more times." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. So, that's what I'm trying to get you to see. If if Elijah's spirit is just the Holy Ghost with certain attributes, well, then the eagle anointing must be the Holy Ghost with certain attributes. Now by the Bible, what attributes do we see? Remember Jesus said where the carcass is, the eagles will be gathered. So what's the attribute of eagle? They go to where the word is freshly killed. They go to the fresh revelation. They go to the latest message from God. They won't go back to Pentecost. &gt;&gt; They won't go back uh to Martin Lu Luther and John Wesley, right? They won't go to that. They're not going to go to something that's rotting. as far as I say like dust, right? They won't go back to the dust. They'll go to some meat that they can eat. Praise God. &gt;&gt; And they're gathered, all the eagles are gathered eating eagle food, which church is the Bible. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Eagle food right here, Brother Chris. Amen. Not a creed, not a denomination. They're eating eagle food, which is the word of God, the fresh word of God for today. Hallelujah. Amen. There's a second uh characteristics. They fly or dwell up in heavenly places above the world, right? They're they're airborne animals. They they live in heavenly places. And of course, we know that's another symbol for revelation. They have a greater revelation than the other animals. Now, church, we don't brag about that or anything like that, but we have to admit the revelation of the seven seals were was not given for almost 2,000 years until God gave it to brother Brandham. So for that we're humbled. For that we're thankful. But we're not going to pat ourselves on the back calling us the greatest of all time. But we're going to say, "Thank you, Lord, that you chose th this is just the day you chose to reveal it in. So we'll accept it. We'll believe it. And we'll be able to fight off the antichrist spirit because we've got the spirit of the of God Almighty, the spirit of the flying eagle." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. And we won't be drawn uh into the pale horse rider who church as we know is riding with all this ecumenical talk now. Right. What is today? The eth. Okay. That's coming up. Did I tell you that? Uh that all there's 50 churches. I'm sorry. There there's 50 tents going to be lined up in Washington DC. It might be start tomorrow and they're going to line up 50 tables where every state's going to have Christians and they're going to have the largest communion ever in Washington DC. It's this weekend. and Catholics, Protestants, everybody's coming together to unite to have communion. Church, we will not be there. You cannot have communion with devils. These false prophets that make all these false prophecies and they fail time after time. We would not take communion with them. The Bible says a man like that you don't even let inside your house. Hallelujah. That's what first uh I'm sorry, that's what second John 1 says. If a man tries to bring any other false do any other false doctrine, don't even let him in your house. Well, then how can you have communion with him if you won't let him into your house? Would you let him in the house of God? Of course not. Hallelujah. Now, there's another attribute is the renewed strength. The Bible says God will renew our strength if we wait upon the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we have at least three attributes. Praise God. We have revelation that's high above the things of the world, right? We get our strength renewed. Hallelujah. So we won't go back to the things of the world because God will give us strength to start fighting again. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And then we all gather around the fresh revelation of the word of God. &gt;&gt; Malachi and I were at a Bible study on Monday night. And Malachi would probably I hope you say amen to this. No pressure. But we had all these guys sharing their different opinions about Roh Markap 11. But only one guy had the revelation of this hour. Hallelujah. They're giving all these ideas about the fig tree and all these things. That guy was me. Amen. And well, these two guys, Malachi and I, they're guessing about what is speaking the mountains mean and what is all this. Hallelujah. And I just waited for my turn. Hallelujah. You want to know what it means? I'll tell you what it means. Because we've got So, we gather around the fresh word of God. Hallelujah. And we know WHAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT BECAUSE GOD'S GIVEN US THUS sayith the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's no stuttering. There's no wonder. I wonder if this or wonder if that. Well, my friend said that. My dad, my mom said that. No, A PROPHET OF GOD said this. Hallelujah. But we say it humbly, right? We say it humbly. Now, so church there, so what I'm saying is there is some connection to the cherubam that are at the throne of God in heaven. And then brother Ram saying we have the anointing of the flying eagle cherubam in our souls. Now it's only the Holy Ghost because you're you're uh sealed to the day of redemption by the Holy Spirit. It's the Holy Spirit of God. But there's some connection to that. So that's why I said, you know, uh your guardian angel may be a cherub, right? Because it's your anointing for that day. It may be that, right? Maybe the flying eagle. But for certain the the Holy Ghost that our souls are sealed with, right, has the attribute of a flying eagle. That's all we can do is act like flying eagles. And it might be a combination of the three previous uh characters, right? You got the lion, the ox, and the man anointing all into one. If that's because that's how the pale horse rider was. Uh the white, black, I'm sorry, white, red, black. I'm sorry. Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. white, red, black into one. That's right. Yeah. Because dark ages. Okay. Now, I'll just say like that. This is so not extremely clear to me. Does everybody understand? I'm not saying I'm I got it exactly right, but I'm just trying to connect some of these teachings. They're all kind of coming together in this little sermon series here. And the church said, &gt;&gt; I'm not saying I'm exactly right. In fact, if somebody shows me after church I'm wrong, I'll come back and say I'm wrong on Sunday because I'm not making a major out of a minor. I'm keeping in a minor, but I'm giving you these attributes that there is some connection. If our heart is a throne, if our soul's a throne, and there's cherubams up there on the throne of God, and now we're the throne of God, there's some connection here by the grace of God, right? And we're anointed with the flying eagle cherub anointing, there's some connection. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "All right, I just want you to get that there by God's grace." Now, give me 15 minutes to close here. Hallelujah. What a statement. I never thought I'd ever say that, but I guess life throws you some uh interesting seasons of life. Now, let's go now to the seraraphim by God's grace. Hallelujah. There there's only two verses on seraraphim in the whole Bible, so this ain't going to take us extremely long maybe to get through and then I got two quotes here. So, Sarapum, Isaiah 6. Now, we were there. Isaiah 6. Now uh brother Ham even uses this word uh from Scoffield's uh co commentary. The word uh saraphim in the Hebrew means fiery or burner. Okay? So it's a burner angel or a fiery angel. And why is that? Because they have tongues and they're able to to grab a coal from the altar of God. right now, church. And here's another thing I don't know. I don't know if they're taking coals from the altar of the burnt offering, which would be in the outer court, like the brazen altar was in Moses' day, or if they're taking coals from the uh altar of incense where the prayers would be. Now, my guess is maybe the prayer because it's closer to the throne of God, but I don't know, right? I don't know. Um, and again, I'm not I think I even said this before. Uh, that brazen altar thrown there or brazen altar there in heaven that might not be there, but the brazen altar might be the throne of Jesus because that's where the blood of Christ is. So, I'm getting kind of deep here into some deep thoughts, but I just remember I showed you the pictures on on Wednesday. I'm just saying I don't know for sure. It's a great mystery, but one day that mystery will become reality. Hallelujah. Then we'll know. Oh, the Bible said we'll know even as we're known in heaven. Hallelujah. Thank God heaven knows who we are. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, so we see Saraphim in in Isaiah 6:2. Now, I'm going to turn there just so I got Let's go to Isaiah 63. I think I just like to read that. Okay. Now, and one cried unto another. So, there are saraphims, more than one. Hallelujah. Just like archangels, the Bible said just like cherubims or cherubams. And then uh here are saraphims. Verse three. And he cried one to another and said, "Holy, holy is the Lord of hosts. The whole earth is full of his glory." How many can say amen to that? Hallelujah. Church, that means Akran is full of the glory of the Lord. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Verse four. And the post of the door moved at the voice of him that cried glory. And the house was filled with smoke. So again, that could be the brazen altar or that could be the altar of incense and all the smoke that comes off of that spiritual throne in heaven. Spiritual smoke, spiritual fire, just like the spiritual fire on the day of Pentecost, right? Licks a fire over their heads. Yes. Now verse five. And then I said, "Then said I, woe is me, for I'm undone, because I'm a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips, for mine eyes have seen the King, the Lord of Hosts." So see again, if if anyone comes in the presence of God and they're not repented, they're going to feel very filthy and unclean. But the best part is that Isaiah recognized he needed cleansing. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that's that that's the spirit of judgment. Remember that series? The spirit of judgment tells you, "I'm I'm filthy. I'm unclean. I don't deserve it. I'm nobody. I've sinned. I've done iniquities. All these things. But then the spirit of burning will come to cleanse us from our sins. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank God. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Verse six. Then flew one of the seraraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken from the tongs from off the altar. So this angel has tongs, right? Like we do with spaghetti, whatever you use. He had a tong. He grabs a coal and he flies down from heavenly realm down into the earth realm. Right? Verse seven. And he laid it on my mouth. Now he didn't he didn't throw it on his mouth, right? He didn't bash it there. He lays it there. Right? Look at the look at the gentleness of God. Hallelujah. Just like the angel touched Eli Elijah when he was worn out. He lays it there. Hallelujah. The gentleness of God. Lo, this hath uh touched thy lips, and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin is purged. Hallelujah. Amen. So, look at this. Angel, oh my hallelujah. Had a part in the plan of God to bring fire down from heaven and it caused all the iniquity to be sent away. And it caused all of his sins to be purged. An angel did that. Hallelujah. an angel allowed Isaiah to experience what it's like for his sins to be uh uh to cast away and then for him to feel like he was clean or the Hebrew there is atonement he felt at one with God. Oh my if we've ever felt one with God perhaps it was the saraphim perhaps it was God's angel that brought his presence that cleaned us out and now we feel united with God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, amen. Remember, because church, remember, is he not the same yesterday, today, and forever? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, if God sent a seraraphim to touch a prophet, would God send a seraphim down to touch others? It's very possible. I'm not saying absolutely, but if you ever get cleansed, if you ever feel that your sins have been taken away, hallelujah, and there's a fountain filled with blood that's drawn from Emanuel's veins and your sins have been plunged beneath that the flood and you felt you've lost all your guilty stains. Hallelujah. THEN IT'S POSSIBLE THAT A SARAPHIM BROUGHT FIRE FROM HEAVEN TO CLEANSE your heart and life. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. A live coal, a fiery coal was laid on his mouth and it cleansed them from all iniquity. Now look what brother says in influence. This is after the seals. He said, "And here was these saraphims covered their holy faces, covered their feet with two wings. They went into action, reverent, humble, and inaction." That's what the three sets of uh wings represent, saints. Reverent, humble, and in action. Reverent is your face covered. Humble is your feet covered. Right? And then flying is action. Reverent, humble, in action. Amen. Look what brother says. If that ain't a dressed up servant, I don't know what is. Amen. And that's not a real Christian. Now church, why does that make me happy? Because you can be humble, reverent, and in action, and you are a dressed up servant of Jesus Christ. Amen. If we can just remain humble, hallelujah. If we can just remain uh uh holy and in service, then God will make us his real servants. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I felt on Monday night that I was a little I wasn't very kind. But Brendan assured me, he said, "Bro," he said, he said, "Brother Jesse, you're the humblest person." He said, "I know." That's what he said. Okay? And I'm not try I'm not bragging at all. I'm just saying like, "I want to make sure I don't come across as prideful. I want to come across as humble because I realize I'm nothing. I know I'm nothing." But I just, that was fresh this week. Someone shared, "You're the most humble person I know." Now, church, that will give me some uh motivation to stay humble, stay reverent, stay in action. Because if I start thinking I'm humble, then I'm going to be prideful. Does everybody get that? Oh, I'm I'm the humblest person on earth. Well, now you're prideful. I mean, it just can flip so fast, church, right? Don't want it to do that, but it just kind of came to my mind. But Ram said, if that ain't a dressed up servant, I don't know what is. Reverent, humble, and inaction. Oh my. He says, now look what brother Ram says. This is in the same sermon. He says these heavenly seraraphims was flying back and forth in the temple. The actual Hebrew word there is burners. These are burners angels or burning angels. These were the ones who offered incense and the sacrifice. Huh? So brother says this is the incense. So the altar of incense. This would be the altar right before the holiest of holies. So that's what brother says. I don't know if there might be some clues in here I missed or I forgot that might be right. He says uh they these burners he says I'm sorry I lost my spot. And these are the ones who offered incense and sacrifice. Now listen, he says it's just a higher order of angels. Now there's a quote where brother says they're not angels earlier in the 50s but later here after the seals he says they're a higher order of angels. The saraphims, remember they got six wings, church, right? Two over the face, they got two flapping, and they got two over their feet. A reverent, humble servant of the Lord in action. Hallelujah. He says it's a higher order of angels that makes the way for the sinner as long as there is a sacrifice. Hallelujah. Amen. So, does that sound like it fits the Bible? Yes. The Saraphim made a way for Isaiah to be used by God. Right? Isaiah's like, "I'm I'm woeful. I'm a dirty man. Everyone around me is unclean. I'm unclean." But the seraraphim made a way to be clean. Hallelujah. Amen. The saraphim made a way for him TO BE USED BY GOD. AND JESUS is the same yesterday, today, and forever. CHURCH, LET'S BE USED BY GOD. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; Oh man. Amen. Let's be USED BY GOD. THE fire of God can cleanse our lips, can cleanse our lives. Glory. He said they, these seraphims, they stayed right in the presence of God. They're the same as the cherubams. They were right in the presence of God. And remember, we saw that in Ezekiel 10. Remember we saw that on Sunday. The Bible said the cherubams are around there close to the coals of fire. We saw that I think Sunday. Ezekiel 10. In other words, the cherubam and seraraphim are right there, right by the throne of God. And the Bible says there's an angel host all around the throne of God. Let me see if I can find that real quick just so you got it. I don't know if I'll be able to. I got it. Yeah. First Kings 22:19. Thank God. This is the story of course of Micaiah. Remember, uh he was trying to warn Ahab, don't go up there. And uh he said he saw a lying spirit anoint the 450 prophets. And he said, "Hear thou therefore the word of the Lord. And I saw the Lord sitting on his throne AND ALL THE HOST of heaven standing by him on his right hand and on his left. Hallelujah. So we know there's cherubam there and there's saraphim there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And there uh they're they're surrounding all let's say all. OKAY WE ALL ALL THE HOST of heaven. So all the angels. We still got a couple more we'll get into maybe Sunday by God's grace. But again they there could be some overlap. I could be dividing them too much. Maybe there's fewer kinds of angels. I don't know. I'm just trying my best to understand the scripture and help us to see the presence of God through his angels. Okay. So, what are saraphim? They're angels that handle the fire of God's altar, even bringing it to believers like Isaiah for purging and for forgiveness, for the sending of sins away. Hallelujah. Iniquity is taken away by the fire of God brought by the angel. Hallelujah. Glory. Sins are cleansed. You are you are given oneness with God. You receive the atonement where you're one with God THROUGH THE FIRE BROUGHT BY A SARAPHIM. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. That's what Isaiah experienced. The seraraphim brings the fire to the believer or brings the presence of God or brings the Holy Ghost to the believer. Hallelujah. Amen. Ain't that beautiful, church? Isn't that beautiful? My Okay, I'm almost down here to the close. So, we see Saraphim take this position. Hallelujah. And it's a pretty important position. How many believe that's important by God's grace? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, now let's um since I got time, I got about five minutes. That was all the notes I had really on there. But you know what? Since because of this, let's go to one more type of angel. I'll just have to change the title. Ceiling angels. Now, this may be the same thing. A saraphim may be the same as a ceiling angel. Now that I'm getting deeper into this here. Okay. Uh Ezekiel uh 9. Ezekiel 9 1-4. This seems to have a nice overlap here. Now, you know the scripture, church, this is what I used a few weeks ago. Remember I said you there's times you really need to cry when you pray. And I mean cry for the sins of your family and friends and even the city. Like cry, you got to cry against abortion, right? You got to cry against homosexuality, right? You got to cry against transgenderism, all the abominations, even lying, right? stealing, whatever it may be. Bible said a a prideful look is abomination to the Lord. Pride, any sin that bothers you, pray about it and cry because it's so awful. And church, then God could seal you during that prayer because again, is he the same yesterday, today, and forever, church? &gt;&gt; Yes, we know it. Thank God, church. Thank God he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. He never changes. Think about that, Chris. We You were praying for the Holy Ghost. Keep praying for it, brother. But you could receive the Holy Ghost while praying for the sins of your family and saying, "God, forgive them. God, wash them. God, draw them to you." Brother, you could receive the Holy Ghost doing that. So, because it's right here. Hallelujah. Ephesians, I'm sorry, Ezekiel 9:1. He cried also in mine ears with a loud voice, saying, "Cause them that have charged over the city to draw near, every man with his destroying weapon in his hand." So, here, this is also called destroying angels. So, actually, we are hitting two here in a row. And behold, six men came from the way of the higher gate, which lith toward the north, and every man a slaughtering weapon in his hand. And one man among them was clothed with a linen, with a writer's ink horn by his side. So he's clothed in linen, white linen, right? Clothes in white, and he's got a ink horn by his side. So he's got something to hold ink and a pen. And they went in and stood beside the brazen altar. So the brazen altar was where the animal was sacrificed. The blood was shed. It was the outer court. So they stand by the outer court. These angels, you got destroying angels and you got one angel in particular that's white and it's got a ink horn with a pen. Verse three. And the glory of the God of Israel was gone up from the cherub upon where he was to the threshold of the house. And he called to the man clothed with linen which had the writer's inorn by his side. Interesting. Gone up from the cherub. Oh, okay. Okay. That's speaking of the uh that's speaking of the holiest of holies, the ark of the covenant. So the glory of God had gone up, right? Yep. Yeah. Because this is even in this ch even in this book, God tells Ezekiel, don't pray for Israel anymore because they got so far they, you know, uh the exile was taking place, the captivity was taking place. So the glory of God had left, right? And we saw that with the Daniel video. Remember the Daniel movie? Yeah. Yeah. You were there, sisters there. That was a great Daniel because remember they're wondering like how is God in Babylon? Because he left Israel, right? Because of their their sins. So that's where they got it right here. At least one of them. Verse four. And the Lord said unto him, "Go through the midst of the city, through the midst of Jerusalem, and set a mark upon the foreheads of the men that sigh and that cry for all the abominations that be done in the midst thereof." And to the others he said in my hearing, "Go ye after him through the city and smite. Let not your eyes spare. Neither have ye pity. slay utterly old and young, both maids and little children and women, but come not near any man upon whom is the mark, and begin at my sanctuary. Then they begin at the ancient men which were before the house. My look at this story. Look at this church. This is an angel invasion into Jerusalem. Hallelujah. Praise God. This is an angel invasion. And where do they start, brother Chris? They start at God's house. They're going to slay anyone who's not a real believer, right? &gt;&gt; Judgment time had come. Hallelujah. But God's going to start at the house of God. And who's he going to mark with the Holy Ghost? All those who siding cried against all the abominations. Oh church, let's not get used to this world. Let's not make compromises with with this world. Let's hate the sin of this world. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because that's who God's going to seal. God's going to seal the people that hate the abominations done in this world. &gt;&gt; And he's STARTING IN THE CHURCH. HALLELUJAH. That's why our church needs to hate sin and love righteousness. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; THIS IS WHERE HE STARTS. HALLELUJAH. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. And he's going to mark all them on their foreheads. Those that cried. They sighed and cried. Oh God, what a wicked generation. What a wicked, awful age Leodysia is. God, I I hate seeing all the wickedness. God, save our family. Save our friends. Save what you can. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm going to I'm going to mark them with my Holy Spirit. Praise God. The Holy Spirit sealing angels will seal all those who sight and cried. The destroying angels will destroy everyone who didn't sigh and cry. &gt;&gt; Brother Chris Which change up chained up angels? Oh, Revelation 7. Oh, those are demons. Yeah, those are demons. Yeah. Yeah, because because we see what they do when they get out. They go and torment and destroy. Yep. Good question, Mark. But yeah, there are uh that's the next scripture. We're going to a different one in Revelation. So, you're thinking of Revelation. Good, buddy. Let's go now. So now let's go to Revelation 7. I'm going over now. I didn't mean to go over. I kind of lost lost track of time. Revelation 7 1 through three. So is this is this sealing angel? Is this a different kind of an angel that seals with the Holy Ghost? Or is it the saraphim who brings down the fire from God's altar? I don't know, church. But alls I know is let the fire burn me. Hallelujah. Let the fire of the Holy Ghost fall on me. We used to sing that song. Fire your fire, fire, fire fall on me with brother Brooks. Hallelujah. Amen. Revelation 7. And after these things, I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor the sea, nor on any tree. And I saw another angel ascending from the east having what's he got? The seal of the living God. Hallelujah. Just like this rider's inhorn angel. Right. He's got the ability to seal. Amen. There it is. I mean Isaiah's past. This is future. There's got to be angels that seal with the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Glory. Now, they may be seraphims or maybe they're just separate sealing angels, but we know saraphims uh brought the holy fire to Isaiah, and they had the seal of the living God. And he cried with a loud voice of the four angels to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea, saying, "Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of God in their foreheads." And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Look at this. In other words, start at the house OF GOD, JUST LIKE IN EZEKIEL. AMEN. START AT GOD'S HOUSE, SEAL THEM WITH THE HOLY GHOST, AND THEN ALL HELL WILL BREAK LOOSE. All tribulation will break loose upon the earth. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; In other words, God again shows, I WILL NOT DESTROY THE RIGHTEOUS WITH THE WICKED. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; AMEN. THE SAME GOD TOLD THAT TO ABRAHAM. WE SEE THE SAME thing here. God's going to give the righteous the Holy Ghost because they sigh and cry for the abominations. And you can get the Holy Ghost through that way. sighing and crying for the abominations on the earth. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, are these sealing angels cherubam or seraraphim? We don't know. But just as long as the angel of God comes to us to seal us, we will be satisfied and rejoice. &gt;&gt; What we need, church, is an angelic visitation. Let's stand to our feet by God's grace. You can stop the live stream.
