################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-09 - (11-9-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 23 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-09
Title:   (11-9-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 23 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVS5UltgLzI
========================================

1, 2, and 3. And we can read verse three together. So I'll read one and two and then we can read three together. Though I speak with the tongues of men and angels and have not charity, I'm become as sounding brass or a tinkling symbol. Now, anyone with children, Vang would know, and Naomi, if anybody buys them one of those music sets, they got a drum, they got symbols in there. Any parent knows what that sounds like, right? All my children have done that. Clash, clang, blang, blang, bomb, boom. and you're like, "Oh, Lord have mercy." I want you to keep in mind that's what it's like when someone uses the gift of God in their life, but it's without love. It's just like, "Oh, why did it have to happen? Why? Oh, why does this have to happen to me?" You know, I'm talking about the the the noise of symbols, but that's spiritually. Why does that have to happen in the church when a gift is used without love? How many would say love is important? Amen. &gt;&gt; Verse two. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries. Now, I preached already to you on that. This applies to us. We're one of the few generations that say we know all the mysteries of God that are called mysteries. We don't understand every single thing. We're not infinite. Only Jesus Christ is infinite. But as far as a Bible calling something a mystery, God has revealed it in this last day. The mystery of God is finished. So this tells us though our church can understand everything if we don't have love doesn't help us one bit. [snorts] Hallelujah. And all knowledge and though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains and have not charity, I am nothing. &gt;&gt; And the last verse, let's read this together. Ready? One, two, three. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profitth me nothing. May God add the blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated by God's grace. So I have some slides here in case you'll try to get to this today. I'm not not sure how far I'll get. Uh, I'm gonna have to preach a couple sermons just on this chapter. This is one of the most uh fantastic chapters. I mean, I can say that about a lot of chapters, but that's just how it is. That's how God's word is. It just it's hard to it's hard to explain how fantastic and amazing these chapters are. Pardon me. [snorts] Just want to make sure I got everything. Hallelujah. Okay. So, uh I got the wrong text. I didn't update that slide. So, pardon me. I was going to do 13 1-3. Um just again briefly, we looked at the believers standing in grace. If any need if any church needed grace, it was this church. Praise God. Brother said they were always constantly in trouble with God. Uh they were divided on who was the best preacher or no preacher, just Jesus, right? I just play the tapes or I just listen to brother Brandham or something like that. Uh I just sit home and just read my Bible. Right? The same type of idea. That's the wrong idea. Brother Brandham said, "How can you uh say you're a Christian and deny the body of Jesus Christ? How can you say you love Jesus Christ and reject the body of Jesus Christ? You can't. You can't stay at home and uh not gather to church and say you're part of the body of Christ. Hallelujah. It's so simple, right? Uh and then there was sexual immorality in the church. And then Paul explained how you have to sanctify your body and then your marriage must be sanctified. He dealt with Christian liberties like meat, wine, uh, and gave them warnings about being careful how much freedom you take as a Christian. So like I saw the or I talked to somebody recently. Now think of this church, be careful how much freedom you have. You know, I talked to a brother and it really offended him that uh somebody in their church, not our church, but somebody in this brother's church on Saturday night posts on social media, oh, I'm going to this race like to watch Cars race or something like some some race like race, some motorcycle race, some type of race. And yet the next morning they don't go to church and they're not sick or anything like that. Like that's that's taken liberty way too far. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm too tired. I was at the the race too late. You've stopped running the Christian race. You're involved in the wrong race. If racing motorcycles or bikes or cars is more important and gets you more excited than the Christian race, you're backslid or not even saved, &gt;&gt; right? You're backslided if you're not born again. I don't see how born again person could do that. Right? But you've missed the real race, the Christian race. We're supposed to lay aside anything that would hinder us, right? &gt;&gt; And run the race. So we got to be careful with our liberties that we enjoy. &gt;&gt; And then we looked at headship. It's shown by hair length. Uh and then the Lord's supper, how important that is. Brother Brandham said it's a minor. Communion is a minor, but there are curses attached. If people don't judge the body of Jesus Christ, they get weak, sickly, or die. Those are the three things. If people take communion the wrong way, they get weak, they get sick, or they die. So Paul warns them with that and then we looked at the nine spiritual gifts and now we're looking at charity by God's grace. Um now as we get ready to read 1 Corinthians 13, keep this in mind. Love the the the love of God was the solution to all these problems. &gt;&gt; These are problems we all go through maybe at times. You know we all face these problems at some point, right? Division, pride, sexual sin, uh right? angry with people, wanting to get revenge on people, right? You don't have to say amen. You can just say, "Ouch." You know, so sometimes you get you want revenge on people, right? Uh drunkenness or finan money, right? Money or lust of the flesh, we'd say, drunkenness, cigarettes, pot, whatever it might be. And then uh just out of control like uh spiritual gifts like fanaticism. Well, I had this dream and I had this I had this revelation or something like that and we go overboard on it, &gt;&gt; right? Or this brother my he just preached this and I I've had people tell me that they text me like, "Oh, this preacher and there's a certain preacher that's getting real popular right now from South Africa." And I've had these people say, "My this preacher and and so on fire and all they do, they just binge watch all these preacher sermons and I just watch one or I just listen to one and I and I detect like eight or nine lies coming in there like you're greater like Jesus in you is greater than when Jesus was born of a virgin." Remember I went through those a couple weeks ago. just insane things and right it's just this you know they they enjoy somebody's gift or he's very charismatic or my he can preach the house down or he can just he can put his words together never spits you know he can he never he never stutters boy he can just lay everything out and people get overzealous on a gift but they fail to spit out the seeds that are coming in that cherry pie right so they're swallowing down cherry p cherry seeds right choking on the word of God. And we'll see later that they lacked generosity of any church that should have been generous. It should have been this church because they were a wealthy church. Remember, they even had rich people because that's where they were suing people. They were drunken at the Lord's table. The rich people wouldn't let the poor people eat with them before communion. Now, we don't experience anything like that, but we we uh let's say like this. Let's say the richest people in the church had a feast and they didn't invite the poor people in this church. You know, that would be the equivalent to something like that. Well, we're only inviting the people who give the most tithes. We're not going to invite the people who give little tithes, right? But the people giving little ties might be giving more offerings on the percentage of their income than the rich people given more tithes. Like the widow with the two mites, &gt;&gt; she gave more in percentage than the Pharisees and their thousands of extra dollars that they may have had or we'd say millions, whatever, whatever number you want to give. &gt;&gt; Okay? Now, I didn't that's that's just my notes. I'll get to that. Uh I actually finished that now. Oh, yeah. Uh Scoffield calls this I just want you to see the I don't want you to forget as I preach this. Forget the overall theme of this chapter. love uh love can only or love is the only way that gifts even matter in a church, &gt;&gt; right? So, you know, and we got to be careful. I got to be careful too, but we I preach the importance of gifts and yes, we need them and uh we should pray for them more. The Bible said covet them earnestly, you know, and we should emphasize the gifts, but if we don't have the giver, then it doesn't make any it doesn't help us at all if I preach on the gifts &gt;&gt; because remember just like a tinkling child. And I'm sure Malachi, Lydia, Caseia, were all guilty of that. I'm sure I was guilty of that growing up, right? Symbols or drums, whatever, whatever noise making. I guess in our day, brother Bang was probably metal pots, right? Pots in the kitchen. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Just all this noise. So any gift of God, if there's not love there, it's just this annoyance. It doesn't mean anything. It's not helpful to me. So it must be remembered that as much as we love the nine gifts, we need them and everybody has one &gt;&gt; and you should be consecrated for your gift. &gt;&gt; As much as that's true, without love, then it doesn't matter if we're consecrated to a gift &gt;&gt; because then we're just consecrated to God doing something in us rather than God giving us a pure heart. So, we read our text and um you can speak with tongues of men or angels. So, there's two kinds of tongues. Now, I believe when when the rapture happens, brother Jose, we'll know the language of angels. I believe that because we got to hear the voice of the archangel and we got to hear the trump of God. So, I believe when we're raptured, we'll get a new body. We'll instantly understand the angel's language &gt;&gt; and it's not English. Hallelujah. Like the world wants you to know English or Mandarin, you know, all these billions of people that know all the languages or Spanish or something like that. It ain't going to be a human language. It's going to be a heavenly language. Hallelujah. But if you don't have love, you can speak in tongues all day. You can talk angel language and it doesn't mean anything. You can prophesy and foretell who's going to win the next election. You got a 50% chance. Uh you can understand all the mysteries like I believe we do. I believe with all my heart we understand all the Bible mysteries, the 12 New Testament mysteries and we can have all the knowledge. We can understand all things. Now I don't believe we have that. And though I have all faith that I could remove mountains and have not charity, I'm nothing. So we could speak to that storm. We could speak to that situation and it could move and it could it could happen and and uh the house of hell could give way to the name of Jesus Christ and some miracle could happen. But without God's love, the Bible said we are nothing. That's why we never lift people up too much if a miracle happens because I want to watch them afterwards. Brother Chris, how do they love God? &gt;&gt; How do they treat pe? How do they treat their enemies? That's what I want to watch. Like brother Brandham said, they somebody says, "Oh, the wind of the Holy Ghost struck me and I'm born again." Okay, now I want to see how do you act once that wind leaves. Now I want to see what you're made of. I want to see how you act when the first time somebody comes against you and rebukes you to your face or calls you a name, calls you a devil. Now I want to see how you act. Now there are some acceptable reactions to that. Right? Paul and Jesus rebuke demon spirits. Right? So there are certain you could have a angry reaction. You could rebuke that spirit or you could have a forgiving spirit like like they called Jesus be elabub and what did he say? Uh Jesus said I'll forgive you for that. He said, "But when the Holy Ghost comes, he won't forgive you of that." Right. Right. That's what Jesus said. So, you might have a merciful reaction or you might have a judgmental reaction, but then let's watch and see how you live. Let's see that by God's grace, you bring all sin in your life under subjection &gt;&gt; to the word of God. And I'm sorry, I'm just wearing this bracelet. A six-year-old boy gave me this bracelet. It says Jesus is King on it. And I forgot to take it off. It's got crosses on the back. I'm not trying to present any new uh church fashion trends, okay? I just forgot to take it off. That little sweet boy talks about Jesus with me. Hallelujah. Amen. And look, you can give all your money away. Like you can listen, you can be opposite of the rich young ruler and still not have love. The rich young ruler is like, "No, I'm not going to give it away. I'm going to build bigger barns." You can be opposite of that. I'm not going to build up barns. I'm not going I'm going to empty out my saving account. give it all away and still not have the love of God. Paul said you can give your body to be burned. Well, I'll die on the sake for Jesus, but without love, it doesn't profit you anything. So, it's this is brother Ram said, "This is a deep chapter, right? This is a deep book." Hallelujah. So, it doesn't profit a person anything to give their body away, to give their money away unless they have the love of God. That's why church, we want to make sure when we give away, when we give money away or give food away or do anything for God, even give our tithes and offerings, when we do that, we want to make sure we do it with the love of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Or if I pray for somebody and I rebuke an evil spirit or I rebuke a a demonic uh spirit of disease or when I do that, I want to make sure I do it with the love of God that I'm not doing this so something will be done to glorify me, but I want to see God's children set free. Amen. &gt;&gt; In other words, I want everything I do to be detached from bringing me glory. &gt;&gt; I just want this for the glory of Jesus Christ. Now, church, you know, you know how you'll have that idea because you're already doing things in private and secret. You're already praying in secret. And the church said, &gt;&gt; you're already fasting in secret. You're not bragging about your fasting or praying or you're giving of alms. If you're living a life in secret, then I believe God will give you that peace that when God wants to use your gifts, then it'll already be built into your life. You'll already be a surrendered person. You'll be a selfless person, a sacrificial person because you're doing things in secret. You want the heavenly father to see what you're doing. Now, that's a lot of words and maybe if I didn't explain it right, then God forgive me. May the Holy Ghost help you to understand what I meant. I said a lot in there. Maybe I didn't bring it out the right way. Now remember, uh this is a good place to put in that quote. Brother Bam said, "I'd rather have the right spirit than the right doctrine." This is a good place for this to go into. But like I said on Wednesday, I want the right spirit and I want the right doctrine. Because if you got your Bible, go quickly to a second John, I think it's 89 and 10. Again, just this is the verse. I shared this with Cam's wife. Cam's wife was writing a book and I thought that was really sweet, sister Julia. So maybe we'll hear about that next month. But remember, uh, second John, you know, I was, sister Julia was mentioned something and I said, you know, I said, don't forget this verse, sister. Uh, doctrine is so important. Now, message churches try to throw that out. That's because they don't want to study or they don't have the gift to teach. And maybe they're jealous of teachers who can rightly divide the word of God. I don't know. But look at verse uh 2 John 9:10-11. Whosoever transgress and abideth not in the doctrine of Christ hath not God. &gt;&gt; You don't have God unless you've got the right teaching. &gt;&gt; I'm going to say that again. You don't have God unless you teach the right things. &gt;&gt; Is doctrine important, church? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; He that abideth not in the doctrine of Christ. So that those that disobey the teaching of Christ, he hath I'm sorry, he [snorts] that abideth in I'm sorry, he that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the father and the son. So you've got the invisible spirit and the high priest of heaven on your side. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. If there come un any of you and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house. You got to be careful with those Mormons coming to your door. of those Jehovah's Witnesses. Neither bid him God's speed. Now, one time I let the Mormons in my house in Ka Falls and I brought it down to this. I said, I said, "You told me just to pray and see if God will tell me Joseph Smith is a prophet." But I said, "I follow a prophet." And he pointed me back to the word of God. I don't have to I don't have to just look for a prayer to be answered. I can point to the Bible and I know Brother Brandon was a prophet. And I said, "Your prophet said you only get the Holy Ghost after you're baptized in water." That's what Joseph Smith said. I said, "But my Bible says, uh, Cornelius got the Holy Ghost before he was baptized in water." &gt;&gt; I said, "Go ask your, uh, Mormon leader, which is right, Joseph Smith or the Bible, and if you love me, you'll come back and tell me the truth." And they never came back. So, they don't love me, which means they don't have the love of God. But I love them enough to tell them the truth. truth. I had those two elders sitting at my table. I was older than both of them. Now, I was an elder at the time because I was a pastor, but I was older than these two boys telling me they're elders. I said, "If you love me, you go tell me the answer because your do your pro your false prophet," I didn't say that, but your prophet Joseph Smith goes against my prophet's Bible. So, don't let these people in your house unless you're ready to fight. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And I mean with the love of God. &gt;&gt; Just say no thanks. I already know where I stand. already know God sent a true prophet. So don't let him into your house because yeah verse 10. If there come any of you and bring not this doctrine receive him not TO YOUR HOUSE. DON'T LET that person in your house neither bid him God's speed. Right? For he that abide I'm sorry. For he that bidth him God's speed is a partaker of his evil deeds. Hallelujah. Now if these people are doing evil, you don't wish them God's speed. Now I might have told those brothers, God bless you. I don't remember. That was like 15 or 20 years ago. I don't remember. But you just got to be led of the Lord because remember, listen, I've got the with this question. You've got both sides. Jesus said, "Bless those who persecute you. Bless those who hate you. Bless your enemies." &gt;&gt; So, you've got that and you've got this. Well, don't bless them if they come to your house and they're trying to bring evil deeds in there. So, I've got both ones. How do I know which one to do? God will lead you. God will let you know which one to do. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. So, brother Ram says, "No." So, so see church, you know, people can understand all the mysteries, all the knowledge, have all faith, but if they don't have love, they don't have nothing. Brother, brother talked about this in ' 61 with Catholics and Protestants. He said it is just like the Catholic, as I've often said, if he's a Catholic and depending on Christ for salvation, he's saved. Now church this is a quite a statement because Catholics have to go to confession and confess their sins to a priest. Catholics have to take prayer beads brother Chris and they got to touch each bead and say a certain thing. Hail Mary full of mother full of c they got to pray with beads to Mary and yet they can still be saved. Apparently they can brother Chris. Yep. I preached on Wednesday night. Yep. Yep. That's right. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. The pope said, "Well, now we don't have to call her co- mediatrix anymore." Which was absolute heresy and blasphemy. To say that Mary had a part in redemption. Either Jesus did it all or Jesus did nothing. &gt;&gt; But Jesus PAID IT ALL. ALL to him I owe. Amen. &gt;&gt; Sin and left a crimson stain. But Jesus washed us white as snow. AMEN. MARY HAD NO PART IN THAT. HALLELUJAH. It &gt;&gt; only took him 500 years to figure that out. Brother Malachi. 500 years. They finally figured that out. What's the pope trying to do? He's trying to get Protestants to join their movement. &gt;&gt; He's trying to bring in the mark of the beast. Right. &gt;&gt; Now, that's quite a statement, brother said. In church, it is for me because I know Catholics, too. And they do the holy water. Brother Vang, you ever seen that? They got to sprinkle. They have a priest sprinkle holy water on them when they walk in. I've seen it. They got that little fountain right there in the vestibule. They take the holy water. Well, now I'm holy. Now I'm holy. I got water on me. and they just watched eight hours of football or they just watched a filthy movie last night full of sex scenes and all this blasphemy and now you're holy because you got water on you. No, you're not. You need the water of the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. You need the water of repentance. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Well, just sprinkle holy water. Now you're holy. Holy. You're not. But yeah, brother says if you're trusting in Jesus as a Catholic, you're saved. I believe that's true. You can be. But listen church, you'll only But it's as if a Catholic that does that they're only they're only past the Red Sea. They're still in the wilderness and they've got a long journey to the promised land. Is that right, church? They've only passed through the Red Sea where all their sins are forgiven and they haven't made it two steps, brother Chris, past the Red Sea. That's as far as they made it. Is that is that clear? &gt;&gt; Because that's hard to believe. And I tell these people too, not many people will be saved in the Catholic Church. I told that to brother Brennan. I said, "Few will be saved in the Lutheran church. Very few will be saved in the Baptist or the Methodist or the Presbyterian." Very few. But as long as they're trusting in the blood, they're saved. &gt;&gt; But they if but if that's all they got, then their their mind is also filled with all these uh false doctrines and complexes and and fear perhaps or pride and all these things. But yet they can they still be saved? Yes, they can still be saved. If he's depending on the church, he's what, church? Lost. If you're depending on this church, you are lost. If you're depending on Brother Ram for salvation, you are lost. &gt;&gt; We're trusting in the blood of Jesus Christ for our salvation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Any of you Pentecostal brothers know if we're looking to the Pentecostal church to save us, we're among men most miserable. Amen. If you're trusting in this church to save you, you're a miserable person today. No wonder you didn't want to come to church. Amen. You're miserable. YOU'RE TRUSTING IN THE WRONG THING. BUT IF YOU'RE TRUSTING IN JESUS CHRIST, HAPPY ARE YOU. &gt;&gt; AMEN. Then you love to COME TO CHURCH. YOU LOVE TO PRAISE GOD. You love to hear the word of God because you're trusting in someone greater than you. You're trusting IN A RELIABLE WITNESS, AN AUTHORITATIVE SOURCE, the word of God, Jesus Christ. That's right. We're lost if we're trusting in the Pentecostal or the message church. But if we're looking in Jesus Christ and we're saved but by faith in what a finished work. Somebody said uh uh brother Brandham I don't want to take sides on the brethren and but I as long as you fuss you're both wrong. So when people have different opinions if you're fussing and arguing and hateful about it brother Brandham says you're both wrong. But see church I've learned this. I can disagree totally with somebody and still love them and I don't hold bitterness in my heart to them. I just see them like we heard this many years ago. Bang might remember how would any of you get mad if you're walking the street and a blind man he's got a cane and he steps on your foot. How many would get mad at the blind man say CAN'T YOU SEE WHERE YOU'RE GOING? YEAH. YEAH. These days. But a real purehearted person would a real purehearted person get mad. Can't you see? you can't see, right? And that's how it is when I talk to denominational people. I realize they can't see what we can see. Thank God we can see the truth. Praise God. And if they step on my toes, brother, brother Austin, then it's just a little bruise. It'll heal. They didn't chop off my toes. They didn't chop off my foot. They just stepped on my toes. So I realized, well, they're just blind. I can forgive them. Like yesterday, a brother come up and boy, we had a good talk. The girls watching me. We were debating back and forth and it was really good at the park. It was ordained of God because that man and his wife are from Romania. How did they get to Wadssworth, Ohio last night and he's like, "I've never met a" He said, "I've always wanted to meet Christians like you that really love God and let's stay in touch and all these things." We were talking about the book of life and the Holy Ghost, the four grounds and it was a three works of grace and and the three parts of a man. It was just an exciting exchange. And the whole time he might be disagreeing with me, I'm just like, I love this guy. I said, I'm going to keep giving him the word test. I love him. Even if he calls me wrong, that's fine. I love this guy. He might be a trinitarian. I love you anyway. You can't hurt my feelings. You can't hurt me because the the Bible says you can't hurt the oil and the wine. There it is. Amen. Remember the third seal. JESUS SAID, "TOUCH NOT, HURT [screaming] NOT THE OIL AND THE WINE." PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; THEY can't hurt my revelation, BROTHER PATRICK. THEY CAN'T TAKE IT AWAY FROM ME BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T GIVE IT TO ME. PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; If God gave me the revelation, NO MAN CAN TAKE IT FROM ME. PRAISE GOD. THE GATES OF HELL CANNOT PREVAIL AGAINST THIS REVELATION. &gt;&gt; So I love it when people disagree with me. I love it. Let's keep talking. Hallelujah. As long But see, as long as we fuss and argue, well, I'm going to show this guy. I really want to show this guy he's nothing. I want to make his head swim. Then I'm fussing with him. And then I'm wrong because I'd rather be wrong in my doctrine and right in my heart than to be right in my doctrine and wrong in my heart. After all, it's your heart's condition. I agree with that. But we should have the right doctrine and we should have the right spirit. Brother Ram's emphasizing, don't fuss with people. Don't get upset. Yes, debate them with love, right? Talk with them. Yes, tell them the truth. Disagree with them with Christianity with with love and patience, but don't get fussing with them. Don't start hating them. Don't get a root of bitterness. And I made that practice to know this that if a man, no matter what he does or how much he differs and what he says about me, if in my heart, not from just a duty, but from my heart, I can't love that man as much as I love anyone else, then I know there's something wrong in here. Hallelujah. What a statement. See, church, you've got to be able to love your enemy just like you love anybody else in your family. I can still love them. In other words, I wish the best for you, Claude. Even if brother Austin, if we disagree on something, I still wish the best for you. Even my own children. If Haven and I don't see eye to eye, I still wish the best for Haven. Right? And we've seen that over the years in the message. We find people disagree. That's okay. I still love them anyway. I want my heart to be pure. Now, if they're preaching some false doctrine, yes, I'm not going to bring you back to the church. Yes, I'm not going to have you come back if you're a false teacher or something like that. But I still love you. I want the best for you, which is really repentance. And here, what is it? She was Now, here I want to bring this out. See how important doctrine is, brother. I talk about the Roman Catholic Church. She was a mother of harlots. Now, what made her a harlot? What made her a Her what? Her doctrine? See, I want the right doctrine because I don't want to be a to Christ. What made them a harlot? She He says it again, her doctrine. He says it twice. What makes this woman so filthy? Her false doctrine. Okay, so I I know we I know we understand, but I just want you to see it again that we need to balance that that quote out about the right doctrine and the right spirit. And brother Jose and I rejoice in this last year. Remember brother Jose Balam was anointed with the same spirit was upon Moses. What was the difference? The teaching of Moses was perfect. Jesus hated the teaching of Balum because he taught them to commit sexual sin. See, anyone that allows you to commit sexual sin, anyone that allows you to keep going on in sin, that teaching is from hell. We are to purify our hearts. The Bible said anyone that has the hope of Jesus return will purify themselves. &gt;&gt; How many would say, "Lord, purify me today." &gt;&gt; That's the right spirit. And remember, even God himself, this was one of Moses's songs in Deuteronomy. This is so Moses is singing, "Give ear, oh ye heavens, and I will speak." Now, you know, I'm not much of a sinner or a singer. I don't want to be much of a sinner either. And here, O earth, the words of my mouth. So Moses is singing this song. This song goes, "My doctrine shall drop as the rain. My speech shall disill." So God Moses is singing this song. HE'S SINGING ABOUT DOCTRINE. AMEN. &gt;&gt; He's singing about the teaching of Jesus. Jesus teaches me to go in all the right ways. Amen. &gt;&gt; Jesus teaches me TO DO WHAT'S RIGHT. AND I'M GOING TO SING ABOUT THAT. It's like rain that we got today. Now, I don't know how many you enjoyed getting wet today. I don't know. A couple. Okay, three hands. I kind of liked it. Kind of kind of felt refreshing. But that's what God God compares that rain out there to teaching you about water baptism and the Godhead. Amen. And mystery Babylon. and the baptism of the HOLY GHOST. THAT'S WHAT IT FEELS LIKE. I'm getting wet. I'm getting refreshed. I'm getting rained on. I'm changing. I'm becoming refreshed in the presence of God. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory. Remember this is this is God's own. This is God's own. Thus sayith the Lord. This is God saying, "Thus sayaith God about doctrine. My my teaching drops as the former and latter reign." Now remember brother Ram says about the love of God six times. If you go back, I really would encourage you if you haven't done it, go listen to uh the book of Corinthians correction or Corinthians book of correction 1957. It's a Sunday school brother teaches the congregation before a preacher comes to preach. And notice he didn't say, "Well, I'm going to teach Sunday school and then we're going to sit down and just play a tape." He said, "No, we're going to I'm going to preach or I'm going to teach and then we're going to hear the preacher." Hallelujah. I'm just going to lay that in there. But I've I've told this too. If I get sick on a Sunday morning and we got no other preachers, I'm gonna tell Malachi, play a tape or put a live stream up there. I guess we could do that, too, with the technology we got. We could put a live stream service up there. Now, hopefully I don't get sick this year. I'm not speaking any sickness into existence. Okay, I'm not going to fear that. But if there's no other option and I get sick at the last minute and all the preachers are busy, then I'd say Malachi, play a tape orientation, play a tape, put a put a tape on the put your phone back there, plug it in or whatever you got to do, play a tape. There's nobody else. That's the last that's the last uh measure we go to. But for 2,000 years, every Christian church has had living men preaching the living word of God. &gt;&gt; That's God's unchanging pattern. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes. They read Paul's epistles, but what happened after that? Did they read it every service? No. They get the pastor, keep preaching the word. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Go back and preach. Now study that. Now preach the word of God. Tie these scriptures together. Bring it together. Teach the people. God's teaching rain's going to fall on them. Praise God. &gt;&gt; So in Corinthians church here, now here's here here's a good question Rod asked me on Wednesday and I I forgot this. Brother Bam said, "All these things will fail." Speaking of tongues, prophecy, like it says in 1 Corinthians 13. See, every one of them, they're just not to be trusted too much. Now, isn't that something, Brother Jose? Listen. all the tongues, interpretations, dreams, visions, miracles, speaking to mountains, all these spiritual situations. He said, "Don't trust in them too much because they're all going to pass away. They're all going to be fulfilled." &gt;&gt; And Rod asked me this. Now, think about this, church. This is a great question. And I wonder what you had said. I didn't ask. Rod said, "You don't have to answer me, but look, look what Rod said. On Wednesday, I preached on we don't add to the word of God, right? We don't add one word. We don't take one word away. But brother Rod said, "Brother Jesse, I actually have this question. What about all the thus sayith the lords from brother Brandham or any other preacher since the Bible was finished in 100 AD?" He said, "Do you put all those thus sayith the Lords on the same level as the Bible?" And I think I got my answer here. No, I think I trust in them a little bit, right? &gt;&gt; And they're still thus say the Lord. But the Bible says you don't add to it or take one word away from it. &gt;&gt; Now, does everybody see that? Because if if I if I do that, if I make all those thus say the Lord's equal to the Bible, I've just added to the Bible. &gt;&gt; I hope that doesn't stumble anybody. &gt;&gt; Right? And because that's what brother Brandham said. That's what brother said. See all these things, they're not to be trusted too much, but this can be trusted. Uh, this should be trusted so much. Hallelujah. Trust this so much. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Trust it with all you have. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God. But what he's trying to have the church was that anchor where we have an anchor in Christ where we don't trust upon sensations. We don't trust upon revelations. We don't trust on these things only we trust Christ. &gt;&gt; Now I'm gonna for time's sake he was saying how he couldn't teach the Corinthians the deep things like predestination and adoption. He said and the Holy Spirit can wind these great truths and anchor it in the people's hearts so they know where they're standing. Sensation or no sensation, prophecy or no prophecy, whatever it might be. Now let me just lay this in here. In other words, if your whole family came against you and hated you and let's say kicked you out of the house, would you still stand for Jesus Christ? &gt;&gt; That's how you know you're trusting in the anchor of God's love. &gt;&gt; Or if they said, "Well, you've got to believe. You got to leave the message or you think about that with our family thanksgiving. What if our family that's not in the message would say, "If you don't renounce the message in the Lord Jesus Christ baptism, then you're not welcome at our thanksgiving. What would you do? I'd hope you'd stand with the Lord Jesus Christ water baptism. &gt;&gt; That would show whether you've really got the love and the anchor in your heart. Thank God most people won't do that. Hallelujah. But see, that would be because no matter what sensation or no matter what relationship, no matter what experience you had, when it all boils down to it, it's the it's your love for Jesus Christ that will anchor you with the truth because God is truth. The word is truth and Jesus is the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, that's what Paul's trying to get this church to see. Your anchor, what holds you in the time of storm is the is the word of God. It's the truth of God. That's what's going to keep you in your difficult times of testing. &gt;&gt; I'm standing with Jesus. I'm standing with the revelation. Hallelujah. Paul said, "You could have every one of those tongues and gifts and everything." Paul said, "And be lost. I'm nothing." But see, when you've got love, that's the anchor. So, some of you might speak in tongues. That's great. But make sure you got love. As I've said before, some of us might have wisdom or discernment. That's great, but let's make sure we have love. I want to make sure I've got the love of God in my heart. All right. After Brother Ram's first wife and Sharon Rose died, Mr. Eisler asked him, "Billy, what does Christ mean to you now? My father was gone. My brother, my wife, what does he mean to you now?" He said, "He means more than life to me." Wow. I just lost my wife. I just lost a baby. I lost my dad, my brother. All these people are dying. What? What? Where's Jesus? All in the midst of this. He said, "HE'S CLOSER TO ME THAN EVER." HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; WHEN I'VE NEEDED HIM, CHRIST IS THERE FOR ME. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; SEE, when this hap when death happens OR TRAGEDY STRIKES, THAT'S THE TIME TO SEE CHRIST IS HERE. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; And that makes you love him more because in the midst of all the storm, you've got an anchor that ANCHORS YOU ON GOD LOVES ME. HE SENT HIS SON JESUS to save me AND I'LL LIVE WITH HIM ETERNALLY. &gt;&gt; AMEN. [laughter] &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. Now my prayer is God, help me to have this kind of faith when I go through tough times. Help me to have this kind of faith that no matter the trials in my life, I love Christ more than ever before. Brother Ram said, I love this. It wasn't because I was religious. Hallelujah. It's more than just myself. Hallelujah. It's something that God through the grace of God did for me. If I was in hell and there was still such a thing as love in hell, I'd still love him. Praise God. That's I love that quote. Don't you, brother Jose? [laughter] If there's such a thing as LOVE IN HELL, THEN I'D STILL LOVE him if he sent me to hell. Praise God. That's all. Because something in here. That's right. I deserve every punishment I ever got. &gt;&gt; You do the same. Amen. &gt;&gt; But it's that anchor that something that anchor of love of God that holds in the human heart other things become secondarily. So what IS THE FIRST PRIMARY THING IN YOUR LIFE? THE love of God, God's love for you and your love for God. Because that's the greatest commandment. The greatest commandment is love the Lord your God with all your heart, soul, mind, and strength and love thy neighbor as thyself. That's your primary thing. Yes, we've all I got to go to work. I got to take care of my family. I got nine kids. I got to do all that. But the primary thing of all above ALL THAT IS, DO I love Jesus Christ with all my heart? And let me make sure I've got that in my heart first before I start anything else throughout the day. Hallelujah. That's the primary. Loving God's not a secondary. Loving God is the primary thing in your life. If something's keeping you from loving God, get rid of it. It's become an idol, church. Keep yourselves from idols. Hallelujah. Ram said, "Your love for God's got to be more than intellectuals, emotional workup." He talks about a new birth. He said, "Christ, oh, I love this. Look, look at this church. You don't have to wonder, will I make it?" Anybody come here to church wondering, Lord, am I going to make the rapture? Am I going to make heaven? Brother Ram says, if you have the love of God, you don't wonder that. [laughter] HALLELUJAH. YOU DON'T HAVE to wonder, will I make it? Oh, no. It isn't whether I'll make it. It's already made for me. &gt;&gt; Jesus already made the way for me. Christ in me has made it himself. And I just trust his anchor alone. What a wonderful thing that I can trust Jesus Christ as my anchor. Will I make it? Well, I don't know. The question is, did Jesus make it? Yes. Well, then I'll make it because I'm in Christ. CHRIST IS IN ME. LET'S SAY IT. LET'S SAY IT TOGETHER. LET'S LET'S say Christ is in me. Ready? Christ is in me. If If you've got Christ in you, YOU'VE ALREADY MADE IT. You're going to make it by God's grace. &gt;&gt; Don't wonder because Christ is already in you. Hallelujah. Brother man, I'm praying for the revival at the end of this Sunday school. Now I pray that you'll give us the real Holy Spirit in our hearts and it may anchor there for eternity. Make us to So brother says, "Let the Holy Spirit make us examine ourselves, us that are married." So all of us that are married by the way we treat our wives. Now if you're not married, look at how you treat your brothers and sisters. That will tell you if you have the real love of God. Hallelujah. But if you're married, look how you treat your husband or your wife. that will tell you if you got the love of God. That's what brother Bam says. How true are we and how true is our wives to us? And may we just get in our hearts that this morning that we'd think if something like that happened in our home and then may we turn our affections toward God and say, "Oh God, be merciful to me." Amen. Now, you might remember I preached this in part four of this series on Corinthians. I preached I just jumped ahead to the love of God and I preached chapter 13. Does anybody remember that? Raise your hand. Does anybody remember? Okay. One, two, two. Okay. Two. Yeah. I didn't even remember. I had to go look it up myself. The fourth sermon. Now, we're on part 23 already. And remember, I took a six-month break from this series because I just felt led to preach on other things. It was just so striking to me. Uh, but remember, uh, agape love has at least 16 attributes. Now, so there's the word agape in the Greek, and I'm not trying to get deep on you. I just want you to see agape love is the purest form of love in the Bible. It's God's love. Agape, it means goodwill. So God, now think about it, church. God has good towards you. But if he has good will towards us, he also has to correct us. Right? Now, I got this off of Chat GDP and then I confirmed it. But there's at least five words that mean love. Four, I'm sorry, four in the New Testament. And aeros is not in the Bible, but there's a Hebrew equivalent to it in Song of Solomon where Solomon says, "My beloved is mine and I am his." I'm sorry. That's where the Schulomite says that. So there's a Hebrew equivalent to aeros. Aeros love is like sexual love. Okay? Or married love we would say. But agape, I looked these other ones up. These are accurate. And then I added Philadelphia. Philadelphia means brotherly love. It's the love of brothers and sisters. So Malachi and Lydia and Aacia and Haven and all I could name all my children. Their love for each other is Philadelphia. But their spiritual love for like that for Austin and I, Jose and I, right? Brother Vang and I, Christ and I. We've got that brotherly love. Hallelujah. That's Philadelphia love. It's as if we're brothers and sisters because we love each other so much. Hallelujah. That's brotherly love. Amen. Uh but agape of course is God's perfect love for God. So agape the world that he gave his only begotten son. Hallelujah. So agape is God's purest divine love, total goodwill towards man. He wants the best. Remember the Bible said uh God does not God does not delight in the death of the wicked. Remember that in Ezekiel, God doesn't rejoice when when he has to take the the sinners and take them off the earth and judge them. God doesn't rejoice in that. He just does it because it's the right thing to do. And God is always just. Hallelujah. Felio love. You heard that? That's an emotional and relational love. Affection and friendship. And stoay is fam another family type of affection. It's devotion. Uh that's where Paul said, "Be kindly affection one to another with brotherly kindness in Romans 12:10." So kindness. So stories just were so kind to each other, right? Claude and Patrick have never come up and rebuked me and been unkind to me. They never said, "I didn't like your tie today, brother." Or they never uh they never after I preach, they never kicked any mulch on me out in the our parking lot or anything like that. Right? They've always been kind to me and I've been kind to them. Hallelujah. See, it's it's this family type of love. But the but here in chapter 13, it's agape love. So without agape, all the gifts are nothing. They don't mean anything. They don't help anybody. They don't help you. You know, if you're if you're praying, God, do a miracle. Well, why? It won't help you unless you've got the love of God. &gt;&gt; Praise God. So, we got to be careful. Why do we want miracles? Why do we want tongues? Why do we want prophecy? Why do we want wisdom? Why do we want knowledge? We should want those to operate. We should covet after them, but we should have a love in our heart first that Lord, this is going to bless your people. Yes, it'll bless me, but I want this gift to bless your people as well. Remember, some of you are the some of you are the some people are the some of you are the And there's a lot of us that are the feet. Feel like I'm getting walked on all the time. I'm behind the scenes. Nobody sees me. Nobody pays attention to me. Sweaty, dirty, right? That's the I'm just the humble I'm just the humble believer in the church. I'm not the one everybody sees. I'm not the ones up front everybody sees and everybody knows about. Oh, you go to brother Jesse's church. Since when was it my church? If I passed away, is there going to be no more church? No. There's still be A CHURCH. IT'S GOD'S CHURCH IN AKRAN. PRAISE GOD. That God just happened to call me to pastor. But you know, we say, "Well, that's Brother Samuel's church or that's Brother Jesse's church." But really, it's God's church. It's just a way of identifying the saints in Sheffield, the saints in Napoleon, the saints in Akran, but it's not my church. It's God's church. Now, let's review these briefly. I've only been preaching 45 minutes. Praise God. Charity suffers long and is kind, which means mild. Charity envieth not when it boils up with envy. Oh, I just got to have that car like they've got. Oh, I just got to have the house like she's got. I've just got to have that social media account like she's got. It boils up. I want to be like them. I want what they have. I just got to have a husband like that or I just got to have a wife like that. It boils up envy. Love doesn't do that. I don't I don't have to be like that other person. I've got to be like Jesus. That's what the love of God does. I know it's hard and I think it's helpful for the the high schoolers too, you know, because they see all there's all these trends in high school, right? And uh people want to have those clothes or people want to hang around those popular people. Those are the fun people. Those are the cool people. But let's see who who does God think the cool people are. What does God think about who's the popular person? I got a hint for you. Here's the most popular people in Garfield High School right over here in God's eyes. [laughter] Or Garfield Middle School. There's one in the back there. They're they're the ones that God sees. They're the ones that they they don't go with the flow of the world. They go with the flow of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. And that's who God is looking at, right? That's who God cares about and trying to uh hear their prayers and strengthen them, encourage them. Praise God. So, let's remember not to envy sinners. They don't have nothing that we don't got something that's better. Everything we've got is better than the sinners. Hallelujah. The Bible said the the wicked has no peace. So if you've got peace at night, thank God for that. Charity does not vaunt itself and is not puffed up. So see church, let's suffer long. Let's have a long spirit with people. Let's not lose heart for people. Let's keep believing. It doesn't vaunt itself up, which means boast of oneself, embellishing or bragging and making these uh exaggerations about how great you are. That's not what love does. It doesn't excessively focus on yourself. It actually points away to Jesus. Love is not puffed up. God's agape love is not puffed up. It doesn't blow you, cause you to swell up. Look how great I am. No, it doesn't do that. Doesn't make you proud. Doesn't make you see how lofty I am. Look how much better I am than everybody else. That's not what love does. Love does not behave itself unseemly, which means improper or not fitting to the Holy Spirit. It does not seek or crave its own desires. That's where the That's where the lust of the eyes and lust of the flesh come in, right? You know, you're being led away uh from the Holy Spirit. When you start craving things you shouldn't really desire, that's when you officially know love is you put love in the back seat and now you're going after some carnal love, right? Some sinful love. But see, the love of God craves what God wants. So church, what does God want in your life today? Don't think about what you want. What does God want in your life today? What is I'll say like this. What does God crave? What does God What does God craving? Oh, I hope brother so and so does this. I hope sister so and so will do this. What is God craving in your life? That's love. That's what love is trying to express in your life. What does God crave from you? Now, we're all all of us might be craving, oh, I like to crave this. For me, I like to pay off my house. I'm craving that in one way, but even that if there's a need, I got to be able to take that money that I was going to pay on the house and I've got to be able to give it to someone who actually needs it. And I've tried to do that before by God's grace. I hope you have, too. You crave, well, I could really use this in another way or this food, I could really use this or that money, I could really use that. But I'm going to do what God wants me to do instead. Love is not easily provoked or you're quickly irritated or angry right away. Brother Jess, I just said one thing and they got angry with me. That's easily provoked, right? Quickly ready, QUICKLY READY TO FIGHT. QUICKLY READY TO ARGUE. I mean, we just said good morning, brother. You know, sister, I just said good morning. You're ready to fight already. That's not the love of God. It's not easily provoked. In other words, if you're a Christian, you got the love of God in your heart. It takes a lot to get you mad. And the church said it takes a lot to get you fired up. If love is ruling your heart, if agape love is in your heart, it takes a lot for get you to get you mad at somebody. But remember, you can be mad. Just don't let the sun go down upon your anger. Just before you go to bed, Lord Jesus, forgive that person. I forgive them. refresh me tonight that I can wake up and I can feel good. Right? Just commit it to God. And church, love thinks no evil of other people. It doesn't assume the worst. Hallelujah. Love does not rejoice in iniquity, which is injustice. See, the love of God won't be like, "Oh, I can't wait till I can go smoke. I can't wait till I can go drink that down. I can't wait till I can go and watch evil things on porn or something like that. That's not what love does. Love doesn't rejoice in wickedness, right? I can't wait till I can go uh get back at that person. Like we said, you know, can't wait till I can uh just get away from God and go do something else. Love doesn't do that. Love rejoices in what's true. What is the truth on this matter? That's what I rejoice in. Recently I was I'm going to share this real quick about the truth. I was talking to a brother about uh this brother had a said a critical spirit was coming in his church and does not this church and uh I guess something had started going on where people were saying there's no love in the church. There's no love in the church. Okay. And so a a brother walked up to this other brother I was talking to and he said, "Brother, there's no love in this church." And now this was a rumor started about the church by a critical spirit. And this brother said, "Do you hear what you're saying?" He said, "Let me give you" and he said, "I know I don't normally do this." He said, "But I laid it down with all the love I've tried to show to this church." This brother said, he's made it to every service. He hasn't missed one service. He'd paid his tithes and offerings faithfully. On top of that, he'd went and helped people in the church move. And he moved them from Ohio to another state and drove 11 hours to do that. When was the last time you drove 11 hours to help somebody move? And this brother reminded them, no one else helped them. I and and I and somebody else were the only ones that helped this people that moved from our church move to a different state. He said, "I've he said, just this past week, I've done four jobs at other people's houses after I got off of work to help them with their home repairs." And he said, "You're trying to tell me there's no love in the church." He said, "That's all I see is love in the church." And the brother, he said, the brother went like this. He's like, "You're right. I'm sorry. I didn't think about that. Sure. See how See how critical spirits they b they try to bundle everybody up and make the situation look so bad. But if that person had only had the love of God, he would have been able to rejoice in the truth. The truth that just going to church and paying your tithes and singing and worshiping, going to prayer, prayer meetings, all those things, that is an expression of the love of God. But see, when rumors start, they start circling around the church. People can take such wicked thoughts like, "Oh, there's no love in the church." And then the brother said, "This brother has he misses church. He maybe comes to church three times a month." And he's talking about there's no love in the church. But brother says, "If you love God, you're so hungry to come to church, you can't wait till the church doors are open." &gt;&gt; And church, most of you don't even have to do that because I gave you a key. You don't have to wait to open the church door or I open it. You can open it. And the church said, &gt;&gt; if you love GOD SO MUCH, YOU'LL GET HERE BEFORE ME. PRAISE GOD. IF YOU REALLY want to come to church, &gt;&gt; in other words, nothing's going to stop you if you love God. I thought that was a good place. I've asked the Holy Spirit to remind that bring that to my remembrance that people can say, "There's no love. There's no love. All you got to do is open your spiritual eyes. Love is all around us if we're willing to see it." Oh, yeah. And that brother also did some work at the church and they set up uh they set up new foundations in the church because the the floor was sinking. And where was that other critical brother? He didn't even come to help out the church. And they called it a they called it a men's work night at the church. And this other guy won't even show up for he won't help people move. Won't come to the church work nights. Won't come to prayer meetings. Won't come to Bible study. He said there's no love in the church. You are blind. You're blind, my friend. Open your eyes. Anything we do for other people is an expression of God's love for them. Hallelujah. But see, love rejoices in the truth. Oh, thank God the truth is known. How now I know the truth. The truth has come out. Thank God for the truth. Now look, love bears all things. So see church, can we do that? Can we cover all up the heirs of people? Can we keep silence on them? Hallelujah. Can we conceal other people's mistakes or do you want to go run around and gossip about it? &gt;&gt; Do do we believe all things? Faith is expressed in love. Do we believe all the word of God? Do we really believe it all? That's the love of God. If we do, the love of God hopes all things and the love of God can endure all things. You know, sometimes we go through trials and we're like, when is this going to end? How many have ever thought that before? When is this going to end? But see, the love of God will help you endure that until it ends. &gt;&gt; And that even means if death is the way that ends. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's the love of God. Remember I told you that story about the preacher? He and I haven't emailed for months, but I don't know Vang if you remember me telling this story, but there's a preacher. He married a woman who had been divorced before before he came in the message. He come to the message. He's married to an adulterer. Basically, he's basically an adulterer. And he as soon as he hears the message, I'm called to preach. Church, what does he do? He waits 40 or 50 years till that woman dies. He doesn't preach, but he knows the whole time I'm called to preach. He just waits on it. Can you imagine waiting 50 years for God to use you? He said, "Finally, the w and" and he wasn't praying for his wife to die. He was praying for her salvation. Now, she was a denominational believer. She never believed the message, though, but she had faith in Christ. So, she died. She marries a woman in the message. I'm sorry. He marries a woman in the message. And now, he starts preaching. And he travels all around the world. He's seeing people saved, healed, filled with the Holy Ghost. He waited 50 years, church. What a testimony that love can bear all things. Brother Jesse, you don't know how long I've waited. Well, I know this man waited 40 or 50 years to preach. I know that. I know he waited 40 or 50 years for a wife that really believed the message. And if he can wait that long, church, we should be able to wait long. If there's something in our life we got to wait on, may God give us the love of God to bear it, to endure it, to trust God that God IS WORKING SOMETHING IN OUR LIFE FOR OUR GOOD. &gt;&gt; And if you want his email address, let me know. If you need to talk to somebody to encourage you, his emails really encouraged me and they made me cry. Amen. Because he like, "Well, I love I enjoy your videos. I enjoy your truth that you preach." And he's like, "Now I can preach that because this testimony. Can I tell you this testimony?" Amen. Praise God. Willing to wait not just one year, not just 10 years, 40 or 50 years for God to move everything in the way. And then the love of God can come into your life and you can do what God's called you to do. I love it. There's nothing like the love of God. And brother Ram said, "This whole world is longing for one thing." What is it, church? The love of God. Brother said, "The whole world wants to see somebody who loves the Lord." Hallelujah. Now remember this quote. Satan can copy any gift, any kind of manifestation, but he can't love. God is love. Satan can't love. Now, he can impersonate it, but he doesn't really love the truth. In other words, he won't obey the truth. So, Satan can't suffer long. Satan's not kind. He doesn't I'm sorry. He uh he envys, right? He vaunts himself up. He puts himself up. He behaves himself unseemingly. Satan seeks his own. He's easily provoked. And I'm talking about demons that battle us as well. Demons think evil. Think about that, church. Think about that. They sold out. Think about the demons that fell, Brother Chris. A third of the demons left heaven. Think about that. They were presented with a a sermon by Satan and they got convinced. I'll no longer worship God's holiness. I'm going to give myself fully to death, fully destruction. I'm going to sell out my soul for death and destruction rather than life and love and holiness to God Almighty. And church, they can never come back. What what was what was Satan's sermon that morning when he preached that at the at this church? To convince these holy angels to give themselves fully to steal, kill, and destroy. We know one thing. It was part of Satan's beauty. He was so beautiful. He was able to paint stealing, killing, destroying in such a beautiful light that he convinced a third of them. Church, let's not steal. Let's not kill. Let's not destroy. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let's give Let's give away, not steal. Let's not kill. Let's heal people. Praise God. Hallelujah. Let's not destroy. Let's build up. Hallelujah. Let's build up people's faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. How many want to do that today? That's what I'm trying to do. Hallelujah. Build up your faith. So, Satan does none of these things. Satan doesn't rejoice in the truth. Satan uh cannot bear all things. He does not believe all things. He does not hope. He does not endure all things and Satan fails. And church, I'll close with this because I'm at an hour. So, I think I'll just close with this thought. You know, yesterday as I was studying, I just couldn't get away from this chapter. I'm like, Paul wrote 16 things about the love of God. Where else is this in the Bible? Where else does anyone else in the Bible just when they talk about God, they lay out all these beautiful attributes? Now, notice when Paul talked about love, he didn't talk about speaking in tongues. &gt;&gt; He didn't talk about laying hands on the sick and they that they shall recover. When Paul talked about love, he didn't talk about getting oil out and anointing the sick, although that's a good thing. What'd he talk about? He talked about your actions towards others. What'd he talk about, church? She talked about your character. So, what is your character like today? Is it a loving character or is it the other side we looked at? What's your true character? True character. Sounds like I got everybody's attention. Hallelujah. That's what I want to do. Is there any other Bible passage that speaks after this? And I found one that I think is is similar. Moses church. I thought about this. And if you got your Bibles, go to uh Exodus 33 and just hold it there. We'll read a few verses. Exodus 33:18. Exodus 33:18. I hope this will be a good thought here as we end up by God's grace. Now in Exodus 33:18, Moses said, "And he said, I beseech thee, show me thy glory." Now this is one verse, but this is a powerful verse to me. Here in Moses, we see Moses getting the same experience Paul had. Think about that, church. If you were going to describe God to somebody at your work at Ripman Orchards or your school that you go to, how would you describe the love of God to them? If you're on the construction site, or you're at the high school, Garfield High School, how would you describe the love of God? And think about this. Moses, look, look at these examples. Moses talked to God out of a burning bush. He talked to God and he says, "Ah, I can't talk. I stutter." And God gives him all these reasons he shouldn't quit. He shouldn't give up and try to try to sherk his responsibility. So he sees God in a burning bush, brother Chris. He sees that. And then he sees God turn his staff into a snake. He sees God take his hand, normal, bring it out leprosy and bring it back the same. He sees God give him thus sayith the Lord for 10 plagues. HE SEES GOD PUT DARKNESS on the whole world or all of Egypt except for Shiloh. He hears directly from God. Call fleas, right? Call for frogs. Call for the death angel. All 10 plagues. Moses sees all these things. And then and then God hears Moses say, "Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord. Raise your staff." And he sees the waters move back. And he walks on dry ground. And then he sees the pillar of fire. Brother Claude, it was before them. But then he sees it. It goes behind. So he goes, "Goodness." He's seeing God all over the place. He's seeing God in his entire life and ministry, &gt;&gt; but he still asks, "God, show me your glory." What? You haven't SEEN THE GLORY OF GOD YET, MOSES? OH, my church. I hope hope this strikes somebody today like it strikes me. Amen. In other words, all the miracles in brothers ministry, all the miracles we've seen in our lives, all the great things that God has done, all the tongues, interpretation, the prophecies, the healings, whatever God has done, the wisdom, the discernment, the knowledge, the understanding, the dreams, the visions, all these great things, they still leave us with the HUNGER TO KNOW WHAT IS GOD'S GLORY. &gt;&gt; There must be MORE TO GOD. THANK GOD FOR THE GIFTS, BUT THERE MUST BE MORE TO the gifts. There's the giver of the gifts. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. And now, church, think how much maybe you or us or other people in the message, we long for supernatural wonders like this. Moses saw the hand of God, brother Chris, come down and write on two tables of stone the ten commandments. Thou shalt have no other gods before me. Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain. Thou shalt honor thy mother and father. Thou shall not steal. Thou shalt not kill. Thou shalt not bear false witness. not shall not coveret thy neighbor's wife and the neighbor's uh cattle and all this. He sees all that and then he still says, "God, show me your glory." After all that, he still wants to know, "God, what is your glory?" I would think enough I I would think you've already seen enough of God's glory, haven't you, church? He got to see the presence of God and remember his face shined and he looks he looked like Jose does right now. Everybody look at Jose right now. That's what Moses looked like. [laughter] Hallelujah. But he would have been a a younger man. He would have been 80s in those days. They were healthier than we are. You know, you still would have had the dark hair, black hair, whatever it may be. But he goes in the presence OF GOD FOR 40 DAYS and he comes back glowing and still he says, "Show me your glory, God." See church, there's an element to being a Christian. No matter how much supernatural, no matter how many wonderful things we experience, there's still a desire. I want to know God's heart. &gt;&gt; I want to know God's true character. I just don't want to see what God does. I want to talk to God and I want to know his heart. That's what Moses had. So, who knows the story? In verse 20, Exodus 33:20, and he said, "Thou cannot see my face, for there shall no man see my face and live." Verse 21, the Lord said, "Behold, there's a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon a rock. And it shall come to pass while my glory passeth by that I will put thee in a cliff of the rock." So God tells him to stand on the rock, but then I'll put you in a secret place in the rock because when I pass by, if you're not covered, you'll die because of my glory and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by. So it's like he put him in there and then he's going to walk by like this. I'm going to show you my glory. Every everybody understand after seeing all these things, all these miracles, all this mighty things, the supernatural God, he still desires to see more of God. And God said, I'll show you my glory. Verse 23, and I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my back parts, but my face shall not be seen. Church, this is quite an amazing thought here. God said at the very end, brother brother Claude, God said at the very end, I'll take away my hand and you can see the backside of me, my theophony. Amen. THE SAME ONE JOHN SAW. HALLELUJAH. The same one Ezekiel saw, THE SAME ONE DANIEL SAW, THE ANCIENT OF DAYS. PRAISE GOD. &gt;&gt; So Moses saw this before all the other prophets. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Moses got to see this and he sees the glory of God. He sees the backside of a theophony and he sees the glory of God. But that wasn't all he saw. Hallelujah. He saw the character of God. Amen. He saw the character of Jesus Christ. Go down to verse 5 of chapter 34. While you're turning there, these were all the things Moses saw. He saw the burning bush, all the miraculous signs, the 10 plagues, pardon the Red Sea, the pillar of fire. He saw God on Sinai. He saw the writ law written of God. He saw the breaking of the tables and Moses interceded for them. And then he had face-to-face communion in the Holiest of Holies. He had all these desires and he still wanted more of God. Church, if we ever get to the spot where we don't want more of God, shame on us. &gt;&gt; We are backslided. Because Moses saw all that Chris and he said, "I'll show me your glory." Like he hadn't seen the glory of God. Amen. In other words, you can never get enough of God. How many people want more of God today? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We can never get enough OF GOD. AND CHURCH, I I believe we'll spend all throughout eternity getting more of God into our lives. &gt;&gt; Because he's the inexhaustible fountain of life. He's immeasurable. He comes down and covers Moses with his hand. I'll let you see my backside. [laughter] I love it. Don't you? Amen. Let's also say this, church. The Bible says, "Ask and you shall what?" So, when was the last time we asked God, "Lord, show me your glory. Lord, show me something I've never seen before. Show me your love, God, in in my life. Show me your goodness in my life. If you're church, if you're questioning God's goodness, if you're questioning God's love, ask God. Say, God, show me your love in my life. Show it to me Aresh so I I don't get discouraged. Remember that the the Lord asked Brother Brandham, would you like to go beyond the curtain of time? What did Brother Ram say? He said, it would help me so much if I could just go beyond the curtain of time. So when you pray, saint, just say, 'Lord, it would help me so much if you could just give me a dream. How many times have I prayed that, brother Chris? I've said, God, if I could just see an angel, if I could just go beyond the curtain of time. I've prayed that before. God, if I could just see a vision of an angel, it'd help me so much. But even if God doesn't do it, I still want more of God. And church, if I look back at my life, I can see how God was so good to me time and time again. Like I told you on the day Charlie Kirk was shot. I'm driving home like what just happened? The man or woman swerves at me and just barely misses me. I could have died that same day. Now I had my seatelt on by God's grace. But that's just another example of how God is so good to us. Moses says, "Show me your glory." Look at verse five. And the Lord descended in the cloud and stood with him there and proclaimed the name of the Lord. So when you ask for God's glory, Lord, I want to see your glory. What's he going to give you? His name, his attribute, his characteristics. Verse six, and the Lord passed before him and proclaimed, now look at this, the Lord, the Lord God. Remember when Jesus said, "Verily, verily or Samuel, Samuel." It's emphasizing the Lord, the Lord God. I'm emphasizing this is my name, Jehovah, Adonai. Hallelujah. And church, here's And here's just a little picture that I This is just one I found on the internet. I thought this was really nice. So, first Moses, that's Moses. First, he would have been standing on a rock and then God places him in the cliff of the rock. Now, it doesn't fit because he can't see God. So, Moses should actually be turned around. But I just wanted us to see the immensity of God. Does everybody understand? I just want to see I want you to see how great God is. God said, "I'm going to put you in a little place and I'm going to cover you and you're going to see my glory. You're going to feel my glory. You're going to know my name. You're going to know my attributes." So, I believe Moses saw the same thing that Paul saw. saw the same thing Daniel saw. John, that's right. That's right. Paul was caught up to the third heaven. Praise God. Amen. He said, "I I've seen things I'm not allowed to utter yet." Praise God. So, let's look at verse six. What does he call him? He says, he proclaimed the name. And I love this. God said, "I'm going to proclaim my name. I'm going to give you my fame. I'm going to tell you my glory. I'm going to tell you this is my reputation. So what is God's glory? His reputation. Amen. What is God's glory? Who he is. How he treats us. Brother Chris, that is God's glory to us. Amen. His name is HIS GLORY. WHY IS GOD FAMOUS? HE'S GOING TO TELL US. Brother Austin, why is Jesus famous? [laughter] Hallelujah. Amen. He's famous because he's merciful. I'm just going to skip ahead. Why is Jesus famous? He's merciful. He's gracious. He's long-suffering. Now, that ought to sound familiar. Charity suffereth. Oh, now we see the connection. Now, we see both Paul and Moses, they knew the love of God. They knew God's character. Amen. They knew God's glory. What is God's glory? It's his attributes. It's his heart. David was a man after the heart of God. This is God's heart. This is God's character. This is how God treats his children. And this is what God tells Moses. I'm merciful. I'm famous for being gracious. I'm famous for being long-suffering. I'm famous for having abundant goodness. I'm famous because I'm the truth. I'm the way, the truth, and the life. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm famous because I keep mercy for thousands of people. &gt;&gt; That's what he That's what he shouts, brother Chris, to Moses when he passed by. That's why I'm famous. I'm famous because I forgive the iniquities. And I'm going to forgive the iniquities of many more. I'm going to forgive you, Moses, of murder. I'm going to forgive you of not circumcising your sons. That's my glory. God's glory is that he doesn't give us the punishment we deserve. He said, "My glory is I forgive transgressions. I forgive sins." Because remember these are different, right? Iniquities, transgressions, sins. There's differences in there. Hallelujah. and my glory. Why I'm famous. I will not clear the guilty. But yet the Bible said he's a God ready to pardon. So if he's ready to forgive and sinners won't confess those serpent seed, then he will not clear them because they didn't come the same way that you came by repentance. You came by the blood of Jesus Christ. That's what God is famous for. God will treat everyone the same. God will be impartial. God will judge by one thing alone. That's his word. And he will visit the iniquity of the fathers upon children and upon children's children unto the third and fourth generation. Right? We saw that with uh Levi paid tithe while he was in the loins of Abraham. So God, brother Chris, God visits the blessings on four generations. So think about that. If time carries, brother Chris, you would have children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren. God's your obedience to God will bless your great grandchildren. Hallelujah. I'm happy to know that. I I can already see my bless or God's blessings on my children. And what about when what about when I get grandchildren? PRAISE GOD. GOD PROMISED ME, CHURCH. God promised you, brother Jose. I'm sure you've seen it in your grandchildren, brother. Do you have great grandchildren yet, brother? You do. Hallelujah. Amen. You can see God's blessing. Amen. God promised it. He said, "I won't forgive them for four generations, but I'll also bless them for four generations. I'll see the tithes that Levi will pay. I already see it in Abraham by predestination." In other words, if you serve God, God's going to save some of your children. God notice I didn't say all because God didn't save Jacob and or Esau as well. God saved Jacob, not Esau. He didn't promise to save all of them. He promised to save the predestinated. But if you serve God, your children, grandchildren, great grandchildren will be blessed by by by the grace of God that God has given to you. God will see your faithful service and God will honor four generations past you. That's God's fame. Amen. That's what makes him famous, brother Claude. Show me your glory. I want to see the Red Sea. Moses has already seen that. God said, I'm going to give him some something better than the Red Sea. AMEN. I'M GOING TO GIVE HIM MY MERCY TO FOUR GENERATIONS. HALLELUJAH. That's greater than the Red Sea. That's greater than seeing a supernatural vision of riding on stone. It's greater than that if God shows mercy to my children and my grandchildren and my great grandchildren. What would you rather have? An experience or generations have experiences of the love of God and eternal life? I think you know my answer. I'd rather have eternal life and God's mercy upon generations of eternal life. So the blue is the blue is the is the similarities between 1 Corinthians 13 and uh Exodus 34. See how God's merciful? He's not easily provoked. He's merciful. See how God is gracious or kind. See how God is longsuffering and Paul says he suffers a long time. Moses was told by God, "I'm the God of truth." And what does love do? It rejoices in the truth. What does God do? He keeps mercy for thousands. And what does charity do? It can bear all things. And in fact, church, Jesus bore all of our sins on the cross. That's what love does. Love can put up with people. Love can forgive people. Love can bear each other's burdens. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. Let's read these last verses. So God passes Moses by. He declares his glory. As if the Red Sea wasn't enough, the burning bush was enough. God lets him see the back of the theophony. And let's see how Moses responds to the glory of God. I hope you'll res respond the same way today. How does Moses respond when he sees God's glory? Does he say, "Oh, that was another good service. I'll just go home and I'll just get back to get back to doing the dishes or whatever I got to do." Church, what does he do? He makes haste and bowed his head toward the earth and worshiped. So, what will you go? What will you do today, church? You should go home and worship God on the way home. I should worship God on the way home. If the glory of God ever passes you by, you'll want to worship God. What night was I was is 9 or 10 o'clock in Haven's in the kitchen shouting the praises of God with her ear earphones in praising God. I'm like, this is refreshing. [laughter] Not my other children have done that before, but it just struck me. Was that Wednesday or Thursday night? Haven, I can't remember. But she's singing at the top of almost at the top of her lungs here and it's almost bedtime. I'm like, "Hallelujah." She must have seen the glory of God. Amen. In other words, just appreciate. We appreciate the love of God. We appreciate the character of Jesus Christ. And it makes me want to worship God. Makes me want to put my favorite song on, bring you to tears in the car. When God's glory passes by, you've got to respond by worshiping God. Hallelujah. I love this. And he said, "Now, if I have found grace in thy sight, oh Lord, let my Lord, I pray thee, go among us." Lord, just be with our church. How many, how many want that today? Lord, just be with my family. You know why? For we are a stiff necked people sometimes. And pardon our iniquity and our sin and take us for thine inheritance. Lord, let my family be your inheritance. Let my children, grandchildren, great grandchildren, let my family be your family. Hallelujah. How many appreciate Moses today by God's grace? He saw the same thing Paul did. He saw the character of God Almighty. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Father God, we're thankful for today, Lord God. Lord, I just find it so striking that Moses, a man that was accustomed to miracles, when he asked to see your glory, you showed him your theophony. And you showed him your character and it was such a movement that it caused him to worship you and say, "God, stay among us. God, don't leave us. Let my family be your inheritance." In other words, adopt us into your family, oh God. That's our prayer today, Lord God. Help us to have a heart of worship today, Lord God. Hallelujah. You are so good, so merciful, gracious, and kind, keeping [music] mercy unto thousands. Oh God, forgiving transgressions, iniquities, and sins. Hallelujah. Lord, let your glory pass [music] by this morning, Lord God. We ask it, Jesus. And Lord, may it cause us to worship that we'll take that worship with us, [music] Lord God. And we'll keep your presence in our homes in and [music] in this church as well, Lord God. Lord, your presence was with us at the park yesterday when I got to talk to that gentleman [music] and he said, "This makes me want to cry that there's actually a Christian who loves the Lord and loves the Bible." Hallelujah, Lord God. Thank you, Lord God. The footsteps of the righteous are order of the Lord. If Paul could come back today, if Moses [music] would come back today and we'd say, "What is the glory of God?" God, he would say it's God's character. Suffers long, bears all things, hopes all things, believes all things, rejoices in the truth, does not rejoice in iniquity. It's merciful and gracious, and it will bless your children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren. Oh God, thank you for this revelation today. Lord God, I believe it is how Paul and Moses saw the same [music] thing. The glory of God, both caught up into the heavenlies, saw heavenly visions, heavenly [music] paradise. God, we just want to return and worship you today, Lord God. Hallelujah. We love you today, Lord God. Your love is so great. Your mercy is so measurless, Lord God, reaches [music] to the highest mountain, flows through the lowest valley. Lord, I pray your people, Lord, will [music] experience the glory of God today, and they'll take their worship home with them, Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, show us your glory. Show us your character. Hallelujah. [music]
