################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-24 - (8-24-25) Job Heard But Then He Saw the LORD, Pt. 2 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-24
Title:   (8-24-25) Job Heard But Then He Saw the LORD, Pt. 2 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pb9be9DSYWw
========================================

Okay, we're doing good by the grace of God. Let's be in the house of the Lord today. I'd like to go here if we could. Let's go to Job chapter 38. Brennon and I were talking about Job. I was telling a little about the book of Job we've been preaching. So hopefully this be a blessing again today. Wednesday night we looked at uh the thought of Job said, "I've heard uh but now I see." That's what brother Brian preached on last Sunday. Uh but I want to kind of pick up with God's questions for Job here. And uh I don't think I've ever preached through all these. So kind of felt uh burdened and led to look at some of these questions here by God's grace. Amen. Job 38. I'll read uh one, two, and three, and then we can all read uh verse four here by God's grace. Job 38 1-4. I'll read 1 through three and then we can read four together. The Bible says, "Then the Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind and said, Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge? Gird up now thy loins like a man, for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me." Let's read verse four together. Ready? One, two, three. Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare if thou hast understanding. Amen. May God add the blessing to the to the reading of his word. You can be seated there. Hallelujah. Now, just so, Brother Brendan, just so you know, I usually preach about an hour and a half on Sunday. Now, that's a long sermon for a lot of people. I understand that. So, if you need to take a break, you just go as you're led. Okay, brother. We normally have two services on Sunday just because we love the word. Not because we have a big church, just because we we just love the word. But since we had a couple babies in the congregation, I've been giving the mothers little break there. And so because of that, I like to preach a little longer on Sunday morning. So, uh trust it'll be a blessing to everybody uh by the grace of the Lord. Hallelujah. So, Wednesday, we looked at Job uh we actually looked at Job chapter 42. So, if you have your Bible, why don't we just turn there to Job 42 uh verse 5 is where we got our title from. Job 42:5 says, "I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now my eye seeth thee." And so, we picked it up there on Wednesday night and we just showed how how before Job was tested, he had never seen God in, we'd say, a very supernatural way. And a lot of us can probably relate to that. Uh maybe we never had like a major dream or uh maybe never felt like a supernatural presence around us during our childhood. I remember Lena's testimony that was something that she had testified of. I was the same. My wife, I'm sure, never really felt like this overwhelming powerful uh revelation. But yet, despite Job not having any of that, he'd heard the the word of God and there and then he applied it to his life. Right? We know this was probably before, you know, Job was probably the first ever recorded scripture about an individual. So this would have been before the flood as far as uh the timeline. And so his way to serve God, he learned was through blood sacrifice where he sacrificed animals. Praise God. And just in what he had heard, he was able to live and sacrifice to God so much where God starts bragging on him in heaven and said, "Satan, have you ever you considered my servant Job? There's no one like him in the earth. So that lets us know that we can live so close to God even without having all these signs, miracles, and wonders. &gt;&gt; Now, we all love signs, miracles, and wonders. &gt;&gt; Uh and just so you know, Brother Brian asked me last week to pray for his other hip. I had prayed for him in 2020, and God healed his hip supernaturally. He said, "But now the other one's in bad shape." So, I'm trusting in the Lord for another miracle. But it's up to God. That was a great sign or miracle in my life back in 2020. But now I got to trust God for another one. And if God doesn't do it, that's fine. The Lord gives and the Lord takes away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But that was a great sign in my life. Uh I'd say around that time in my life. But we don't always have those all the time. But we get the we get the confirmation that God is looking at our hearts, right? And we get the confirmation from Jesus. He said it's more blessed to believe without seeing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The Lord told us that in the the book of John if you see great miracles and things that that's wonderful. But there comes a responsibility with that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And it takes less faith to believe after that. It takes more faith to believe without seeing any supernatural miracles. Now when I was eight years old, Brendon, I did see God heal my mom of cancer without any chemo. it just vanished one day. So, I saw that miracle myself. Uh, but it didn't involve me. Like, I didn't I didn't experience the healing. And so, I just I just saw her get better. I saw her get out of the hospital and all the bruises on her back vanished. And but I I I I couldn't say that I had not seen a miracle. Uh, now, as far as feeling the presence of God, I never really felt that. Uh, and so God tells Job uh or God lets us know about Job, he's a man. And what makes him special is he hates evil. &gt;&gt; That's what makes him really special in the sight of God. He hates evil. He tries to escue evil, which our word is depart from evil. Hallelujah. And so we saw that and and Job was daily confessing his sins, not just his sins, but the sins of his children. But Job 42:5 says, "I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now mine eye seeth thee. Wherefore I abhore myself and repent in dust in ashes. And I love this. I just love this fact. Whenever you experience God, it doesn't make you prideful. It makes you more humble. &gt;&gt; Job had an experience that very few people have ever had &gt;&gt; as far as having God talk to him so directly for so many verses, so many chapters. He directly hears from God. He sees God in a whirlwind. And it doesn't make him feel like, "Oh, I'm better than everybody else." It makes him feel humble. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And remember Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So if we experience, if one of us would experience something with the Lord Jesus, yes, it it would raise our faith, but it would also make us extremely humble &gt;&gt; where we'd realize, wow, I'm nothing. He's everything. I I'm just a vessel in his hand. He could do with me anything he wants, but he he's he's chosen to make me a vessel of honor. I have mercy in his sight. I ought to be so thankful. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I ought to be a privileged uh person and love and serve God with such a tender heart. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And then we saw that Job went through five layers of stress. I think I shared this with Brendan. He went through at least five layers of stress on Wednesday. Layers that we can't even fathom. He lost all of his money. So, he couldn't go to the bank and get any money. He lost He lost everything. Lost all his money. He lost all of his children over seven funerals on the same day. None of us can relate to that. Uh third, he lost all of his health. He went from perfect sound health to boils covering him from head to toe. He lost all of his sleep. He said he tossed and turned. When he laid down, he longed for the the morning, right? When when he's in the morning, he longed to lay down. And then he said, "When I did get sleep, alls I had was nightmares all night." So he never got any rest. No wonder he was in confusion. No wonder he said such harsh things against God. And yet in heaven, God's calling him the greatest. There's no one like Job. It just shows how God in heaven has so much mercy for us. In other words, God is predestinated. God knows his children in heaven. They know they're not going to fail the test. He knows they're going to pass the test. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then the last layer was his trial didn't last a day or a week. It lasted months. Yeah, &gt;&gt; we go through difficult times. We might have a bad week, bad weekend, uh a bad uh two weeks, but he was going through months and months of this suffering. No let up in sight. And so, no wonder that he would say such harsh words. We saw that some of Job's words were right, some of them were wrong. Hallelujah. And we saw Elahu's words were all correct. Allah just rebuked Job over and over and over again. Showed him all these things where he was wrong. We looked at that on Wednesday night and then we closed uh Wednesday night. I think it was 2 Chronicles 16:9. You want to pull that up there? I just advised the church to remember God's eyes run to and fro all around the earth. In other words, God's constantly watching you. &gt;&gt; Okay? And what does he want to do? The eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the earth to show himself strong in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him. So God's searching this church this morning. Who can I show myself strong in? &gt;&gt; Who can I show that has a real testimony, a real heart that loves me? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And remember, we also know the other scripture in Job chapter 1. Satan was asked by God, "Where have you been?" He said, "I'm going to and fro along the earth." Right? In other words, trying to tempt people. So, we had that reality on Wednesday night. Both God and the devil and all the devil's spirits are going through around the earth trying to either God's either trying to find strong people or Satan's trying to bring down weak people. &gt;&gt; In other words, we're we're being watched at all times. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I think it says that in the gym, right? There's germs everywhere and there's Jesus everywhere. I think it says I like that sign. So, be be mindful of both. Amen. Clean up your natural germs and confess your sins. Hallelujah. Your spiritual germs. Let's read that just a reminder. Uh first John, go to first John chapter 1. Let's read that again about the certainty of the forgiveness of Jesus. First John chapter 1 and then I just want to share again about David's testimony. It was such a blessing. I trust that you enjoyed that. Uh if you didn't if you weren't there, I you got to get that listen to that by God's grace. Uh look at verse uh 7. 1 John 1:7. I just want you to look at the certainty of forgiveness. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, so we choose to avoid the darkness, we have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanses us from how much sin, church? Let's say it together? All. All. All. Everything. If you just keep walking in the light, then the blood of Christ will forgive you of all your sin. Well, well, Brother Jesse, I know, but I did it again last week and then this week and then I've done it for all these months and years. The Bible said he forgives you of all. &gt;&gt; Now, I want to bring that thought out. Brother David stood here as one of the most transparent testimonies I've heard where he was willing to admit I was raised around this message. In other words, the the Bible revelations for the end time. And I thought I was filled with the Holy Ghost. Look how humble he was to admit I realized I wasn't when I started getting drunk, smoking cigarettes, addicted to porn. Wasn't that a very honest testimony? &gt;&gt; I can give a lot of respect to a man like that or woman that would admit I thought I was born again, but when I got out in the world and I got tested, I realized I wasn't. &gt;&gt; But I love it. Amen. I love it. He said, but he didn't. He didn't want to stay that way. &gt;&gt; Pretty soon, sin wasn't pleasurable anymore. The Bible said sin is pleasurable for a season, but after a short season, it started being uh uh un unfavorable. It wasn't it lost its pleasure. &gt;&gt; And so he started crying out to God, church. Crying out to God. And remember, for years, he prayed to God. God, deliver me from these things. God, deliver me from porn. God, deliver me from these things. And church, according to the Bible, every time he asked for forgiveness, Jesus forgave him. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But down on earth, it took him, we'd say, months or we'd say a year, whatever more. Now, Adam was six years. Took him six years to finally overcome. But every time he said sorry, Jesus was faithful to forgive him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Although it took him six years to overcome porn, he still got over it. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And he lives free from that today because greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So let's just remember that. Now verse eight as well. If we say we have no sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us. Every day we battle sin. every day likely we might sin. So we must confess it. Verse nine, if we confess our sins, he's faithful and just to forgive us our sins and cleanse us from again all unrighteousness. If we say that we have not sin, we make him a liar and his word is not in us. So let's apply this to Job. Now we saw some of his sins. He had great fear about losing everything. &gt;&gt; Now did God forgive him of that? Of course, because God in heaven calls him perfect, &gt;&gt; but he battle with fear. I told that to Brennan. Sometimes I battle that too. You know, I'm gonna lose it all. I'm gonna lose my children. I'm going to lose my money. I'm going lose my job. I'm going to lose my health or I'm going to be in a wheelchair the rest of my life. Or, you know, we just battle different fears. &gt;&gt; But every time he had it, he confessed it. He did a blood sacrifice. Hallelujah. He worshiped God. And the Bible said God forgave him of that. &gt;&gt; He said, "I was at ease. I got lazy on God. God forgave him of that. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And he was prideful. He he said uh he said that God is not fair. God is not just. In other words, he said he's more he's a better judge than God. And God even forgave him of that. &gt;&gt; Church, just remember, I was looking earlier today. I don't have the notes, but many believers got angry at God, and God still forgave them. &gt;&gt; Job, we went through David a couple months ago. David got angry with God. Uh Jonah, he got angry with God. God, how could you spare Ninevites? They're so wicked. And God's like, you cared about a gourd. Why do you care about gourds and not about human souls? &gt;&gt; But that's God's prophet. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Like, it's normal for humans to get angry or it's normal for us to experience confusion and uncertainty, but when we realize we've made when we realize we said something wrong, may we go back to this verse and say, "God, forgive me. I'm confessing that I said things I didn't understand. Forgive me. Forgive all my sin &gt;&gt; through the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. So remember friends, God's spirit and Satan are going to and fro today. Hallelujah. And let's be a tool that God can use to show his strength today. Hallelujah. Now, before I get to Job's questions here, uh, that God gave to Job. Uh, let's remember, let's go back to, if we could, let's go back to Romans 8 here. Let's go to 8:31. And in caseia, I have a a slide here. We'll just put up here. It might make it a little easier. Back in the Romans series, remember the Romans series, I kind of preached on questions here. Beginning at verse 31, Paul says, "What shall we say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us?" &gt;&gt; Now, like this is the chapter of God's love, I would say. Romans 8. I mean, so is 1 Corinthians 13. But, uh, this is a different view on God's love. Romans 8. There's no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. That's verse number one. Hallelujah. And if it starts that good, it's only going to get better. Hallelujah. No condemnation, Brother Patrick. Hallelujah. To them that are in Christ Jesus, there's none. &gt;&gt; Brother Chris, there's no condemnation when you're in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; How are you in Christ Jesus? You have faith in his word. &gt;&gt; You're a child of God. &gt;&gt; So, if God's for me, who can be against me? Now, let's stop and look at Job. Did it always seem like God was for Job? It didn't seem like it, but God always was for Job. &gt;&gt; Amen. when he lost his children, lost his health, lost his money, it didn't seem like, well, God's for me. He actually questioned God. &gt;&gt; But the whole time, God was for him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. So, when we go through trials, let us not be tempted. The devil wants to try to make us think, "Oh, God's not for you, or this is going against you." Hey, I just say like this. If you have sin, confess it, and then you know God's for you. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Just confess any sin and any trial. Confess any sin and seek God. And I I believe God will show you your sin. You can confess it and then you know if you're being tested. It's just a test. &gt;&gt; It's to test your faith. It's to prove to the devil that you're a true believer. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He spared not his own son but delivered him up for us all. How shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Now if I asked you what would you like today? You might name some certain things to me and that might be true. But what does the Bible say? God gives us everything freely that we need spiritually. &gt;&gt; So every spiritual need you have, God has given to us. &gt;&gt; We just got to pray and believe it. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You might not get it the first day, the first week, the first month, but everything is freely given. Hallelujah. If you just confess your sins, keep trusting God, God's going to give you what you have need of. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I love verse 33. Who shall lay any charge to God's elect? It is God that justifieth. &gt;&gt; So think of Job there. Satan's trying to lay charges to Job and God's like he's perfect. &gt;&gt; And the Bible says those demons are there before God accusing us day and night. &gt;&gt; So think of think about that, brother Nia. There's demons accusing you day and night and me day and night. But who stands up for us? We're not even there to argue our case. Oh, thank God we have somebody to argue our case. Hallelujah. is Jesus Christ the righteous judge. &gt;&gt; He's called the advocate or the lawyer. And Jesus is there to say, "No, Jose, confess that. That's forgiven. I'm forgiving him of everything." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's perfect. In other words, he escal. Amen. Not perfect like we never sin, but he's walking after the ways of God. He's a complete believer. And I like to put all your names in there as well, but time doesn't give me that. Hallelujah. Amen. Go to the next verse there. Verse 34. Oh, it's me. Sorry. Who is he that condemnth? You see, don't let the devils condemn you. Why would you let the devils condemn you when the Bible said there's nobody that can condemn you? &gt;&gt; It is Christ that died. So why am I not condemned? Because Jesus died for me. &gt;&gt; He paid my penalty. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I can't be condemned because he was condemned for me. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; All my sins were already paid for. &gt;&gt; It's already over with. I can't suffer for my sins because they're already paid for. &gt;&gt; In other words, my debt's already been paid. I don't owe God anything. Jesus paid it. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Glory. Yay. Rather that is risen again who is even at the right hand of God who al also maketh intercession for us. Amen. There's somebody there before God to make intercession to God for what we have need of. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad you have somebody in heaven, brother Mercy? You have somebody in heaven waiting for you to make intercession for your prayer requests. &gt;&gt; What a confidence we should have in our prayers. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the reason Jesus is there because he wants to hear our prayers. &gt;&gt; He's there for us. Let's say for us. Can we for us? He's there for us. Jesus sits at the right hand of God for us to make intercession for our requests. &gt;&gt; What a promise. Verse 35. Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? So again, these are rhetorical questions. When God wants us to understand something, he asks us questions. Hallelujah. Is there anything that can separate us from the love of Christ? No. Nothing. So, think of the think of Satan or the worst demon or the worst temptation or the worst trial on earth like Job went through. Could that trial losing all your money, all your children, all your health, could that separate him from God's love? Impossible. Hallelujah. Nothing can separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. So, we have to we have to realize if we don't feel loved, then we need to get a closer walk with God. We got to go talk to Jesus about his love for us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm convinced, church, that's the only reason we stumble is because we lose our fellowship with God. But when we come back to God, the fellowship's restored and then we love Jesus more. We don't want to sin. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's right. Shall tribulation separated from the love of Jesus, distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, peril, or sword? As it is written, for thy sake, we are killed all the day long. We are counted for sheep for the slaughter. So, can any of those things separate us from the love of God? The answer is no. Hallelujah. In other words, the love of Jesus is with us. Hallelujah. Not only is it with us, the Bible says it's in us. Now, I'm going to try to speed up here a little bit. Nay, in all these things, we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. In other words, so friends, you are going to conquer tribulations in your life. &gt;&gt; You're going to conquer distress, anxiety, fear. You're going to con conquer persecution. A lot of you have already done it. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Famine. Thank God we haven't had that. Uh nakedness, very few clothes, peril or sword, even wars, right? We the Bible says we are we will conquer those things because in all these things he loves us throughout all these things. &gt;&gt; I just want everybody to take a fresh look at your trials that you're going through today. If we look at Job and see God's love in his trials, well then surely if our trials aren't as difficult as that, surely we can see God's love in our trials today. &gt;&gt; Job said, "I've heard, but now I see." A lot of us are just going to hear. But may God help us to see the truth of this word today. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; For I'm persuaded that neither death, so if we lost any loved ones recently, especially these families that have lost fathers at 40, 45, death, life, angels, principalities, powers, things present, uh, things nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Nothing can separate us from the love of God. Amen. Now, I want to re re let's review uh when I preach this in the Romans series. Remember we went over the Socratic method. It's a teaching method where and I had a teacher like this in uh in college. He was a great teacher. Can't think of his last name right now. Oh yeah, Dr. Broadway. When I was in University of Akran, he taught this way. He never said anything unless it was a question. Those are some really interesting classes. That's an hour and a half of just questions. Uh it was very it was very challenging. Okay. Uh and of course it comes from Socrates, the the great philosopher. Uh but I'm just going to skip ahead just because it's review. What's the whole point of this? What's the benefit? It encourages students to explore your own thoughts and your own beliefs. See, a lot happens when you're asked a question. You have to go deep down inside or we'd say deep down inside for the answer. And it shows us what's inside of us. If I asked you, Lydia asked a student last week uh what's 5* 5? What I think he said what 45 or something like that. Now look, there's a question and it brought out the wrong answer. Hallelujah. So see questions show what's inside of us. Praise God. So during those, you know, college courses, you know, all those classes, I really found out I don't know too much about teaching. I don't know a whole lot about history. I don't know much about anything really. It's very humbling when you're asked a lot of questions. It's a humbling thing when you get the wrong when you get the wrong answer. I'll say it like that, right? But when you're asked lots of questions, you have to explore yourself. What do I know about algebra, Claude? What do I know about algebra? What I know about college math? It helps you explore your thoughts and you consider how these thoughts and beliefs may contribute to assumptions about the topic at hand. So you find out what's inside of you and you also understand your weaknesses. You understand, oh, I assumed wrong about this. Well, I thought Pluto was a planet. Now they say it's not. Then it goes back to it is a planet. You might swing back and forth and I just assumed it was. So questions bring out what's uh what's inside of us. So now let's go back to Job 38 where we started. Job 38. Kind of going the roundabout way here. Yeah. God's questions for Job. Now, as I've studied this, it seems God and Elahu asked Job over 75 questions. Now, Job on Earth was he was telling his three friends, "If I could just talk to to God, if I could just uh see him face to face, if there was just someone to go between us, if there was just somebody that that that I could talk to and God and plead my case." In other words, I'm just dying to talk to God. &gt;&gt; Did God answer his prayer? &gt;&gt; Yes. But when God comes down to Job, God starts with questions. And if you read through the 75 questions, God never answered Job's questions. So catch this. Sometimes we we so bad want to hear from God. But what if he doesn't answer our question? Will we still trust him? &gt;&gt; Is hearing from him enough or does he specifically have to answer our question and give us what we want in order to be happy? &gt;&gt; Shows us how selfish we are sometimes. &gt;&gt; Amen. So shows that sometimes we we don't understand God like we think we do, right? Like we say we do. And Job finds out here that he doesn't quite understand God at all. Hallelujah. So it's a good lesson for us to learn. The first question we read it was verse uh verse two. Job 382. I'm sorry. I'm on the wrong page. Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge? So God comes down to talk to him and he says, "Who is this?" It'd be like if you come up for prayer, it'd be just like this. You come up for prayer. Uh, pastor, can you pray for me? I said, 'Who are you? I don't even know you. &gt;&gt; Now, how would you feel if I did that? I'm leaving the church, man. You have a right to You have a right. If I treated you like that, you have a right to leave the church &gt;&gt; because I'm not God. But God has a right to do whatever he wants. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, thank God I've never done that to anybody. I don't plan to start that either. But he says, "Who is this?" Yet up in heaven, he's bragging, "Do you know Job? I know Job. Job's a perfect man. No one's like Job." Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. There's nobody like him. But on earth, when God's correcting his child, sometimes he got to gives us rebukes. &gt;&gt; Who is this? Who are you? He's not even talking up to him. He says, "Who is this?" He didn't even say, "Who are you?" He said, "Who is this?" So, God knows how to humble us, church. And that's what God wanted, brother Jose. God wanted God wanted to see this humility come out in Job chapter 42. I abhore myself. I repent. I've said things that I did not understand what I was saying. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, verse two, we get the first question. So, he's rebuked for his knowledge. He's got the He's got bad knowledge. He's got misunderstanding. Verse four, where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? That's a very good first question. How did the earth get here? What was it founded upon? What's holding up the earth? Uh, air. Gravity. What's gravity? Who made gravity? Oh, these are some good questions here. Hallelujah. Verse five. Who laid the measures thereof? and knowest thou? In other words, what are the measurements of the earth? Now, now we know it by uh uh by all the the telescopes and what are those uh satellites there? I can't remember the word. Now, we know it by satellites, but do we trust those? Are those always right? I mean, we're just we're just taking it by faith, right? We're just blind faith, really. &gt;&gt; Verse five again. Or hast thou stretched the line upon it? Did you get out the measuring tape and measure the earth? Did you know how big it is? Job. Verse six, whereupon are the foundations fastened thereof. So when you build a house, you know, Malachi seen it. You got to lay the you got to lay the foundation, the footer. You got to you got to fasten the walls first. You know, when the walls go up, you got to fasten them in the place. God asked Job who put the fastenings on the earth to make sure it stayed in place because that's all he knew. He knew about fastenings and and his city and he knew about his home and all his barns and everything that he had. He was a great man. So he asked him about the earth. Verse six, or who laid the cornerstone thereof? What's the cornerstone of the earth? Verse 12, hast thou commanded the morning since the days? Did you send the Did you start the morning sunrise this morning? Were you able to do that? How do you think Job's feeling after just like five or six questions? Verse 12. And the causing the daypring to know his place. I didn't Oh, that's the dawn. The dayring is the dawn. Do you know where the dawn's place is? Where it waits in order to come forth in the morning? Where's the dawn's place? I didn't know the dawn had a place. Verse 16. Hast thou entered into the springs of the seas? You know there's there's springs inside the sea where water comes forth and springs forth causes all these ocean currents. Job didn't know where that was. He's saying on earth, he's saying, "I demand to talk to God. I want to talk to God." Okay, now you're talking to God. &gt;&gt; How's it going, Job? You like this talk so far? God's not God's not addressing his pain. Now, that's where it's hard for us. God's not addressing his suffering. &gt;&gt; God is trying to get him to see out of his four walls, we'd say, right? &gt;&gt; Or his tunnel vision. Look outside this just go to the earth. Now, he's going to take him up to the heavenlies pretty soon by God's grace. Hallelujah. He starts there on the earth. Then he goes to the sea. How about verse 16? Or hast thou walked in the search of the depth? How deep is the ocean, Job? And then he gets to this question. Verse 17. Have the gates of death been opened unto thee? Right? We know the gates of hell, right? There's gates of hell in the heart of the earth. And uh God told Job, "Have they been open to you?" No. Of course not. Verse 17. Or hast thou seen the doors of the shadows of death? The doors of the shadows of death entering into death. Have you seen that? Verse 18. Hast thou perceive the breath of the earth. So he goes back to the earth. Earth, sea, death. Back to the earth. Verse 18. Declare if thou knowest it all. Because before he's saying, I'm greater than God. I've been more fair than God. I know more than God. So now God's like, "Okay, tell me all of that that you know so much about God. Why am I suffering? Why is my life so hard? Why is this bad in my family? Why is that bad in this financial situation? Why is my health like this?" And God's like, "Tell me all of all of this and then I'll talk to you about that." He's sick. He suffered for months. He's not sleeping good. God, why aren't I sleeping good? You better be careful what God's going to answer you. Be careful of what God might answer you. It might not be what you want to hear, but it will humble you and it will help you to trust in God more. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Verse 19, where is the way where light dwelleth? The way light dwells. Verse 19, as for darkness, wherefore is the place thereof. Where does darkness go when light is where does darkness go to wait? It's breaking into light. Let's go down to verse 22. Hast thou entered into the treasures of the snow? The storehouses. So God says there's storehouses of snow. Have you entered into those where God keeps storehouses? He's got all this snow piled up ready to go. Job doesn't know where that is. Or hast thou seen the treasures of the hail? The storehouses of hail. Where does the hail get kept in store to pour uh pounds and pounds or inches and inches of hail? Where's that all kept at? God asked Job. Job doesn't know. By what way is the light pardon? In verse 24, which scatterth the east wind upon the earth? So now he breaks into the wind, light, wind, earth, death, sea. Verse 25, who hath divided a water course or a trench for the overflowing of water. See, whenever there's floods, there's got to be a place where it eventually is stopped, where it's held. And God said, "Did you provide that water course? Did you put that trench there to hold the overflow?" No. Job didn't. Job couldn't handle the floods either. Couldn't handle the rain. Verse 25. Or away for the lightning of thunder. Do you know how to send thunder? Do you know how to make it lightning? Good question. Verse 28, hath the rain of father? Is that how all those raindrops come? Because a dad a dad just keeps having rain children, right? This is God's question for him. All these raindrops, do they have a dad? I don't know about that. I love verse 28. You know, this morning I walked out and to to just give the chickens some leftover food after I got up. Who hath begotten the dos the drops of dew? My shoes, as you know, your shoes get covered in the dew. You just take a little stroll out there. Tell the chickens good morning. God bless you chickens. I come back. My feet are soaking wet. Each one of those dew drops, God asked Job, "Did you do that? Can you do that? Can you put all those down there?" "Well, I'm just just trying to understand my situation, God." God's like, "Consider all this around you. You haven't considered how great I am." In other words, church, we can't let God become little to us. We don't serve a little God. We serve an infinite God &gt;&gt; who's in control of the storehouses of hail, the storehouses of snow. He's got all that dew up there, Brother Austin, just waiting to bring it down so we can enjoy a morning walking out in the grass. Dew all over our feet. Let's uh How about this one? Verse 29. Out of whose womb came the ice? So, who's the ice's mother? Go down to verse 31. I think I got some pictures here I'll share with. All right, I got a few pictures here. By God's grace, verse 31. Can't thou bind the sweet influence of Plleades? I might be saying that wrong. Am I saying that right? Anybody done any astronomy lately? Pleaides. Now, Plletes is a constellation of seven stars. So, let me read about these here just briefly. Oh, yeah. Before I read that, um, the speed of light is 186,282 miles per second. Per second. That's a almost 200,000 miles per second. And a light year uh that a light travels in one year is almost 6 trillion miles that light travels in one year. So I just want to lay this down before we get to some of these stars here. So for example, if we say a star is 444 light years away like Pleaides, that means the light that we see today left those stars 440 years ago and we're just seeing it today. God starts breaking into these space questions. Got any we got any NASA scientists in here that might be able to answer some of these questions? I didn't think so. So Pletes is seven stars. God says can thou can thou bind the sweet influences of Pletes? Never never can say that right. So the modern name is Messier if I'm not mistaken. It's a constellation in Taurus. It's about 444 light years away. It has over 1,000 stars. So that's Ple Pleaides. Now I brought this because I like this because I I can always find Orion in the winter time because I always look for those three stars right there. So if you just follow that up to this one and you'll find Pleaides. Now I've never found that, but I had to find this one in college. So I remember that one. That's the only one I can remember from my college years. So it's 1,000 stars. Only six or seven are visible to the naked eye. Hallelujah. So this is a cluster. Ancients saw this as seven sisters. So God said, "Can you bind those and bring them all together like I did? Can you control the stars? Can you move the stars around wherever you want? Create all these beautiful constellations." Then he says, "Or loose the bands of of Orion." So the maybe the bands the stars that are closest together. Can you loose those and cause those to move? Of course not. It's one of the most recognizable constellations is Orion. It's 1,200 light years away. So that means the light that we see left 1,200 years ago that we're just seeing it now. Hallelujah. Beetlejuice is one of those stars. It's 1,000 times the size of the sun. Do you think Job knew that? That's just more recent information. God's asking you, can you break those up and kind of move those around? They're a thousand times the size of the sun. But God, I'm suffering. But God, I haven't slept well. But God, I have family trouble. But God, I'm I'm out of finances. Job could have said all that. And God said, can you handle Orion? Have you thought about ple pleades? Where's the storehouses of snow and hail? Where where they at, Job? But God, I'm sick. I'm tired. I I don't have any money. my family. I've lost everything. God doesn't talk about that. &gt;&gt; God's getting him to see how great he is. Amen. God is fixing to give him a comeback. Brother Austin. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Just like we saw with the wrestling matches a few weeks ago, we don't wrestle against flesh and blood. Hallelujah. God's humbling him in order to get him uh to to realize how little he is in order to give him a comeback so he'll serve God with more zeal, more passion. Hallelujah. more diligence in the second part of his life than he did the first part of his life. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And church, that's what you'll find. If you can accept God's correction, if you can accept God's suffering for you to go through, you'll come out a better Christian on the other side. &gt;&gt; You will love God more. &gt;&gt; You will thank him more. You'll talk about him more. You'll read your Bible more. As Brendon's been tearing through those scriptures, you'll just you'll love it more &gt;&gt; because God showed up and he showed me things about me. He exposed my weaknesses and he showed me how great he is. So, he's more worthy to be praised than I imagined. &gt;&gt; I thought I knew something about God. I found out I don't know much about God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now, Mazareth, look at Maza Mazareth. Mazeroth was the entire set of the Hebrew zodiac. So God said, "Can you bring forth ma mazeroth in a season?" It was all of these. It was Aries, Tarsus, Gemini, Cancer, all these constellations. God asked Job, "Can you bring them in their right season that they're supposed to come in?" Uh, I'll start working on that. So, first he started with just a couple constellations. Then he goes through all of them. Are you going to bring out all those so the star watchers can see it, look for signs, and pray and do all these things? Are you going to bring that out? In other words, are you going to make the world turn? Are you going to bring all the stars in the right place, the right situations? The answer is no. God's going to take care of that. And remember, church, some of those are a thousand times bigger than the sun. God knows how to humble his people. &gt;&gt; Anybody been humbled this week? Anybody been prideful this week? If if you've been prideful this week, then this is a good sermon to humble you. Hallelujah. Me too. Arcturus, canst thou guide Arcturus with his sons? So this uh location is about 37 light years away. It's one of the closest bright stars to Earth. It has an orange giant uh star which is 25 times the size of the sun. So not not very big compared to Beetlejuice and 170 times more luminous. Okay. So there's Arc Tourus. So if you find the Big Dipper, I guess for us, if from this view, you'd follow it uh to the east of the Big Dipper, you find Arc Taus. So God said, "Do you guide that star? Do you put that in its right place? Do you make sure it's right east of the Big Dipper? Did you put that there?" Uh the answer is no. And church, if we can't control that, how much more can we control the events of our life? You know, uh, you know, sometimes in life, we we we so want control of our lives, &gt;&gt; right? I just want to get up and I want to have control of this and I want control of that and I want control of that. And God's showing Job, I've got it all under control. &gt;&gt; I'm the one who controls all this. And if I control all this, you can trust me that I allow this to happen. I allowed that to happen. I'm worthy of your trust. &gt;&gt; But I'm sick, God. Trust me. But I'm low on money. God says, "Trust me. I've got everything under control." Hallelujah. Praise God. You can trust me with your your life. Hallelujah. Now, I'm going to skip ahead just for time sake. I don't even know how long I've been preaching. I didn't set the timer, so I apologize. In this chapter 38, he goes even into more things about knowledge. Verse 36, who hath put wisdom in the inward parts? So, Job, did you give these children their their intellect? Of course not. Uh, verse 37, I like that question. Who can number the clouds in wisdom? Can you count all the clouds up there? Or who can stay the bottles of heaven? So the rain. Do you know where the all the bottles are in heaven that hold all the rain? Then he breaks down to the earth. Verse 39. Wilt thou hunt the prey for the lion? The lions need food. Are you going to show them their prayer? You going to get the prey the food for them? Or will you feel the appetite of the young lions? Church. We have hard enough time feeding our animals. It's a real work to feed dogs. Feeding all those dogs in the morning. Well, God's like, Job, have you considered all the lion cubs out there? You want to go feed all the lion cubs? You going to take care of that? Verse 41, who provideth raven for his food? All the birds, you provide food for them. Hallelujah. Chapter 39, he speaks of the wild goats. In verse one, knowest thou the time when the wild goats of the rock bring forth? What time do they have children throughout the year? They're up in the mountains in the rocks. What time do they have what time of year do they have kids? Verse two, can't thou number the months that they fulfill? How many months does that take? Job doesn't know. Now, like the unicorn, the unicorn's probably a wild ox that's now extinct because there's uh fossil records. It's called the I can't say it, but it's called the Arox. Verse 39. Will the unicorn be willing to serve thee? So there was some wild ox that were so great they couldn't even tame them. Now God's about to break into the biggest animals that were ever on the earth. So Job can finally understand if I made these, how much greater am I than my creation? So he talks about the ox for all the verses down to verse 12. And then he breaks into the horse in verse 19. Hast thou given the horse strength? Verse 19. Hast thou clothe his neck with thunder? Verse 26. Doth the hawk fly by thy wisdom? Did you teach the hawk to fly? But God, I'm sick. But God, everything's falling apart in my life. Did you teach the hawk to fly? In other words, look outside your situation. Look outside of your pain. Look outside of your suffering. God's greater than all of it. Hallelujah. I like verse 27. Doth the eagle mount up at at thy command and make her nest on high? Do you tell the an the eagles when to fly really high? Soar. Do you command them? Hallelujah. Now in verse chapter 40, let's go to chapter 40. Verse one. Moreover, the Lord answered Job and said, "Now God's not done. God has rebuked him through all these areas up to the up to the planets down to hell itself down to the depths of the sea. God's rebuked him on all these things. And God's not done yet. I tell you, when God does something, he does it right, brother Brendan. If he's going to rebuke you, he's really going to rebuke us. &gt;&gt; God knows how to do it. If all those weren't enough, he's still not done. Now, look what he says in verse two. Shall he that contendeth with the Almighty instruct him? He's talking about Job. God was fighting with God. I'm sorry. Job was fighting with God. And Job was trying to instruct God. God, this is a better way to do it. My way is the better way to do it. Have we ever said that to God? Well, God, you should have did it this way. I wish you would have healed that person. Or you should have done You should have gave me the Holy Ghost there. I should have got saved there so I didn't go through that. Church, God knows what we have to go through. He that reproveth God, let him answer. So after all these 40 some questions, God says, now what's your answer? I've asked you all these questions. Glory about wild oxins. Hallelujah. About eagles and hawks, the depths of the sea, snow, hail, the stars, constellations about death, even death and hell itself. I've asked you all these questions. What is your answer? Verse three. Then Job answered the Lord and said, "Behold, I'm the greatest of all time." Is that what he said? I'm checking your reading. No, he said, "Behold, let's say it together. Behold, I am vile." Now, that means little and in insignificant. It doesn't mean sinful. Of course, we know we're all sinful. We have a sin nature. He said, "God, I'm vile. I'm just a real insignificant thing on the earth. Oh, wait, wait. Aren't you going to give me those measurements for the earth, Job? I'm waiting. What? How many uh meters long is around is the earth? You going to give me those measurements? No. His only answer is, I'm small. I'm nothing. Does that sound familiar to anybody? Hallelujah. When we go through suffering, what does it boil down to? God, forgive me. I don't know what I'm talking about. I'm complaining. God, help me not to complain. Help me to praise you in the midst of my trial. &gt;&gt; I don't have it that bad. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. We got it good. Of anybody in the earth, we've got it the best. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yet, we still complain or may feel sorry for ourselves. We have self-pity. God forgive us. God, help us to say, Lord, I'm vow. I'll trust you. Hallelujah. Whether you give or take away, I will praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, I am vow. What shall I answer thee? How am I going to answer you, Lord? I will lay my hand upon my mouth. Good answer. There's a good answer. I'm vow. Now, I'm going to stop talking. I'm going to stop telling you how to run your business. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Would you like that, Austin, if somebody come around and tells you how to run your business? You would you like that? &gt;&gt; I don't think I would. I would I wouldn't want somebody walk into my house and well, listen, this is how you do your house. It's my house. &gt;&gt; So, Job's like, I'm sorry. That's a good answer. Sometimes, church, when you pray, it's good just to do that. If you can't say anything good to God, don't say anything at all. Hallelujah. Until you can muster up some praise. God, you're worthy. God, I love you. You're in control. I can't answer you just like Job can't answer you. Verse five. Now, he still didn't cover his mouth. Once I've spoken, but I will not answer. Yay, twice, but I will proceed no further. And look what Job or look what God tells Job next in verse six. Then answer the Lord unto Job out of the whirlwind. Now look we now church you got a whirlwind. So I love those AI videos. They do these Job's on his knees and he's covered in and all these all these soores, you know, he's all over his body and the whirlwind is wrapping around him. I just love how they dramatized it. And God's like, I'm going to answer you again. I'm speaking right out of the whirlwind. In other words, I can't control this this this act of nature. There's power here outside of me. There's power greater than me. Alls I can do is just be quiet and listen to God. That's what God wants us to do many times. Be quiet. Listen to him. He said, "Gird up thy loins like a man." So they would gird up their their garment, right? So they could move about, they could run, their their knees could have free movement. And then the garment would come usually they're lower. They'd come up to the knees. They'd gird it up, tuck it in so they could do some work. So God's saying, "Okay, show me your work. Show me what you got, tough guy. G up your loins like a man. I will demand of thee and declare thou unto me. In other words, I've got more things to ask you and I'm waiting for your answer. Yet in heaven, he's like, Job is the best. Hallelujah. This is my son. He's my my best one on the earth. Nobody like him, brother Mercy. Nobody like Job. Have you considered him? He's such he's such a fine example of a Christian. Praise God. He's such a wonderful message believer. But down on the earth, he's got You got anything else for me? Anything else you want to say? What else? Uh, I got all these questions. You want to answer any? Can you answer one of them, please? Hallelujah. I'll demand it and then you answer me. Verse eight. Wilt thou also disenol judgment? So, see, Job was judging God harshly, the wrong way. Wilt thou condemn me that thou mayest be righteous? Hallelujah. So other words, God's saying, you're fighting against me. You're speaking against me. You're making yourself more righteous than I am. And we've all, I'm sure all of us have thought that at some point. God, this is not how I wanted my life to go. &gt;&gt; God, this was not in my plans. God don't care about your plans. Hallelujah. God didn't ask you for your plans. God didn't ask you, "Did you want to be born in Leodysia? Do you want to be born in 2000?" God didn't ask Tulsi, "Do you want to be born in 2025?" Liel, did you want to be born? Nope. God's got a plan. We can trust God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And then he asks all these great questions. Verse nine, do you have an arm like God? Do you have do you have strength like God? Verse nine. Or canst thou thunder with a voice like him? Go ahead, Job. Let me hear your thunder. I'm in pain. That's all, church. That's all we can muster. And God is showing us how insignificant, how little we are, how great he is. &gt;&gt; He breaks into the behemoth. Verse 15. Now, this is my best guess for the behemoth, children. So, it's probably the Gigantosaurus because that's the biggest fossil they found. Okay, the Gigantosaurus. That's at least according to Google. All right, I could be wrong. But here's a a man's height. Now, the man isn't even up to his his knee. That's kind of like Tulsi, you know, or Ellie there. If you stood him up, they're probably not up to your knee. And God asks him about the behemoth. Verse 19, he's the chief of the ways of God. He hath made him. I'm sorry. He that made him can make him his sword to approach unto him. Surely the mountains bring him forth food. So where does he go to eat? The mountains. Because the valleys and the plains don't have enough food for him. He's got to go up to the mountains. He lith under the shady trees and the covert of the reed and ferns. Verse 23. Behold, he drinkketh up a river. When he gets thirsty, he's got to go to the river. He don't go to the water fountain. He goes to the river and hasteth not. He trustth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth. He taketh it with his eyes. His nose pierces through snares. Then in chapter 41, he breaks into the Leviathan. Now, this hopefully this isn't too scary for the kids, but it's quite a it's quite an intimidating description here in the scripture. It's a sea dragon. And God said, "Can you draw him out with a hook, or can you get him with a cord? Could you pull this out of the sea? Can you put a hook in his nose? Can you bore his jaw through with a thorn? Will he make Will he beg you and make supplications unto you to please don't bother him? Will he speak soft words unto you? Will he make a covenant with you? Will you make him for a servant forever?" In verse four, will you will you play with him as a ver a bird? In verse five, will you bind him for your maidens? Do your little girls want to play with him? My Look at verse Look at verse 19 just so to see what we see what kind of creature this is. Out of his mouth go burning lamps and sparks of fire leap out. So this was a firebreathing sea serpent, we'd say, or sea creature. Now I might not be a sea serpent but we get the idea of scales and this is God's final statement. Hallelujah. He says behold he holdeth I'm sorry. He beholdeth all the high things. He is king over all the children of pride. So he takes Job on this tour down to hell through the oceans. He takes him up to the highest stars, constellations, and then he ends with a Gigantosaurus, and he ends with a Leviathan, the sea serpent, and said, "He's the king of all of it, Job." And then God goes away. God's done. Well, I'm still sick. I still I'm penniless. I don't got any money in my pockets. I'm I'm still broken. I'm hurting. God didn't answer one of his questions. Church, let's not be discouraged if God doesn't answer our prayers. There has to be some purpose for it. Praise God. Now, just for so the children know, this is this is this is real. This is a real creature because there's such a thing as a bombader beetle. If you haven't seen the bombader beetle, look it up. He makes sparks fly out of his mouth and he's just a real tiny beetle. I've showed it to my kids at school. A real small little beetle and he can shoot sparks of fire. If that's a little if that what kind of sparks would the Leviathan get if a little bombader beetle can shoot sparks out to scare away its enemies. It just it's proof that God had something like this. Now, the flood probably killed him off somehow. I don't know. I'm just I'm just presuming there. But all these creatures are real. God doesn't lie. God doesn't tell myths. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah, children. All right, Job 42. I'm almost done here by God's grace. So after all this virtual tour of the universe and finishing with the two greatest beasts on the earth, right? One a water beast and one a land beast. Then Job answered the Lord and said, verse two, 42 verse2, I know that thou can't do everything. You can do it all, God. In other words, if God wants to bring me money, God will do it. If God wants to bring me good health, God will do it. But if God wants to give me children, God will do that, too. If God wants to give me good sleep at night, he'll do that. It's up to God. Hallelujah. No thought can be withholded from thee. Verse three, who is he that hideth counsel without knowledge? Therefore have I uttered that I understood not things too wonderful for me which I knew not. Here I beseech thee and I will speak. I will demand of thee and declare thou unto me. I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now mine eye seeth. Wherefore I abhore myself and repent in dust and ashes. So this is what God wanted out of this whole situation. out of the tour of the universe, God wanted a servant that would trust him and realize God's greater than me. God knows things I don't know, and I just need to humble myself and keep repenting of my sins. Hallelujah. God didn't answer one of his questions, but God gave him 75, 71, somewhere around there. 70 questions that Job couldn't answer. And we can't really answer either. Hallelujah. Now you the Now look at verse seven. Now God switches back to being on Job's side. It seems like right now God was on Job's side the whole time, but it didn't seem like it. Verse seven. And it was so that after the Lord had spoken these words unto Job, the Lord said unto Elephaz, the Temonite, "My wrath is kindled against thee and against thy two friends, for they have not spoken of me the thing that is right as my servant Job had." Now look, God recognized Job said some good things, right? the repentance, right? But God when he come down, he said, "Job, you said a lot of bad things, too." See, church, it just shows God is going to rebuke us. He's going to correct us for our evil words. But God also keeps record of our good words as well. &gt;&gt; Our times we praise God. The times we give God glory, the time we say, "I love you, Lord, no matter what you allow, I'll still serve you." God sees the good things as well. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Look at verse eight. This reminds you of Abraham. Therefore, take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams and go to my servant Job and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering, and my servant Job shall pray for you. For him will I accept. What? God's going to only accept these people if one of his servants pray for them. Doesn't that remind you of Abraham? God told Pharaoh, "Go have Abraham pray for you and that disease will leave your house." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. See now, now, now we see how much God loves his servants. &gt;&gt; And church, how much God hears your prayers, &gt;&gt; whether they're answered the way you want or not, lest I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken to me that thing which is right, like my servant Job. But remember, Job had said some wrong things, too. But God forgives that because Job repented and he recognizes the right things Job did say. Hallelujah. Look at verse 10. Here's the comeback. And the Lord turned the captivity of Job when he prayed for his friends. Now, how did he get the victory? He prayed for his persecutors. Hallelujah. In other words, church, if you're suffering is if someone's hurt you, you have to pray for them with the love of Jesus Christ in your heart. Because what what what does that show? That shows you've got the victory over anger, right? Over jealousy or whatever it may be. You've got the victory over that. In other words, you trust God. God's in control of my persecutors. God's in control of those who speak evil against me. God's in control of that. And if I can ask for God's mercy on them, then God will bless me. Because I've not taken the wrong spirit, I've taken the right spirit. Church is so hard. Sometimes our mothers, our fathers, our grandpas, our uncles have been so mean to us. And it's real pain. The Bible said a broken spirit or wounded spirit, who can bear in the book of Proverbs. But yet God still expects us to get to the spot. And I'll say like this, God's going to bring us to the spot where we can forgive those who've sinned against us. When did Job's victory come? When did the comeback happen? When he learned to forgive those who had hurt him. &gt;&gt; I know numerous people who still can't forgive people in their life from the past. And one of them recently told me it's like a cloud that hangs over them. It's a cloud. Church, if we want forgiveness, we've got to extend it. &gt;&gt; Things started changing when Job could forgive. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Things will start changing for you and I when we can forgive others as well. Pray for others. Don't you love that, man? And what the Lord do? The Lord also gave Job twice as much as he had before. Now, we all wish that pertain to us, don't don't we? Oh, God could double my income. Oh my, that'd be wonderful. Well, sure. Let me go through it. No, I don't think you understand what you're saying. I don't think you understand. This shows the mercy of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, not not everybody gets this, right? I think it was Jere Yeah, Jeremiah died. He was stoned uh by the Jews, his own people. Isaiah was sawed with saw. So, did Job get twice as much as he had? I'm sorry. Did Isaiah get twice as much as he had before? No. Not everybody gets this. But this shows the goodness of God. This shows when we go through trials, if we can just forgive, if we can just realize how little we are, if we can just get the victory, God will give us a new season. Praise the Lord. I'm going to close with this here. Give me about uh when I say close, it's about 15 minutes. Okay, so let me set the timer here. You've been a good faithful uh audience. Appreciate you pulling on the word of God. Let me just remind you that God cares about every detail of our lives. Jesus said in Matthew 10:30, "Even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not, therefore, for you are more valuable, I'm sorry, more value than many sparrows." God has all your hairs counted. Job 14:5, "Seeing his days are determined, the number of his months are with thee, thou hast appointed his bonds that he cannot pass." Hallelujah. God's determined everything about your life, the timing of your life. God has it all planned out. Psalm 139:16, "Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect, and in thy book all my members were written, which in continuence were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them." So God saw everything we become before we became here on the earth. Hallelujah. Before we were here, God saw all of us. Church, God knows your thoughts even before you say them. You ever been in a conversation? I wonder what I'm going to say next. What can I say to that? What can I God already knows what you're going to say. &gt;&gt; Psalm 139:4. For there's not a word in my tongue, but oh Lord, thou knowest it altogether. God knows when you get up and when you lie down. I think about that in the morning. Mercy. When I get up, I I roll out of bed. I take my first two steps. I'm reminded of this verse that God saw my steps. &gt;&gt; It's in Psalm 139 verse 2 and three. Thou knowest my downsitting. So God knows when you sit down. God knows when you sit down for the service and your uprising. Thou understandest my thought a far off. Thou compass my path and my lying down and art acquainted with all my ways. God knows everything about your day. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He knows everything you went through. He knows what you're going to face this afternoon. He knows about the week coming up. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He said you're more valuable than sparrows. You're more valuable than the birds. Jesus said in Matthew 6:26, "Are ye not much more than they? Aren't you more valuable?" He said, "Than the fowls of the air." Church, God has placed a great value on each one of our lives. There's a testimony he wants to bring out of our lives. You know, there's actually a verse where it seems like God catches your tears in a bottle in heaven. Pull that up there. Psalm 56:8, if you put that up there. Sometimes you wonder, "Oh, I Brother Jesse, I even cried. I I prayed so much. I cried about this and still it hasn't changed." God saw it. God heard the prayer. Thou tell us my wonderings. Put thou my tears in thy bottle. Are they not in thy book? So God's got a book of all your life. And he knew you'd cry in this chapter. Uh, he knew you'd have joy the next chapter. Hallelujah. He's got it. He's got it all under control, church. Psalm 37:23, the steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord, and he delightth in his ways. See, God delighted in Job's life. God delights in your life as well. Proverbs 5:21, "For the ways of man are before the eyes of the Lord, and he ponderth all of his goingings." So, God knew about Malachi getting into this career of uh construction, but God knows if there's something different coming down the road. God knew Chris would move this year. Hallelujah. Relocate. God knew that. And God knows the next place you might go, too. He's He's got it all under control. If he can get that uh if he can get that do ready for you to walk in, he'll get the next house ready for you as well. Praise God. He knows how to do it. He prepares it everything. Everything. He makes everything perfect in his time. Church, God foretold Cyrus that Cyrus would come and allow Israel to build their temple 200 years before he even was born. 200 years God predicted it. God knew him by name 200 years before he was even born. It's in Isaiah 44:28. that saith of Cyrus, he's my shepherd, and will perform all my pleasure, even to saying to Jerusalem, thou shalt be built into the temple, thy foundation shall be laid. Josiah was foretold 300 years before he was born. Church, what am I trying to get you to see? God knew you'd be here right now in Akran at this time in 225, 2025. God knew you about here. He knew your name. He knew the hairs on your head. He saw your value to serve him. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He's trustworthy. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He's got everything under control. &gt;&gt; I think I told that to Brendan in college. I used to I used to sit up and waste my nights like, "Oh, who am I going to, you know, should I marry Kristen or what am I going to do after college?" And I used to just worry myself crazy. What should I do? Should I get engaged? What should I do? Am I the right one for her? Is she the right one? I'd spend all my time worrying. And now look, all these years later, I can't wait to go to bed. Hallelujah. can hardly get me to stay up and worry because I'm running around chasing all these nine. Well, not all nine, but I don't have to chase around the adults anymore. It's a joy to have children. But I look back and say and think, why was I so worried? You know, we had that little house there in Chicago Falls and I was so worried. Oh, we not going to be able to get a house and not going to have enough room and I forgot about the glory of bunk beds. You can keep a lot of kids in a house with just a lot of bunk beds, brother Mercy. Right. You know, I was questioning God and how's it going to work out and worrying about all these things and the creator of the universe is standing outside of it. I've got due for you ready in the morning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I've got treasure houses of snow. I'll send it right on Christmas. We'll have a white Christmas. He's got everything under control. &gt;&gt; Yet, I'll sit up and worry about what's going to happen. Can I trust God? Did God hear my prayers or not? Did God hear my prayer? Does God know about me? He knew about me before I even came on the scene. Hunt before the foundation of the world. I was chosen. Maybe Brendon's never seen this one. Pull up Ephesians 4 1:4. This one meant a lot to me when I first became a new Christian buddy. I realized where God chose me to serve him. It wasn't when I came to church. God chose me to serve him in his mind before the foundation of the world. So when he told Job, "Where were you when I founded founded the earth?" In other words, God would have said, "You were in my mind, Job. You were already my servant in my mind when I founded the world. So you have nothing to worry about. If you're in my mind, you'll come. If you were in my mind, come down to earth, you'll come back to me in heaven. According as he hath chosen all of us where in him we were chosen in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy. That means separate. separate from the things of the world and without blame before him in love. Serve the Lord Jesus Christ with all your love. And if there's any blame, confess it. If you do anything wrong, just confess it. Try to live a life blameless where I just love people. I love God. I'm a real Christian and people see me as a Christian. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Josiah was foretold. Messa uh uh Jesus Christ was foretold 6 thou or 4,000 years before he come on the scene. Hallelujah. Thy seed shall bruise the head of the serpent. Hallelujah. And thou shalt bruise his heel. 4,000 years he was told. John the Baptist was foretold over 700 years. Isaiah said, "There'll be a voice of him that crith in the wilderness, prepare you the way of the Lord, make straight the desert, a highway for our God." And Mary was also foretold 700 years. Behold, a virgin shall conceive. Amen. Hallelujah. and church, God knows we'd come on the scene as well. So, in closing, God's prophet, Brother Brandham, he uh died in 1965. That's our church is kind of founded on his Bible teachings. So, like, you know, some people quote Billy Graham, the Christian Missionary Alliance, they quote Billy Graham because he's their founder. William Brandham is kind of the founder of this movement, this Christian movement by God's grace. He said, "Job knew he'd not sin because he come upon the basis of God's word." In other words, Job knew God forgave all of his sins. He come upon the basis of the shed blood knowing that God required a blood sacrifice and blood was what Job offered. Knowing that God could not refuse it. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Church, &gt;&gt; do you realize there's something here today that God can't refuse? How many want to be accepted by God today? There's something you can use that you know God can't refuse. Hallelujah. That's a nice little rhyme there. There's something you can use God can't refuse. It's the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. In other words, confess all your sin and say, "Jesus, forgive me by the blood that you shed." You know, God can't refuse that. Hallelujah. Because that was his provided way to take away all sin. Hallelujah. Praise God. He said the whole picture is a perfect revelation of God's love. Men have all these sins. What can we do with these sins? We can take them to God and God will pay for them with the blood of his own son. &gt;&gt; And then we can know God receives me. God can't refuse my sacrifice. And then God will see you and I Haven God will see us nature in heaven as being perfect just like Job. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He said, "Job wasn't trusting in his own merits." Church, church, don't trust in how much you read your Bible this week or how much you prayed. You should do that. You're going to get weak if you don't do that. You're going to get wrestled down if you don't do that. But we don't trust in that as far as being accepted to be saved because we're saved by grace. He said, "Job wasn't trusting in his own merits, but he'd met God's requirement because he stood on the blood sacrifice." Yes, sir. He know that he was righteous because he was meeting God's requirement. He said, "And then you notice if you'll just keep holding out, stand on the blood, don't take nothing else." He said, "Belong to your denomination. That's all right." He said, "Education, science, that's all right. But first, place yourself on the blood. That's the only place of fellowship is the blood. &gt;&gt; Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. Thank you for your patience. &gt;&gt; I trust the Holy Spirit spoke something to your heart today about trusting the Lord. How many want to trust the Lord more? &gt;&gt; We can trust him with our lives. Uh play that. I trust in God. Trust in God, my savior. We sang that on Wednesday. So friends, before we pray, if you want fellowship with God, if you want forgiveness from God, if you want peace from God, there is something we can access today that God cannot refuse. It's the blood of Jesus Christ. God can't refuse you if you just come and say, "I abhore myself." Or, "Lord, I'm vile. I'm sinful. Forgive me for saying those things. Forgive me. I did this yesterday. God, forgive me what I did last week. God, forgive me. Accept me. God can't refuse the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Think about your life just for a moment. Church, I want everybody here to leave here knowing you've met God's requirement. You have peace with God. You can trust God. No matter how your life's going, whether you like it or whether you don't, you have something you can do about it, you can trust in him. You can confess all your sins. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. You can say, "God, I know like Job, you can do all things. Nothing is hidden from your sight. Nothing is out of your control. You placed me here for a purpose, God, and you will accomplish your purpose in my life." Hallelujah. Praise God. Lord, there's something that we can do where you will accept us in the beloved. The Bible says, friends, just think about your life just for a moment. Is there anything you need to confess to the Lord? You don't have to confess it to me. Is there anything you need to confess? Sometimes we say things about God without thinking about it. God heard it. Maybe God's bringing it back to our remembrance today to ask for forgiveness. [Music] We don't want to walk with clouds over our heads. We'd say we want to be free. Hallelujah. We want to have the peace of God hovering over us. Praise God. Let us pray. Father God, I thank you for today. Thank you for the patience of your people, Lord. I'm always long-winded on Sundays and I just have all these thoughts from your word. I want to pour it out of my soul, Lord God, because I believe this, Lord. I know it's hard and I cry because, Lord, I struggle at times and I I question you, Lord God. I wonder why is God allowing this? Why hasn't God done this, Lord? Why haven't you done that? And Lord, I just want to say I'm a vile person at times, Lord God. I'm very insignificant. I'm little. I'm nothing. I'm vile. And sometimes it'd be better if I just put my hand over my mouth. Lord, forgive me of the times I've said wrong things. I thought I could run my life better. Lord, I couldn't. I couldn't do nothing. I can't hardly control anything. But Lord, you control all things. You've numbered the hairs of our heads. Lord God, we're more valuable than sparrows. Lord God, you chose us in your mind before the foundation of the world. That's where we come from. So that's where we're going back to. We're going back to you. going back to heaven where we come from. Lord Jesus, be with your people today. Lord, if there's any that need prayer, Lord, we'll be happy to pray with them. Lord, I just desire everyone to trust you with their lives, whether good or bad or difficult or persecution, peril, famine, tribulation, whatever it may be. Lord, may they remember that nothing can separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Give us a heart, Lord, that wants to serve you and love you, Lord God. Make us thankful today, Lord, for all that we do have, Lord God. Hallelujah. Grant it, Lord Jesus. You are the great creator of the cosmos, Lord God. Earth, land, sea, sky, the universe, Lord God, the stars, the planets. Lord God, you've got that all under control. Lord, you are the great almighty God. We trust you today. We'll sing this song where we trust in God, our savior. You saved us by the blood of Jesus Christ. May we remember, Lord, that you accept the blood of Jesus Christ to forgive all a l all of our sins. We don't have to walk in sin. We don't have to walk in darkness. We want to walk in the light today. Granted, I pray in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, "Let's sing the song. If anyone needs prayer, I'll be happy
