################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-04 - (9-3-25) The Masterpiece, Pt. 5 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-04
Title:   (9-3-25) The Masterpiece, Pt. 5 - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Lk8g7YsmfA
========================================

piece, I thought, well, I'll try to preach something similar to her, you know, that she'd be a little familiar with, you know, by God's grace. Uh, so I hope this would be a blessing here tonight. Uh, Matthew, I'm sorry, Mark chapter 4, pardon me, Mark chapter 4, we'll start at verse 26. Actually, here by God's grace, Mark 4:26. Uh so look at the masterpiece part five. Um God's prophet brother Brandham said that this concept of the wheat plant growing in three stages was his masterpiece and he was looking at the church history uh for the last 500 years beginning with Martin Luther and he saw Martin Luther as a mighty messenger of God John Wesley and then he didn't name himself but he he described his ministry and we believe his ministry would be this third stage by the grace of God. All true prophets of God are humble, right? So, we wouldn't expect brother just to come out and say it, but we can see the scriptures he pointed to by God's grace. Hallelujah. Uh Mark 4:26. So, I'll read 26 27 28. We can read uh verse 29. By God's grace, and he said, "So is the kingdom of God. As if a man should cast seed into the ground, and should sleep and rise night and day, and the seed should spring up and grow, he knoweth not how. So the Lord Jesus is saying the kingdom of God, the New Testament, the kingdom of God is going to be like a man sewing a seed. He doesn't know how it grows necessarily. He knows all that it needs in order to get it to grow, but he doesn't know how it grows. Verse 28, for the earth bringeth forth fruit of herself. And here's the three steps Jesus taught us. First the blade, then the ear. After that the full corn in the ear. But when the fruit is brought I'm sorry. Let's read for 29 together. Ready? 1 2 3. But when the fruit is brought forth, immediately he putth in the sickle because the harvest is come. May God add his blessing to reading of his word. You can be seated by God's grace. Okay. So, you can just put this uh I'm just going to do a reminder up here. uh when we looked at the masterpiece. Hopefully, it'll work, you know, and they're never guaranteed with uh technology. Okay. Glory. It's nice to get a little bit of cooperation. All right. Praise God. So, again, I just want to say I missed everybody this past weekend. Hopefully, you missed me. I missed you. And uh we had some good services there uh in Napoleon. A couple people come up for prayer and said how the the messages were really uh timely. I preached on uh we wrestle not against flesh and blood on Saturday night. Same thing I preached to hear by God's grace to our saints. And then Sunday morning I preached on uh the perfection of Job's spirit. Again, preached on Job. My wife said they're kind of like summaries of all the series, just the highlights. Uh I didn't didn't think I got too much new revelation. One fresh thought I had was that uh the queen of the south in order for her to cross the desert to see Solomon, she had to put on uh the feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace. So I just it's really beautiful to see how she had to put on the armor of God as well. I'll say like this all the armor that was available for her day. Hallelujah. Because she had to travel that distance and she had to be ready to travel and leave everything behind. And if she was a queen, she had to leave either the king behind or her father behind or whoever all the royalty had to leave behind all of her idols in order to find the gift of God for her day, which was Solomon's gift. Hallelujah. And then God would use that woman, that little old woman, we'd say, or little young, sorry, little young woman, I better say. I don't like using old woman in the same sentence. Uh God would use that sweet little young woman and judge all those Pharisees of Jesus day, condemn them to hell based upon her faith. Quite a testimony, right? Quite a beautiful testimony there from the Queen of the South. So, that was something that was a little fresh to me uh by the grace of the Lord. Now, here we can see that God is uh restoring the church uh uh from the time of Martin Luther to today. We we know he's restoring. Every historian will admit there's a reformation, right? There's a reformation that took place in uh the 1500s with Martin Luther. It's it's not even debatable, right? Everybody knows the church got into s such corruption and I'll just give you you know four uh I'm sorry five simple examples of the corruption that was in the Roman Catholic church the Anglican church uh the reason why Martin Lu Luther felt he had to reform the church. Okay. Uh the first one was the corruption and abuse of power. Uh the church and politics had been combined. Right? So the politics uh was run by the church. Okay. And then uh of course the the church was corrupted by wealth and its secular power. The bishops and popes often lived in luxury with many uh parishioners who were poor. So the preachers preachers maybe the priests they got richer and richer while the people got poor and poor. That's not how the that's not how the church should operate. Praise God. Right? Uh the Bible says Jesus said remember the poor that are among you and help them out. Praise God. Hallelujah. And so we know that's one the the the the clergy was totally corrupted. Martin Luther saw that. And one of the ways they became corrupted was they used indulgences. And you can look this up. It's historically accurate. Uh they sold indulgences where which were certificates promising a reduced time in purgatory. Now purgatory is a false doctrine as well, but they'd built so many false doctrines that they could build upon their false doctrines. Um, and so they'd have less time in purgatory if they would pay and buy these indulgences. And Martin Luther, of course, uh, uh, chided them for that, rebuked them for that. And so they would sell, you know, uh, they'd sell the ability to be forgiven for murder perhaps or adultery or fornication. They could pay money. You could pay money to slap a priest in the face. I heard that in one of the historical writings. Uh they were trying to sell people's way to heaven. And the gospel doesn't operate that way. You can't buy your way to heaven. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You don't buy it. You surrender to it. Praise God. You confess your sins. The Bible said Jesus went preaching forth and he said, "Repent for the kingdom is at hand." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So the real gospel, yes, if you slapped a priest or you murdered or adultery or fornication, the real gospel is repent of that and get a new heart so you'll never do it again. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's the real gospel. It changes the heart. It changes you from a heart of stone to a heart of flesh. Hallelujah. Thank God we have hearts of flesh. Hallelujah. Amen. The gospel has changed our hearts to not want to do those evils again. Another one was the a distorted gospel. It became a worksbased gospel. Uh you know in those days in the Anglican church and the Catholic church, it wasn't just saved by grace through faith. It was saved by grace and your works and your ability to do uh um the works. I can't remember the words not coming to me right now, but you had to do the works. Oh, the uh oh, it just struck my mind there and I forgot it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you know it. I don't. [Laughter] &gt;&gt; We We used to know it. I've forgotten that. Um I can't yeah I can't think of that word. But they'd always built upon it wasn't enough to believe. You had to do certain actions on top of it. Now church, we know if somebody really gets saved, they'll want to do the works of God &gt;&gt; because the Bible says faith without works is dead. &gt;&gt; So if you do ever get the love of God in your heart and you get a new heart, you'll want to do something for the Lord, but your works never saved you. &gt;&gt; The blood of Jesus Christ saved you. Hallelujah. And then the Bible said God even gave you that faith to be saved as a gift from God. Hallelujah. So salvation is a gift altogether. Praise God. But that was distorted by the sacraments. There it is. Sacraments. That's the word I was looking for. They have to do so many sacraments in order to be saved or prove that they're saved. Okay. One of them is their baptism, the sprinkling and so forth. Uh some of them might go full immersion. Most do sprinkling today as far as I understand at least in America. Uh and now the the the fourth one was uh the authority of scripture versus tradition. Uh the church in Luther's day got to the spot where tradition was almost more powerful than just the scripture itself. &gt;&gt; Okay? So if a if a previous pope or some church leader, some church father had exalted some type of tradition, then they would take that even if the Bible didn't say it, they would take that. &gt;&gt; Now a modern one, a modern uh tradition is that Mary didn't die. She ascended straight to heaven and she was ever virgin. That's a modern one that uh in the 1900s, so the 20th century, one of the popes made that one of their new traditions. And so it doesn't matter what the Bible said to them because they made this new tradition. Tradition is even exalted probably higher than scripture. &gt;&gt; But the Bible said Mary had at least seven children through Joseph, &gt;&gt; right? Hallelujah. And so uh you know we we we take the scripture. The scripture is our absolute, not tradition. &gt;&gt; And church, there's nothing wrong with a tradition as long as it doesn't break the word of God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Nothing wrong with tradition. Uh just has to be with the word. Like I said last week, remember looked at last week, what's our tradition? We start with prayer, right? Singing, preaching, more prayer. That's just a tradition. We don't have a thus sayith the Lord. That's how we're supposed to do every service. We're just going by tradition. So uh but you know it would be wrong if we said this is the only way to do it. Everything else is evil and we'll condemn everything else. But we don't do that. Praise God. You have your service however you feel led to do it. Just make sure you're praying, worshiping, uh repenting of sins, offering prayer for the people, preaching the word of God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Then you have feet washing and communion as you feel led of the Lord. Hallelujah. Because the Bible didn't say you had to do that every time either. Praise God. It's a it's a fine tradition. If people want to do communion every service, that's wonderful. But just just just don't ever uh say, "Well, you've got all the truth and nobody else." Praise God. &gt;&gt; Because that that becomes a a denomination, right? That becomes a the unbending way. And then you start condemning other people that are against you. Now, do I condemn certain beliefs? Yes. I'm not condemning the people. I'm condemning the evil spirits that brought the beliefs. Amen. &gt;&gt; I believe Catholics, Lutheran, Methodist, Baptist, I believe they can all be saved, but they're not saved by their denomination. And we're not saved by our beliefs as far as uh following William Brandon. We're not saved by that. We're saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Thank God. Hallelujah. God is good. Amen. And then one more. Uh they had clerical issues. Uh the priests were required to remain celibate and yet Peter's mother-in-law was healed by Jesus. See, again, you get the Catholic tradition like it's it's it's greater than the Bible. &gt;&gt; They say popes can't marry. Their first pope was married. It it's just total contradiction. &gt;&gt; It it it's trying it's it's a it's a it's sinking sands. In other words, they have no foundation. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because the scriptur is not their solid rock. Their tradition is their solid rock. &gt;&gt; All right. Now, we got to be careful as a pastor and as you know as our church, we got to be careful not to let our traditions become unbending and and uh and criticize anyone who's against a tradition that we have. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Because this this celibacy became such an issue and look at the problems it's caused. When I wrote my book uh 2021, there just came out the study from Pennsylvania. They studied the um all the Catholic parishes just in a few cities in Pennsylvania. friends, there was thousands of abuse cases and it stems from these men, the priests, and the women, nuns, even nuns, abusing people because they're taking this tradition above the word of God. &gt;&gt; Now, you would think, you would think common sense would say, "Well, just get rid of your tradition. Come back to the Bible." But they won't do it, right? And again, I'm not condemning the people, but it's the system. And so, you know, Martin Luther saw all this and said, "Something's got to change." Amen. Praise God. And our church, if we see something in our life, we should look at our lives and say, "Lord, if something's out of order in my life, it needs to change." &gt;&gt; Because we can become self-righteous. We can become Pharisees. We can become Sadducees in the message here. We we we anybody can do that if if they fail to really recognize and be honest that I need help in my life. I'm not perfect. I need constantly the Holy Spirit's direction. I need repentance constantly. And I want to serve God in sincerity and in truth. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's right. Now, those are just five examples. Remember how many how many how many did Martin Luther nail good, buddy? Good. 95. Almost 100. 95 thesis or arguments against the Catholic Church. He nailed them to the the the church door in Wittenberg in Germany. 95. I just gave you five. Okay. So, Martin Luther was a reformer. So, it's undeniable by history, God is trying to restore the church. God's trying to let the wheat grain go back to its full grain. Hallelujah. He's trying to get this the kingdom of God. The kingdom of God needs to grow back in three stages. Right? Now, I put a fourth one in there because brother Ram kind of brings it out. He just brings it out for the sake of history. Okay? So, uh the Lutheran really restored justification. Okay. Then uh sorry then John Wesley come around and restored sanctification. You got to live a sanctified or a purified life. That's what the word means. &gt;&gt; Okay? You got to live pure and and he emphasized uh daily living of of clean living, right? Not getting drunk, not doing tobacco and alcohol and all these things. Living a clean life. Hallelujah. And then the Pentecostals uh they emphasize the gifts of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Right? And that's what I was raised. I was raised in a Pentecostal church. Uh, every week there was tongues and interpretation. I don't know. I just can't I don't know. I don't know the people. I don't know how accurate it was. But I have met a lot of people that just pretend to speak in tongues. I've met a lot of people. &gt;&gt; Not everybody does it, but I met a lot of people that even told me they pretended to speak in tongues because of all the pressure. Right now, the way you know it's genuine is if you speak in a tongue and then an interpretation comes. And I'm talking about in a in a congregation. That's how you know it's genuine. If you speak in an unknown tongue and then somebody tells you the English meaning of that unknown tongue, right? That's how you know it's genuine. Or if you're just doing it in your prayer closet and and something supernatural happens because of that. Let's say you spoke in an unknown tongue and then somebody comes to your heart, you text them and you're praying for them and then God somehow helps them out, &gt;&gt; maybe heals them or something like that, right? You or or the Bible says when you speak in tonesues, it edifies yourself or you feel edified after speaking in tonesues. Not because I tried to pretend to speak in tongues, &gt;&gt; right? Like these my friends have told me and they've told me that in tears. They were so honest. They were just pretending to do it because the preacher said, "You had to do it, but you don't have to, right?" Uh but I was a benefit of that, you know, because uh uh my mother was healed of cancer. So because she saw the the real gifts operate, she had faith. Uh, and one of her friends woke up that morning in 1988 and she said, uh, the Holy Spirit said, uh, go tell Ruby, uh, Psalm 118. So, let's go to Psalm 118. I'll just read that just to to show again that because these people, you know, because the Pentecostals believed in the supernatural, it's a Psalm 100 118:17. I forget the name of that woman. I have to ask my mom, but she said the Holy Spirit told her, "Go tell Ruby Psalm 118:17, tell her she's going to be healed of cancer." Now, that's quite a something to tell somebody. But see, be because this woman believed in tongues and gifts and all these things, she believed God could talk to her. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Ain't that beautiful? God can talk to you. And the verse says, now you can uh you can put that up there, honey. Uh sorry, I should have done that earlier, but it says, "I shall not die, but live and declare the works of the Lord." &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, I don't know how long it was. My mom just received it right away, but then my dad told me the story. They're going to do surgery to try to take some of the cancer out. My dad said that night while she was sleeping, my dad laid his hand right where the cancer was and he felt a hot sensation and he just stepped back and went to bed. The next day they opened her up, she's got the scar to this day and they couldn't find any cancer &gt;&gt; and they let her go. My dad said, "The first day home there at my grandma Ruby's grandma Emma's house, she danced out to the mailbox to get the mail. She was so full of the joy of the Lord. Now, that warm sensation is special because I remember I went out to Iowa last summer. I told the testimony to the Napoleon saints and a a man, he was about 300 lb, comes up for prayer. This was back in 2021. And it was after I told the story when Kristen got healed. She could hardly walk on her knee, hardly bend, not hardly walk, hardly bend over, bend her knee. We were talking about maybe doing rehab and Kristen came up for prayer. Brian Hawkins prayed for her and uh Kristen said the next day she's like 95% better. By the end of the week she could she was fine. Her knee hasn't bothered her since after hardly being able to bend and kneel down. I told that testimony out in Iowa in 2001, right? Or 2021, sorry. This man, his name's Danny. He's about 300 lb. He comes up and he says, "I I appreciate that testimony about Kristen. My knees bother me too. I can't run anymore. I can't even play with my kids. I can't get down on the ground with my kids." I said, "Brother, do you believe?" I said, he said, "Yes, I just prayed. I didn't feel anything. I just prayed as sincere as I could." He said, "On the drive home," this is on a Saturday night. He's driving home on a Saturday night. He's driving, you know, in his acceleration knee. It was He said, "While he's accelerating, he feels a hot sensation on his knee." And he said, "Honey, what is this?" He told me the story and she said, "It must be God. Start praising God." Amen. So, she he starts praising God. He said, "When they get home, he got out and his knee was completely healed." Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "I haven't had any pain." And he said, "I I've lost 100 pounds now because I can run. I can walk. I can bend my knee." So, because of Kristen's testimony, this man heard the word of God, now he's got a testimony. Praise God. &gt;&gt; There's something with that burning sensation of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. My dad felt it. I don't know if Kristen felt it exactly or if God just did it, but then her testimony caused this man to feel that burning sensation of the Holy Ghost. Ah, the spirit of burning. Amen. The Holy Ghost coming on somebody and doing a supernatural work. It's just letting you know that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. I got about 20 minutes here. Okay, these are the shortest sermons I've preached in my life. It's kind of hard here. It should get easier each week, right, Malachi? It should get easier every week. If I know I got to do this every week, it should get easier. So I just thought you know with now uh yeah just with that visual I just want to go through that again and show this was brother Ram's masterpiece I just want to show you know again here uh you know why we believe we're at that wheat grain stage in other words however long it takes from from now you know brother's ministry uh till the rapture god is bringing that wheat seed to maturity okay now just so you know uh the Bible says The seed of God is the word of God. &gt;&gt; Okay? So, let's read that. Uh because we're born again of the incorruptible seed of God. Let's go there. First Peter 1:23, if you got your Bible, 1 Peter 1:23. So, if if if Brother Brandham's right, which he's quoting Jesus, right? Brother wasn't always right. But if he's right about Jesus's parable of the kingdom of God, about go Jesus restoring the church in three stages, then the final stage will be full wheat seed or full word of God. Right? In other words, there's less there's less man-made traditions as time goes on. And then by the end, it's back the gospel, the kingdom of God is back to the full restoration of the wheat seed. Hallelujah. So hope that makes sense. by God's grace. Okay, let's read that. Ready? One, two, three. Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of the incorruptible by the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever. Amen. So, a Christian that's born again, it's like they have when they have the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost is like a seed, right? It's like just just like Jesus talked, right? It's got to be uh the the uh the sprout, the tassel, and then the seed, right? And so when you're born again, it's like you have the seed of God in you. You've got the word of God in you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And but then if the church if the church has come got to come back to the seed condition, then she's got to have all the word restored back to her. She has to have the word restored. And we see that in numerous places in the New Testament as well. Remember Martin Luther was basically saying God has to restore what we started with at the beginning of the church age, right? We need reformed back to what they had. And that's what brother Ram is saying. That wheat seed came from a wheat seed. The seed's going to come back to the seed. That's what seeds do. They produce more seed. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So that's what Martin Luther was essentially saying. We've got to get back to that original condition. And the wheat plant is the symbol for it. Hallelujah. The wheat seed will produce more seed. Hallelujah. All right. So let's read a couple there. Um, uh, Acts chapter 3:20. Let's go to Acts 3:20. Acts chapter 3 20 and 21. Now, this verse is beautiful. Of course, they're all that way, but um, this one says that the heavens must keep Jesus until everything's restored. Right? In other words, Jesus will not leave heaven's throne until the church is restored back to its original condition. Right? So, this this prophecy has been laying here in the Bible for almost 2,000 years. But now, we can see why. Oh, yeah. Jesus said the kingdom of God has to come back to the seed condition. It's got to produce a seed. Martin Luther said it's got to be reformed. We got to bring it back to its original condition. Hallelujah. Now, verse 20. And he shall send Jesus Christ, who was preached, I'm sorry, which before was preached unto you. Now, here it is. Whom the heavens must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God has spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began. So, this is Jesus says, I'm sorry, uh this is uh Luke recording this in the book of Acts. Luke is saying since the beginning of time, the prophets is saying that the end's not going to come until everything's restored. Hallelujah. And that's what Martin Luther was saying. We got to be restored. John Weston was saying, "We got to be restored." Isuza Street was saying, "We got to be restored." Brother Brandon was saying, "We got to be what?" &gt;&gt; Restored. Praise God. Restored. Now, let's go to Matthew 17:11. Jesus says this again. Now, you got to read this real carefully because some people confuse uh the comingings of the spirit of Elijah. But if you're really careful, you'll see Matthew 17, we'll read uh 10 and 11. Matthew 17:10. And his disciples asked him, saying, "Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?" So, all the Jewish scribes are saying, "Elijah's got to come before the end time." And remember I told you I don't know if you remember this but even at the Passover that they celebrate in uh Israel I was I saw a video of a of an old Orthodox uh rabbi saying at the end of the Passover they always knock and Elijah comes back. See so there in other words the Jews they know Elijah's got to come back before the end time. Hallelujah. So they they're still asking him why do the scribes say Elijah's got to come back first? And Jesus answers in them, Elias truly shall first come and restore all things. So there's got to be a restoration. Hallelujah. Now, if you count the spirit of Elijah, it's used five times in the Bible. Elijah, Elisha, John the Baptist, we believe brother Brandham, and then it's going to be used in the tribulation period with Moses and Elijah coming back. So five times that spirit is on five men. Hallelujah. And so I believe this verse is speaking of brother Brandham, God's prophet, because that spear has to come back and restore all things just like Luther was trying to restore Wesley, William Seymour, William Brandham trying to restore us back to believe what's in the Bible. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Think about that. We're not we're not taking church tradition. We're just trying to go back to the Bible. &gt;&gt; Is the Bible enough, church? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The Bible's enough. Amen. Jesus said, "Thy word is truth." The Bible's enough. Hallelujah. We don't need any books added on to it. And shame on these people that want to add Brother Brandham's books onto the Bible. &gt;&gt; They are officially heretics. You cannot add one thing to this Bible. Hallelujah. Anybody that tries to say that, they're an absolute heretic because the Bible says you cannot add one word to the Bible or take one word away. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Okay. So Elijah has to come and restore all things. So in verse 11, Jesus said there's a future Elijah, right? So that was after Jesus. But then he says, John was a previous Elijah in verse 12. But I say unto you, so there's two. There's one that's future, one that's to come. But I say unto you that Elias has come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the son of man suffer of them. Okay, so we can see that. So can everybody see Jesus used the word what? Restore. and all things. So Elijah, the spirit of Elijah has to come to the church and restore all things. Just like that wheat plant, everything that was in that seed's got to come up through the wheat plant or grow up through the wheat plant and it's got to be restored all in that next seed. The whole life of it has to be restored and all the ne all the life will be in the seed, right? The shuck will die, rot away, the shuck will rot. Uh the the stalk will rot. All that will rot away. The life is in the seed. Can I say it like this? The life is in the word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. The life God's life is in this word. If we believe it, receive it, God's life now comes in us. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, what um what struck me most when I first heard the message was the teaching on the serpent seed. That's what struck me the most because that's the first thing that I heard. That's one of the truths that had to be restored at the end time. Now, Brother Ram says knowing the serpent seed doesn't save you. It doesn't save you. The blood of Jesus Christ saves you. &gt;&gt; But serpent seed, brother Ram says it shines more light on the thing that we're all trying to see. &gt;&gt; What are we trying to see, church? The Bible. What are we trying? We're trying to understand the Bible the right way. &gt;&gt; So, the teaching on the serpent seed, it shines more light. In other words, without the teaching on the serpent seed, your Bible's dark and can't really understand it. Hallelujah. But with it, but with the teaching on the serpent seed, you can understand the beginning. Hallelujah. And I'll say like this, you can understand the end as well. &gt;&gt; Because it this whole mess started with two different seeds in the Garden of Eden. &gt;&gt; And it's going to end with two different seeds at the end time. &gt;&gt; The children of God and the children of Satan. Now, at the beginning, it was a natural physical seed from a a serpent beast. But at the end time because you know Noah and all the intermaring they they intermarried with the physical serpent seed. Now everybody has this evil sin nature in them. And now God sending a spiritual seed that we must be born again from above. Hallelujah. In other words, thank God. Doesn't matter about your mom or dad or your grandma, your grandpa. Doesn't matter how bad they were. Doesn't anything like that. God's not God's not basing your salvation upon your physical seed or your genealogy. God's basing salvation on the spiritual seed, the spirit of God, the seed from heaven. That's what we need. We need the seed of God. We must be born again from above. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. I love that. Amen. It's so beautiful. It's a beautiful picture. Hallelujah. Well, let's look at that. Let's go to just quickly. I got about uh oh, 11 minutes. Boy, that clock, that busy body. Genesis 3:15. Let's just review this here briefly by God's grace. Most people don't know, but God is the one that originated the serpent seed. It wasn't brother Brandham. It wasn't me. It wasn't a man. It wasn't a woman. It was God. Right? God is talking here. God says, "I will put emnity or hatred between thee," that's the serpent, "and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed." So God, whatever fruit they ate of, it produced the serpent had a seed or offspring. Whatever fruit they ate of, now we know it wasn't physical fruit &gt;&gt; because whatever they ate of, it produced offspring. That word means offspring and her seed. Well, now the woman's got offspring. Huh? Eating an apple causes children to be born. No, we know better than that, don't we, church? But see, if people don't know that, then the then the Bible's dark. They think, "Oh, an apple caused all this." No, adultery caused all this. &gt;&gt; And who's the evil woman at the end? She's an adulterer. She's called in the book of Revelation at the end. Who is this? It's an adulterer. It's the mother harlot who rides upon the beast, the antichrist spirit. So adultery. See, it's adultery at the beginning. It's adultery at the end. Everybody see that? So God is the one whatever fruit they ate of it produced two offsprings already. You already have two sets of children in in three in 3:15. God says so. Now this is a prophecy of Jesus. Look, there's a semicolon. It shall bruise thy head. That's speaking of Jesus bruising the head of serp Satan's power. And thou shalt bruise his heel. Okay. So in Genesis 3, eating is symbolic for adultery. And that's found in uh Proverbs 30:20. Honey, you want to put that up there? And you of course you see it in the Song of Solomon as well. We see it in 2 Corinthians 11. Paul talks about Eve losing her virginity, right? And that was uh and Paul said, "I don't want your mind to be deceived like Eve lost her virginity." That's what Paul says. So Paul compares uh the church getting deceived as Eve losing her virginity. Paul says that. Okay. Such is the way of adulterous woman. She eateth what? Eat like like Genesis chapter 3. Eve and she wipeth her mouth and say, "I have done no wickedness." That's exactly what happened to Eve, right? She was deceived. She was deceived in her transgression. She didn't know what she was doing, but Adam knew what he was doing. That's what the Bible said, Brother Chris. Yeah. Yeah. Second Corinthians 11. Yes. Yes, sir. Yes. Good. I was I was thinking, how can I build upon that uh masterpiece and just show a couple things that this this is what spoke to me when I heard the message? You know, Simon's like, you got to listen to this. And I'm like, okay, Simon. Okay. And then as I heard it, I'm like my eyes I felt like I just felt like my eyes were spiritually opened. And remember this doesn't save me, but it just shines more light on what we're trying to understand, the restoration of the Bible, right? And you can look you, Brother Rod, I'm sure you've heard it. Uh I know Lydia's read it. A lot of Jews still to this day believe the fruit was adultery. Like a lot of Orthodox Jews believe that. So that means like that's an original truth that was lost through people telling stories about apples. uh causing problems like apple caused a problem or pears or peach or whatever you want to call it, apricot. It wasn't a fruit. It was adultery because whatever they ate of it produced two seeds. Okay. Um what did I say? Second Corinthians 11:1. Now I just need a second to get there. It's not verse one. It might be verse two. Oh yeah, verse two. Okay. For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy. Paul told tells the Corinthians. For I have espoused you to one husband. So when when a preacher shares the gospel with you and you get saved, it's like he's engaged you to Jesus. Okay? So what's the picture? Corinthians are engaged to Jesus. Now look, he's going to change this now to Eve engaged to Adam. So it's a he's given a symbol or analogy that I may present you as a chasteed virgin to Christ. So if you read the previous chapters, Paul is rebuking them for all their false doctrines. You guys are letting false preachers in here. In other words, when you first got saved, it's like you were a chase virgin to Christ, but you've been deceived by false teachers. In other words, you're no longer pure. You've committed, and now this case, it would have been fornication, but it's almost the same act. Okay. Now, go to verse two. I'm sorry, verse three. But I fear lest by any means as the serpent begiled Eve through his subtility, so your mind should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. So when he talks about the Corinthians losing their spiritual virginity, he goes to Eve as the example. Right? And again, many Orthodox Jews have always believed this. Right? Now, I thought that might be a good review there uh by God's grace. And now go back to Genesis 3 and then I want to hit uh six minutes here. Boy, oh boy. I just want to Chris and I did Chris remember we did a Bible study on this a couple weeks ago. Servant seed. Yeah. You remember that? I when we talked those couple things struck me. So I just thought I'd share that. Okay. So God says there's already two offsprings in verse 15, right? So God says whenever they ate it produced two different offsprings or children right now verse 20 um and Adam called his wife Eve because she was the mother of all living. She's already a mother in chapter 3 and the church said whatever fruit she ate of Adam already calls her a mom. How'd you become a mom by eating an apple? You don't. You become a mom by having adultery. right? She's already a mom. Now, um also all the punishments uh fit the crime. In other words, like the Bible says, eye for eye, tooth for the tooth. So, go to verse 16. And unto the woman, he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow in thy conception. So, God's going to cause her God's going to kind of punish her in the conception. Why would God punish her in con conceiving children? because she already conceived with the wrong seed. Eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth. Right? Everybody see that? Why would she get punished in conceiving seed? Because she received the wrong seed. Okay? In sorrow, thou shalt bring forth children, and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee. Why does God got to get Eve to desire husband? Because she desired the serpent before. Remember that serpent wasn't the devil. The devil was inside the serpent. The devil's a spirit, not a man. That's a great misconception a lot of people have, you know, as I interact with them online and so forth. The devil just anointed that beast of a serpent. Okay. Okay. So there. So she's got to she has to have a desire for her husband because she gave her desire towards the beast, the serpent. Okay. All right. Now, that's pretty uh plain there by the grace of God. Now, there's uh there's nine proofs also of the serpent seed. I'm not going to get those tonight. But the last one, now the other thing that just this one makes all the difference in the world is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Okay, Jesus said this. So, let's I'll end with that. I got a couple minutes. Acts 1 verse uh Acts 1 verse5. This is the one of the biggest differences in what we would call God's God's finishing the restoration process, right? Through the ministry of William Ram. That's what we believe because Luther had a good start. Wesley added to it. Isuza added it. Uh the gifts and now we're getting back to the full word of God where we understand the full word of God and also the power of God. Like we're talking about these healings and testimonies. We the power of God's moving in the church. Praise God. Did I tell you, brother Rod? Oh yeah. When Adam came, Adam came, he told his testimony. I think I told the church last week, right? He said, "When I was here, he said the anointing was on me as soon as I got in the city. The Holy Ghost was anointing him." And then I think I told you that, right? And then he said he left here and God took an addiction that he had for 28 years. 20 almost three decades, church, God is faithful. God is here. Isn't that awesome to know? Like this might be your night, brother, sister. This might be your night. Hallelujah. He just came and testified and was serving God. And God took an addiction after 28 years. Hallelujah. It makes me It makes me excited to see what could God do tonight. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If we've seen it before. Hallelujah. He can do it again by the grace of God. Acts 15. Okay. Now look, Jesus, this is after he's resurrected. And I just want to end with this because this is what also the serpent seed was huge. And then this was huge for me as well. Now this one's really important. This this one's not required for salvation, but it is required for the rapture. If people want to go in the rapture, they have to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost in their soul. Because Jesus said in the parable, the 10 virgins, five were virgins, but they didn't have oil. their oil ran out and oil represents the Holy Spirit. So those five virgins that didn't have the oil, they didn't go out to the wedding and the wedding is the rapture according to Jesus, right? So if without the baptism of the Holy Ghost, they can't go in the rapture. But only in the church that has the oil, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, they'll go out to meet Jesus in the rapture. Now the thing is, we don't know when the rapture is. No man knows the day or the hour. Brother Ram said it could be tonight. He said it might be next week. I found a quote. He said it could be a hundred years from now. Now, this one kind of made me sad, but he said, "It could be 500 years from now. We all want it to be in our lifetime, right? And every Christian should live that way, like it's going to be in my lifetime, but if not, I'll serve Jesus as best as I can. I The Bible said, "Watch and pray for Jesus to come back." &gt;&gt; That's why we're here tonight, &gt;&gt; right? We could be out watching a college football game or you could out be uh you could out be shopping tonight or doing something like that. But you chose to come watch and pray because you want to be ready when Jesus returns. So do I. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Running short on time, but here's the word. For John truly baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the what, church? Let's read that. The &gt;&gt; Holy Ghost. Oh. So, see, there's a there's a water baptism. That's necessary. But Jesus said, "You got to have the soul baptized." Amen. What does the word baptize mean? Immerse, right? So, here's some water for the guest ministers. Sisters there bought it. Very nice, sisters. But if I was going to baptize a tissue, I had to get it all the way, this tissue all the way down the water. If I just dip it, it's not baptized. I got to get that tissue all the way so it's fully immersed. And that's what Jesus says has to happen in your soul. &gt;&gt; You got to get so much of God on the inside that you know, I'm filled. I've got a baptism. And how will you know? Jesus said, if you love me, you'll keep my commands. &gt;&gt; That's how you'll know. Praise God. You'll want to keep the commands of God because your soul has been immersed. Picture that, church. Your soul is like swimming. Your soul is just placed in there and it's it's just baptized with the Holy Ghost. Oh my, what a blessing. Before it wasn't. Before it wasn't a surrounded. It didn't have that anointing all around it. Before you lived a life of sin, you didn't care what anybody thought. You just did whatever you want. But now your soul's filled with the Holy Ghost. God is living inside of you. Hallelujah. Wow, what a what a privilege. What a blessing that we have that. Praise God. Sometimes I got to shake myself just to remember, wow, you've got that because we go through trials, right? We go through tests. Every every saint was must have their faith tested. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because the Bible said God chasens every son that he loves. &gt;&gt; He says, "As many as I love, I'll rebuke them and chasen them like Job." All right? And this is what made all the difference because my denominational friends, bless their hearts, I love them, but they were telling me, Brother Rod, if you said a prayer, you're already filled with the Holy Ghost. And I said, I said, I just can't accept that. I've seen a lot of people be baptized and live a life that I knew even even if I didn't have the Holy Ghost, I knew they didn't have it either, right? Like I told you, some of those guys uh there at the mega church, you know, they would they would go around after service and try to hug as many girls as they can to kind of bring up into them into their bosom like this. And then they would brag about it. I'm like, and I'm trying to serve God. I'm trying to read my Bible. I'm like, that's like a almost like adultery. Like you you want to commit adultery or fornication? Like that's not God. And then after church, they would watch, you know, like like uh these movies, you know, just killing and murder and tell me about I'm like I And when but when I got saved, I'm like, I just can't watch that anymore. It's that that's against my spirit. Amen. God gave me a spirit. I'm against that. Praise God. &gt;&gt; I was trying to think of that one. Oh, The Matrix. Yeah, they can watch The Matrix and people get shot up and do all kinds of stuff. I'm just like, I just can't do that anymore. That's just that's that's not with the nature of God. &gt;&gt; It's not. and they could go watch football for six hours after church. I just couldn't do that anymore. What a waste of time. I could be with my family. I could be reading my Bible or worshiping. Why would I give that much time to the world? My heart's full of the Holy Ghost. Praise God. &gt;&gt; My soul is filled with the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; So, let's uh let's finish with that one. So, I'll finish last verse. I'm already a little bit past my time. Colossians 1 verse 26. Let's finish with this one. This is another one of those those uh uh Bible truths that need to be restored. We need that that wheat grain to come to full maturity. And that's what's happening. This message is going around the world, right? on the serpent seed, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the church ages, the water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, the truth on marriage and divorce, the anointed ones of the end time. Hallelujah. All these amazing revelations right from the Bible. Hallelujah. Predestination. Uh all these revelations, they're still going around the world. People are hearing them for the first time just like Martin Luther, right? His message went around the world. And then John Wesley's went around the world. And then Isuza Street went around the world. Thank God it did. It helped heal my mom. Praise God. But now the message of William Brandham is going around the world. Hallelujah. So people can hear it and I'm glad I heard it. Praise God. It has transformed my life. I said beyond that church experience that I had that they were trying to live like a Wesley a John Wesley life but then all this corruption was getting in there. Okay. Colossians 1:26. Okay. Now this is this is why God had to restore all the mysteries as well. The Bible says that at the end time the mystery of God will be finished in Revelation 10:7. So God has to finish the mystery. In other words, all that life's got to go into the seed. The seed's got to be mature. The church has to have all the truth of God's word. Even the mystery which has been hid from the ages and from generations, but is now made manifest to his saints. Next verse. To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is, let's say it together. Ready? Which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. That was the mystery. In the Old Testament, they had anointing, but they didn't have the soul baptized. They didn't have their soul just totally surrounded with the spirit of God. That's why David could slay Goliath, but then commit adultery with Basheba and have Uriah murdered because he didn't have the baptism of the Hol. His soul wasn't filled in inside. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And that's what the Bible said. It was a mystery until Jesus said, "Go come up and be baptized with the Holy Ghost." Amen. &gt;&gt; He was restoring this back. And that's what I saw in my experience. Churches lack that. They they they teach, okay, come to church, be a good person. But we're saying, yes, come to church, be a good person, but receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost because the baptism of the Holy Ghost is power to be a witness for Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Let's stand to our feet. Musicians can come. And church, if we're not being the witness we ought to be, then we need to seek the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Praise God. That's what the Holy Ghost is. It's power to be a witness. Hallelujah. Thank God. Praise God. And what's a witness at uh at a court trial? What's the witness? Someone who was there when it happened. &gt;&gt; And that's what we want to be. I want to be someone that I can say, "I was there when God came in and and filled me with the Holy Ghost. I was there, right? I'm a witness." And I know my wife was a witness, too. She seen the change in my life. There's a witness. God gives you a witness. I'm filled now. Now, the spirit of God surrounds my soul. I love Jesus with all my heart. I want to go deep in the word of God. Not church tradition. I appreciate some traditions, but I want to go full in the word of God, the seed of God. And then back to that verse, we're born again of the incorruptible seed of God. See, we got to get that seed inside of us. God is restoring the church back to that seed. In other words, that seeds, the spirit of God has to come into us and fill our souls. Oh, what a what a beautiful story. Thank you, Jesus. Let's bow our heads here. Heavenly Father, thank you for the masterpiece, Lord, that you spoke, Lord Jesus. You spoke it in Mark chapter 4. Brother Random just recognized that that's what you were doing through Martin Luther, John Wesley, and then in his ministry, dear God. Thank you for the masterpiece of the wheat plant, dear God. Lord, you're bringing the church back to what it was. And that's what we see as well, Lord. We see the signs, the wonders, the miracles, the healings. We're grateful for that, dear God. But Lord, we also want every other part of the scripture. Lord, these two areas just meant a lot to me. The serpent seed meant a lot to me and I got to Chris and I got to talk to about it, dear God. And then the baptism of the Holy Ghost where your soul can be totally immersed in the spirit of God. Hallelujah. And then you're a witness. You want to testify about Jesus. You want to testify about the truth of God. You were there when it happened. Oh God, thank you Lord God for your mercy and grace. Thank you for restoring. You said, "I'll restore all things at the end time. Jesus must remain in heaven until the restitution of all things." You said, "Lord, that's your promise, dear God." Lord, and even after preaching this, I know other people might have different needs. Maybe they've already been born again. Maybe they have a need in their body for physical healing. Maybe they have a need in their human spirit or mind. Maybe they're battling discouragement, confusion, depression, fear, anxiety. Maybe they're battling lust. Lord, we all must battle, Lord, the the evil spirits. We must have a testimony. We must have the armor of God on. We must wrestle with not against flesh and blood. We must wrestle against spiritual wickedness in high places. So, we need you tonight, Lord Jesus. We love you tonight, Lord God. Whatever the need of the people is, I just pray, Lord, it was met. And Lord, as we sing and Lord, if anyone needs prayer, we could pray with them and try to encourage them, Lord God. And that your spirit would move on their behalf, dear God. Grant it, Lord God. Thank you for the masterpiece, Lord God. This wheat plant, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Stalk, tassel, and grain. You restoring your word back to the beginning, Lord. Thank you for Martin Luther. Thank you for John Wesley, for William Seymour, and for brother Brandham, Lord God. We're grateful for your restoration, Lord God. A true reformation, we'd say, reformed back to the full truth of your Bible. Lord God, we thank you for tonight. Lord, I pray you just meet the needs of the saints. Lord, we try to have just a shorter service here tonight. Thank you again for Rod and my mother-in-law being here, Tammy. Lord God, we're so thankful for this opportunity here tonight, Lord Jesus. May every need be met, Lord. May we look to you for our needs to be met, Lord God. and find a Bible verse that gives us the hope, the encouragement, Lord, the strength, Lord, so we can receive what we have need of. And Lord, we don't want to forget. We just don't want to be receivers. We want to be givers of praise. We want to praise you, Lord God. We know you inhabit the praises of your people. So, let's Lord, we just want to praise you tonight, church. Let's praise the Lord tonight here. We thank you for this time in Jesus Christ's name.
