################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - (5-18-25) A Mother's Compassion on the Son of Her Womb - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   (5-18-25) A Mother's Compassion on the Son of Her Womb - Jesse Smith
Speaker: Jesse Smith
Church:  Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Lo8jrpIdqY
========================================

doesn't even listen to my sermons. Oh, I just love just like when brother Hawkins was here, you know, God just vindicates the word of God. Hallelujah. So thankful for his amazing grace. Isaiah 49:13. So my mother's day sermon is called a mother's compassion on the son of her womb. I thought about sister Naomi having a boy. Praise God. So I didn't get to preach a mother's day message last week, so I'd like to preach that today by God's grace. Isaiah 49:13. Such a lovely text here. And the key word here, of course, is compassion. I thought about mother's compassion. Isaiah 49:13. I'll read 13 and 14 and then uh we can all read 15 by God's grace. Sing, O heavens, and be joyful, O earth, and break forth into singing, O mountains, for the Lord hath comforted his people and will have mercy upon his afflicted. Notice, do God's people get afflicted sometimes? Yes. But even in that, God shows mercy. Hallelujah. But Zion said, "The Lord hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten to me. Forgotten me." We've all thought that before, haven't we? Lord, where are you? Haven't you heard my prayers? Right now, let's read 15. Ready? One, two, three. Can a woman forget her suckling child that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb? Yay, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee. Hallelujah. I'm going to read 16. Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands. Thy walls are continually before me. What a beautiful foreshadowing of the cross of Jesus Christ. 900 years before Jesus died, God said by the Holy Spirit, I'm going to engrave you on the palms of my hands so I never forget about you. Now, we all use our hands all day, every day, don't we? So, God's, we know God's powers in his right hand. Hallelujah. And so, see, God puts that reminder. In other words, God's saying, I'm going to remind myself constantly of you. I will not forsake you. Let's look at verse 17 there. Thy children shall make haste. thy destroyers and they that made thee waste shall go forth of thee. So see God's going to send all your afflictions away because he's merciful. Praise God. Let's have one more word of prayer. If you have anything on your heart, let's make it known to God. Father God, we thank you for today, Lord. Thank you for this opportunity to be in your house. Oh, how I miss being in church, Lord God. It's so awful to miss church, Lord God. So, we're thankful, Lord God, to be here, Lord. I feel the freedom of the Holy Ghost. I feel the liberty of the Holy Ghost. I feel so happy praising your holy name, lifting up my hands, giving you glory. Hallelujah. Thank you for the faith of your people that you've given to us, Lord God. We give you glory today. Be with this sermon, Lord God. May it speak to every heart, Lord God. And we thank you for our mothers, Lord God. It's just another attribute of yours, God. The the love we see in a mother. And God, we're thankful for all your blessings, God. Thank you for, Lord, delivering these babies healthy and one more to go. Lord, we're so thankful, God. You're faithful to the end, Lord. God, you're the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. So we thank you, Lord God. This is a special time for us in our church and our families, God. So we want to thank you, God. And Lord, bless these mothers in a special way and the fathers, Lord God, as next month will be Father's Day. Uh we traditionally set that side aside that time, Lord, to remember our fathers. So we thank you, Lord, for your love and mercy. Bless us. Uh may we just be obedient to the leadership of the Holy Ghost in Jesus Christ's name. And the church said, "Amen." God bless you. You may be seated. Praise God. Is the live stream on there? Okay. Praise the Lord. So, I want to apologize to our live streamers. We just had a little prayer time before we get uh got started there. But, uh they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Hallelujah. Sometimes you got to wait a little bit longer. Amen. So, we look at today a mother's compassion on the son of her womb. Praise God. Just a really uh beautiful scripture here. You know this scripture speaks of uh the strongest material bond between humans is the mother and the child. And God God could have chose any bond. He could have chose husband and wife, right? He could have chose any bond, brother and brother. Uh you know even David and Jonathan had such a bond, right? It was so great. But God didn't choose that bond to represent his love. What bond did he choose? The bond between a mother and the child. Hallelujah. And God uses that bond to express even though there's times that bond could fail, my bond with you will never fail. Hallelujah. So God is faithful to remind us church of his deep love. The word compassion means to love deeply. It means tender affection. So God is so uh God has such tender affection for us. Now church, I've been holding a baby for about six straight days. I can't tell you. Brother Vang knows what it's like now. you know, he's got that fresh feeling. I just can't believe what I'm holding in my hands. I'm like, I'm holding a a soul trapped in this body. It's so precious. Every little yawn and every little cry. Now, maybe crying might not be precious to some people, but it's just been such a joy to uh see again the miracle of life. And if I have this bond with a child, how much more does Kristen, how much more does Ca, you know, the mother have with the the child by the grace of God? And remember, as we read in here, God marked Jesus's hands permanently as a sign that he would remember his people. Praise God. And think about that, church. You know, you mothers, you have a child, what happens? Your body's changed forever. Now, you don't have to say amen on that, but in one way or another, your body's changed forever. You're permanently changed, right? Be and we all wish, you know, all the mothers wish they could go back to the way they started. But the reason that doesn't is because God's showing what he did. God uh he scarred his son. Hallelujah. He he had his son crucified. He offered his son's soul as a sacrifice for us. Hallelujah. and gave a permanent reminder that I won't forget you. I'll always love you. Hallelujah. I'm committed to you. Amen. How many thankful God's committed to us? Amen. He gives us a permanent sign. The sign of the old rugged cross. Hallelujah. Jesus took that for us. Now, friends, there's many verses God tells us about that he will not forget us. Of course, we read Isaiah 49. He says, "Yet will I not forget thee." God will not forget you. No matter what afflictions you go through, God could never forget you because he formed you in your mother's womb. Hallelujah. And he forneew you before the foundation of the world. There will be some bonds that are broken and there's strong bonds, no doubt, amongst humans, but there's no greater bond between God and his child. Hallelujah. And he will not forget. Hallelujah. And church, we can say that's thus sayith the scripture. God will not forget us. Hallelujah. And so we remember that remembering our mothers, our precious mothers. And I thought today, my goodness, how my how gracious my mom was to put up with me for nine months. And then she had to nurse me after that. And I thought, my my mom went through so much, you know, five boys and one girl. And brother Vang, your mom and sister Zer, your mom went through eight or nine, was it? 10. 10. God bless sister. True. Amen. 10 times, you know, she went through and just uh put up with all the pains and all the all the agony and all the suffering because she had love for the children. Praise God. And that's like God. God brings and we'll get to that at the end. You know, God brings us all to the birth of the spiritual birth. Praise God. And our if our mothers are able to do that, hallelujah, then God is able to do so much more than what we could do. Praise God. Think about how much a mother gives for her child. Uh Deuteronomy 31:8 says, "And the Lord, he it is that doth go before you. He will be with you. He will not fail thee, neither forsake thee. Fear not, neither be dismayed." Hallelujah. He's telling Moses, "I'll go before you. Don't fear. I'll be with you." Praise God. God will not leave us. Hallelujah. Hebrews 13:5, one of the most beautiful scriptures. For he has said, "I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee." We have a promise. God's presence is always going to stay with us. It's not going anywhere. God's not going to give up on us. Hallelujah. Praise God. He's committed like a mother is to her child. Hallelujah. He won't leave us. Psalm 94:14, "For the Lord will not cast off his people. Neither will he forsake his inheritance." You are God's inheritance. Amen. You are God's offspring. You are God's family. God will not forsake his family. Hallelujah. You know, as as leader, as mothers and fathers, you know, we would do anything to provide for our children. We would go we'd work as many hours as we needed to do. We would do anything to provide good food and and clothes for our children. And how much more is God God going to be with us to provide all that we have need of today? Glory. Psalm 27:10. When my father and my mother forsake me, then the Lord will take me up. So the psalmist knew even if these natural bonds break, I've got a greater bond. I've got a spiritual bond. I've got an eternal bond with God. Hallelujah. And that's why I've said that before. When my dad divorced my mom, God just put other men into my life, mostly coaches, teachers. God just brought other men into my life that I could look up to. And each each one was just like on the next step. I got to have this and that. And they poured into my life. So even when God even when it seems like you know God takes away some influence, God will provide another. Hallelujah. And as I was telling a brother this week, I was telling a brother, you know, even in the lonely times, that's your chance to enjoy fellowship with God because we're all going to get lonely at some point. Praise God. You I can have I have nine kids and a wife. There's times I feel lonely. I'm sure Vang grew up with 10 s nine siblings. I'm sure he felt lonely sometimes, too, because it's it's a it's a it's it's a test. we got to go through. We all must pass the test of loneliness. Amen. It's a spirit, right? It's a It's a spiritual battle. Sorry, buddy. Sorry about that. It's a spiritual battle we got to go through. Everybody's got to pass that way. And we got to learn to fellowship with the greatest friend. We got to learn to become friends with the greatest friend the universe has ever had, God Almighty. Hallelujah. We have to enjoy the times being alone because we're know we know we're not alone. We're alone with God. Satan's going to whisper and say, "See, no, you're all alone. Nobody cares." Well, wasn't Jesus alone on the cross, and yet he overcame and he'll have a he had a loneliness none of us will ever have. God, he said, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" That word means abandoned. God abandoned his own son so you and I won't be abandoned. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, in your lonely times, remember God made Jesus lonely so you don't have to be lonely. Praise God. Look at John 10:28. And I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish. Church will never go to hell. Hallelujah. Neither shall any man pluck them out of the my hand. He said, "My father is greater than all, and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand." Church, just imagine just like just like Tulsi was in my arms last night. She was in my hands, right? Just like Adena sits there in your hands. I don't know. She might be crawling around now. Who knows? But just like church, the baby's in your hand. That's how God holds you. Praise God. You're in the hands of God. Hallelujah. Adena has nothing to fear as long as she's in Vang's hands. Hallelujah. A trustworthy hands. And Tulsi has nothing to fear as long as she's in trustworthy hands. And we couldn't have any more trustworthy hands than the eternal almighty hands of God. The nail scarred hands. Hallelujah. 1st Samuel 12:22. For the Lord will not forsake his people for his great name's sake because it hath pleased the Lord to make you his people. God made me a Christian, brother Austin. Amen. God's the one that called me to this. Praise God. God called us, Brother Vang, to the message. Hallelujah. God made us as people. We didn't go looking for God. God came looking for us. Hallelujah. We are made the people of God. We're made the children of God. We're made kings and priests unto God. God called us to this and God will stay with us. God will be with us. Hallelujah. Amen. Now church, God's, you know, God's has this mother attribute. And what I mean by that is I'm not saying God's feminine. Of course, God makes himself a man. But the mother attribute in the scripture is the helper attribute. Right? Remember uh Genesis 1:27, God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. male and female created he them. When God made Adam and Eve, they were a spirit. Brother Austin, like brother Ram said, like a spirit, like a spirit that traveled. And both spirits were inside the spirit. Ma, male and female attributes were inside the one spirit. And then God, you know, put the spirit in Adam the body and then put him down to sleep for the first surgery. Praise God. Oh, God's faithful. Hallelujah. He separated the the female from the male and then had two. But they were created in the image of God. So male and female attributes were the same. And God said in Genesis chapter 2, I'm going to give you a help meat. Hallelujah. Genesis 21:18, the Lord God said, it is not good that man should be alone unless you have the gift of singleness. I will make him an help meat for him. Now this word help means secure. That's another word for help. I'm going to make him a help. I'm going to make him a secure. Hallelujah. Another word is a advocate. Another word is an assistant. We all got our assistants. Hey, so and so or whatever you would say. We all have an assistant on our phone, right? But God gave us an assistant in marriage. The man is the primary power, but God gives him an assistant power. Praise God. Is that right? And that's how God is. God is his primary power, but he has an assistant. Amen. And who's his assistant? The Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. In other words, God's spirit sent out to you. That God is only one spirit, right? The Holy Spirit is not a third person. The Holy Spirit is the person of God. But the Holy Spirit is God's helper. Now, it's God with us. Hallelujah. Amen. Right? That's what Jesus said. Uh if you know your Bible, I'm sure you do. John 14:16. And I'll pray the father and he shall give you another comforter. Again, secure helper. Hallelujah. That he may abide with you forever. Church, the Holy Ghost is not leaving us. Amen. We've just got to please him. We just got to repent of our sins. We got to overcome sin. We got to stop grieving him. And then we'll see him more active in our lives. Okay, I want you to turn on that fan there. I'm getting hot already. If I'm getting hot. Anybody else hot in here? Raise your hand. Anybody else? Yep. Turn that on. Everybody, you can open that window if you feel led, too. Don't feel bad about that, church. If you listen, brother, there's cars honking all the time where brother's preaching. There's be Have you seen the tabernacle? It's right on the corner of an intersection. You've been there. Maybe most of you haven't. I guess I' I'd be the only one that did maybe by God's grace. So Jesus said, "I'm going to send you the comforter, the helper, the secure." In other words, I'm going to send you the female attribute, the helper. So in the marriage, who should be the leader? The man. But you got a helper. Praise God. Because you can't do it all, Brother Vang. Brother Austin, you can't do it all. Hallelujah. I can't do it all. I need a helper. And so God gives me a helper. It's the feminine attribute. Praise God. So for us, the feminine attribute is the Holy Spirit active in our lives. Even the spirit of truth in verse 17, whom the world cannot receive, because it seth him not, neither knoweth him, but ye know him. For he dwelleth with you and shall be in you. Praise God. Oh, glory. Now, uh, in Proverbs 1 verse20, God uses Solomon to describe the female attribute of God. Put that there, Malachi, if you can. Proverbs 1:20. You already got it up there, buddy. Good job. Wisdom cries without. She utter her voice in the street. Now, keep it up there just for a second. Huh? Solomon's writing this beautiful book, and what does he liken unto wisdom? He likens wisdom unto a woman. God's spirit, see the feminine attribute, the Holy Spirit goes out and woos each person, right? It tries to minister to each person. The Holy Spirit is saying, "Receive this. Receive this word. I want to minister to you." Right? That's that's who's with you today. The Holy Spirit's with you today. It's God's feminine attribute. It's like that. It's like that part where the God comes to help you. God's spirit is with you and God likens it unto a woman. Hallelujah. It's not a woman, but it has it's the it's the lesser part. It's the helper part. Praise God. Right? Because God in his greatness, we know God uh he said, "Heaven is my throne. Earth is my foottool. What house you going to build me?" Right? God in his m masculine attribute, but in his feminine attribute, he sends his spirit down to help us out. Praise God. To help us, to comfort us when we need it. Hallelujah. So church, if you have com if you have need of comfort today, God's spirit is here. Praise God. He will comfort you. He will help you. That's right. Now, God cannot forget us. He will comfort us as many scriptures say. I want to go through a few more here. By God's grace, Isaiah 66:13, as one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you, and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem. So, how could God try to describe his love for us? The best way he describes in the Bible is with the love of a mother. Hallelujah. So, happy Mother's Day again to all the mothers if I didn't say it Aresh. Praise God. Hallelujah. As a mother comforts, so will I comfort you. Praise God. I don't know about you, when I was younger, I just sometimes after church on Sunday, Brother Vang, sometimes when I was younger, I just like to cuddle up by my mom and take a nap on the couch. I don't know if you ever got to do that with all your siblings, brother. But I that was when I was younger, that was one of my favorite things. I just felt so safe in mom's arms. Hallelujah. And that's what God is saying. He said, "My love is like a comforting mother." Hallelujah. Who's the one that first cleaned off your your skinned up knee when you fell off your bike? Probably your mom. That's how it is at our house. Amen. We run to mom and mom who cleaned off. Now they got so many siblings now their siblings can help out. But no doubt Malachi and Aacia and Lydia, first one that cleaned off their skin knees was mom. Hallelujah. That's right. Look at uh Psalm 131 verse two. Surely I behaved and quieted myself as a child that is weaned of his mother. My soul is even as a weaned child. So see church, we're to rest in God like the calm that comes when a baby nurses. And I've seen that a lot lately. Hallelujah. I got seven, six days of watching a baby get calmed by the nursing. Hallelujah. So, see church, that's what God wants you to do. How many How many know you want or how many want the quietness to be in your heart? Praise God. Not the wars and the struggles and the mind battles. How many want a quiet mind? Hallelujah. The peace of God takes over your mind like a nursing child. Hallelujah. God help us to nurse. The Bible said teach us here a little, there a little. Isaiah 28. Teach us your doctrine. Teach us your ways. Teach us your commands. Precept upon precept. Line upon line. Hear a little church. If you just read your Bible today and focus on your Bible, you'll have the comfort of God today. Amen. Glory. Jesus said this in Luke uh 13:34. What does he compare his love to? A mother hen. And I got 16 hens at home, too. So, a lot of this applies to me today. Praise God. I got a mother nursing and I got a uh I got hens at my house. Hallelujah. Oh, Jerusalem, Jerusalem, which killst the prophets and stoneest them that are sent to thee. How often would I have gathered thy children together as a hen gather her brood under her wings and ye would not? How can how does God compare his love to a mother? Now, we don't we haven't had any uh hens that have given uh uh hatch their own chicks, but we've seen them get broody. And they really want a baby, don't they? They those hens really want a baby chick, but they can't get one at our house. At least not yet. But this is what Well, this is what the Lord Jesus compares. Just want to draw them in. Just want the closeness. Just want the fellowship. We've been preaching on communion. How many thankful that God wants to commune with you? Praise God. God could have communed with anybody, but he wants to commune with you and I. Praise God. Sorry to yell so loud in your face there, brother. I'll try to stay up there. That's that's how he compares it. And then how many good nurses did we see in the hospital? 1 Thessalonians 2:7 and 8. My there's so many nice nurses in there. Sometimes there were people I saw that were mistreating the nurses. They would just respond with grace and kindness. They wouldn't fight back and shout back. They just showed so much tenderness. A nurse, a real nurse. Praise God. 1 Thessalonians 2:7 and 8. But we were gentle among you, even as a nurse cherisheth her children. So being affectionately desirous of you. Hallelujah. So who how does Paul compare his love to? Brother Vang, he doesn't say the love of a dad. He says the love of a nurse. Hallelujah. So let's look at this attribute today and see how God wants to show forth his love. The Holy Spirit is like a mother's love. Now everybody knows that sometimes dad's got tough love, right? Sometimes dad's got really tough love and sometimes we need tough love. But we also need a balance. We need tough love and we need tender love because we can see God gives us both, right? Sometimes God is harsh with us, very stern with us, uh, deals with us in a very serious way. Other times, God is slow to anger, rich in mercy. Hallelujah. Now, let's go to uh I want to just uh look at this thought here. Look at a few more thoughts before I get to my main point. I'm not to my main point yet. Let's go to Hebrews 11:23. Let's look at this here. I I just look at Moses's mother. Look at look at what a mother we have here. Hebrews 11:23. By faith, Moses when he was born was hid three months of his parents. I guess yeah, we got both in here. Yeah, we got uh both Jockabed and Amra here. For three months because they saw he was a proper child and they were not afraid of the king's commandments. So perhaps there was a pillar of fire when he was born like when brother Brandon was born. Hallelujah. But notice notice what the parents did. They hid the child from death, right? They they took active measures to hide the child from evil. That's what we should do as parents. Keep our kids from evil. As long as we can. Somebody asked a question one time. When should I give my child a smartphone? When you want their childhood to end. That's when you give them a smartphone. Or give them a tablet. When you want their childhood to end and their innocence to leave, that's when you give them one. And the church said, "Amen." That's right. Protect them. Hide them from evil. Remember Mary and Joseph hid Jesus from Herod. Hallelujah. God had a hedge around Job. Amen. He was hiding Job from all the suffering. Now, did of course he had to go through suffering. We all go through those times. But church, if we look at it, most of the time God was hiding him. And that's what brother Ram said. He he said, Brother Ram said, "I always pray God, don't let Satan get at me. Keep a hedge around me. Don't let him get to me. Right? And that's and that's why Jesus put that in the the Lord's prayer. He said, "Lead me not into temptation, but deliver me from evil." Have you thought about that lately, church? It is okay to pray, "God, keep me from temptation." Because that's what Jesus prayed in the garden. He said, "Lord, if it's possible, let this cup pass from me." There's nothing wrong with praying that. God, keep me from evil. God, keep me from this. keep me from that. There's nothing wrong with that. But you got to end the prayer with let thy will be done, not my will be done. That's in the Lord's prayer. Lead me not into temptation. In other words, please, I don't want to have to go through this. God, let your mercy extend to me. And church, how many know God many times answers our prayer? The Bible says God doesn't give us the punishment we deserve. God is so merciful. We don't always We certainly don't always get what we deserve. Hallelujah. That's right. Are you with me, church? Are you with me? Moses's parents hid him from Pharaoh. Rahab hid the spies. And not only that, the Bible said we are hid in Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. God's hiding us in Christ from Satan. Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. This is what love does. See, that's my my wife right now, brother Bang. She's hiding uh Tulsi away from our sick kids upstairs. We're quarantining. Reminds us of 2020. Praise God. We're quarantining mom and baby away from everybody else. See, she's hiding her away so she doesn't get sick. She needs to build up her immune system the right way. Praise God. And so is Kristen being protected as well. But this is the love of God. This is what God's love does. It hides. It protects as long as possible. That's the love of God. And church, you are hidden in Christ. I am hidden in Christ. If Satan wants to get to me, Sister Nomi, first he's got to go through the devil. I'm sorry. First, Satan's got to go through Jesus, right? Because sorry, I'm hidden in Christ. Hallelujah. Satan can't get to me because Jesus is standing before me protecting me. Hallelujah. Amen. He can't get at me unless he goes through Jesus first. I got scripture for it. And then the Bible said he'll go before you. He'll be your re-reward. He'll be on the side. Talk about singing the blessing today. Something like that. Amen. He's all around me. He goes before me. He's behind me. God is our protector. God is our shield. God is our strength. God is our sword. Hallelujah. Amen. Church, here's what we need. Courage. Let's not be afraid of what could happen. Let's have courage. Hallelujah. God is with us. God will not fail us. Hallelujah. And what is I think it's Psalm 119:11. Thy word have I hid in my heart. It's been a while since I quoted that one. That I might There it is. Let's read this. Ready? One, two, three. Thy word have I hid in mine heart that I might not sin against thee. You want to overcome sin, put the word in your heart. Start quoting the word. memorize a verse so you have something to fight with. That's how you overcome. And the church said, "Hide it." Praise God. Just like uh just like Jockabed and Amra, hide, Moses. Hide that word. Praise God. Protect that word. Let that word be your absolute. That is eternal life. Hallelujah. It's living water. It's your daily bread. Amen. It's your sword. It's your source of strength. Praise God. Glory. I haven't preaching a while, so bear with me. Hallelujah. Next, I want to read this one here for all of us, but Hebrews 11:11, especially sister Naomi here. Sarah had no ability to bring forth a child, right? Because she was old, the deadness of her her her womb, and Abraham had the deadness of his loins. But what happened? God visited her in order so she'd be strengthened to bring forth a child. And as I saw it with my wife, and I'm sure Bang saw it with his wife, Lori probably saw it. God comes around and he strengthens the mom so the mom can bring forth the child. Hallelujah. Through faith also. Sarah herself, receive strength and to conceive seed. So church, let's apply it spiritually. If we're weak, let's let's let's quote Isaiah. Let the weak say I'm strong. Praise God. Let's invite the Holy Spirit. Say, "Holy Spirit, drop down today. Visit me. Give me strength. Give me courage. Restore my joy. Give me some type of a blessing that I know you're with me. Hallelujah. Yes. Why we want to be weak? Why we want to be struggling? Why do we want to be in defeat? The Bible said faith will help you receive strength and then you'll be able to bring forth God's will in your life. Hallelujah. That's right. See, God always sends divine help. If you want it, God's going to send it. Yes, sir. Go to uh Philippians 2:19 20 and 21. Philippians 2:19 2021. Now, this let's look at Timothy for a moment. Now, these are familiar scriptures, but let's look a little deeper by God's grace. But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timothy shortly unto you, that I also may be of good comfort when I know your state. Just stay right there. Go back if you would there, buddy. Uh, what does comfort mean again? Helper, secure. So, see, sometimes God sends somebody anointed with the Holy Ghost. Sometimes that's the feminine attribute of God. Whenever somebody comes around to help you, that's God's spirit helping you in the feminine attribute, a helper. Jesus said, "I'm going to send you a comforter." It's the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And then Jesus says, "Whenever you did it to the least of these, my brethren, you've done it unto me." Praise God. It's God hiding behind the veil of human flesh. Church, you should love me. I should love you because God's hiding behind your veil. Hallelujah. God is the Holy Spirit. How do you know? Because you do the works of Christ. Hallelujah. If you Jesus said, "If you love me, keep my commands." Hallelujah. So, we keep God's commands and we know God is hiding behind our veil. And this is what Paul experienced when he was struggling, when he needed some comfort. God sent him a a man God in flesh. Timothy verse 20. For I have no man like-minded who will naturally care for your state. Now, this is a beautiful verse that really encouraged me. For all seek their own, not the things which are Jesus Christ. So, just leave that up there. Timothy came to visit Paul when most people wouldn't. Hallelujah. And notice there's nobody as as like the prophet as much as Timothy was a a gentile church. I'm I'm sorry. Mix interracial child. Hallelujah. Between Jew and Greek. All these people don't know what they're talking about about interracial marriage. Right? He's a Jew, half Jew, half Greek. And yet nobody was like the Holy Ghost filled prophet as much as this man. Hallelujah. And he was a comfort to Paul. He was a help to Paul. This church service ought to be a comfort to you. Praise God. Shaking somebody's hand, hugging somebody, encouraging them, strengthening them. That ought to be a blessing. That ought to be a comfort to you. Praise God. Oh, Brother Jesse still standing. Oh, Sister Z still got her fire. Oh, Brother Nia still comes to worship and praise God. There's Malachi still with the fire of God to play the piano. We ought to encourage one another. It ought to be a comfort to us. Praise God. We're still in the faith. We're not giving up. We're trusting God. We're casting down anything that exalts itself against the word of God. And we're overcoming by the grace of God because God is here to comfort us. Hallelujah. All right. Go to uh 2 Timothy 15. Got your Bible? 2 Timothy 15 when I call to remembrance the unfeign that means pure not pretend genuine integrity when I call recall to remembrance the genuine faith that's in you Timothy which dwelt first where did it dwell first in your grandmother Lois and your mother Ununice why does Timothy have such genuine faith because his mom and grandma taught him the How many thankful for a godly mother or grandmother? Hallelujah. If you didn't have that in the natural, you surely got in the spiritual because that was the Holy Ghost. Praise God. Who's with you? Praise God. And I am persuaded that in the also. Hallelujah. Now, how many know Timothy? Timothy's name means honoring God. So, it's a pretty good name right there. He was the son of a mixed marriage. According to the lexicon, it appears his father died when he was still young and he was raised by his mother and grandmother mother according to strict Jewish traditions. And church, who who was he most like? He was most like the first church age messenger. And he never had a dad there. And the church said, "Oh, I didn't have my dad. I didn't have my mom. My dad left me." church. God may allow that for a testimony. Just because awful things happen, just because the natural parent might not be there, God, the supernatural parent is there. Hallelujah. So this man, he has no dad, but his mother and his grandmother pour the scriptures into him. And then he becomes most like Paul, the church age messenger to the Ephesian church age who said, "If you change one thing that Jesus revealed to me, you're cursed." He said, "My goodness, there's a serious commandment we have to keep." Praise God. Hallelujah. Go to 2 Timothy 3:15. Turks, the best thing you teach your children is the holy scriptures. Teach your children the holy scriptures. I'm just looking at bang and uh myself and sister Naomi, teach your children the scriptures. If you if you want to have you want to see your children have faith like brother Brandham or faith like St. Paul, teach them the scripture because look look that's how Timothy turned out so good. and that from a child thouast known the holy scriptures which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. See, Timothy knew the word from a young age. Hallelujah. Therefore, he was uh able to receive the word of God and receive God's prophet St. Paul and then become like him in his mind and then he could be a comfort to people that needed comfort. That's right. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Nobody was like Paul as much as Timothy. What a what a testimony. I didn't even keep track of time. So, all right. Now, get to my main point here. Let's look at the selflessness of a mother. This see when when a woman has so much compassion, this this deep affection, it causes her to sacrifice for the child. And that's selflessness, right? Most people today don't want children. They're selfish. I'm talking about if they don't want it. It's the difference between not being able to have it and not wanting it. And the church said they all want cats and dogs and whatever they got. They don't they anything but a child is what they say. They'll be judged for that. That's selfish pride. But let's look at the selflessness of a mother. her body gets totally changed permanently. How many times does a mother feed her children before she feeds herself? How many times does a mother take care of her child's needs before her own needs? Most of the time it's totally selfless. It's a life it's it's the life of sacrifice. You know, I see my wife do it. I don't I hardly ever I I can't say she's perfect, but I hardly ever hear her complain, right? She just does it. I've been around her six days with this baby. I never heard her complain once about nursing all day, every day, changing diaper. I've only changed a handful of diapers. Can't trust me with too many diapers. I might mess it up. But no complaints. She just change. She just goes from one and just stares at the baby. Look at the baby. Love the baby. Hallelujah. See, she's selfless. And that's what I'm trying to show you. That's God's love. Amen. God will cross. Brother Ram said, "He'll cross the Milky White way." Amen. He'll cross all space and time just to answer your prayer. Hallelujah. We know God is selfless. And we know God is sacrificial. Praise God. He did all these things for his pleasure. Hallelujah. He created all this for our enjoyment. Ecclesiastes says, right, brother Austin, we I read that recently, too. God, the Bible, he said it's the gift of God to have a job and food and clothes and and happiness in the home. All these things God did so for our enjoyment, enjoy the creation of God. Hallelujah. I'd like to uh briefly look at labor and then a C-section because this is the first C-section we have I ever experienced. There's three stages to labor. There's the dilation, then there's the pushing, and then there's the placental delivery. And think what this mother's going through, church, just just bear with me. In that first stage, it lasts six to 18 hours. That's the average. of just the the dilation and this is cramp like lower abdominal or back ache for only six to 18 hours only. My wife did about 48 hours. It was a tough couple days here. Brother Vang, I don't know if I've had harder days in my life and seeing my wife go through this. When the second stage is the pushing, this gives like a burning or ring of fire. type of feeling feels a there's a strong strong pressure to cause the baby to pass through. It causes some to go to exhaustion. This can be 30 minutes or three hours. They just they don't feel any relief until the baby is pushed. And after the baby emerges, then it's the placental delivery. This is milder cramping. It's a final short push. And the uh the women often feel shivering, chills, euphoria, or fatigue. Any of this sound comfortable to the brothers out there? You're blessed. You don't have to go through it. Hallelujah. That's just that's the natural labor. Now, my wife went through that eight times. Eight natural labors. So, there's all these types of pains. Uh there's visceral pain in the muscles. Uh this is just general. There's spinal nerve pain. Lower back pain. Uh pelvic floor pain. Look pain. Sharp burning pains. Localized pains. I'm just generalizing here. Muscular skele. Look at that fancy word. Muscular muscularkeeletal strain and fatigue. Your muscles and everything get strained and fatigued. All for what? For the child. For somebody else. Amen. You're not suffering that for yourself. You're suffering that to give somebody else life. Hallelujah. God bless our mothers. Amen. God bless Ruby Smith. She did it for me. God bless True. She did it for all 10 of you. Hallelujah. God bless our mothers here. Amen. Beatatric and Naomi. God bless you. You endured all this pain like Jesus in one way, right? It's a it's a type. Jesus endured all that according to Hebrews 12 for the joy that was set before him. Praise God. And a woman's pain is awful, but it compares nothing to what Jesus did. Of course, we understand that. But God lets the woman understand in a minor way. Suffering for somebody else's life. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, my wife knows on another level. 48 hours of suffering. But, you know, you look at her now, she looks all happy. I know she's at home. Probably is smiling right now. And I'm sure she'll have about 10 corrections when I get home. Praise God. Or maybe I'll get a text with those. I probably forgot some details, Brother V. But you you see her now, she's all happy, got the baby, and smiling. And church, then there's pain even after. It's called postpartum pain. It's more cramp cramps and contractions. Sitting can hurt because of tears, soreness. There's throbbing of body parts. There's emotional uh they call it lability, baby blues, right? How I prayed for a few mothers, brother Vang and brother Austin in the prayer line over the years. I prayed for different mothers when I've gone other places. They're having like this depression after they have a baby. But that's just natural. That's something they got to endure. I think my wife went through one time and Joe Adams is like, "That's the devil. Rebuke Satan." and my wife got a good victory there. It's just that discouragement trying to come on, right? But that all comes after you've already done all this sacrifice. And what what is it that's able to endure that? The love of a mother. Amen. There should be a Mother's Day. There ought to be a mother's week. Amen. Ought to be a mother's month. For who? For you. God did that for you, brother Nia. God did that for me. So the pain is dynamic. The internet says each labor is different and support matters. Continuous compassionate presence can lessen the perceived pain by 25 to 30% in randomized trials. So sister Naomi, get somebody around you that's going to encourage you. Hallelujah. That's a, you know, when I was there, the doula looked at me and said, Jesse, she said, go on the other side by Kristen's face and tell her she's doing a good job and rub her hand. I'm like, oh, thanks. I appreciate that. Forgot about that. So, hopefully that helped. We'll have to talk about that when we get home, too. But, but the reason many mothers can endure this is because the suffering has a purpose and it's meaningful. It brings forth life, which is the most precious gift naturally, right? Naturally, the most precious gift is life, physical life. That's right. The greatest gift, of course, is spiritual, eternal life, being saved. Hallelujah. But the greatest gift in the natural would be life, new life. Hallelujah. Now, let's look at C-section. That's just natural. Here we are. C-section. Never thought I'd see it, Brother V. But boy, did I see it. So, first there's the pre-operative phase, which is 30 to 60 minutes. That's the consent, the IV line, the mele, I'm sorry, the fetal monitoring, and I'm going to leave out some of the details, and anesthesia placement. And then there's the intraoperative phase, which is 30 to 50 minutes total. The positioning of the mother, the drape. So, I was I was behind the drape with my wife there. I didn't want to look at that, you know? I'm just not into that kind of thing. Then there's the skin incisions. Then there's the opening. Then there's the delivery of the baby. And then there's the placental removal and the uterine repair. And then is the layer by layer closure. So I was just standing there encouraging my wife and all of a sudden I hear a nice loud scream. I said, "Praise God." And my wife said that was the one of the most wonderful sounds she ever heard. That screaming baby after all those hours of labor and everything like that. And the the doctor said, "You want to look, Jesse?" I'm like, "Okay, here I go." And church, I saw a baby covered in blood in a pool of blood. But I it didn't even bother me. I was just thankful to see life. Hallelujah. It was something I'll probably never forget. And I might, as I get older, I might forget, but I took pictures as soon as the baby was over there on the table. They had three people working on towels and wiping off as much as they could. Three people, three grown adults, clean off the child. And we found out later, Brother Bank, the the doctor had to cut through eight layers of skin and all the layers of organs. Eight layers. And I thought, that's about right. We got eight layers on the stature of perfect man. Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, charity. And the church said, "Amen. Hallelujah. Eight layers to make sure life comes forth." Hallelujah. I've never seen so much blood in all my life, but I've also never been so happy in all my life. to see a baby healthy, strong after wondering for days what's going to happen. But is that all the suffering of mom? No, it's really just began. Praise God. Then there's immediate recovery which lasts at least two hours. Local anesthesia starts to wear off. You get the cramps, right? They still get the cramps of of the of the uh of of everything closing up and and and so forth. Then there's all these gas pains, shoulder pains. There's the shiverings that still last. Then there's the early post-operative period, 24 to 70 72 hours. Oh my, there's so much going on here. I I can't get all of it. Then there's the the the recovery is at least 6 weeks. Of course, it needs to go longer than that. You got the uh incision soreness and the itching, the neuropathic twinges, the electric twinges of all the nerves coming back together when they sew all the eight layers, eight layers back together. Then there's back pain. Your your core is weak, your altered gate, I don't even know what that is. And then the emotional landscape. There's relief. There's pride or we'd say joy. There's also disappointment or sometimes people feel guilt about these things. There's the risk of postpartum depression similar to the regular labor. And church, do most of the moms complain? No. They they recognize at the minute, wow, I'm there's pain, there's suffering, but do most of them complain? No. They do it for the child. And the church said, and your mom did it for you. So, how selfless is a mom? She endures all the suffering, all the pain, head to toe pain. Really, she endures it all because like Jesus, hallelujah, was uh for the joy that was set before him. She's looking for the joy of raising this child for the glory of God. And remember friends, there's no greater love that a man had than this than to lay down his life for his friends. And that's what a mother does every time she has a child. She lays down her life for her for her child. I don't know if I told you brothers this yet, but my wife had to have a C-section because of what's called a bandal's ring. The uterus develops a ring and the baby cannot get out. Cannot the natural way. It's called a bandal's ring. And the doctor said, he said, "Uh, Mr. Smith, we've I've only seen this three times and I'm sorry, four times in 30 years. So, church, if there wasn't a such a thing as C-section, my wife and the baby would not be here today. You better believe I'm thankful for education and medicine. Hallelujah. If this was the old days, I'd be a widow right now. A widowerower. But thank God that I was I was praying that this morning in the closet. I said, "Lord, thank you that I live in an hour where knowledge is increased." Praise God. Because I'd be a widowerower if it wasn't for the grace of God. The doctor just did it so easy. I couldn't believe it. It was just so amazing. And this spared her life. But she did it. She was willing to go under the table and be cut through eight layers in order to bring forth life. And how how how much more should we be willing to go through to try to get people to receive eternal life. Praise God. We should preach to him. We should pray for him. We should witness to him. Try to encourage them. We should do everything we can to try to get people to receive eternal life. Hallelujah. That's what a mother does for natural life. She lays down her life. And how many mothers down through the age died like Rachel giving forth their child? Rachel died giving life to Benjamin. Hallelujah. What greater love could there be? No greater love than that. And then church, first, I'm sorry, 3R John 1:4 says, "I have no greater joy than to hear my children walk in the truth. See, the mother's praying one day this child's going to grow up and they're going to love Jesus. They're going to serve Jesus. And then I'll have the greatest joy I could ever have. Is to know that my children are going to keep serving God. They're going to keep going to church. They're going to read their Bible every day. They're going to pray every day. They're going to love God. They're going to give God every day of their lives. That would be the greatest joy they could possibly have to know that they love Jesus just like the mother loved Jesus. Glory. So the mother is cut. She bleeds. She's wounded. She suffers hours in the middle of the night. Day and night, night and day, she suffers. Why? For the baby's sake. Hallelujah. Let me close with this. Friends, that was all natural birth. The mother goes through all that for a natural birth. Let's just look briefly as we close. What did God do for the spiritual birth when the spiritual birth took place on the day of Pentecost? What did God put up with? What did God's spirit in other words like this how many times did God's spirit have to be grieved until the birth was brought forth? Hallelujah. Mothers suffer through so much. What did God have to deal with? Let's look at those 12 apostles. Well, Judas left. So, that's one of them that God had to deal with. A a betrayer. God God let Jesus be betrayed before the birth of the church. Suffering betrayal. Now church, we know the disciples had virtue when they were preaching two by two, but then they lost all their virtue on the night of Jesus's arrest because the Bible prophesied they'd be scattered like sheep. Hallelujah. Because of their fear of arrest. See, church, God put up with this. God put up with the apostles losing all their virtue. They wouldn't even stand with Jesus, right? They wouldn't even stand there with Jesus to try to be a comfort and be a help. They ran for fear after saying, "I'll never leave you, Jesus. I'll die with you, Jesus. Listen to me. Look at these men." See, church, without God, we're nothing. I'm talking about each one of us, male and female. Without God, we have nothing. We can brag and boast and do all these things, but if we don't have God with us, it won't make any difference. we won't have any strength. God's the one who gives us strength. Praise God. Hallelujah. And God had to put up with this grieving of his spirit that his 11 apostles all run. John's only one at the cross. But the Bible said they all were scattered. Knowledge. Jesus' own apostles, they lack the understanding about how men are defiled. Right? They didn't understand Jesus. How are men defiled? by not washing their hands. And Jesus said, "It's it's what comes out of the heart is what defiles us, right? Hallelujah." And they didn't understand the leaven of the doctrine of the Pharisees and Sadducees. They didn't understand Jesus resurrection. So all these times Jesus is teaching them, they're not catching it. And that grieves the Holy Spirit. But church, what was it? It was birth pains. See, this is pains we must go through. Failure after failure, failure leading up to the birth. Amen. Hallelujah. That's what mothers go through. Birth pain. I saw it this week. Birth pain after birth pain, right? Uh what is it called? Uh the I can't remember now. The I can't remember now. My goodness. The pressure. I can't remember the name of it. What's it called? Yeah, contract. There it is. I can't remember that word. It's been a long week. Praise God. Contraction after contraction. Yet, it's bringing forth new life. Hallelujah. Temperance. Remember the disciples lacked temperance uh because they got angry at at James and John because their mother asked if James and John could sit on Jesus right and left hand. They got in indignant with one another, right? And that grieved the Holy Spirit of God. Why would they get mad at each other? And but see, it was bringing forth a birth. It was a contraction to show them we don't worry about who sits on the right hand. Just be in heaven. Hallelujah. Just make the rapture. Praise God for us. Hallelujah. Patience. Remember, they didn't have much patience. They asked to send away the Canaan woman who repeatedly cried for Jesus to heal her vexed daughter, right? They were they were impatient. Oh, just leave here. The master is too busy. Right? They were impatient with moms who wanted their children delivered from demons, but God brought them through the contraction. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Godliness. James and John wanted to call down fire. He said, "Jesus, do you want us to call down fire on these people for rejecting the message?" Jesus said, "You don't even know what spirit you're of. I didn't come to bring judgment this time. I come to bring life and mercy. Praise God." But see, God had to let the church go through contraction. Judgment. Oh, they didn't receive me. I'm upset. I'm angry. I want God to judge them. That was a contraction because God is bringing forth a church. He's bringing forth a baby. Hallelujah. That's right. And brotherly kindness church, they argued about who is the greatest. Like Simon preached on Wednesday night. Divisions in the church. I'm of Apollos. I'm of Peter. I'm of Paul. I'm of Jesus. They're arguing about who's the greatest. And that grieved the Holy Spirit. But it was a contraction trying to get the church to come to who she is. Hallelujah. And then church on that blessed day of Pentecost, they finally got in one accord. They finally started worrying about who's greatest and who's going to sit where and let's judge everybody. What's we should hate these people. They got rid of all that through what? Prayer and meditation. 10 days of prayer, meditation, and pretty soon, I wonder where the first fire appeared. Brother Claude Patrick, I wonder where the first fire appeared. But pretty soon, somebody looked and said, "Oh, there's a fire over brother Peter. Oh, there's a fire. Oh, there's one over me." And they started praising God. What was it? God had brought forth the church. The church was coming forth. And they were uh they the church was was seen. And now the church is alive. And everybody can see new life has come forth. They didn't stay there. They went out in the streets praising God because they had a new life. They had joy for the spiritual baptism of the birth. Hallelujah. Oh my my goodness. God put up with all Peter's denies. Denied Christ three times. God put up with that sin. All the disciples forsook him and fled like sheep scattered. God was Jesus was forgotten about. Jesus was spoken against. And Peter said, "I never even knew him." What was that? That was a contraction. It's something the church had to go through until God brought forth deliverance. Until God brought forth new life. Church, if you need new life, Jesus is here today. Praise God. Let's stand to our feet. Hallelujah. Amen. A mother's compassion on the son of her womb. Praise God. Let's bow our heads here today.
