################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-04 - (12-3-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 28 - Jesse Smith - Jesse Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-04
Title:    (12-3-25) Book of Corinthians, Part 28 - Jesse Smith
Speaker:  Jesse Smith
Church:   Bride of Christ Fellowship
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tzFldKab24
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
The reality is his wife has made herself ready. Hallelujah. So, it's a great promise. Hallelujah. His wife has made herself ready. We just want to be made ready by the grace of God. 1 Corinthians 15. Let's go to verse 12. Trust you've been enjoying this series. I'm trying to finish it up here. I've been focusing mainly on this uh to get this uh book done. It's been a great book. I think it's tied in perfectly uh with what our church has gone through the last couple years here by God's grace and a lot of great lessons from here as well by the grace of God. I forgot to pray for brother Greg. So we'll read our verse and we'll pray for him. That's the one thing I forgot while I was singing. I was like that's right. I forgot brother Greg. So and I invited him back to church. So thanks. Keep inviting him brother Chris. That was really good you invited him. It's so nice to see visitors by God's grace. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Sure. Amen. Amen. So, we got through verses 1- 11 on Sunday, and I will read, we'll try to get uh if we can from 12 to 34 tonight if that's possible. Kind of see how that goes. Like I said, I'll try to preach a little shorter here. I think somebody's got to get up at 4:45 tomorrow. So, I just want to be mindful of that. Thoughtful of that. verse 12. If you're there, say amen. &gt;&gt; 1 Corinthians 15:12. We'll just read that one verse here and then we'll have a word of prayer uh for brother Greg. I asked him right at the table. I said, "Brother Greg, are you saved?" He said, "Yes, sir, I'm saved." So, I trust he is saved. Hallelujah. That was a good answer. Of course, God knows all hearts and but if he's really saved and wants to get right with God, we'd be a great church to come to. Hallelujah. Uh but any other Bible believing church, you know, we just want to see people serving the Lord. Hallelujah. Verse 12. Let's read that on three. Ready? One, two, three. Now if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some of you that there is no resurrection of the dead. Amen. Let's have a word of prayer. If you have a need on your heart, let's make an order to God. We also pray for brother Greg. God, we thank you again for today. Thank you for the songs of Zion. It just lifts our spirits, Lord. It's so wonderful to hear the saints shout out, sing out, praise your holy name, Lord God. And I imagine, Lord, we'll be doing this all throughout eternity. So Lord, it never gets old. As brother Random said, I never get my fill of singing. As Ephesians chapter 4 says, be filled with the spirit, singing unto each other in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs. Lord God, it's such a blessing to sing and worship, Lord. That's one of our attributes as priests unto God, giving the sacrifice of praise with our lips, Lord God. So, we're grateful for this opportunity. Bless all the saints. They made a a great effort to be here. Seems like a lot more people here tonight. It's a good feeling, Lord. And we're grateful for all the sacrifices, Lord, that have been made to be in your house here tonight. So, God, minister to your people by the Holy Spirit. I can help no one. It takes the only real preacher, the Lord Jesus Christ. So, Lord Jesus, just use me. Use the word, Lord, and use uh the prayers at the end, Lord, to magnify your holy name, Jesus, and meet the needs of your people. Remember our dear brother Greg. Lord, it was nice to meet him and he had some good knowledge of the word, Lord. Said he was raised in church, but Father, he's going through difficult times, Lord. And maybe that's why, Lord, that he came because he's going through difficult times to drive him to church. But remember him, Lord, his in his mind, in his body, wherever the needs are, maybe relationships. Lord God, I know he said he and his wife would like to have children. So, Father, you know all things, dear God. Lord, minister to our dear friend and Lord, uh, this new friend I'd say we have, Lord, and help us, Lord God, to encourage him to come back, Lord God. Bless Brother Chris for being a witness, inviting him to church, Lord God. That's a real good sign, Lord, that you're working in more and more in Brother Chris's life. So, we thank you for that, Lord God. And bless our brother again on his birthday. Father, take this word that we've read, break it to our hearts now. We pray that we could understand, as the Bible said, to grow in grace and the knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. And let's remember every word in your Bible is thus sayith the Lord. May our hearts receive thus sayith the word of God tonight in Jesus Christ's name. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." God bless you as you're being seated. Praise the Lord. Look forward to this weekend. You know, we got brother Cam coming. So I look forward to that. Two services there on Sunday. So that'll be a wonderful time in the Lord. It's been a while since we've seen our brother. I just remember the last time he came. You know, Austin was so blessed by the word. He's like, "That meant so much to me." And so I was really grateful for that. And we've had so many wonderful testimonies uh with brother Cam down through the years, you know. Um last time I was there, I shared it with some of the I shared it with his home churches how Cam and Simon have been such a blessing to us and God has done a lot of wonderful things. Uh answered prayers and so forth. So uh let's just be ready to pull on the word of God on Sunday, right? Just like you do when I preach. You're such a great audience. Everybody listens and pays attention and I appreciate that. If you put up with me, you'll do a great job with anybody else. Hallelujah. Amen. So, we got through verses 1 through 11. And here tonight, we'll try to get from 12 to 34. This amazing chapter right here, this is just a powerful uh Holy Ghost anointed chapter. There's so many great truths in here. I was reading down through uh some commentaries and the first 11 verses we preached on that was used by you know Calvin uh Martin Luther uh many of the reformers down through the years just use those first 11 verses to kind of ground the people in the faith right because now we know how Paul started the church we know what he preached &gt;&gt; he preached Jesus Christ died for our sins was buried and then he raised according to the scripture &gt;&gt; that's how he started part of the church. Hallelujah. And if we're expecting something more than that, well, then we've got another thing coming. Hallelujah. We're not getting to heaven except through the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And all the additional revelations, yes, that's part of it. But the foundation is faith in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So, just neat, neat, and wonderful to see that. Refreshing to to see that by God's grace. And today, we'll look at the resurrection of the dead. I think it was Claude had a question about this uh text a few months ago. So, I think I I touched it a few months ago, but we'll get through here by God's grace. Now, we looked at Paul has at least three purposes for writing this chapter to promote faithfulness because Paul realized people can fall away from faith. &gt;&gt; Just like the Bible said, Jesus said, "You can have that seed there on your ground, but then Satan can come and snatch it away." Well, at one point they had it, right? They received it at one point, but they didn't stand in it. And Paul said, "There's three steps. You got to receive it, stand in it, and then you have to remember it. Hallelujah. Keep it in memory. That was in verse three. Hallelujah. So he said he's promoting faithfulness through remembering the word of God. How many love when you remember something that you've forgotten? Right? Don't you love that? Oh, I remember that. That was so beautiful. How could I forget that? Well, you could forget because so many days and nights happened to you. Amen. Month after month, year after year, trial after trial. That's why you forget. But God's Holy Spirit will bring all things to remembrance at the time you need it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Second, he said he wanted to assure the believers of their future bodily resurrection. As we'll look at here tonight, he said, "How can some of you say that? That there's no resurrection from the dead." Think about that. A church filled with tongues, interpretation, prophecy. Everybody had a gift. And yet some of them didn't even believe in a resurrection. That's quite a paradox to understand that you don't believe in a resurrection. You just believe in there's only power now. There's no power after death. But see, they sure believed in the power in the church, right? They sure believed in all the operation of the gifts, but some of them did not believe there was power after death. And then third, his third reason was explaining how the dead are raised and which bodies they possess. So this is an this is a wonderful chapter. This chapter tells more about the resurrection than the rest of the entire Bible. &gt;&gt; Right? Now, how did Paul know this? He met Jesus in the deserts of Arabia. Right? For three years, three and a half years, he was there and he received the revelation from the Lord Jesus. And then when the questions came up, he could address each and every one, write with thus sayeth the Lord, writing scripture to them. Imagine the Bible said it was God breathed. When Paul was writing that or had some other man write it for him, it was as if God was breathing the thoughts onto the paper. And we get to read it tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. So, as I said, we'll try to uh preach 30 minutes here now. Let's see if that's possible. by God's grace. Hallelujah. I think I've done it before. Haven't I done 30 minutes before? Okay. Yeah. Case is a witness. All right. So, it's possible. I thought it was possible, too. Now, if Christ be preached that he rose from the dead, how say some of you that there is no resurrection of the of the dead? So, Paul's starting a new paragraph here. That's what that uh Bill Crow, is that what that was called? I forget the name of it already. It was in my notes earlier. Certain paragraph symbol there. So Paul says, "How can some of you deny our resurrection if you believe preachers claiming Jesus is resurrected?" How can Jesus raise but not his followers? &gt;&gt; So some people would recognize, "Well, Jesus rose. That's what they're preaching." But then some of them would say, "Well, we're not going to raise. Just Jesus is going to raise." &gt;&gt; So Paul says, "How is this possible?" Um he says, "But if there's no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen?" So he he goes right away to the general resurrection. If there's no general resurrection, then Jesus didn't raise &gt;&gt; because he knows what he's going to introduce later about the first fruits. And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain and your faith is also vain? Now if you study the history, you know, uh Corinth was near, of course, Athens and a lot of the wisdom and philosophy came out of the Greeks, right? Now the Greeks, a lot of the philosophers of the Greek uh philosophy uh they believed the body was an absolute curse basically and to die was actually being set free. Now there is some truth to that and the church said I do agree there's some truth in that right brother Ram calls it a pest house right you now we want to keep this as healthy as we can right we want to we want to stay away from sickness as much as we can but what what we're saying is we just we despise the sin nature it's like why do I have to be trapped in the sin nature all the time why can't I just get a break from this sin nature right but now the Greeks of course without faith in Jesus they took that thought and took it too far and they just believe when you die you're finally set free and then you don't have to worry about it anymore and of course they might have believed in different things after life but of course they didn't believe in Christ but that thought had spread over into Corinth because remember it's a religious it was a religious city very religious and wealthy as well and so they had trade between all these great cities so it had spilled over into the church but God sent a prophet to clear up their ideas &gt;&gt; just like God sent a prophet named William Brham to clear up our ideas amend always sends a prophet as we did our Bible study a couple Sunday nights ago, right? When there was a flood, what did God do? Sent a prophet. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Uh when God wanted to do anything, what did he do? When he wanted to give two tables of stone, what did he do? He sent a prophet. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. When he wanted when he wanted to send his son Jesus Christ, what he do? He sent a forerunner named John the Baptist. He sent a prophet. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And before he finishes the gentile dispensation, what does he do? He sends Elijah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; A man with the spirit of Elijah. That's right. &gt;&gt; Now, so he lists three three powerful statements here. Yay. If that's true, if there is no resurrection, we are false witnesses. Now, the Bible said the spirit bears witness that our spirit that we are the sons of God. Now, Paul's the one that wrote that to the Romans, right? But he's saying here, if there's no resurrection, then none of you are witnesses. &gt;&gt; You cannot have a witness of Christ unless there is a resurrection. Because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ whom he raised not up. If so be that the dead rise not. Hallelujah. So if nobody's rising, then Jesus didn't rise. &gt;&gt; So here we just in summary, look at this. Paul's making a statement here. If there's no general resurrection of everybody, then Christ is not raised. Our preaching is useless. Our faith is vain or empty. And we are liars. &gt;&gt; All of us are liars. That's right. &gt;&gt; If Jesus Christ did not raise from the dead and there's no general resurrection. &gt;&gt; So the resurrection is foundational for Christianity. &gt;&gt; Without the resurrection, we don't have anything. &gt;&gt; And the church said &gt;&gt; that's why brother Ram said over and over the greatest of all days was Easter. &gt;&gt; Now we we don't like to use that word. So resurrection day. &gt;&gt; All right. If that word stumbles you, forgive me. You know, I don't use that word a lot. What we want to say is resurrection day, brother Chris. Well, Easter was the word that the pagans used for their celebration right around that time, right? So, the Bible mentions the word Easter, but it's actually identifying that pagan celebration. And so then people over the years have just well, we'll just call it Easter. But I over the years I've I've gone against that. I call it resurrection Sunday because I don't want to be attached to pagan things. But anyone that knows me knows my heart. I'm not trying to live a pagan life. I'm trying to live a Holy Ghost fil life. &gt;&gt; So if I use the word Easter, forgive me. I don't mean to. It's resurrection day. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Or we could call it first fruits day. We could do that. If you really want to get real Hebrewaic or real real Hebrew and get back to that, we'll call it first fruits day. Hallelujah. So without the resurrection, church, we have absolutely no hope of coming here tonight. Right? &gt;&gt; If there's no resurrection, we could take our Bibles and it' be sacrilegious to do this, but burn them or throw them in the trash or throw them. If there's no resurrection, then there's no use of anything that we're doing here tonight. But if there is a resurrection, &gt;&gt; amen, then everything we do has an eternal blessing attached to it. Praise God. Amen. That's what Paul, that's the point Paul's trying to make. Now, think about this, church. On top of all the other sins, then Paul had to deal with this. on top of suing people, sexual immorality, divisions about the favorite preachers, rich people, pe people getting drunk, women preachers, people not Christians not being generous. ON TOP OF ALL THAT, NOW WE got half the church saying there's no resurrection. Talk about a church with problems. And as I said, church, we don't have any of these problems. So, thank you, church. Let me just thank you as a pastor. Can I just thank everybody for not taking on evil spirits? Thank you. Because who would have to deal with that? Likely me, right? Because if there's a problem, go talk to the pastor. It's not, well, there's a problem, go talk to a brother, sister, which is okay. I understand that. That's what I signed up for. Hallelujah. But I just thank you for keeping the Holy Spirit in your life and not getting doctrines of devils. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's my thanks to you. And we're in the season of Thanksgiving. Hallelujah. Now, if you ever heard of this man, now he's not a message believer, but he's a good apologist named Wes Huff. He uses the historical apologetic argument for the resurrection of Jesus. And his case for the strength of the resurrection is really powerful. First, you have the empty tomb. That's a historical fact. You have eyewitness claims over 500 at once. The Bible said we we went through them on Sunday because that's in chapter 15 as well. The credible death by crucifixion. So all the historians record that Jesus died by crucifixion, right? And then I'll even add in uh oh yeah next the rapid early growth of Christianity and it's powerful because all these men ran away from Jesus and then after that they all died for Jesus. And don't forget this is totally different than the Muslim religion. They when they die they kill people. But when Christians die they're the only ones that die. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Totally different. It shows it's a totally different spirit. Praise God. It's the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And then third, you have such powerful early documentation. I'm just going to give a few uh because I've heard these videos over the years. I like listening to them because I like seeing how how strong Christianity is, just the historical fact of it, right? Uh there's more historical evidence for Jesus resurrection than any other event in the history of mankind. We have over 25,000 copies of the 27 New Testament books. 27,000. Now, because all the copies of copies over the years, they've just compiled up. In other words, of all the historical documents, which one did people want to copy the most over the years? The Bible. So, it proves the Bible's way more important than any other document or historical resource. And then we have over 17,000 for the Old Testament. Now these are super important too because all the prophecies of Jesus's resurrection that's one thing that separates the Bible from any other book. No other book has such accuracy accuracy 100% accuracy on prophetic events. No other book can even come close to it. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. So that's why the Old Testament documents are so important. So these copies that we have these over 30 looks like I'm sorry 42 42,000 copies they have the highest textual accuracy of any documents ever kept in other words whoever copied them gave their life and put every effort into it to make sure it was the right copy because remember people were dying to make copies of the Bible right many men and women have died mostly men but many men men copying Bibles have died to try to produce one copy I heard this week that in the old days before the Gutenberg impressed. It took 10 months to copy one Bible. 10 months. Think about all the effort that would go into copy every single word for 10 months. And church. And then we have a hard time reading it. Hallelujah. When we go through trials, if we're not devoted, if we backslide, right? We must remember all the sacrifices that went into this. God God protected this. The Bible said he did it for every generation. So, it's here for you. It's here for your children. It's here for your family. Let's access it. Hallelujah. Let's live by it. Hallelujah. Amen. Also, the copies are the closest copies to the originals of any documents on earth. And we have solid confidence we have what the early Christians wrote. Hallelujah. Now we can have more confidence uh in the ineresy of scripture than any other historical events and other books such as some of these you've heard. They have uh historians have uh documents from a long time ago. But the the New Testament Old Testament documents we have many more of those in comparison to any other historical document. Homer's Iliad, which was a poem written about the Trojan War. It's written about 500 years after the Trojan War. They have copies of that, right? And they're historically accurate supposedly, but the Bible has way more. Hallelujah. Julius Caesar's assassination around 44 BC. They have copies of that, right? They they've they have record of that, but it pales in comparison to Jesus Christ's martyrdom and resurrection. &gt;&gt; Then you have Alexander the Great, who was not great. There's only one great one. &gt;&gt; That's Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; But even his uh his death was around 336 BC. Remember he was the third step in Daniel's vision. Remember you have Babylon, messes the Persians, ancient Grecians, right? So he was the brass on that image of the man. And then Rome was the iron and the clay was Romanism and Protestantism. And the church said, well Ram said that was thus sayith the Lord. He said Romanism will rule at the end time, not communism. He said that's thus sayith the Lord because of Daniel chapter 2. Hallelujah. But we have writings about him. We have historical records of him. But we still have way more records of Jesus Christ. And then Socrates, this famous philosopher from he died around 399 BC. We have some of his writings, but none none of that worldly wisdom compares to the wisdom of the Holy Ghost that we have today. &gt;&gt; Amen. I just thought I'd lay that in there because I like stuff like that. Amen. I like to know where I stand. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Verse 16. For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised? So if all of us don't get raised, then Jesus wasn't raised. If Christ be not raised, your faith is vain. And listen, you're yet in your sins. So the resurrection was absolutely crucial for forgiveness of sins. Why? because it proved death was defeated. Amen. The wage of sin is what? &gt;&gt; The w So your payment, your paycheck for all your sins was death. But death was defeated. So that means your payment has already been paid for. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Your sin debt has already been paid for. It's called a ransom. Jesus paid your ransom. Now you don't have to be uh you don't have to be killed. You don't have to be tortured for your sins. Jesus already took that curse upon him. Hallelujah. And the price is paid for. And now you've got hope because Jesus Christ took the punishment for your sins. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I'll say it like this, church. Look at me. You're not in your sins. You're forgiven. &gt;&gt; Let's say let's say this. Let's say I am not in my sins. Let's say it together. Ready? I am not in my sins. Where am I? I'm hid in Christ Jesus. That's where you are, church. And if the devil fights you on that, take him right to here. I'm not my sins. How do you know Jesus rose from the grave? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He perfectly loosed me, right? He washed me, which means perfectly. And if it's a perfect sacrifice, it's perfect forgiveness. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And if he took the curse, there can be no more curse because he perfectly took all the curse. And that means all the blessing is on you and I. &gt;&gt; Oh, I like those amens. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Verse 18. Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished. Hallelujah. So if Jesus didn't raise, you're still in your sins. And all the ones you loved and your ancestors that were believers, they're not saved either. &gt;&gt; So look, he just puts all this weight on this. He's putting all the weight that Jesus resurrected. All this weight. Everything in our faith is stacked upon the resurrection of Jesus Christ. And then the Bible says you get a down payment of it. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. And the Bible says in Romans, if you've been quick, if you've got that spirit in you, it'll also quicken your mortal body. &gt;&gt; If you have a portion of that spirit, then the the Holy Spirit will come upon your body and quicken it and raise it up and make it live. If you've even got a portion of that Holy Spirit, &gt;&gt; what a down payment. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Glory to God. Verse 19, we're making good progress here. Hallelujah. in if in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are men most miserable. Now, we've all we've all experienced this. All of us sometimes walk around, we're like we're just miserable because we're going through so many battles and we're in the US and we get spoiled. You don't have to say amen. You can just say ouch, right? We live in the US and everything is just easily handed to us and we really don't know how hard trials can be until somebody gets cancer, you know, some car accident, some tragedy strikes, right? &gt;&gt; Because our life is so blessed. God has so blessed America. But the early believers didn't have that uh blessing. They had to pray, "God, give me this day, my daily bread." They had to wonder, "Where's my next meal coming from?" Right? They didn't have Aldi. They didn't have uh Walmart. They didn't have all these grocery stores they could go to. They literally had to pray, "Give me today, Lord, some food today." Hallelujah. But that's the hour that we're living in. We can't change it. Right. And we don't want to change it. We don't want to change it. Right. Right? We don't want to get rid of all the food and uh have to live like that. But I just want to bring this up that he says we are the most miserable if there's no resurrection. So church, let's just take the attitude, let's not be miserable. Let's be thankful. Hallelujah. We have so much hope. We have eternal hope in Christ. We can't even put into words how much hope we have. So let us not be miserable, but let us be thankful. Let us be holy. Let us have hope for the future. Only those who don't have faith in Jesus Christ should be miserable. You and I should not be miserable. &gt;&gt; We should be hopeful by God's grace. I just want to emphasize that point. But now is Christ risen from the dead. In other words, we're not to be miserable and become the first fruits of them that slept. Hallelujah. So now Paul gets in this thought I mentioned earlier. Paul's going to say the reason everybody resurrects is because the first fruit resurrected. Remember on the 16th day of Nissan, they had the the feast of the first fruits, right? You had Passover on the 14th day that was fulfilled by Jesus's crucifixion. Then you have the feast of unleaven bread that was fulfilled as Jesus uh going down to hell, right? Uh getting the keys of death in hell. And then you have the 16th day, the first the feast of first fruits that was anti-ype or that was fulfilled through Jesus's resurrection. And that was the first fruits of barley waved before the people. And that was waved to let everybody know if the first fruits came to maturity, the rest will come to maturity. &gt;&gt; If the first fruits raised, everything else will raise. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And so Jesus is raised first into eternal life and then he raised many of the Old Testament saints. Not all, but many. The Bible said the graves were open and many bodies of the saints which slept arose and came out of the graves after his resurrection and went to the holy city and appeared unto many. Now you remember this. The Bible says it plainly many of the saints. So Gideon was one of the furthest ones away. He was buried near Bethl. of David and Solomon and all the faithful believers that were buried there in Jerusalem, the city of David. And Abraham, Sarah, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, all their bones were in Hebrron, just about 20 miles south of Jerusalem. And they all wanted their bones to be there. They all wanted their bones to be near Jerusalem. Why? Because they knew the Messiah. And I would say Job's in there, too. Hallelujah. Ezekiel, Daniel, all the Old Testament saints. Hallelujah. They all wanted their bones there because they knew one day they would see their redeemer as Job said, "I know my redeemer liveth and I'll stand with him on the earth at the last day. And though the skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh, amen, resurrected flesh, I shall see God." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And so that's why they went and got uh Saul's bones. And that's why they went and got Samson's bones and they brought him to Jerusalem because they they knew there was a resurrection. And they knew God, if God made that body, he's not done with it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Although that body falls apart, God's able to put it back together. &gt;&gt; They knew our bodies are in the image of Almighty God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And that's where the Greeks missed it, right? They didn't realize, yes, the body's a trial, but the body is also in the image of Almighty God. And therefore, it's holy. Therefore, it's God's creation, and God's not done with it. GOD IS JUST GETTING STARTED WITH IT. HALLELUJAH. God's going to resurrect that body and give it a glorified condition and you can get to enjoy that body eternally world and ages without end. &gt;&gt; Now for some of us who are shorter, we hope we get a bigger body. &gt;&gt; For the some of us who don't like some parts of our body, like I heard a man say, "I hope I'm resurrected with buff muscles or something like that." Now that's super carnal. But the point is God is not done with this body. God created that body. And remember the Bible said God knit your body together in your mother's womb. Hallelujah. And we know God's a God of variety, right? And so we just we have to respect God's choosing, right? Although we might feel a certain way about our bodies or something like that. Uh we might be discouraged or something or feel less than church. We're not less than. God made us into just his perfect plan. All things work together for good that that that love the Lord and them that are called according to God's purpose. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Verse 21. For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. So I like this thinking. Man produced death. So man has to produce life. And these are the simple truths. How is Paul going to prove to haters that don't believe in the resurrection? He's just got to use simple arguments like this. You either accept it or you don't. Right. And that reminds me of something I gota look up here. U so don't forget here. I just thought about that. It's in Timothy. Just bear with me here. I'm going to bring it up in just a moment. There it is. Glory. So get that just a moment. Verse 22. For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive. Hallelujah. Now, this is interesting, too. I just put this thought in here. Adam caused all men to die. It says all, but almost all because Enoch didn't die. Unless there's some mystery in there. We don't know, right? Because the Bible the Bible thus sayith the Lord. So, this could be hyperbole. It's probably hyperbole, right? Or maybe Enoch's got to come back and die. I don't know, right? We don't know. Hallelujah. And Elijah to die. Now, we believe it seems likely that Elijah and Moses will come back and Elijah will have to die. It seems like that, but maybe not. Okay. Uh yeah. Well, I'm not ready for that other part with Moses. But so, uh Adam caused all men to die. Therefore, Jesus causes all to live. This is his reasoning. Man produced death. Man produces life. Adam caused all to die. Jesus made all to live. These are his reasonings. And we've got to believe it. Hallelujah. If not, church, we're just the most miserable people on earth. But I don't want to live a miserable life. I want people to look at me. He's a happy. He's a joyful man. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "He's a joyful person." What's he always smiling about? Because Jesus loves me. Hallelujah. Amen. As I said, my wife loves me. My children love me. Why should I not be happy? Amen. The church loves me. Everybody loves me. All my friends in the saints, Jose loves me. Amen. All these people love me. Why should I be happy? Praise God. Amen. Verse 23. But every man is resurrected in his own order. Christ the first fruits. Afterward they that are Christ at his coming. So again, we see God is the God of order. He makes sure the gifts are in order. The headship of the home and the church is in order. And he makes sure resurrections go in order. Everything's in order. Now, this is where some people go too far and they say, "Well, if it's an order, then we can predict the day of the rapture, right? Because it's an order, right? Like they try to predict it. Some fool tried to pred predicted last year around the time of the tabernacles. Tabernacles don't represent the rapture. Tabernacles represent the millennium. &gt;&gt; It just just with that fact alone, these people should have known that these people are deceived. Other all and that's on top of Jesus saying, "No man knows the day or the hour." It's just foolish. But see that they see they see some truth that God's a God of order like Jesus resurrection. Well, that was on the actual feast of first fruits. That was and so they think because of that, you know, 2,000 later, years later, God might do that again. Well, he might, but he might not. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And it's foolish to try to know the day or the hour. It's foolish to do that, brother Chris. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And he will, brother. He will because all men will try to guess and he'll make sure it's a day they can't guess and they're also not looking for him. But the Bible says to all that love him, he'll appear unto them. Hallelujah. So, we have to love his appearing. We won't know the day or the hour, but we'll love that he's coming. Hallelujah. Good question, brother. Good question. All right, I'm almost done here. Hard to believe. I'm almost done already. But, uh, verse 24. This is a beautiful thought. Now, I cannot I still to this day I can't fully explain this, but it's in the scripture. Now, he jumps into the godhead. Who would have thought with the resurrection? Now Paul said, "We'll jump into let me give you a godhead nugget." Then come at the end when he shall deliver up the kingdom of God. Did you know Jesus has to deliver up the kingdom of God? Everybody know that he's going to give the kingdom back to the father. Everybody know that. Isn't that what any faithful son would do? If your father gave you something to take care for a while, wouldn't you give it back to him? I don't know, brother Jesse. That's what God did. That's what Jesus is going to do. Jesus will give the kingdom back to his father after he puts down all rule, all authority, and all power. So Jesus has full power over the kingdom now. And the Bible says we see we serve a kingdom that cannot be moved. Nothing can shake the Holy Ghost kingdom that we're a part of. &gt;&gt; And we know Jesus Christ is not the king of this world. Satan's the king of this world, but Jesus is the king of saints. &gt;&gt; So Jesus is the king of this spiritual kingdom. He's not the king of the earth yet. &gt;&gt; Right? Satan has all these rulers. He's the god of this evil age, God of this evil world. He's not king of this world yet. Now he's king over all the universe. Right? But right now, he's king of a spiritual invisible kingdom that rules over our lives every single day. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Because the Bible said the kingdom of God is within you. And you're supposed to seek ye first the kingdom of God. So every day you're seeking God. Let your kingdom grow in me. In other words, rule my life so that my life helps your kingdom to grow. So after the first fruits, after all the order of everybody gets resurrected, then comes the end where Jesus gives the kingdom back to the father. Now there's there's three domains here, right? He said he's got to get victory over all the rule, all the authority and power. And I tried to make sense of this so you could understand it. He's got to get power over all the spiritual rulers like the prince of Persia, like the prince of America, &gt;&gt; right? Let's let's bring it to our day. Right? Like the prince of Rome. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. All these demon powers that rule over. Jesus has to bring all those rulers down. And he will. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He has to get victory over with all authority. And those are the civil governments because the Bible said there's no power, there's no authority but of God. So God will conquer the actual civil authorities. He'll conquer every nation. Hallelujah. And then he's got to get uh victory over every power. And the Bible said the pope antichrist has power with signs and lying wonders. So he's got to bring down the antichrist power. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's awesome. It's kind of like a cat in a mouse, right? You've seen we've seen cats. I've seen my cat just throw mice around, right? Smack the mice around. And that's what Jesus when he comes back, he's going to take the pope and just the pope antichrist and just throw him in the lake of fire. Hallelujah. That's might be a little hard thing to to imagine, but that's the truth. He's going to get power. I'm sorry. He's going to get victory over all three of these areas. All the rule, all the authority, and all the power. King Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; For he must reign till. So, did you know there's an end to Jesus's reign? &gt;&gt; And it's okay that I don't get many amens on that because I don't fully understand it either. All I can say is amen. It's the word. Can I explain it? No, I can't. Don't expect me to unless you can explain it. Hallelujah. But he will reign until he hath put all enemies under his feet. The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death because death and hell are cast into the lake of fire. Hallelujah. For he hath put all things under his feet. God God put all things under Jesus' feet. But when he saith all things are put under him, it is manifest or clear that he is accepted or outside or beyond or besides which did put all things under him. Now, I don't quite fully understand that verse, but it just shows that Jesus had everything put under him by God. And so, when Jesus has fully accomplished it, he's going to give it all back to God because that's the headship of eternity. Hallelujah, brother Chris. Yes, for sure. Yeah, for sure. Yep. Good question. Yeah, for sure. Uh yeah, because the Bible said the fullness of the godhead body dwelt in Christ. Yeah, the Bible never says well u he said yeah he said I I'm dead I was alive and I live forever more. So that body, that glorified body of Jesus is always going to be the image of God because the Bible said he is the image of the invisible God. Very good question. But it seems like the reigning or the control over the kingdom, that body, Jesus will give it back to the father. I can't explain it, but I believe it. And when all things shall be subdued unto him, then shall the son also himself be subject unto him, the father that put all things under him, that God may be all in all. I imagine Paul just blew everybody's mind in Corinth. They were just asking about the resurrection. Now Paul goes all the way back to the after all the resurrections, then it all go Jesus gives everything back to God the father. Okay, Paul, you you lost me. That's what I would have said if I would have been a church. I would have said, "Amen." But I don't understand it. I believe it. Paul, you met Jesus. You got all the requirements in in the book of Second Corinthians. He goes through all of his resume of how he was a a true apostle of God, but I don't understand it. And even Peter said, he writes some things that are hard to understand. Do you remember that verse? Yeah. Peter says that he said, "But the evil men twist or rest the scriptures and make Paul say something that he didn't say." And he said, "They'll be condemned for that. So the son after every enemy's defeat after death is put away the pope antichrist all these things even the son then will be subject or obedient unto God. So God can be all in all. So right now God is not all in all. I don't understand it. But God will be all in all after every enemy is defeated and Jesus gives the kingdom back to God. Hallelujah. Brother Ram explains it like this, brother Chris. He said, "On top of Mount Zion will set the lamb." Speaking of uh the new Jerusalem, "And the city will need no light, for the lamb is the light thereof, and above the lamb will be the father, which is the logos, God, the great light, that eternal light that'll shine just above the throne." So brother Ram his idea was Jesus will sit Jesus will sit on the throne on the new Jerusalem but then there will be a pillar of fire over his head to remind us or some pillar of fire to remind us that Jesus is even under the headship of the father that's what brother Ram says all all we all the scripture we have is that Jesus is the light so that city will not need the sun or the moon that's what the scripture says and Jesus will not be on his father's throne he'll be on his throne and the father will hover over the son. I see I like this just because it's just it's just one idea. It's not thus sayith the Lord. Just one idea. The father will hover over the son which the father and son will be one. And while they're yet speaking, the Old Testament says, I'll answer. Before they can think, I'm thinking for them. This is how much God is going to possess each one of us. The Bible says that before they call, God will answer. So they get ready to say, "Lord, what should I do?" And the answer will already come before you can even get it out. It's kind of like when your phone's ringing, right? You go to your phone, but before you even go there, the answer's already there, right? When just as soon as you need something, oh, it'll be there. Glory. That's how much God wants to be one with us. Praise God. That's right. And Jesus will commit, here it is, a perfect age to a perfect living God that he has redeemed and give give over to the father. He said, "Is that right? We'll turn to God the Father, which is spirit, invisible spirit, not a man. Spirit, all nature of goodness gathered together. That's God." And again, I don't understand all this, brother Mercy, but I believe it. Hallelujah. Jesus has to commit it back to the father. Father, I've been faithful. I've done everything you told me to do. I'm committing this back to you, Father. I'm now becoming in subjection to you. But I thought Jesus was always in subject to the father. He is. But this must be another level. Hallelujah. Because that's what the Bible says. I just believe the Bible, brother Patrick. I don't I don't I don't claim to understand everything, but I believe everything. We're almost done. Now, this is one uh Claude asked me about this summer. Else what shall they do which are not which are baptized for the dead if the dead rise not at all? Why are they, notice he doesn't say us, why are we, or he doesn't say we, I should have put in there, why are they, not we, then baptized for the dead. Paul's not teaching baptism for the dead here. He's simply recognizing that it exists amongst the Corinthians. Someone is baptizing for the dead. He's asking, "If the dead do not rise, then why are there groups baptizing for the dead? He's just making a point. Now, church, you have to remember this. Just because something's in the Bible doesn't mean the Bible's teaching you to do it. &gt;&gt; Let me give you a couple examples. Just because Saul went to the witch witch of Andor, that's not teaching you to go to witches. &gt;&gt; It's in the Bible, but it's not teaching you to go to witches. Now, this can be serious for the brothers. Just because Paul circumcised Timothy doesn't mean you brothers got to go circumcise another man. It's in the Bible. But Paul's not teaching you what to do. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Those just two examples I can teach you, right, brother?" So you have to understand, he's not saying, "We baptize for the dead." He's just recognizing some people do it. Well, why do they do it if there's no resurrection? Now, that's one way to look at it. Brother Brandham looks at it this way. Look what Brother Ram says. Brother Brandham says this, "Esest what shall they do which are baptized for the dead?" In other words, the dead is the Lord Jesus Christ if the Lord Jesus Christ rises not at all. In other words, why do they baptize for the the dead Lord Jesus if the rest of the dead rise not at all? That's what brother Brandon says, which that makes sense. That's kind of hard for me to understand, but it does make sense. He says in 1954, Paul speaking here was talking of the dead Jesus Christ. And remember in 1 Corinthians, I believe it's chapter 1, the Bible says, uh, you you're baptized in the name of the one who died for you. Let me get that real quick. That way, you got it. And I still got my other verse here. I'm going to close with that one. Yeah, there it is. It's It's If you have your Bible, 1 Corinthians 1:13. I'm going long here. I I got to I got to finish it. Uh, verse 12. Now this I say that every one of you saith, I'm of Paul. I am of Apollos. I'm of Cphus, and I have Christ. Is Christ divided? Was Paul crucified for you or were you baptized in the name of Paul? There it is. That proves you're baptized in the name of the one who was crucified, &gt;&gt; the dead one who raised again from the dead. So brother says, see, Paul's here talking of the dead Jesus Christ. If the dead rise not, why are you baptizing in Jesus Christ's name then if the dead rise not? So that's another that seems to be a very likely understanding of that verse. In other words, in other words, you're baptizing for the dead, Lord Jesus Christ. Right? Why are you doing that if the dead don't rise? Hallelujah. Because Jesus defeated death. Hallelujah. Okay. And then we're getting down to the end here. Yeah. Last last few verses. We're almost to verse 34. Now, if you have your Bible, go to second Timothy um verse uh 2 Timothy 2:15, Paul says uh so so he gives he gives one reason. He said they're baptizing for the dead. Why would they do that if there's no resurrection? Here's another example. He says, "And Paul continues to poke holes in their arguments and their false teachings about no resurrection. And why do we stand in jeopardy every hour?" In other words, why do we risk our lives if there's no resurrection? Right? Why if there's no if if this is all we had, I wouldn't risk my life. I do everything to protect my life if there's no resurrection. Hallelujah. Now, this is this has always been a just a a difficult wording to understand, but it's because I'm not smart enough. It's not because Paul's super smart. And remember, Peter said, "Some things are hard to understand, but I've just never been smart." So, I looked it up in some commentaries by Matthew Henry and Albert Barnes and Jameson Falset Brown, and they all kind of agreed on this. He said, 'I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord. I die daily. In other words, I'm putting my life on the line every single day because there is a resurrection. Now, here's another way to say it. In other words, I'm so certain of the resurrection hope in Jesus Christ for all of you Corinthians that I put my life on the line every single day. That's how convinced I am there's a resurrection. &gt;&gt; Church, I don't know if you know what's coming next, but did you realize this? Paul fought beasts at Ephesus. So they would put Paul like in like a a human circus like the Roman coliseum. Now he's talking about Ephesus here, but Ephesus must have had a coliseum. And Paul, they'd throw Christians in there to wrestle wild animals. And Paul even had to fight wild animals. But look, God protected him. God got him through it. Look how far Look how far he was willing to go to stand up for Christianity. What if you got thrown into a pit with a bunch of wolves? Would you go in there? They say, "Recant, and we won't throw you in there." Paul went and fought the beast. And he stood, he'd do anything to prove that Jesus Christ was resurrected. He'd sacrifice anything. He put his life on the line. What a man of God. If after the manner of men, I have fought with beasts at Ephesus, what advantage it me if the dead rise not? Why would I put myself in harm's way and fight beasts if there's no resurrection? Let us eat and drink for tomorrow we die. So if there's no resurrection, he said, "Let's just take the attitude, eat, drink, and be married. We're going to, you know, let's just live it up." But look what he says. Be not deceived. Now, here we get to the point of this. The the whole sin behind this no resurrection is this attitude of let's just eat and drink and be married. There's no consequences to what we live. &gt;&gt; Everybody see that? &gt;&gt; So this was an evil false belief that there's no resurrection. Just live your life now. Uh live your best life now as Joe Olsen erroneously says because he's talking about he's talking about prosperity now. You should live your best life now for Jesus Christ spiritually. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You might not be healthy. You might not have money, but you could be still filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. &gt;&gt; And not be prosperous financially. &gt;&gt; Because you might not be called to be financially prosperous, but you might be. And if you are, be careful. There's a lot of snares. The Bible says riches are snares. You're going to get tested a lot if you got a lot of money. So, the whole point of this, don't be deceived. Corinthians, evil communications, all those false doctrines about no resurrection, that will corrupt your good manners that you have, your holy life. Now, Paul saw the other way, too. 2 Timothy 2:15, "Study to show thyself approved unto God." See, we got to keep studying the word of God. A workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth, but shun profane and vain babblings, for they will increase unto more ungodliness. And their word will eat as death a canker. It's like a flesh-eating disease. of whom is Himanius and Fletus Felitus who concerning the truth have erred saying that the resurrection has passed already and overthrow the faith of some. Now look, you got two extremes here. Some say the resurrection's already happened, &gt;&gt; so don't worry about it. Just live your best life now. Others say there's no resurrection. Just live your best life now. Both extremes are liars. &gt;&gt; Both extremes have missed the mark. Both extremes are uh we say spiritually deathly diseases you don't want to get. You want to make sure you live a godly life right now &gt;&gt; because there's consequences eternally to the way you live your life right now. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's my last my that's my last one. Right. This my last one. So he says wake up to righteousness. In other words, see this false doctrine of there's no resurrection. It just taught people there's no consequences. I can live however I want. Yet the Bible, the Bible says every deed will come into account before God. So you better confess every deed so it's thrown in the sea of forgetfulness. Hallelujah. Every idol word, you better confess every idol word and make sure it's thrown in the sea of forgetfulness so you don't have to answer for it. Hallelujah. Because remember, who can lay any charge to God's elect? &gt;&gt; Which demon's going to say, "Well, remember when you said that? Remember when you looked at that? Remember when you did that? Remember when you treated that person like that? You can't lay anything to the account of God's elect because it's all forgiven by the blood of Jesus Christ. Perfect loosing, perfect forgiveness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So he says, "Wake up Corinthians. There is a resurrection and sin not for some have not the knowledge of God. I speak this to your shame." So again, he shames this church. Hallelujah. He doesn't congratulate them. He shames them. Let's stand to our feet. musicians can come. So, church, I'm not shaming you tonight. I'm blessing you tonight. How many believe there's going to be a resurrection? &gt;&gt; How many know whether your body goes to the grave and whether skin worms eat up this body in a casket or in a ground or whatever you do with your body, how many know Jesus Christ is going to raise that body up? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And you'll receive of all the good deeds you've done in this body. It is a promise. We are people most hopeful. Hallelujah. We are people most victorious in this life by Jesus Christ our Lord. How many believe that tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We have the most evidence for our faith church. The most proofs. And on top of all that, all the proofs I said out there, on top of that, we have a proof on the inside. &gt;&gt; We have the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. His spirit bears witness that with our spirit that we are the children of the eternal one. &gt;&gt; And if the eternal one resurrected, you'll resurrect. &gt;&gt; Get that song ready. That same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. It'll quicken your mortal body. How many thankful for that tonight? &gt;&gt; As brother Ram said, I'm more thankful for that than anything I know in the world. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Father God, we love you tonight. We thank you for the word we've heard. Lord, I pray it would sink down deep in the hearts of your people. This is thus sayith the scripture. My words might have failed, but your word, Lord, will never fail. Oh God, may every person have their hope in the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Oh, we're not most miserable. We're most blessed. Hallelujah. We are most hopeful. We should be most encouraged, Lord God. Help me, Lord. Help every one of us to be encouraged here tonight. not miserable, not worried about the future, but willing as Paul to go to any lengths to stand on the gospel of Jesus Christ. For it is the gospel, the good news. Hallelujah. It is hope for the hopeless. It is peace for the anxious. It is encouragement for the discouraged. Hallelujah. It is life for the lifeless. Thank you, Lord, for the truth that we have in your word today. Lord, it's such a joy to preach it. As Paul said, it's like honey in our mouth but bitter in our belly, Lord God. Oh, it's so sweet tonight, Lord, to know all you've done, Lord Jesus, and to see all that Paul went through to deliver this gospel. And I want to thank you, Lord, just as I thank the church. Thank you for a church that doesn't get these evil spirits of suing, of division, of sexual morality. Lord, keep our church clean, I pray. May we have a hope for a resurrection. I remember what Solomon said in his last words of Holy Rit. Let us hear the conclusion of the matter. Fear God and keep his commandments. For God will bring every action into judgment, whether good or evil. The last words of a man who had all the money, all the women, all the power, all the construction ability, the pools, the gardens, he had everything. And yet his conclusion was, "Fear God. Keep his commands." And Lord, we fear you and we also love you as well, Lord God. For we know faith works by love. We love you tonight for the old rugged cross. Lord, Jesus died. He was buried. being resurrected according to the scriptures. Lord God, thank you for this blessed hope, this blessed promise that we have in Christ Jesus our Lord. Hallelujah. We are men most thankful tonight. Men and women most helpful. I'm sorry, hopeful, dear God. You've given us all the help we need as well. So bless your people here tonight as we worship and sing in Jesus Christ's
