################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2015-08-16 - Let Us Cross Jordan To An Open Vision Of Another Ephesians - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2015-08-16
Title:    Let Us Cross Jordan To An Open Vision Of Another Ephesians - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker:  Theo Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 30m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDaW-tljGiY
========================================

Description:
This message was preached on Sunday August 16, 2015 at Headstone Tabernacle.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
One more time. Oh, we will [Music] walk. Oh, such a beautiful life. Oh, and walk where all the dear drops of mercies are right. Go and shine around us by day and by night. Oh, it is Jesus. Oh, the light of the world. I want to live the way. Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, do you feel that this morning? I want to give until there's just no more left to give. Oh, I want to Hallelujah. Oh, love till there's just no more. Hallelujah. But I could never ever out love my Lord. Oh, I want to live well. I want to live just like you. The way Jesus wants me. Oh, I want to give. I want I want to be like you, Jesus. until just know I want to forgive. Lord, I want to love. Oh yes Lord love till there just no more to love. But I can never oh ever love. Oh while the music plays you just worship him this morning. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh aren't you glad this morning? Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh I want to be all I can be. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Help me to live Lord. Help me to live Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Lord. Hallelujah. Lord, I want to be a Christian [Music] in my heart. This is me, Lord. Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Hallelujah. In my heart, oh [Music] God, in my [Music] heart. Lord, I want to be a Christian in my Lord. I want to be holy. Lord, I want to be more holy. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, I want to be. I want to be. I want to be more holy in. Oh, help me sing. Help me sing. My [Music] [Applause] heart in my heart. Oh Lord, I want to [Music] be [Music] in. Will you just give him praise this morning right where you are? Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Let's worship the Lord. Let's worship the Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, I want to be I want to be I want to be more holy in my heart. [Music] In my heart. In my heart. Oh Lord. Lord, I want to be more holy in my heart. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for the love that we feel, for your presence that we feel, and the desire that you place in our heart to be a Christian, to be more Christlike, to be more more holy, to be just like you, God. We are blessed this morning to be hungering and thirsting after righteousness. You said it. Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness. They shall be filled. Father, our hearts are hungry this morning. Feed us, Jesus. Feed us with your word. Feed us with your spirit, with your presence, with your power. And let us leave here more like you, looking like you, walking like you, talking like you. Grant it, Father, in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And amen. You may have your seats. Oh, glory to God. [Music] Yeah. Is that your desire this morning? Oh, to be a Christian. Not a church member, a Christian. To be Christlike. We want to welcome this morning Venicia Ramlugan. Ramlutan and Videsh Ramluchan. So, God bless you. Welcome to the Headstone Tabernacle. Vania. Amen. Oh, what a presence we feel this morning. Oh, you under great expectation for God to speak to your heart. Amen. I just love it this morning. I I love what I feel this morning. Feel his presence. It's just something else to be in the presence of God. But Ram says, "We heard the message. We hear the message intellectually, but if we could lay in the presence until it beats down." Hallelujah. You come early, you're digging to pray and you lay in his presence. Oh, we could talk and you could listen and you could read and you could write and all that is intellect. But then when that presence come and take from the mind and put it into the heart, make a connection from your head to your heart, it changes the whole situation. Changes everything along. You know the prophet one will be walk be talking and love will just drop down in the building and all the evil be taken out. Praise God. Do you believe that? Amen. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Okay, before we get in the word, I have something to read. This is on our Facebook page and it's something from the hour of God deliverance. It's matching time, you know. It's matching time. He said, "I told my brother, I don't care whether my shoes match my trousers. My trousers match my coat. I want my experience to match God's Bible." Isn't that right? And if you want to match something, match your experience against Paul's. That's what we need is a matching time with Paul's faith in the Bible. That's our example, right? Real matching time. Don't try to match your neighbor. Match some of the saints of the Bible. Are you ready? And if you are a saint, act like a saint. Walk like a saint. Dress like a saint. Talk like a saint. Pray like a saint. Believe like a saint. Shout like a saint. Be like a saint. Live like a saint. Die like a saint. And go to heaven like a saint. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory to God. So heaven going to be expecting you to come through the doors like a saint. So you don't want heaven say he ain't a saint. You want to be a saint, a sanctified one, one that is separated unto God. Hallelujah. Friend or no friend. Oh, husband or no husband, wife or no wife, children or no children, whether you have the support of your family or not, you belong to God. Hallelujah. God only allow you to come through however they come through, but you belong to God. Your flesh and your face may resemble mommy and daddy, but you belong to God. That flesh come from the dust and that dust will go right back to the dust. But that gene and that your soul that come from God, isn't that right? Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. So, I'm excited this morning. I thank God for last week's service. I really thoroughly enjoy that about being focused and going back past Giggal and Betel and Jericho and pressing your way to that purpose in God for your life. And something have to call you to press. Amen. And that's what brother Ram says, a person can't get desperate and called until God speaks to them. And you come here for God to speak to you. Amen. So let us stand as we want to go into the word. Want to turn to 2 Kings chapter 2. Want to read from verse 6 to 8. Joshua chapter 1. Want to read verse 1 to3 and verse 6. We want to read Matthew chapter 4 verse 1 and verse 14. So let's go to 2 Kings 2 6. And Elijah said unto him talking speaking to Elisha, Tar I pray thee here, for the Lord had sent me to Jordan. And he said, as the Lord liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And they too went on. And 50 of the sons of the prophets went and stood to view a far off. And they too stood by Jordan. And Elijah took his mantle and wrapped it together and smoked the waters, and they were divided hither and thither, so that they too went over on dry ground. Joshua chapter 1. Now after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, Moses the minister, saying, Moses my servant is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, and thou and all this people unto the land which I do give unto them, even to the children of Israel. Every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that have I given unto you, as I said unto Moses. Verse six, be strong of a good courage, for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land which I swear unto their fathers to give them. And let's look at Matthew chapter 4 reading verse one. Then we go to verse 14. Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. Verse 14. Okay. Okay. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. Okay. Sorry. It's supposed to be Luke actually. Luke 4 verse 1 and verse 14. I'm sorry. Luke chapter 1. And Jesus being Luke 4:1. And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness. Verse 14. And Jesus returned in the power of the spirit unto Galilee. And they went out a theme of him round about throughout all the regions round about. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for your word and we pray you come down in a special way and speak to our hearts in Jesus name I ask it. Amen and amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, praise the Lord. So, I guess I was looking at those two scriptures. Both of them have it. But I I wanted to get that one and somehow end up putting um Matthew. Amen. We have a title this morning. Let us cross Jordan. Hallelujah. To an open vision. Hallelujah. Of another Ephesians. Hallelujah. Let us cross Jordan to an open vision of another Ephesians. and have an inspiration before the bride returns in power. That is what my inspiration is. Before the bride returns in power. Now I want you to turn your Bibles to 1 John chapter 2. I want you to follow me with this context scripture reading from verse 15 to 16. 1 John chapter 2 reading from verse 15 to 16. And John is right after Peter. We verse 15 says, "Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the father is not in him. For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world. Amen. And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof, but he that doeth the will of God abideth forever. I want to read that one again. For all, verse 16, for all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life is not of the father, but is of the world. May God bless his word, and praise God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. And this is brother Brandham from God called Man. He was saying before prayer, I would like to ask this question to people inside out. How many in here sincerely would like to go with Jesus down to Jordan tonight and dare cross over there where you could see a vision and see what God really means. Would you raise your hands? God bless you. Go down to Jordan, not down to a seminary. Elisha passed right by that. Terry here. I don't want to. That's man-made. It's never quenched that thirst of a man who is thirsting for God. Amen. A seminary or information can never quench that thirst that a man have for God. He says what we need, you can get men out of themselves, away from their school of theology, away from their self-style ways, fearless men, men of character with you who believes you and take you at your word. And he's praying, God, many of them standing here present that will give all they got to the Lord Jesus and sell out the world, go past Giggal, the place of confession and Christian beginnings, go past the school of the prophets that set back there with theology and go to Jordan to an open vision and when they cross and find that God still lives. Do you believe that? Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. But the trouble today is that ministers, very few ministers are trying to establish Christ in the people's heart. Very few ministers is trying to do that. They're trying to establish themselves, their ministry, who they are, their idea, their interpretation. Very few are establishing the word of God. Isn't that right? Because Eve had a lust. That lust was for knowledge. Isn't that right? And brother Bham spoke about that. Isn't that right? It was wrong for her to do that. And we find out what happened there. Isn't that right? And the ministers today supposed to be establishing Christ in the people's heart, not the church, not their ministries, not their ideas, but Christ. And Christ is the word, so once the word is preached without being flavored and have interpretation to it, you are getting Christ the word because in the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God. Isn't that something else? So Jesus Christ, isn't that right? When he was 12 years old, he knew he was about the father's business. Hallelujah. He was in the channel of the will of God. Hallelujah. He was a son 12 years old. Know you not, I must be about my father's business. It take him 18 years to ripen to come into position to be positionally placed by the pillar of fire by charity at the Jordan River. Could somebody say amen? Isn't that right? So during those years of silence, he wasn't idle. He was doing something. He was in the word waiting to fulfill the word. During those 18 years of silence, Jesus was getting a revelation of what the father has to for his life. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. It come like if you're going for a car license. You want to get a license, drive a car, you reach 18 or whatever, and you want to you have to get the information first. That's right. How you go about getting that? You're getting your documents. You're getting your ID card and so on. And then you have to find out you have a booklet of the regulations that you have to pass. You have to get a date set, but you're not a driver yet. You're not approved yet. You're not confirmed yet. When you get your learners now, you get to go and get your test drive and so on. But you're not approved yet. You still have to pass a test in the yard to see if you can reverse well and do your three-point turn. And then if you don't pass there, you can't even go out. So you got to pass the first test before you go out in the road because you have a weapon called a car and the car loose you just like that and you cannot drive. So they have to test you first and when you pass the inside test you go for the outside test and then you get approved. But that's what we talking about. You could sit and study how to drive, what kind of car to drive and if you don't go and pass through the process, you are not licensed to drive. Could somebody say amen? You can preach how nice driving is. You can explain how to do it. But until you go and do it, then do it yet. So before you come back in power, there is something have to take place. Before this super church and super race and third pull and spoken word and doing this and doing that and when the press come down, watch the third pull them. Before all of that, oh give the Lord a shout. before all of that. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just before all of that, we want to get down to that this morning. Oh, praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Originally, in Genesis, the instructions was for man to have dominion over the fish, beasts, birds, was spirit man, Genesis 2, there was no man of the soil. But that real man, real man, somebody say real man. Real man was no flesh man. Real man was spirit man. And God put real man into flesh man. Man became a living soul. But the original real man was spirit man. Spirit was leading man. Now we have man leading. But it was spirit leading man. Now we have flesh leading. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. So if be seated, if we're going to come back to Genesis, if we're going to come back to original, we have to get back to where the spirit uh leads man. Jesus was led by the spirit. Come on now. Come on now. Where he was going in the spirit. Oh, hallelujah. He was going to power but yet ab brought to pass. [Applause] Hallelujah. He was led by the spirit into the wilderness. So Jesus Come on now. You have to demonstrate. Amen. He had power over himself. [Music] [Applause] before his ministry could take off. Before he put in the final gear to let that engine rumble, before that car took off, he had us to demonstrate he had power over himself. Because John described all that is in the world and all that is in the world is either under lust of the eyes is either under lust of the flesh or it's under the pride of life. Every sin, every wickedness, every evil is under one of that. I'm not hearing you this morning. I'm not hearing you this morning. Every issue be it government, be it kingdoms, be it family, be it neighbors, be it on the job, is one of them. [Music] Lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. Oh, hallelujah. Somebody say, "Break it down like that." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Proverbs, come on now. 6:16. These six things that God hate. Yeah. Seven are an abomination to him. Amen. Number one, a proud look. He say pride, you know, because he could see pride. You see, somebody could walk with pride and people don't know that's on the inside because they could walk with their head down and they're proud. But God hates a proud look. That have to do with the pride of life. That have to do with you feeling superior to others and you seeing others inferior to you. Come on, say amen, somebody. God hates [Music] that. Are there believers in the house? [Applause] God, it's a proud look. A lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that deiseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift to run into mischief, a false witness that speaketh lies, and he that sweth discord among brethren. God hates that. God hates that. You see, you don't have to be agree with me to be my brethren. We don't have to have the same doctrine to be brethren. I'm not hearing you. I am not hearing you. Even families have fights. Even brothers and sisters have fights. Brothers and brothers have fight. Sisters and sisters are fight. And they are still brothers. And they are still sisters. And they are still family. Well, we are God's family. Let's fight. Oh, give the Lord a shout inside of here. Oh, glory to God. Give the Lord a shout. Yes, you heard right. Let's fight. But after the fight is over, we are still [Applause] family. Come on now. Come on now. Say amen, somebody. Let's fight for what is right. Let's fight for the faith that was once delivered. We are going to fight. We pledge to love the brethren. Oh hallelujah. Glory. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Oh, glory to God. You may not like me, but I love God. You may not like me, but I love the word. I'm not here for like and contest. I'm here to represent the kingdom. Oh, hallelujah. Which kingdom? The kingdom of the most high God. Oh, give the Lord some praises, [Applause] people. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. All right, you may be seated. This is actually a continuation from last week. So, if you didn't hear last week, tape it. Get it. Go and hear it. You need to hear it. Amen. Oh my. Glory. Hallelujah. So, I want to look at Luke 4 a little bit. Can find it. You got to find it. Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan. Jordan seemed to be connected to all these things. Boy, Elijah had to go down Jordan. Jesus hit his Jordan. Jesus had to hit his Jordan. Oh my. Joshua had to cross Jordan. What? What is beyond this Jordan? Why we have to go past Jordan? Why? Why we can't stand at the banks and just watch over yonder? Oh, hallelujah. Why is that? Because Jordan represents debt. Jordan represent a new day in your life. When you cross Jordan is a new inspiration, is a a new you have not passed this way before. If any man be in Christ, he's a new new creator. [Applause] Jordan Jesus full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan and was led by the ministers association into a debate on the word. No, he was inspired to call a convention to discuss his Jordan. No, he was led by the spirit into the wilderness being 40 days tempted of the devil. And in those days he eat nothing. And when they were ended, he hungered. Amen. Here we go. Lust of the flesh. He is hungry. Yes. And the devil come while you're hungry to tempt Jesus. The devil said unto him, "If thou be the son of God, command the stone to be made bread cuz you could do with a sandwich." And there's only stones all around. If you are who you are, we know you could do something. But Jesus wasn't commanded to follow the instructions or the leading of Satan. Amen. Jesus answered him saying, "It is written that man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God." He overcame the lust of the flesh by the word. Amen. He is gaining dominion over himself. Proven ah that that cannot uh be enslaved to him. Enslave him. [Music] Watch devil take him up to a high mountain and showed him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time. Los of the eyes. What a temptation. What your eye could see. All of this is mine. I guess the devil had devil had a projector there and he was a curved screen big screen and all the kingdoms of this world are mine. And the devil said unto him, "All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them, for that is delivered unto me, and to whomsoever I will give it." He's talking big. He not talking like if he doesn't have it. He know he in charge. Yes. And he said, "I I you know, I mean, I could fix your right. If thou therefore will worship me, all shall be thine." what he was seeing with his eyes. Jesus answered and said unto him, "Get thee behind me, Satan, for it is written, thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only thou shalt serve." [Applause] Now, Satan going down deep. He no man. I mean it's hundreds of years you have been dealing with man love himself a lot right could be very proud and he brought him to Jerusalem Satan set him on the pinnacle of a temple and said unto him if thou be the son of God cast thyself down from there in other words show off show who you are because it is written he shall give his angels charge over thee now if you take that head thing. If you take that basket as we just see in China, if you take that basket and say the scripture say so it's written and you're going to say everybody look for the angels to hold me. He was going to fail that test. But Jesus told the devil and in their hands watch they shall bear thee up least at any time thou shalt dash thy foot against a stone. So the devil listen if you're not reading the scriptures the devil is. [Applause] because he could quote it back to try to tie her up. And Jesus said and said unto him, it it is said, "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." And when the devil was ended, all the temptation, he departed from a season. And that's how we get to verse 14. So before you return in power, [Applause] all that is in the world, all right, you have to face the lust of the eyes. The lust of the flesh and the pride of life. Hallelujah. But you are going to overcome because there's a prophecy that the bride will cross Jordan and God will raise up spiritual Joshua to take the people over Jordan. You don't have to cross Jordan alone. Oh, hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Oh, hallelujah. Do you believe that? Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Glory to God. So Jesus prove he had control and dominion over his human spirit by overcoming the lust of the eyes. By overcoming the lust of the flesh, by overcoming the pride of life. Isn't that right? And before adopted son can have dominion over others and other things, you must display dominion over yourself. Therefore, it doesn't matter what church you go to. Doctrine doesn't change you. Your behavior does. Come on, say amen, somebody. Oh yes. Oh yes. People believe because what they believe will take them through. But Rand didn't teach that. He say you got to apply the token, brother Tabernacle. Hallelujah. You can't say you believe a prophet. You believe Moses and you're not applying the blood. Moses said take a lamb. Moses said kill the lamb. Moses said take the blood. Moses said apply the blood and the blood shall be a token. And when I see the blood, I'm going to pass over you. That's what Moses said. Oh, glory to God. I can't tell you what I feel. I have to tell you what God said. Come on, say amen, somebody. I can feel sorry for you. But what did God say? We not called to address things by our feelings and by our emotions. Hallelujah. We are called to address things by the word. Amen. And the word only. So brother, you must be born again. He said you might get up from there and do anything. You might dance in the spirit. You might cry like anybody could cry. You might run up and down the floor. You might join every church. You might do anything you want to and go right back and defile a man's wife and break up a man's home. Some of you women, you will go right back. No matter how much the word comes to you to do, right, you won't recognize it. You will never let your hair grow. You will never dress right. You will still be exactly like the world because you are not dead to the world yet. [Applause] You are alive with it. Some of you men will never quit drinking, smoking. You will never quit lusting after fall woman immorally dressed. When you see them on the street instead of turning your heads and walking away, you will still lust right on just the same because you are alive with the world. But when that sacrifice has been received, you are dead. He didn't say when you fast. He didn't say when you pray. He didn't say when you go on some hill on some mountain somewhere all by yourself. He's not talking about that. He's talking about something supernatural. [Applause] You may be seated. You see, if you could stop smoking, that is you. If you could stop drinking, that is still you. But when fire comes, and receive your sacrifice, that's him. Then the desire for sin is burnt out. It is no longer there. Then the devil have no power over the bloodwashed ones. I'm not hearing you this morning. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. So that is why you can't be legalized into it. Thou shalt thou shalt not. Thou shalt thou shalt not. Thou shalt that still you trying to obey some laws and stuff. That is why you have to press yourself, push yourself beyond giggle, beyond battle. You see something, you got to die and you have to want to die. You got to come down to your Jordan. Oh, glory to God. You have something to overcome. That's why you struggle. You got to struggle. You must struggle. Struggling is part of this whole thing. Every day we struggle. Every day there's a battle. There's a warfare. Every day there's temptation. Every day because all that is in the world is in the world. The lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, the pride of life. You can't run from it. You can't hide from it. You got to overcome it. But greater is he that's in you. That's he that's in the world. Greater is he. Greater is the word in you. Oh, glory to God. Do you believe that? Your soul, listen to this. Are you ready? Not your flesh. Your soul is laid upon the altar of God's judgment. Oh my. And it shows that you haven't received it yet. If you are still alive in the world, God never took it. And you people talking about getting the Holy Ghost. And all you have to wait so long, here you are until God received that sacrifice. until it's laid in the judgments. Until his judgment has actually killed your senses. Well, I'm going to turn over a new page. That ain't it. Well, I know I used to smoke. I'm going to quit smoking. That still isn't it. Until God, he's talking about supernatural something. Notice when Elisha was found Elijah, it was normal. Stay here. I'm not staying. I'm going. Stay here. I'm not saying I'm going. Stay here. But when that man took the mantle and struck the Jordan, that was supernatural. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. It wasn't hold this, say this, say to our father and tree, Haley Mary. It wasn't nothing like that. Believe this doctrine. Hold on to this. It wasn't that. It was something supernatural. The Jordan opened up and they too marched on. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I kind of like that because after they walk through Jordan, Jordan stay open up. Jordan close up normal. So Elijah know to go back over it have to open up. He never did that before. He saw it happen but he never experienced it. Oh, glory to God. He saw the man of God did it. He was a young man watching this old man. This old man was about to go home. The young man of God to get a vision. He is seeing something. He wanted double of what that man had. He want more than what that man had. He had faith to ask for it. He had faith to believe it. He had faith to call for it. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. What does your faith tell you this morning? Amen. What does your faith Hallelujah? We trying to break limitation inside of here. That was trying and limitations most of that is inside your mind. What you can't do and what you can't do. We said already we want when you begin to ask God, God say ask a hard thing. God have to tell the angel these people in Trinidad, they asking for hard things. If Hallelujah. Come on now. Come on now. You're not asking hard enough. God must say they ask a hard thing. What are you saying? Give God a sleepless night. You may be seated. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. We know that's not possible, but I'm saying that to you. Let God turn and tussle. But look what they asked for. They asking for a Holy Ghost revival, a real revival. They asking for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They asking for refilling. They asking for signs and wonders. They're asking for the demon to come out the house. Demon to come out the wife, husband, children, family. They asking for restoration. [Applause] Glory. You be seated. Hallelujah. I can see God when God scan his news feed. Somebody good morning. I was just passed. Good morning. Hello Lord. Hello Lord. Hallelujah. Then God get a long paragraph. My emergency. Very urgent. I'm desperate. I'm not going to leave here till you fill me with the Holy Ghost and fire. [Applause] You think God b and stop at good morning, good evening, hallelujah, praise the Lord. [Applause] When God print out the day's take, you may be seated. Amen. Of prayer requests, he said, "These people believe me because the things they ask me for, they're not seeing with their eyes. They're not touching. They're not in the senses. They're going past the loss of the eye. They're not. They're going past their feelings and emotion. They start to believe for things that are impossible. All of a sudden they they start to think all things are possible. We got to do something for those people. The Bible said the Lord himself went everywhere with them confirming the word with signs following. You not hearing me this morning? My God. I'm not feeling to preach. I'm now feeling to preach. [Applause] God, you may be seated. Was so pleased with this apostolic church, with this early church, with this alpha church. He went everywhere with them. They go to the market, he is there. They go to the sea, he is there. They go up the mountain, he is there. to get in trouble. He is there. The Lord himself. Oh, glory. Oh my God. If you don't praise God for this, I don't know what you're going to praise God for. If you don't shout for this, you may be seated. Do you understand? We are getting somewhere. [Music] Do you understand? Satan have to take note. [Applause] That his grip upon your life is being broken. And once you break out, oh, hear me. Hear me. Once you break out, the devil can't put you back in. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. I wonder if I'm going to get through this message today. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory. Glory. You may be seasoned. I want to I want to unsettle your mind. You may be seasoned. Yeah. I want your mind to stretch. Yeah. Because once it stretch, it can't tighten again. Once your mind break out, it can't fit back in again. Once you break your new experience, you can't go back to the old again. Once you cross Jordan, they can't pull you back before Jordan. Before Jordan, you're in this. You're in that in the other. But when you come back across Jordan, what happened to Elijah? Elijah ripped his mantle. He tear up his old robe. He got a new robe because he had to return in power. You can't return in power with that old self. Come on now. With that old way, with that old attitude. Something got to tear up. Something got to rip up. Something got to shake [Applause] up. Glory. Glory. You may be seated. Some people they start to get quiet and they only watching Jordan yet. Yet the water is cold. Jordan water not warm. You know, it's not like a warm like God warm it up for you like you want to make a backstroke or something. No, no, no. This is cold. This is chilly. This is death. But we come we come to the spot. We come to the place where there's not other room. There's nowhere else to turn. Oh yes, we are confronted with it. And before the people go, the minister had to go. [Applause] All they should be shouting. All should be pointing in the true true you. All doing amen. I want to get frightened. The minister got tell people go Jordan. Go Jordan people. will go and tell Joshua. God said Moses my servant is dead. Now therefore take this people and take. Come on now. You don't lead from behind. You lead from in front. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You may be seated. Two things. Take them over. Amen. And divide inheritance. Let's split into three things. Take them over. Conquer the land. Then divide inheritance. So once you cross Jordan, you have something you're looking for. You ain't crossing Jordan say I cross Jordan. I cross Jordan. I cross Jordan. No. You cause Jordan to sing specials. Amen. They call Jordan for inheritance. If your grandfather leaves an inheritance for you and you look bad about it again, you're a slacker. [Applause] Especially now where land price so high house so expensive you renting somewhere only somebody come with some emissary come and tell you listen your grandfather leave you 10 acres of land with a house and this and that and then and you studying the rent coming next month [Applause] and when you going to see the land now it have squatter one squatter two and squatter three in front the property and you tell them, you know, I just get a note that this is my land and they find you looking smallly. You're not looking like a bad like a a bully and they say get away from here. All right, coming back with the enforcer. Then you go and get the application and they get some enforcement. But that we telling the devil, we coming back with enforcement to take what we know belong to us. We are going to return in power. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Jesus, my God. You may be seated. Jesus returned in power after what? after fellowshipping with the minister association. No, they will drain your power. Jesus return in power after wilderness. Let we go in the wilderness if have no we in no wilderness. Amen. [Applause] It's a individual Jordan. It's a individual wilderness. You want to die out to yourself. Pride of life. You may be seated. My child get all three subjects. Fine. Are you feeling proud? I have a brand new car. I have a brand new this. I have a brand new that. Fine. Some people start up nice. They humble. They sharing. They giving. And after time they get greedy. They grow into a greedy spirit where all the eyes see. Yes, the heart want. Am I preaching to anybody here? There are people thief land. Kill this one to get inheritance. Do this and do that. All kind of foolishness. Why? Because that is all there is in the world. I feel like running here this morning. But when you overcome a loss of the eyes, that's why one of them brothers say, "I made a covenant with my eyes. Why should I look upon a maid? [Applause] It will always have young women. Amen. It will always have sex just women. No, none of them wearing burkers and all them Muslim gongs and everybody ain't wearing that. So you can't stop that on the streets, but you could shift your eyes. Hallelujah. You could reject that. You could have such a hungering for God that that doesn't bother you. You could raise past that. Yes. Because Jesus did it and you going to be like Jesus. Give the Lord a shout on that one. Glory. I feel that God is going to empower people inside of here. You will see the trials out there a little different. The Bible said, "Count it not strange that you fall into diverse temptations and trials and don't even count it strange." Oh God are going through a fight. What what is it supposed to go through? You sit down. In case you didn't know, this war we are in today didn't start on earth. It start in heaven. When Michael fought in the dragon fort because the dragon wanted to be worshiped. He was feeling a little thrownish. He was feeling a little upish. He should he want to be like goddish. And he wanted the angels to worship him. And Michael fought in the dragon fort. And he was kicked out. And brother Banham said the battle of angels became the battle of men. It fell on the earth. That is what happened in the garden of Eden. Oh, let's go back there and take a peek at what happened in the garden. Oh, hallelujah. Genesis chapter 3. If you want to turn your Bibles, find it. We're in the word this morning. Let's see what happened. Let's see the technique that the devil used and see if this is all that is in the world. Hallelujah. Honey, bombard eve. Let's see what happened back there. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Genesis 3:1. Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman, "Yay, had God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden." So he gave a quote. He saw the print out. And the woman said unto the woman, "We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree, which is in the midst of the garden." God had said, "Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall he touch it, least he die." And the serpent said unto the woman, "Ye shall not surely die. For God do not know in the day you eat your eyes, here we go, shall be open, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil. Listen to how the Bible describe it. When the woman saw that the tree was good for food, that it was pleasant to the eyes. food, lust of the flesh, pleasant to the eyes, lust of the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, pride of life. She took the fruit thereof, did eat, give also unto her husband with her, and he did eat, and the eyes of them both were open, and they knew that they were naked, and they swed fig leaf together, and made themselves apron. And they heard the voice of the Lord walking the garden in the cool of the day. And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord and among the trees of the garden. And the Lord called unto Adam and said unto him, "Where thou?" He said, "I heard thy voice in the garden. I was afraid." He because I was naked and I hid myself. He said, "Who told thou was naked?" Who told you that thou was naked? You may be seated. Oh, glory to God. But the point is this, because see, they were veiled with the Holy Ghost. Baron said the Holy Ghost was over them. They didn't know they were naked. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. You understand that they were really in the spirit. Hallelujah. They didn't know they were naked. So when the devil got Eve to break, then that veil fall off over them. Then they find itself hiding. Oh, hallelujah. So this lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh and pride of life is nothing new. It's all that is in the world. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Can we go a little forward now? Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise be to Jesus. So when that sacrifice is received by fire, it goes up like that and the smoke goes up and rise with your sacrifice into the heavenlies and you are sealed away from the things of the world. And when you are done, after you have died, what happened? You are conceived a new. You are conceived a new. You was first conceived in iniquity. Now you are conceived in something new. Amen. All of that is supernatural. Yeah. This is not education on educating you. This is something that you have to break into by the spirit of God. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Watch. Where once you couldn't see that the word becomes alive in you, you begin to see things different. Where once you couldn't see that, now you do see it. There is something different now. Make all the scriptures come together. Make it dotail just right. You die to your own thinking. Now you are conceived new. You are washed with the water of the word. So in order to be born again, you got a new parent. You got a new nature. The old nature is dead. You got a new nature. You once was going one way, now you're going another way. You once was going this way. Then you set your affection on things above. Listen to that. Your affections is set to things above. Isn't that right? You don't love the things of the world no more. Your affection is of God. You don't care what man say, how they laugh at you, say your old model, whatever. You don't care because you are born of above and your affections on the things above. God is not ashamed of you and you are not ashamed of him. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Hallelujah. What kind of nature have you got then, brother Brandham? His nature. If I had my father's nature, I will do the things my father did. But now I'm born again. It depends upon who my father is. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. So blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness. Oh, glory to God. You can't be fornicating and adultery and unclean living and looking for adoption and looking to come into power and looking to return in power. No, it doesn't work that way. You have to get fire break upon your soul. You can't be a slacker and looking for power. The bride have to come back in power. If you're looking for power, you're looking to be cleansed. You're looking to be purified. You're looking for the process before you return to the power because somebody is coming back. Some son is going to come back with the power. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Yes, we could preach new name. We could preach pray three or four. We could preach all kind of stuff. But unless we go through the process, that is just another thought, another sermon thought, another sermon idea. Hallelujah. In every age had overcomers. In every age had bite promises to him that overcome it. Not him that watchth, him that teacheth, him that learnth, him that overcome it. Overcome what? Lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. All that is in the world. In Luther, they didn't have the tattooed ones. Amen. And all these miniskirts and label outside that did not exist in Luther time, but it had loss of the eyes, loss of the flesh and the pride of life in Luther time. In Paul time, didn't have the wear they have now. Amen. It boxing worse and worse and have more worse to come. Come on y'all. Hallelujah. Glory to God. things will get worse. But we are still called to overcome. You may be seated. So knowing that there's the dreadest of the dread ages, it didn't have a age as evil as this one. God couldn't put in anybody. That is why we have a high calling. [Music] Yeah. You may be seated. If I really sting inside of here, you I like that. Sting. Sting. But Brandham said an adoption. He could take your wife. He could cast in a bit of sickness. There's not no skin milk. He could take your children. [Applause] He could do whatever he wants to do. And what will be your testimony? God is angry with me. No, the Lord giveth. The Lord take it away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. I see people hold on to things and see they lose all what they hold on to. because they're not giving it to God. They're just selfish. Seen about themselves, their family, all all their their business seen about. Only their business is seen about. That's all their business. I have nothing with God business. But we're going to read about this man called Elisha. But I'm saying take a vision to bring you to the will of God. And when you see the will of God, God will bless you and prosper you. I remember sometime some man had a calling to go Africa to missionary. And they went to the missionary board. They bring him before the missionary board and they say why you want to go there? You said the Lord is leading me to go there. They say it have um um diab uh um yellow fever, it have malaria, they call everything it have done in Africa because they can't understand why you want to he said the Lord lead him in there. You know he tell them if the Lord lead me the Lord to keep me there. Now if that man didn't have a genuine calling he could say so it have deterioria it have yellow fever where don't have yellow fever I could go now you see that that I could go that the Lord lead you know I am telling you something Lord lead among the lions the lion will lay down right by you and lie down and [Applause] quiet the Lord will lead you and something this no if God lead you the devil have to watch and can't touch. Look at brother man. I'm about to go on the plane. You know the story. And the Lord let him say, "Keep walking. Walk down the street. Walk down the street. Walk down the street." He go on a colored area. He's a white man. He walk in the coloring area. A woman outside waiting there. Good morning person. But I'm saying, "How you know I'm a person?" He said, "I was praying for God to send his Elijah." And God tell me, "Wait out here. He going to send me Elijah. No, no. She had a son that was very sick. Baram prayed, son got healed. And when he came back, final call. He said, "God kept the plane on the ground until this was done. You don't understand what we saying here. You You don't understand. You know, God will make traffic jam [Applause] to make sure this doesn't happen. God will make your neighbor move out the [Applause] community. God will promote that boss that giving you trouble, push them higher to leave you alone. Come [Applause] on. You don't understand who you are. Oh, no weapon form. As I heard a preacher say, "Your blessing could be delayed but not denied." Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Oh, glory to God. Can you hear me this morning? Your blessing could be delayed, but it cannot be denied. Oh, it belongs to the sons and daughters of the living God. Oh hallelujah. Glory. Glory to God. What is sanification? You may be seated. Sanification is the laboring part. That's the hard work. You are justified. You're already glorified. But sanctification is up to you. You're going to clean up. You're going to grown. You're going to say, "Lord, take this out of me. Send fire upon. You want to groan. You want to labor." Somebody say, "Labor." That is sanctification. The laboring part, the working part. Hallelujah. Working out your own salvation with fear and trembling. Oh, give the Lord a shout inside of here. You can't expect God to come and clean up your bedroom. You can't expect God to come and clean up your life. You may be seated. When they cross the land without enemies in the land that to fight to clean up the grounds, you can't expect God to cross the land and saints are coming down with some swords. Like if God come last to help cut down your land, you get a land that you didn't work for, you didn't buy, you didn't earn. All God said, clean it up. Get the demons out. Amen. Get the movies out. Whatever you listen, the Bible say your eye offend you, take it out. If your hand offend you, cut it off. That's how serious it is. Don't let nothing stop you from the kingdom. What shall it profit a man, he gain the own world and lose his own soul? You have everything. You have this, you have that, you have money in the bank, everything, and you lose your soul. Is it worth it? How many want to press this morning? [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, a sickening thing to see people 50 something years old, 60 something years old and they still don't know 60 something years old, 50 something years old. They're trying to go back in times. Hallelujah. They're trying to dress back in times. They're trying to even look back in times. Cut the hair. I give the 15 years younger. I call that custard second to last stand. After one more stand and bloop, gone. Is it worth it? Young people figure they young forever. But they smiling now. They have selfies to take. Let them keep on taking all the selfies. 15 selfie, 20 selfie, 30 you'll be selfie, 40 selfie, 50 selfie. See what you look like when you're 60. Take a selfie. You're not going to be young forever. Don't let the devil use your [Music] beauty. Don't let the devil use your looks. Live for God because your looks is temporary. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. So you're here to be transformed. Transformed for to hug to be a lamb. Transformed to be a sinner to be a saint. Not a sinner inside of here. Not an adulterer inside of here or fornicate inside of here. You're being transformed that your life could be come up right on target. We are here to press you to come into the order of the word. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Friend or friend. This word going to live. There is one place where death cannot strike. That's in the [Applause] word. Glory. The church is not the safety zone. The message is not the safety zone. The word is a safety zone. And once you in the word, that's why Jesus said heaven will pass away, but my word will never pass away. Once you in the word, the devil can't do you no harm. I'm telling, have you ever observed that the most people was healed and delivered in Jesus wasn't Christians? Was it wasn't believers? You sit down. Have you Have you noticed that? Amen. Amen. It had scribes and they had the big churches. It had Sadducees, the big churches. But Jesus, the people were healed, delivered, set free, come out of prison. There wasn't church people, you know. One time Jesus watching a man stand up, gain the offering. Next fellow outside the temple, man saying I am not like him. pride of life. Hallelujah. So his comparison was him. I better than him. I have more money than him. I dress better than him. The man outside, Lord, I'm not worthy. Jesus said that man outside more righteous than that man inside. You see, every go by car and land and house and money. take take you out of it. Who have have here have you you're gone? But when you talk about the kingdom that's a different thing altogether. Hallelujah. Young man came to Jesus. Good man. What shall I do to inherit eternal life? Bible say Jesus loved that man. Man have all the potentials. Man have all the skill set. Handsome looking man. The man just get it right. Man looking good. Suit matching his tie. tie matching his shoes, shoes matching his socks. But you know something was lacking. Jesus said, "Go and keep the commandments." He felt good. He had a word from the Lord. Amen. He said, "But master, I did this from all my youth." Amen. Jesus say one thing. One thing, just just one thing. Not not two things. Just just one thing. Amen. There's a demon of lust for money that I see inside your soul. And to get that demon out, you got to do something a little different. Just sell what you have. And that demon can't hold you. Just just give. Just Just sell it out. Sell it out. Sell it out. Sell it out. Sell it out. Sell it out. Oh, give the Lord a scream. Give the Lord a shout. Oh, hallelujah. [Applause] You want to be seated. The Bible said the man walk away sad because he couldn't let go. No, he was good outside. He had the books, he had the coats, he had the take. You listen to message every day. But the demon of the lust for money is us telling lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. That spirit didn't want to do what it needs to take to get rid of it. Some people worship the spirit upon them. They want people to accept them as they are. We say big fat no. God take you as you are, but you're not going to remain as you are. You're going to be transformed. Come on. You're going to be changed. You're going to be transfigured. You are not going to stay as you are. Amen. [Applause] You may be seated. Galatians 5 verse 16 reads this. Then I say, walk in the spirit. Amen. And he shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. For the flesh lusteth against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh, and these are contrary to one to the other. So you cannot do the things that you would. But if you be led by the spirit, you're not under the law. Now the works of the flesh are manifest which are these and he labeled them adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasiciousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emilations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies, envance, murders, drunkenness, reins. Amen. And such like of which I tell you before, I have told you in time past, they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God under the lust of the flesh. All these things, witchcraft, hatred, and they in church, holdings and in church. Look at the story. He just gave a parable of a man who had a set of debts and so on. The king forgive him and then he had some friend who had 30 pounds or small pounds and he went lock the man neck again. Somebody report it. Amen. Drag him back in and say wait and go back inside until they pay all. I forgive you of your big debt. You go and squeeze a man for a small debt. Come on now. That's why say father forgive those as we forgive those who trespass against us. You are forgiven. If you don't want to release that person, God don't release you. God hold you to your sins. Somebody offend you. Somebody do you some stuff and you don't want to let it go. And God say if you don't let them go, I'm not going to let you go. I'm not hearing you. Preach back to me because this is how you're going to overcome. This is how you're going to get victory. It's got to be the word. Not our father praying, no guess. Give us this our daily bread. Isn't that right? Lead us not into temptation. Deliver us from all evil. For thine is the kingdom, the power of glory. You know small prayer. Is Christ himself prayed that? Hallelujah. Because forgiveness is where the death is really at. In this age, that's why it's hell on the earth. That's why it's so much discord among brethren. That's why people separated by doctrine. Hallelujah. Because it's not Christ in their hearts. It's other things in their hearts. But the prophet saw the bride with the blood upon her of the age, upon her chest. Therefore, brotherly kindness will be manifested, will be displayed. Not temporary kindness. Not loving those who love you. Not liking those who you like and who like you. That's foolishness. You may be seated. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You don't have to say amen. You can that don't mean nothing. God not even hearing that. The angel not even recognizing that. You better say amen if this is the word. [Music] Glory. Hallelujah. Forgiveness is a powerful thing. Even Jesus had demonstrated it. Bunch of people born crucify him. Crucify him. Crucify him. You think nice to hear that? All the camera snapping all the people recording and they taking you all the crowds around you. Crucify him. Crucify him. People don't even know you. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, it's not the sinner man who Jesus healed and cast the devils out and raise the dead. It's not them who was doing that, you know. It's those religious people. Legion had demons. Legion wasn't a believer in church occupying some church pew. He was in the caves and he pressed his way to ask for mercy. He pushed past the other 999 devils upon him. Amen. Hallelujah. 900 is a,000 devils in my head. And he push he pushed past that. [Applause] So don't tell me you don't have a you and the devil made me do it. I didn't want to do it, but the devil made me do. Don't give me that. Come on. Cheat. Hallelujah. Legion pressed his [Music] way. And because he cared, Jesus cared. And he was set free. He was set free. And those wicked spirits wanted to do some more damage. They say, "Send us into the pigs." Hallelujah. The pigs went off the cliff. They went crazy. You may be seated. That's what them demons want you to do. Go crazy. Hallelujah. demons. Thursday night we had some powerful service Thursday night where we talking about people don't understand the battle is not flesh and blood. People forget this principal and people forget that they're so natural in the flesh. This brother, this sister, you're not seeing the devil himself and a bunch of hims all around him loosed against your house, loosed against your family. And we are seeing when the enemy coming like a flood, the spirit of God raise a standard You know much stuff come against this church. But we were standing everything we have to because we're here to fight back. We're here to give in. We here to fight right back. I almost let go. Almost give up. Almost. Yes. I almost give up. Yes. I was that close. But when I understand, when I begin to understand that is what the devil want, I said, "No way. No way. I am not going to give in to no demon, to no devil spirit. I'm going to fight for what is right. Fight for a church clean up. Fight for a revival. Fight for the offices to be in order. I'm going to fight. If you're out of position, we'll put you in position. If we have to sit you down, we will sit you down. We're going to change things inside of here. There's going to be a church set in order. You know why? The church must be in order to cross Jordan. [Music] Church must be in order to cross Jordan. Hallelujah. Roll Jordan roll. Roll Jordan roll. I want to go to heaven when I die. So roll Jordan and roll. Oh hallelujah. Give the Lord some praises people. Brother Brandham statue of perfect man. Lust for money. Amen. Lust for big things. Amen. Lust for popularity. Hallelujah. These things are death to the believer. We don't care. Tent or cottage. Why should I care? Live or die. Here we go. Sink or drown. This is the thing I'm interested in. The kingdom of God. Hallelujah. Whether I maintain my home, whether I maintain my family, whatever I maintain, whatever it is, let me maintain Christ, the hope of glory. That is what the church supposed to be fighting for. For Christ. [Applause] I'm not asking to fight for this group, you know. That's why I don't f your head with nonsense. That's right. All the tapes on the internet. See, if I'm preaching foolishness and telling about this and back analysis and nonsense, trying to twist your mind and twist your head. I'm not doing that. People are free inside of here. I love freedom and I am free to tell you the truth because only the truth will set you free. No excuses. [Applause] Some of the truth got nice. Thank you, Jesus. True. But is the truth? Amen. Hallelujah. Some truth doesn't be tasty, but it's the truth. Isn't that right? But that is what set people free. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout for that, man. Amen. Build me up, oh Lord, into this. Hallelujah. Let Christ be my head. Hallelujah. working through me on my foundation, my faith. Let virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, and brotherly kindness work in me. Oh Lord, is my prayer. I don't care. Live or die. Sink or drown, denomination or no denomination, friend or no friend, let that work in me. Let Christ's virtue, his knowledge flow out that I might be able to teach those for God has set in the church. Apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors, evangelists, all for all for all for the perfecting. Amen. And bringing these virtues into it to that perfection of the coming of the son of God. He said, "Let virtue flow out." Hallelujah. You got to have it for it to flow out. How could the virtue come into the people if the minister don't have the virtue? Come on now. Come on now. When you write with me, this is the word now. How could the virtue flow if the minister don't have it? He have to have it to give it. And to get to get it, there's only one place to get it. Cross Jordan. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So what's your prayer? Kill him. Hallelujah. Let me hear that. You got to say, Lord, that man, kill him. You all afraid to say amen or you don't want the man here alive. You say want it dead. I am not here. You should be screaming inside of here. Not dead or alive, you know. No. No. You want him dead. You want a dead man come behind his death. Dead men. You want the song leader dead and all because when he sing you get now singing in the spirit. Not just singing because he could sing. You have a gift to sing. Anybody could have a gift to sing. But you have to be in the spirit. You want the musicians to be dead. Anybody with hands could play piano with hands could pick guitar and bass. But when they in the spirit, I'm not hearing you. We want the believers to be dead. Anybody can come to church, but when you are dead, Christ is alive. Pill fire in the building, the sick is healed, the blind is seeing, the deaf is hearing, sin casting in the church. Glory. Let's cross Jordan. Glory. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Paul a prisoner. God is looking for prisoners. Amen. Here we go. He always done it. You might search through the scripture. A man has to be a prisoner to Christ. Hallelujah. Against anything. Therefore, are you ready? Amen. You cannot be connected with anything but Christ. Even your father, your mother, your brother, your sister, your husband, your wife, anybody. You're connected with Christ. Amen. And him only. Then God can use you. Until then, you can't. Don't make your wife an excuse. That's an excuse. Don't make your husband an excuse. That's an excuse. Don't make your father, mother, brother, that's an excuse. No excuses. God by the spirit led Jesus into the wilderness. Jesus can't have no excuse. It's Jesus, wilderness, and Satan [Applause] confronting the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. And when Jesus finished, Satan had a blue eye because Jesus dropped it on him. and walked out the wilderness. Oh, same as simple. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And if Jesus give the devil a blue eye, what you think we going to do? Come on, let's go Jordan. Let's cross Jordan. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you understand? In the wilderness, it was no playing game. Was a battle. You may be seated. Was a fight. Amen. Yes. Was a fight. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Bren, I'm going out sometimes. Speaks rough to people. I'm trying to get you to cut loose. Here we go. You got to have a start in place. Like sometimes I call a woman bob inbing the hair wearing these clothes and hold and maintain the Christian profession and they say that little thing. Well, you got to start somewhere. Start with your ABC. You know what going on in your life. You know what you need to break out of. We are here to start somewhere. We are starting today. You must feel joy and water on your foot. You must feel the pangs of debt. You must feel you have to give up sports. Give up this. You have to give up. There got to be something you can't continue. [Applause] Let me be seated. I will tell you flat out, you are crossing Jordan enjoying everything you enjoying right now. [Applause] That not Jordan. You going on a vacation. That's a You going by the beach. That is certainly not Jordan. I don't feel I never I've never been in Israel. I never see Jordan. Why do you think it's a pretty river? You know, cuz when I remember when the man who was had leprosy and Elijah said, "Go and dip seven times." He say, "Isn't there any better water? I have a swimming pool behind my house. I could dip there seven times. I could dig 14 times in my swimming pool behind my house. But but that's all they were doing. Dipping 14 times." Elijah said that river not your river, that river seven times. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kind. Come on, you got the gift. [Applause] And this is the problem. We want to tell God how we want it. Yeah. Yeah. A man, colored man, slave. He got the Holy Ghost. He wasn't having revival. You may be seated. And he come was so happy, happy, happy, happy. The same master say, "Oh, you're so happy." Say, "Master, I went and at a church service, I got the Holy Ghost." The master say, "I want the Holy Ghost, too." He say, "You want it? Come." Hallelujah. The master followed him. Amen. He went on to the pigsty where stink and stinky and stinky. The master and he come master come over here. I I can go. He said, "You ready for it?" But when you're ready for it, you don't care. You just don't care. Or give the Lord a scream inside of here. When you are ready for your breakthrough, when you are ready for your revival, you don't care who in front of you. You don't care who's behind you. You don't care what wrong you. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And that's what God love to do. He love to bring the filter in. 30,000 men. Hallelujah. God said it's too much. They think it's their strength and power and honor. Get it. Jesus. Hallelujah. My God. All who missing the wife and the family and go back please. All who have groceries to pick up, go. God said to put some things to to shave it down until he get 300 men. 300 fearless men. 300 God called man. 300 men that have a passion to know the word, that have a cry to get in the spirit and have a fervent desire to please God. 300 men that the devil can't stop. 300 warriors, not warriors. Warriors. Warriors of the faith. 300 men. Give me 300 men. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] That's why remember see that's why that's why God know who to call into what position. Yes. That's why he could drop the man on Elijah and pull it off because he know he had to work that out. That power you had to work it out. Hallelujah. That just a taste but you have to go through test. Stay here. Stay there. Stay here. Oh the devil telling you stay right where you are. I am quiet. Stay there. I don't shout too much. Stay there. I never raise my hand up in church. Stay right there. I never stand up in service. You stay right there. But not Elisha. Come on, say amen, somebody. Hallelujah. When the lamb When the lamb took the book and loose the seven shield all under heaven, I praise God. Nobody was staying there. [Applause] Glory to [Applause] God. You may be seated. Don't tell me you can't overcome those men pushing moves on you on the job. Don't tell me you can't overcome them woman pushing moves on you on the job. Of course you can overcome. That's part of the lust of the eyes. That's part of the lust of the flesh. That's part of the pride of life. Of course that's all that is in the world. When you understand that's all what the devil could offer and you could turn down is offer. Then you have the victory. Then you have a power like you never had before. Strip that devil. Strip that devil. Strip that [Applause] devil. Glory. Glory to God. Amen. You be seated. Understand this. The children of Israel have to come out of Egypt. You feeling real good. It been a little tree to plant. They're moving out good. They're singing some nice hymns. Everybody singing who is also who is based. Doesn't matter. Everybody's making a joyful noise because you're out of Pharaoh grip. Come on now. They're journeying out. Everybody supporting one another. Isn't that right? Even data cor pulling the weight. Everybody pulling the weight. We got everybody moving. It's a whole body movement. But then when they come to the Red Sea and they heard the hoofs of feral horsemen, oh glory to God, all of a sudden the sound can't come out, the special can't come out, the air feeling to sing. No alto, no soprano, no bass, nothing coming out, just fear because spar have spears and sword and chariots. You only have babies and bags and packages and [Music] [Applause] You'll be seated. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Pillar of fire. Leading this bunch of nomads needing this bunch of desert travelers. Pillar of fire in front of them. All of a sudden, pillar of fire. Leave from the front and go behind. Pharaoh can't see. Seven seal, seven seal, seven thunders on the silence and the [Applause] tear. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Be seated. Fire stop Pharaoh and his chariots. Supernatural fire. He can't get water out that fire. That's the fire of God. That's the fire of God. No man could stop. No man could out the fire of God. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We're going to bring back that supernatural gospel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to bring back that supernatural voice. You may be seated. All night long. God open the Red Sea. People crossing over and Pharaoh can't see. Your enemy can't see. The devil can't see. When God hide you under the canopy of the seventh seal, under silence. And people say the seven seal not even open. But it open because you under there. You are under there. You're not out from there. You are under dare. Six seal is judgment. Fifth seal is sold under the altar. Fourth seal is the bail of to come. Hallelujah. Other seals is history. But the seventh seal is present tense. Oh, glory to God. But that silence is only for half an hour. It's only for half an hour. The silence is not all the time. God going to break it. God going to break you weary. God going to break you out of that prison. God going to break you out of that condition. going to break that spirit of lust upon your life. You will overcome. You're going to get the victory. You are going to be delivered. I speak it. I speak it. Satan. Come out of the people in the name of Jesus [Applause] Christ. The anointing is here. To break to break, to break to break, to break the [Applause] yoke. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Glory. Glory to God. The Holy Ghost is here. This is the Holy Ghost. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Glory. Glory. You want to see them? [Applause] Fire is in the house. Fire is in the house. Oh, glory to God. [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh yes. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, this not natural. This is supernatural. You may be, you may be seated. When God told Joshua to take the people over, he had special instructions. That's right. Amen. The elders want him to wait until Jordan get down low. Jordan was high, but God want to show he is God. Joshua told them in 3 days we are crossing over. Joshua told them come not near to your wife. Joshua told them sanctify yourself because God is about to do wonders among us. Joshua had instructions for them to set their homes in order to set their hearts in order to set their lives in order because the supernatural is about to break forth. Joshua is here. Joshua is here. The Holy Spirit is here. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham praying a message trying to do God a service without it being God's will. He said how we thank you Lord. Yes sir. As we set in this solemn moment. Yes sir. Almost like a funeral. For we are facing the burial of a dying world. Hallelujah. A dying dead church. Oh God. Gather your weak quickly. Oh God. Father come quickly. Lord Jesus. Bless thy people. Father bring sincerity and deepness to the hearts of the people. May we get off off those fragile bubble dances and settle down the deep riches of the honey of God. Grant it Lord. Keep our hearts established with love and sincerity. Bless thy people everywhere. And as we leave this place, may we go in the name of the Lord to speak what is sincere, what is truth, which is right, may we shun what is wrong, Lord. When a man begins to lie on us, may we quickly turn our back upon him. Turn our back to all the dirty, filthy jokes and the things of the world and just turn our back and walk away. Help us dear God. Mold us, make us, break us, make us into the images of sons and daughters of God that we might act with the virtue of the Holy Spirit. We commit ourselves to you in Jesus name. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. You may be seated. Brother Brenham, redemption has two parts. Coming out of and going into and the book of Joshua is the book of Ephesians of the Old Testament. Amen. You got to come out of the world to enter into Christ. You got to come out of unbelief to enter into faith. There cannot be one thing in your way to really have genuine faith. You must absolutely leave everything that's contrary to the word of God. To enter into faith. Hallelujah. And the book of the Ephesians, the Old Testament is Joshua. Now we find out, here we go, that we have come to another Ephesians, another Ephesus. Now, where here we go, in our intellectual denomination and so forth, all our educational program has come to it Jordan. [Music] People try to have conventions, gather together and everything else. It comes Jordan. It come to a dead t. Watch. We must have an Ephesians again. Yes, sir. We must have an exodus to come out and go into the rapture. Paradox. The book is sealed with seven mysterious seals. Amen. Revelation 10, we find out that the loudest last messenger of the last age. Here we go. During the time of his prophecy, that the seven seals will be open and the seven mysteries, the seven mysteries that have been left off. In every age, some have been left off. The reformer didn't have time to take care of it. In days of Luther, he preached a conviction by faith. He was gone. They made a church. Where's the preonification? Along came the Pentecostals. But we are promised. Now we come with the promises. So we're not giving you information, we're giving you promises. And Peter said, by these promises, you become partakers of his divine nature. Not by information, by by promises. So we are going to drop a promise on you. Snatch it, pull it down. We're going to give you a promise. You may be seated. We are promised according to Revelation 10, according to Malachi 4, according to Luke 17:30. There's got to come an Ephesians to this. [Music] Now, the Bible says Ephesus, Mr. Titar, and so forth of the Ludicia. But he is saying the devil don't know this. This is the mystery that imagine in loud say age there's going to come another emphasis in other words I'm alpha and I'm omega and the processes in between what the early church had we going to have plus you heard what I'm saying we don't want nothing less we don't want to be a higher Pentecostal church then We want to be what Ephesus was. Alpha church, omega church. The authority Peter had must come back. Paul Paul was the gold standard of messengers. But around got the other messengers by measuring him against Paul. That's why when the voice tell him, he said, "Will Paul be judged?" They say, "You ought to be judged." He said, "Was Paul judged?" When he broke under the other side, he said, "Yes, Paul judge and you ought to be judged." He said, "Well, I preach what Paul preached." But I'm ask the right question. Was Paul judge? Yeah, Paul was judged, but I preach what Paul preached, but I want to have the same testimony. I have preached my own stuff. I preach what Paul preached. My God, there's going to be a Holy Ghost revival. I will preach that till I die or get raptured in the sky. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's going to be a real revival. Glory to God. Amen. What? What if God didn't make the opportunity for Samson? You may be seated. What if Samson die a old man dead and a tombstone there still dead? Just die old. And then somebody write a little book what Samson used to be. The history of Samson and all what God used him for. Yeah, that might sound real nice. But God didn't finish Samson story. So Samson know is dead now or dead later. Are you choosing dead now? But before I finish do this dead thing, I want to do God thing. I want to fulfill the will that I was raised up for. Which is to destroy the Philistines. So in their human spirit, human when they thought was entertainment time. Yeah. when they put on the entertainment channel and they say bring on Samson. He is the movie movie coming out now entertainment vision or station or something. So and they bring out Samson. Samson wasn't in that mood with him. Samson had different vision all together. Without eyes he was seeing you not hearing. Did you hear that? It are people who are eyes and they can't see because you don't see with your eyes. You already see with your heart. Samson saw God getting honor and glory. Samson saw the restoration of the glory of God back among God's [Applause] people where he was where he failed. He was going to do so much honor. He going to bring honor and glory to God. So Samson Samson coming out and they start to entertain started to clap. Yeah. Yeah. Samson all foolishness. Sam said the fellow lead me to the post. What if Samson was arrogant? I know what a pride of life. I want a little boy. Little boy, leave me alone. Don't touch me. Walk for myself. Then Samson walk by himself in the middle of the field cuz he want a little boy lead him. And hallelujah. Send the power and power came upon Samson fall on the ground. Sam get back out. What is that? How how that work out? What what story is that? You have to be humble. Amen. You have to really overcome. Samson had to tell the little boy, "Lead me." Come on now. Jesus say, "You're young now. You when you get old, you would lead. You get led where you don't want to go." And I know some of you don't want to go where we going this morning because you hear about Jordan, hear about the cross, you hear about Calvary. I have a bum for you. You know, say the dynamics must drive the people to Calvary and then to the rapture. Let me drop that bomb on you one time. Take that. Take that. If you could hold that. The dynamics going to strike the people and drive them to what? Spoken word. When you speak the word, when the press come down and you're looking for the press. Yeah. Look for the press. But before the press, [Applause] one brother, one minister say he revival is gone. He's looking for the press to come down. Amen. Lord Jesus. You're looking for the press to come down. That's right. Looking for for the press. Lord Jesus. I tell you some people go out here. True. Amen. They only read about golad in the Bible. They may see the golad coming for the life yet. Know how big is they going say whoa. Yeah. Because the whole of Israel was paralyzed, you know. By golad, not by the armies of the not by them armies and just golad alone and say send me a man and nobody have the size to deal with God. You could pump how much iron? You're still small compared to Golad. Amen. You could be skilled for man, the best for in the country because Saul offered them money. Saul even offered them his daughter, money, popularity, woman, loss of the eyes, loss of the flesh, pride of life, whatever you want. Them fell say no way. Keep keep your daughter, keep your money, keep your popularity. I stay saint and sober and alive. Ask people to be single and free than to be a toast for the devil. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. What happened? God lose something different. God lose something. A different kind of opponent. Amen. When Golad come dup David could run. David David spritly. David could duck. David could move. Glad so heavy about doop. You could mark his step. Boop boop. You could watch him in a straight line. Come on now. He have no running to run. That's why. That's why God put our feet the way it is. We could run, man. Oh, come on now. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Why you think God bringing wine to give you stimulation of revelation for you to get excited about his kingdom, excited about the gospel? You can't sit here like if it's a club. Do you understand that Paul that that Irene and Martin they didn't know what you know it wasn't revealed to them you are blessed to be in this age of course is hell [Applause] but as we didn't say amen on that one in case you didn't know the lid of hell has been uncovered [Applause] That never happened no other age. So you know what God take? God say Satan, open up hell. Loose hell on the earth. I go loose my bride on the earth. You don't know who she is yet. But one day when she pass through the lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, pride of life, she'll return in power. You're going to know who is the bride then. [Applause] You may be seated. Let me tell it to you flat. No other age the hell has been uncovered. That's right. [Music] Lord, no other age angels came from eternity. [Applause] God has sent angel of eternity. That's why this cloud is here. Is a sign the battle has resumed. Come on, give the Lord a shout. We are not backing down. We are not going to back down. The battle is on. The battle is raging this morning. But somebody going to be delivered. Someone going to be set [Applause] free. Hurry. You may be seated. Okay. Watch. We are promised. Going to Revelation 10, Malachi 4. Luke 17 that they're going to come at Ephesians to this. There's promise it friends. There must come an Ephesians that these sevenfold mysteries of the word of God must be unfolded. Amen. And it is in the loud eastern age this takes place. And I believe we are right in the shadows of the coming of the son of God. Here we go. And as Joshua just before that Ephesians raised up, so did John the Baptist raised up just before the next Ephesians. And we are promised another Ephesians. And it is predicted here in the scripture. Therefore, I think we are living in the Ephesians again. Hallelujah. Therefore, we know that Luther couldn't get to it. Wesley and so forth. But in the last days, we are given the understanding by the word that we are going to understand it because there will come an Ephesians 8 to it. And I believe he is just as able this afternoon to cause in this building a paradox because he promised it would happen. Now brother is saying this under a this is called paradox and the word paradox means incredible but true. I love that. So in paradox he is prophesying of another Ephesians. It's incredible but true. It have hell on the earth, but they going to be Ephesians. It have slackers on the earth, but there going to be Ephesians. It have lukewarm and more back church members in the church, but there's going to be another Ephesians. It have backsliding preachers, but there's going to be another Ephesians. [Applause] Are you with me? In other words, when the devil eat the stump of the tree right now and God say, "I will restore." The devil have no promise to return to stump time. When God said to push up that tree, the devil can't say, "I feel eatish again. He done eat it up already. He's full. He has nothing more to eat. This is our time. We are now beginning to push up. We are now beginning to stretch our wings. We are now beginning to exercise the faith. Hallelujah. That God has released in our souls. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. You may be seasoned. Hallelujah. What are you talking about, Belove? When you leave here, you must be expecting miracles in your home, in your life. You expecting the same old thing. You're expecting something blessed. You're expecting something new. You're expecting something inspiring to come to your life. Come on. You expect the doctors to say the tumor is not there. Yeah. Yeah. expecting the doctor to say thing cancelled. Can't find what he find last week. X-ray had a wrong reading. Something wrong with the machine. Oh, glory to God. That's what we talking about. Glory to God. We expect humors right now to be dissolving right now. Like we put up dissolve in Jesus name. Come on. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. Arthritis, back pain, diabetes. We expect these things to be changing. You may be seated. How could we have faith for the rapture and we got faith for healing? When the rapture is a is a is a is a glorified divine healing [Music] the rapture is like a glorified divine healing. What do you think divine healing is? It's just that divine healing. You have cancer, you have leukemia, whatever it is, and God heal you miraculously. Doctor check you up, check your machine and whatnot. They pay how much thousands of millions for the machine and let the machine going wrong. Machine seen wrong after a while. Not the machine seeing it wrong, God seen it right. God correct that inside of you. High blood pressure normal. Oh, glory to God. In them Pentecostal age, listen, you should sit down on the platform. Sit down on the platform and pull people foot out. Straighten people foot out. Pray until the eyes pop open. They were rugged men of faith. You know the devil had was blows was licks you know. Oh hallelujah. It was just divine healing. You know the son of man arising with healing his wings. You know was real campaign you know thousands and thousands being healed. You know [Applause] be seated. And like Jesus time a lot of people healed wasn't even church people. That's right. That's right. People come from far coming to the Brandham um campaign and outside in the yard hours and hours before they can't get in the building only we hours in the morning. People they camping out had no air condition and thing you know camping out waiting for doors to open waiting to get a prayer card because you have a need that the doctor can handle. This is Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and forever. Will we have a campaign? Will a campaign come back where the sick is being healed? Where people calling for church? Where we don't even have church? People lining up downstairs to get into the building because Jesus is in the building. We can have it. That's not even a hard thing. Come on now. Because it was here before in the days of the prophet. You be seated. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Second yourself now. I'm not finished. You may be seated. Oh, glory to God. Don't even think I'm trying to close. I'm not trying to close. I'm telling you up front. Look at the to close. I'm not winding down. I'm winding up right now. I like a pullback spring right now. Praise God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm under tension right now. I like a bend back bow. Hallelujah. Oh, give the Lord our shout inside of here. Oh, we are in church this morning. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. You come here to go back home. You come here for a breakthrough. You come here for revival. You come here for deliverance. You come here to have great expectations. [Applause] Glory. Oh. How them pay taxes. Jesus say go and catch a fish. What fish have to do with taxes? Human business. If you don't believe Jesus, you see what kind of man is that? Go catch a fish. You don't want to catch the fish and clean the fish. You have to clean the fish. Do you know cut the fish, the coin inside the fish fish the fish m the coin right there to pay taxes. God have a way of doing things so contrary. That's what I love about him. God could have waited till the river went down for there to wait across Jordan. Amen. But they say tell it to your children how them stones get there. Tell them that we march and we touch Jordan. Them fellas put when they touch the river Jordan open up. Put 12 stones there. And when your children ask how them stones get there, tell them tell them. Tell them the Lord open up Jordan and we walk on dry ground and we put them 12 stones there. Hallelujah. You must have something to tell them. Tell the critics. Tell your haters. Tell the people who don't believe. God going to give you a testimony to tell them. Oh, give the Lord some praises people. Give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] Hallelujah. Bible say we are good seven ages. We are promised. Here we are. that at the la recent church age there would be another Ephesians. Yes sir. Now only a prophet could bring that. But what will produce this Ephesians? What's going to bring it? You hear this? What happened upon Sunset Mountain? God confirming his word. That's what this noise is about. What's all this noise about? God fulfilling his promised word again of Revelation 10 1-7. In the days of the sounding of the seven angels message, the mystery of God shall be finished. There we go. Are you ready? Amen. The hidden mystery of Revelation 10 1-7. The last message to the last church age. Amen. What is Revelation 10 1-7? Last message. The last message to the last age is the seven thunders. The angel came down not with the book closed with six seals with the book open. That mean all seven seals was pulled back. So the angel came with the book open and seven thunders throw their voices out. Hallelujah. That was a message that will gather the bride together. Show the bride how to prepare. Give the bride faith. That was that message right there. That is the last message. Glory to God. Give the Lord a shout of praise. That is the capstone revelation of Jesus Christ. Brother call it the last message exactly fulfilled the day when the son will reveal now church this message of Malachi 4 revelation 107 is going to do two things one according to Malachi 4 he will turn the heart of a to the fathers two he'll reveal the mystery of the seven thunders in revelation 10 which are the revelations contained in the seven seals it will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that will literally turn the hearts of the children back to the Pentecostal fathers. Amen. So in other words, he already come to re the thunders and the ters are going to turn your hearts back to the faith of the fathers. Isn't that right? Do you believe that? Amen. Hallelujah. So then we go back to paradox and we know about Danny Henry and brother Bam spoke some things and and it came across in French and was interpreted and this was spoke to the prophet because thou has chosen the hard way, the narrow path, the hard way. Thou has walked in your own choosing. In other words, I didn't have to do it. I could side and go with them if I want to, but I stayed with with the word. Hallelujah. Thou has picked the correct precise decision. It is my way. Hallelujah. Watch the harder way. God say his choosing. He choose the right thing. Oh, hallelujah. That means he wasn't choosing with his eyes or his emotions or his feelings. He choose the way of God. Oh, that's why you have to overcome the lust of the eyes. What do you think happened to Lot when God told Abraham all this is yours? He tell Lot to choose after before God tell Abraham that he tell Lot to choose and the Bible said God looked towards Sodom. His eyes saw his eyes saw the nice water plains towards Sodom and end up in Sodom. Abraham had the wilderness and whatn not but God said look to the east west and s all is yours. He used his eyes. What are you using this morning? What are you seeing this morning? Oh hallelujah. as so much as church foolishness is just flesh and blood. Not even seeing God. He do, she do, he say, them say, and what that said nonsense. Have nothing to do with the program of God. To see what God's program is. Look at look at Jacob wanted to get back home. He's studying his brother want to kill him and God and Jacob's doing this. He send money what he's supposed to richer than me. He sent his wife this way and what not. He split them all up until God caught him alone. Amen. And when God caught Jacob alone, then the angel could talk to him, minister to him, and he could wrestle with the angel. And he knew what he wanted because he know he can't face his brother. His money can help him. His popularity can help him. His wealth can't help him. Nothing could help him. Only God could help him. And he wrestled with the angel all night long. You know what he did? He overcome. He overcame an angel angel said come in the morning I got to go. He said I will not let you go till you bless me. Where you going? You can't go anywhere. I am too desperate. I can't leave it the same way I came. I've got to get a breakthrough. I'm not going to let you go. Then then he was touched. Oh, he was touched. That what I'm saying. You got to get an experience. Jordan is an experience. Oh, I'm going to say it again. Jordan is an experience. Jordan ain't no verbal gymnastic thing flipping about Jordan and exorting about Jordan. Jordan is Jordan. No, no, no, no. Jordan's an experience. Jacob was touched. It make him walk different. Start to walk with a limp. Now, that's embarrassing. You're walking with a limp. Walking like an old man, but he was changed. Hallelujah. God say no longer Jacob. Change your name and all. Walk with a new name. Israel is your name. Oh, glory to God. How could he become Israel without overcoming? How could a man walk in normal normal? I am Israel. I am Israel. How? Because you say so. Hallelujah. Because your mouth says so. You fix yourself by the new name. Anybody could do that. You could go and get your papers changed. But you overcome nothing. You write it on a piece of paper. Get it approved by the government. But that is not what Jacob get. He overcome. He wrestled all night long. God said for this overcoming I can leave you there. Every overcomer must have something to confirm is overcoming. You overcome the lust of the eyes. You overcome the lust of the flesh. You overcome the pride of life. Something have to happen to you. You have to come back in power. You pass Gal. You pass Bethl. You pass Jericho. You come through Jordan. You can't come back empty. You can't come back with the same robe. You have to come back. Where is the Lord God of Elijah, you have to come back and get a testimony. The spirit of Elijah, God rested upon Elisha. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Okay, let me just see if I could just finish this off here. Because of this momentous decision, a huge portion of heaven awaits thee. And I think and I wondered when I die will it be then it happen to think heaven is that portion different portion up there. Heaven is the kingdom heaven that's within us that once what? Wait for what a glorious decision that was made. This in itself is that which will give and may come to pass the tremendous victory in the love divine. And we see a tremendous victory in the love divine. Here we go. Do you see what coming down to the Jordan meant? We are down here now. Let's cross over now. Hallelujah. Let's quit playing. Let's cross to the other side now because it all belongs to us. It's all ours. Them visions never failed. They can't fail because they come from God. I believe it with all that with within me. We are not the Harland that will run back to the wilderness. We will cross Jordan. Hallelujah. Prophecy. Hallelujah. The separation. Hallelujah. Then he says, God, break to us the seals. That's on the back of the book. Let us enter into this great place now. For Joshua divided to the people their inheritance that God has left for them. Hallelujah. So he put the thunders that's the back of the book right at Jordan. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Isn't that right? Do you believe that? So there is where the thunders is at the seven thunders. Is that Ephesians? When you cross over, you have to cross over into the thunders. And the thunders will produce another Ephesians. The thunders by revelation supposed to lead us to Calvary. Supposed to lead us to death to self. We have to have power over self before we have power over others. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Come on, please. Hallelujah. God requires a Jordan in every life. There's some God call man. God requires a Jordan in every life. Listen son and daughter, listen. Mother, father, husband, wife, you cannot continue living for you. Amen. Amen. And call that Jordan. Whatever you want, whatever you feel, whatever is your desire, you get it. And if you don't get it, you misbehave or you carry on because you cannot get your own way. God requires a ordinary life. So Elisha come around and said to Elisha, "Oh my, you're a young man." The old prophet was trying to try him out. You're a young man. You haven't had much schooling. It's really You haven't had a grammar school education. All you know is how to plow. You better stay here and get your Bachelor of Art degree. Not Elisha. Not that man who once touched God. Amen. and felt the power of the anointing upon him. Hallelujah. He said, "As the Lord lives, and your soul never dies. I'll never leave you." He had a purpose. Amen. He saw the vision. Hallelujah. He know what was going to take place. Lord, and they both went down to Jordanise. Jordan means death. Amen. They stand there, the old man and the young man. It really represent Christ and his church. And there they stood by the Jordan. There she is coming out of the Judeian hills, the great ripples roaring. Elisha with his gray hair hanging on his back, his dim old eyes looked across Jordan. And the young man watching every move made. One, the young man, here we go. Are you ready? Was waiting for a vision to carry out the will of God. The other one was going home. I love this phrase here. They were both at Jordan. Oh glory. I just love those words there. They were both at Jordan. I just love that statement. One is going one looking for a vision to do the will of God and they both at Jordan. Oh hallelujah. That is what Elijah told Elisha, the Lord has called me across Jordan. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. And they too went on. Oh, give the Lord some praises people. Hallelujah. Oh my. I want to close but I want to just kind of wrap up here. Listen just suffer. Some say from as I was at Moses. Listen to brother Brown. I think a minister today that's called of God to step into the tracks where Jesus stood. What a commission. But each that's called of God is commissioned to stand in the same place. I'll be with you even in you to the end of the way. Each minister called to stand where he would. The works that I do shall do also. Each minister ordained of God is commanded to stand in the tracks of Jesus Christ and perform the duties that Jesus performed. Amen. That's quite a command. Not just talk, but perform the duties. Oh, hallelujah. Watch how it must have felt when Joshua was standing in the morning when God said, "I will not fail thee nor leave thee. Therefore, I will destroy and divide and make a way clear for you." Now, there's a great lot of types to go into that. Moses was not permitted to take the turn over because he had failed and the church organizations denomination has failed and that's why God had to raise up a Joshua generation. Amen. Because all what Moses did, it came to a dead end and it couldn't cross. So God had to take out Moses off the scene. Hear this part. God, there's a quote, Isaac, will raise up a new system and enter the nominational system by the power of God. By power, the power of God that will take the church into the promised land. Organization, denomination has messed it up. Each one after their own theology, each one after their own way of thinking. But God will take his holy spirit and will raise his Joshua that will take the church to the promise with no denominational things string tied it at all. Amen. God called ministers ought to not to be stuffed up with theology but has visited the land to where they're going to bring back evidence of divine love and power of the Lord Jesus to make known to the congregation that there's a land beyond the river. And this is something but a prince had preached. He said, "When we get to the river, it divides and separate us." Once on the other side, here we go. Something happens to you. Yes, sir. Now Joshua in all this, knowing that the command was great, but having the assurance, he could be fearless. He could be, we call it, reckless as long as he was pointed the right way. So can the church of the living God be reckless and fearless if the faith is pointed in the right way. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Isn't that right? So the first stage is coming out of the land. Then the second stage is sanification through the blood. But the third stage is when they cross Jordan into the promised land where the promise laid. Going past them. He said, "Now remember, you have to pass by your brethren and they are near the borderline. If you pass by them, don't say nothing to them. I have given Esau this mountain. I have given more of this country. I don't want you fussing with them. Press lighting. Just move through gently. You know where you're going. Don't take up their habits. Notice not the teachings, you know, their habits, which is their behavior. I gave Esau this mountain. Don't touch him. I've got something for you. Cross over. And I'm going to close with this. That's my desire, brethren, to see my church cross over into another land. Amen. A desire to move over to the other side. If there's something in you here first calling, there'll be something to respond to that call. Just settle down to sheep raising ain't enough for you. Going to some sort of business not enough for you. Just to join church, put your name in a book is not enough for you. But there is something calling you across the river. A deep call in a deep. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise be to Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Galatians 5, for the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. Against such is no law. And they in Christ have crucified the flesh with the affections and lust. If we live in the spirit, let us walk in the spirit, let us be Zarus of vain glory, provoking another, envying one another. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Okay. 1 Thessalonians 4. Furthermore, we beseech you, brethren, and exalt you by the Lord Jesus, that as you have received of us, know how you ought to walk and please God, so you would abound more and more. Know how to walk and please God. Amen. For ye know the commandments we give you by the Lord Jesus. For this is the will of God. This is the will of God, even your sanctification, that you should abstain from fornication, that every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanification and honor, not in lust of caspicence, even as a Gentile which know not God, that no man go beyond and before his brother in any matter, because the Lord is the avenger of such, as we are forewarned and testify. For God has not called us to uncleanness, but to holiness. James 1, blessed is the man that endure temptation, for when he is tried, he shall receive a crown of life. Let no man say, when he is tempted, I'm tempted of God, for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempt he any man. But every man is tempted when he's drawn away with his own lust and enticed. And when lust has conceived, it bringeth forth sin. And sin when is finished bringeth forth debt. Do not er my brethren. I'm almost finished. And second Peter, whereby given to us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature. Here we go. Having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. Isn't that right? Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You love him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Oh, praise. Let's all stand and just worship the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Praise be to Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. So, let us cross Jordan to an open vision of another Ephesians. That's what the seven thunders is about. To bring us to a place to die. The seven thunders was what was hit back there. Hallelujah. But we have got to die out and get closer to God. Oh yes. Seven thunders is not a a party card, not a club card. I believe seven thunders, you have a card, you show it, have a card. Not even the devil recognize that. Amen. Seven thunders a humble sweet life dedicated to God. That's the thunder that sh the devil. Let us bow heads and play something soft. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you [Music] Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you for [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you Lord. Thank you. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] How sweet. [Music] Hallelujah. that see a rich like [Music] me on was lost but now I'm found was belong but now I See, oh amazing grace, how the [Applause] sound I need. [Music] Oh, I was lost but now I'm found. Was blind but now I see. We just give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. like me. I was was but now was just give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, just give him praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Preious Lord, [Applause] take my hand. Lead me on. Let me stand. I am tired. I am weak. I am through the soul, through the night. Heal me all through the life. Precious Lord, take my hand. Oh. Oh. Hallelujah. You feel that way this [Music] morning. When my way grows d Preious Lord linger near. Oh, praise him this morning. When my life is almost gone. Hear my cry. Hear my call. Hold my hand lest I fall. Take my hand. Hallelujah. Precious Lord. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Glory Jesus. Hallelujah. When the darkness [Applause] appears and the night draws near and the day is passed and gone. Listen. At the river I stand. Guide my feet. Hold my hand. Take my hand. Precious Lord. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a day. What a day in his presence this morning. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Roll. Oh, [Music] roll the road. Oh, I want to go to heaven when I die. So joy. Oh [Music] sing. Oh yes Lord. Oh jo. Hallelujah. Oh, I want to go to heaven when I die. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, Jordan roll. Oh yes, Jordan sing. Oh, his presence is here this morning. Oh, I know. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. I want I want to go to heaven when I [Applause] [Music] join and Oh, I want I want to go to go to heaven [Music] where for the last time as we change the order of the service. Roll Jordan and roll. Hallelujah.
