################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-03-06 - Behold I Send The Promise Of My Father Upon You - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-03-06
Title:   Behold I Send The Promise Of My Father Upon You - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6qn257eVuM
========================================

[Music] didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. Oh, I'm singing this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, now the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. No, the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. This joy, this joy went down. This joy that I was singing the world didn't give. Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, now the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I didn't give it to me. Oh, the world can't do this. This Oh, the world. Somebody say this. Oh, the world to me. Oh, this world to me. Oh, the world. The world. The Holy Ghost that I have the Holy Ghost that I say [Music] now. Oh, the Holy Ghost. Oh, give it to me. Oh, the world. The world can't take it away. Oh, glory, glory. Oh hallelujah. Oh my goodness. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. I sing me well. Well, now the heap on me. I might. Oh, he set my feet. Oh, he set my feet on a rock to sing. He put a song down my soul to do a song of praise. Oh, hallelujah. Well, he brought me up. He brought me up on the Oh, he set my feet. He said my heart to stay down in my soul down in my soul to my song. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a son of praise. Amen. Did he bring you out this morning? Oh, he brought you out of that trial. He brought you out of that situation. He brought you out of that circumstance. He brought you here this morning. Give God a shout of praise. Hallelujah. One more time. Hey. Yes. Oh my. Oh my. He put a song. He put a song in my soul to be a song of praise. A song of praise. Hallelujah. One more time. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time. Oh. Give me that time religion. Oh, and it's good enough for now. Give me that time religion. Give me that time. Give me that time religion. Give me that time. Give me that. Give me that. Oh, and it's good enough for me. Oh, it will make you stop your life. It will save you and your life. And it will stop the devil fly. Oh, it's good enough for Well, now it was good for Paul and Silence. It was good for Paul and it was good for Paul and Silence. is good enough for it was it was good for brother. It was good for brother. Oh, it was good for I know it's good one more time. Give me that time. Give me that time. Oh. Oh, I know that it's good enough time for me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oldfashioned Holy Ghost. Praise God. Oh, do you want it this morning? Oh, you're going to have the Holy Ghost. We all promise the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah to receive it. Mary, receive it. You're going to receive it this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Give me Kefir, you are God alone from before time began. Amen. How many feel like worshiping him this morning? Amen. Oh, let's go back to before the beginning this morning. Before there was a problem, before there was a mind battle, there was God alone. Oh, hallelujah. Before the devil, before the enemy, before his angels, there was God alone. And you were in his thoughts. And in his thoughts, you are perfect. And in his thoughts, praise God. Hallelujah. You always a son of God. You always a daughter of God. Oh, lift your hands right now. Just worship him all over the building. From the front to the back, you worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Downstairs within the sound of my voice. You are God alone. Oh, from before time began. Oh, you are God. Your throne. Oh, and you are God alone. Right now and right now. Oh, in the good and bad. Hallelujah. Oh, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God. Oh, sing. You are God alone. Oh, from before time began. Oh, and you are on your throne. Oh, and you are God, Lord. And right now and right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone from before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. God right now. Right now. Right now. All the time. You are on your You are God alone. Oh, you are God. Well, you are God alone. Oh, from before time. Oh, yes. Thank you, Jesus. You are on your You are God this morning right now. Right now. Right now in the good times and you are on your God. Give him praise this morning. Oh. Praise your name. Hallelujah. Oh yes. We worship you. We worship you. We give you honor. We give you glory. We give you praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. Oh, you are God. Oh, from before time. You are on your throne. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are all you are God. One more time. You are God alone before time. Oh, you are on the throne. You are God alone right now. Oh, good times and bad. You are on Hallelujah. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning, oh heavenly father, we love you, oh God, we worship you. We give you praise this morning. You are the reason we are here today, Lord. Father, we thank you for your mercy. We thank you for your love. We thank you for your grace. You didn't have to do it, but you did. You didn't have to find us, but you did. Lord God, there's something in you that reached out to us and pulled us from the miry claim and pulled us from the world and pulled us from depression and pulled us from our past and pulled us from our mistakes. You pulled us from our failures. And we are here in the house this morning only because of your grace. Uh we are here in the house of God this morning only because of your love. Uh we are here in the house this morning only because of your mercy. We couldn't do it on our own. Uh we don't have the strength on our own. Uh but you are more than able this morning. May you take complete control of the service. Uh may the Holy Ghost pour out. Uh Lord as the minister ministers. Uh may the house shake under the power of the Holy Ghost. Uh may you break the chains of sickness. Uh may you break the chains of sin. Father, Lord God, let the fire fall in the name of Jesus Christ. We say this morning, where is the Lord God of Elijah? We are under expectation for the supernatural to take place. because your word declares when omnipotence speaks the miraculous must take place. Father, we commit this service into your hands. We commit the people into your hands. Uh we commit the pastor into your hands. Uh we commit the ministers into your hands. Uh the elders and the deacons into your hands. Uh the musicians into your hands. Uh we push back the darkness. Uh we push back all the evil. We take every spirit under our control for the honor and glory of the living and resurrected Lord Jesus Christ. And we say house of hell, give way to the name of Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. We commit this service into your hands. And the church says, And the church says, "Amen. Many, many amen." Feels good in here this morning. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? It's good to be back home. There's no place like home. Amen. Just before a few greetings, we do have a note of praise from Brother Antoine. He's celebrating 80 years old today. Just as strong as when he first started out. God bless you, Brother Antoine. A true soldier in the army of the Lord. And he put some of the young men to shame. 80 years old and he's still jumping. 80 years old and he's still shouting. 80 years old and God is going to fill him with the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire. And listen, he's 80 years old and he's closer to the resurrection. He's closer to getting back young. He's closer to 21 years old than 80 years old. Can we give the Lord a shout? Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Please help me softly. We do have three prayer requests this morning. [Music] for Sister Popwell experiencing severe pains in her right arm and shoulder. for sister Christine for chest pains and short breath and from brother Knights for sister Grace Knight suffering from uh diabetic condition and hypertension and if there's any unspoken requests you want to put by raise of hands as we approach the throne of grace this morning our heavenly father Lord there is power in the church of the living God Lord above every disease every sickness every affliction Lord Lord, Father, we come in faith as the Church of the Living God, Lord, with needy children this morning. Lord, you said healing is a children's bread. And we pray that right now, Lord, that you would touch Sister Popwell from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet, Lord. May that pain disappear right now, Lord, for Sister Christine with her chest pains and short breath. May the heal an angel touch her even now, Lord, from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet. and sister grace nights. Lord, let God this high blood pressure and this diabetes come under control and be completely healed. You are the same yesterday. You are the same today. You are the same forever. May these requests become notes of praise. Lord, we thank you in advance, Lord, because you are a healer. Lord, you are a restorer and you are a deliverer, Lord. May you touch all those whose hands were raised and may Lord, you heal each one in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." And amen and amen. You may be seated for a few minutes just to bring greetings to you before brother comes to minister to us this morning. Well, it's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. David said, "I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord." We'd like to welcome Deian Cunningham Daniel to the Headstone Tabernacle. Where you at? Can you stand, please? Welcome to Headstone Tabernacle. It's good to have you here with us. Amen. So I certainly want to salute brother Steven Olivi and the elders and ministers for taking responsibility in our absence. We had a tremendous time and God blessed. I want to bring greetings to the church from brother Jeano and brother Coen Brener in Europe and the believers in France and Germany who were there for the convention. I also want to bring greetings from Congo from brother Ben Balome the host pastor brother Olu from Nigeria, brother John Jaconia from Uganda, brother Christoff from Rwanda, brother Bofala and brother Joshua from Kinshasa and about 100 ministers and pastors throughout Congo. They sent their greetings to the headstone tabernacle Trinidad. And um we had a mighty victory and it was quite quite a journey because we went to France and we got into France maybe around 3:00 p.m. on Friday and the first service was around 6:00 p.m. So it was straight from the airport straight to the service and the Lord blessed I I opened up with a message one taken one left and brought it to the individual because we have a lot of people hiding in the groups and hiding in the church and they believe the church is their identification or the message is their identification when with a random tortoise the token is your identification only the Holy Ghost the blood is your identification and that's to the individual. So you can blame the group. You can't blame anybody else but it's to the individual. And then brother oid spoke on a time of lingering. And then I came again and spoke on let my people go. And then brother spoke on you shall receive power. And then we took a couple planes and went down into Africa where there were over 2,000 people under great expectation for the Holy Ghost to pour out. And the anointing was so thick when you walked in. the place was already charged and it was something else to see. When God's people get desperate and they're under expectation and they're looking for something to happen, God is obligated to meet the needs of the people who are desperate. God has a responsibility when you get desperate to meet you. So, every service was mindblowing. The worship, the singing, and it was really a tremendous blessing to see God move in a mighty mighty way. So we should have the services available on our YouTube channel during the course of this week and on the website. So look out for that as well. A couple announcements before brother O comes. All midweek services are on this week. So I'll be in Maraval on Tuesday, Lord willing. Brother O will be here at the church and I'll be down in Canupia this week. So make your make it a great effort to be in the midweek services this week. We're looking for God to do great things. On Palm Sunday, which is March 20th, two Sundays from now, we'll have a special deliverance service and prayer line. So, we want you to get under expectation for God to move in a mighty way. Uh for Palm Sunday, we have a special deliverance service and prayer line for the sick, for those who need deliverance, for those who are looking for a breakthrough. And of course for Easter, we have our Easter services on Good Friday at 5:00 p.m. and Easter Sunday at 800 a.m. So, are you happy to be in the presence of the Lord this morning? So, let's just stand to our feet as Brother Anthony comes back and sing a song as Brother comes to minister to us. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Praise God. Turn around and greet your brothers just one more time as we get ready to change the order of the service. Amen and amen. You are our father [Laughter] and we worship you. You are to be pray. Oh, you are alpha. You are ala and [Applause] me. We worship you. Oh, you are worthy to be praised. We give you all the glory. We give you all we were you worthy to be. We give you all the glory. in you the Lord. We worship you. Oh, you are worthy to be praised. Oh, you are who you are. Lift your hands right where you are. Amen. Beginning and the end. Oh, you're the first and the last. We worship you. You are worthy. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, one more time. You are you [Music] are we worship you. We worship you. For you are worthy to be praised. We give you all. We give you all all glory. Oh, we worship you. We worship you. Glory to be praised. We worship you. Oh, we worship. You are. Oh, you are worthy to one more time. We give you all the Lord. He gave you [Music] all. Let's just worship the Lord. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. to be praised. Let us pray. Father, we thank you that you put in our hearts to worship you and to give you glory. Lord, you are so you are worthy this morning. We are we come in grateful hearts heart of thanksgiving Lord to see your blood that speak on our behalf in this dark age Lord where gross darkness cover the earth gross darkness cover the people that you could send light in our day light oh God to shine that we could place our feet right oh Jesus help us this morning as we wait upon you we look away to you father we are so dependent upon you oh God but just to hear One word from you, Father. Speak to us tonight. Have your way. We pray in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. And amen. You may be seated. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, praise God. It is great to be back home among you all. Guys, I give a mini testimony and there's no way we could describe what we experienced and what we felt. It was such a blessing to be in France and to feel the Holy Spirit on the word in brother Janu's church and the blessing it is to be among the people there in Europe. And I know that God going to do tremendous thing amongst them. There's a bride around the world. Amen. Regardless of what condition, what culture, what situation, wherever it is, the Bible says that out of pe different people's nation and tongues, he's going to get a people. Yes, sir. I want to also thank brother Uldren for standing in the gap for us. Praise the Lord and for bringing that message, the hidden manner of the seven seals. And Christ is the manner. And he is also the seals. Isn't that right? He is who was hidden the seals. So when revelation 10 came down, Christ came down again. Hallelujah. And and he throwed out the hidden manner of seven thunders. Hallelujah. And see was hidden. John was about to rise. Don't write it. Hide it. Seal it. Oh hallelujah. And that manner is only for the bride. Oh praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. So we thank God for this seventh seal, seventh under revelation that must produce Jesus Christ. When you add up the equal sign, you must see Jesus. Hallelujah. Add, multiply, divide, subtract. But when you put the equal sign, you must see Jesus. Turn it left, turn it right, turn it upside down. But when you turn it, you have to see Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Because Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Mystery this, mystery that, mystery other. When you put it all together, you must see Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. I love the mysteries. Oh, glory to God. Christ is the mystery. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. So, I'm looking forward for a great time in the Lord. But I want to uh well, welcome each and one one of you here. And um I want to just address something before we go into the word. Uh I got invitation for Pen Harris 2016 and I want to uh make my comments on that. Um I want to read a quote here. Baram says, "Now when Luther came out seeing the spirit of God lead him out instead of letting the people stay free, he organized the church an image likened unto the beast." So image of the beast is not like some big concrete something. Once the church go into organizational mode, it forms an image because God is a God of the audience. And what happened in the beginning? They take God from among the people and put it on men. Then eventually a man and then God was popified. Or the pope end up being head of everything. God get kicked out and you have spirit of man reigning and ruling. Now watch an image like the beast, a political power like unto it. Instead of letting the people walk, here we go. As God gives light, they organize under a discipline. Yes. And they have to stay to that discipline. Yes. Yes, like we said before, if legalism was the way for to the promised land and dynamics, we should have they are ready. Because Trin in particular has been very legal for the past 40 plus years was legalism all over. So it didn't take that. If beating people into the gospel was going to get people into the promised land, we should have been there already. But it didn't work. So you can't beat people into it. You can't force people into it. It's got to be something revealed, unfolded, and experienced into your life. You can't make everybody Baptist. You can't make everybody Methodist. You can't make everybody Pentecostal. But you can make sons and daughters of God. Because he said he came unto his own, his own receive him not. But as many as receive him, to them give he power to become the sons of God. So at the end of the equal sign, what we supposed to see is sons of God. Daughters of God of God. Hallelujah. That's that's that's what it's all about. Your sunship, your godship, your inheritance. That is what it's about. Can somebody say amen with me? Your sunship, your godship, your inheritance. We were lost and we couldn't redeem ourselves. We were lost, we couldn't pull ourselves. We were in the mud pit and we couldn't pull ourselves up. Somebody had to come with a big rope, with a big ladder, with a big blood cord and pull us right out of that. And that's what Jesus did. You may be seated. So now that Jesus pull you out, he ask what for? He didn't pull you out just to pull you out. He pulled out for a purpose. Now you get pulled out to understand, wait a minute, you have inheritance for me. You have blessings for me. You have power for me. You have a rapture for me. You have a wedding supper for me. You have a coat for me. You have a wedding dress for me. You want to marry me. You mean you in love with me. For God so loved the world, he this is all about this. Is this real? Yes, it's real. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise God. So God moved right out of the Methodist church. No, Methodist church was God's church. Luther was God. The Holy Spirit moved upon Luther, but after he died, they messed up. Methodist church, God moved from justification, pick up the dirty glass. And you say, "You can't just be saved and live filthy. You have to get cleaned up." So then you get the Methodist, the oneway, uh, holiness, all these other holiness churches and so on. That was a clean up time. Then after you get the clean glass, you have to put something in it. That's where the Pentecostal come. Holy Spirit pour out, speaking in tongues. But God moving on. You have to put the word on top of that there. So it has to be the word. We are not Pentecostal. We have to be word pride. You have to be word born. You have to be born of the word and of the spirit. That's what Jesus you must be born again. Your first birth can't make it. Your church birth cannot make it. It's got to be the word as spoken by Malachi 4. Glory. Hallelujah. Somebody say amen. So Adam was always to bring forth after his kind. Hallelujah. What kind of kind was Adam? Son of God kind. So Adam must bring forth another spoken word son. But we fell before he could produce that. So Jesus had to come up with the spoken word and say you have to be born of the word and of the spirit that makes you born again. Word is seed inside of you. Spirit is a quickening power. Are you getting me this morning? Word is seed inside of you. spirit is quickening power to make that seed come alive. Don't say you don't need a spirit. You need a spirit. You need your cell phone activated. It may be the latest phone, but when it's activated, you can't make any calls. But when it's activated, you could call to heaven. You could call on the line. Are you with me? Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. So therefore he said do you realize friends? He said okay. So God moved the Methodist church. Oh wow. Let's do this message of revival that swept the world holy spirit with them teaching sanification. And the first thing you know when they did that they organized a church made an image under the beast political organized power purpose to bind the people of God to a creed instead of being free to worship and walk into the light as light was thrown in their path. Did you realize Christian friends that the antichrist which is the mark of the beast the antichrist anyone knows that the antichrist is a mark of his power? The beast is a power. There's a power of the Catholic church. There's a power of a Methodist church. There's a power of the Baptist church. That's beast power. So hear what he's saying here. The power of the church is beast power. If you say this is what we believe only and this is our church and that that that's a power. So therefore you have to obey the power of the church. That's a system. But when you come to Holy Ghost and individual you have no beast power there. That's the power of God upon your life. That's why Jesus said I will not leave you comfortless but I'm going to come to you. You going to have your own power not some beast system or power over you. Okay. Now watch. Now watch. So watch. Now of course being a Baptist. Now remember the reason I just kind of stuck with the Baptist was the sovereignity of the local church which I think is apostolic. You see I didn't even attend the fellowships but I but the Baptist church is not a denomination. It not it's not supposed to be. Now it was not supposed to be denomination. It's a brotherhood. It's the sovereignity of the local church. And if God is ever going to get a message to his man is elder according to the Bible, the highest office in the church is the elder coming through the elder or it has to go through the state prespit and back to bishop. We believe this period. So if we are under a bishop or as bishop or some message pope or whatever, then we have to consult them in order to preach and teach. And if you don't say this, you have to say it according to what the higher up say. So God don't want that. He want a direct line. He don't want no Mary. He don't want no man. He don't want no nobody between you and him. Now God don't have grandchildren. God don't have a CEO, a lesser CEO, a small CEO. God have sons and daughters. God have offices, prophets, pastors, priests, kings and whatnot. But basically God have sons and daughters. And a son of God is just like God. Daughter of God just like God is a offspring of the almighty. So you don't have to sit down and feel inferior than anybody inside of here. That's foolishness. You don't have to feel less than any inside of this building. Don't let anybody make you feel less than you supposed to feel. You supposed to feel like what the Bible said. Now we the sons of God. It doesn't appear what we shall be. We know when we see him we shall be like him. Oh glory. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. The faster you take up the role of your sunship, the less foolishness you will do. Praise God. You got to know who you are. Walk like who you are. Talk like who you are. Live like who you are. What God said you are. What God made you. We were born in sin, shape, iniquity. We born defeated. We know that. We lie, steal, crooked, whatever. That's how we live as sinners. But he came to redeem us and bring us out of that to bring us into a higher level into a higher atmosphere heavenly places in Christ Jesus. That's what the power of God come to do to raise you up. [Applause] Let a man go where God leads him to go. Wherever that man want to go, let a man go where God leads him to go. I like that man. If people in a conference say, "Well, here's a nice church. This brother built up a nice church, but we have a pet." They will send him over to this church. They don't realize they're killing themselves. First, if that man goes in there, he can't fill that man's place. They only weaken the church. So, how the church is organized, have a man establish a group. Afterward, they remove him, bring somebody else, shove them around because they in charge. They are controlling. They they they replacing God. That's why God hates it. That's right. That's right. Because that operation replaces God. That's right. And anything not built on the word will fall. Amen. But it has to be back to the word. That's right. God is no respector of persons. Amen. He's not respecting country. Because somebody in America or Europe or wherever it is, God not looking at country and how status, how rich you are and whatnot. God take take an ignorant man like Peter can't read or write to set his church in order. Hallelujah. Say this great omnipotent God choose men who can read and write to set his church in order because God don't need human intelligence and the intellect and IQ of men to set things in order. All God want is a heart he could jump in and eyes he could look through and mouth he could speak through and ears he could hear through. That's what God want to put on your shoes. God want to put on your dress. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] I believe in the supreme authority of the local assembly. Let each church be its own. Choose its pastors, its deacons, whatever it is. And in that way, the man in there has no bishop over him. Amen. The Holy Spirit wants to speak something to that church. They don't have to ask anybody about whether they could do this or do that. They have no fivefold to ask permission. Please, Mr. Fivefold. It doesn't have that. It's the individual in contact with the Holy Spirit. Show me by the Bible. What's greater in the Bible than a local elder to a local church? Sovereignity of the local church. Each church in itself now brotherhood that's wonderful all churches ought to be in brotherhood like that but the sovereignity of the local church this church talking about brand is built upon the sovereignity of the local church you all are the church you people are the one who control you the church yourself and the church the holy church of God is the sovereigntity of the holy spirit in that church. So respecting the sovereignty of the local church is respecting the Holy Spirit that operates in that church that would minister to meet the needs of the people in that church. Because the believers in India have certain needs. The believer in in Africa will have needs. Believe in Europe or France or wherever, they're going to have their needs. And the spirit know what the people have need of. And they could the spirit could take that man and effectively minister to meet the needs of those people because they are God's people. And God have his men everywhere to serve his people. God needs a man from Trinidad to rule the world or anybody else to rule anywhere else. God have men everywhere. Come on. He is omnipotent. He's all powerful. He is God. You mean God hands so short. He made the only English speaking preachers. No. It have French. It have Spanish. in all different languages that God have anointed servants of God to minister the word of God everywhere around the world. Could we give the Lord a shout in the house? Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You can't stop God. He's omnipotent. He's all powerful. He can solve your problem right now. When you reach home, it's already fixed up because he is God. Oh, hallelujah. He can for whatever condition you in. He can touch you. He can heal you. He can deliver you because he is God. [Applause] No, you cannot make a holy church. There's no such thing as a holy church or a holy organization. So that kill all headquarters that kill all special groups. That kill all you have to come here that the angel is here and here have it or whatever it is. And no, we're not saying that that kill all of that kind of gospel where you have to go to a certain place to get something. That is not it at all. He said now watch the Holy Spirit. There is no such thing as the holy a holy church or holy organization. The Holy Spirit can be preached in it but in there you find good, bad, renegades, indifferent and everything else. So when you say greet one another in Jesus name, you don't know if you're greeting good, bad, renegade or indifferent. You just greeting your brother and sister. You have no authority to say this is good, this is bad, this is renegade. But it have that. Hallelujah. We can't stop that. We just treat everybody right. Treat everybody respectful. Isn't that right? But in there you find all types. That's why you can't take one person and judge the whole church. You judge people on their own. Come on, say amen, somebody. Come on, give the Lord a [Applause] shout. If somebody backs the church back, come on, please. Hallelujah. Here we go. So, an organization cannot hold it. You cannot say we got it. None of the rest of them have it. You can't say that. Let me say again. You can't say that. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. I want to everybody say amen to that. You can't say you have it. Nobody else has it. You can't say that. You're saying the wrong thing. Don't even imply it. Some people don't say it, you know, but they're implying it. Glory. The Holy Spirit, here we go, is poured out on individuals. [Applause] That mean your mother can't stop you from getting the Holy Ghost. Your brother can't stop you. Your father can't stop you. Nobody, your wife, your husband, nobody could stop you. You got to have an angry person next to you. They can't stop you. Because poor on individuals. When they vex, you are smiling. When they're angry, you are worshiping. The Holy Ghost is pouring those individual. You can have your individual revival this morning. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] This tabernacle they say where she comes to church. This tabernacle is not a Holy Ghost tabernacle. There is no such a thing. Individuals that come into this church is Holy Ghost tabernacles. They are the tabernacles that contain the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. So I want to say that to you to this to you now. Yes sir. That the connection to New York initially was blessed under God's permissive will not perfect will because it initially came out to be a blessing to the people and a blessing it has been but it broke the sovereignity of the local churches. Amen. Yes. Not intentionally. Amen. But that was the fruit of it. Yes. And it brought in what I call a headquarter system. Yes. And we only have one headquarters. Hallelujah. And that is the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. But said the Holy Ghost is the headquarters. Pastors find themselves being a co-pilot in their own churches. believers no longer respecting the local elder but looking to headquarters. It was never taught as headquarters but the fruit speaks for itself. Yes sir. Testimony. My testimony after preaching in New York 2012 2012 had to speak with two ministers and one of them when I tell him I said our church is a suffering church and he banged the desk and said we should not go back to sovereignity to break the unity. Now you know what I just read, right? That was the word. So I knew that statement was off the word. I'm saying that because there is no unity without sovereignity. Margaret Tacha one time said talking about Russia, she said the weak does tempt the strong. That is where pope does come and bishops is coming. You see a small church, you see a weak church and they're trying to come to take over. The weak does tempt the strong. So this is my testimony. And I knew that what was being said, they knew that the sovereignity was broken. Yes. So he said we should not go back there. But I know the word that is the word. Hallelujah. Because anything going to fall apart if it gone off the word. Sovereignity is the word. Hallelujah. So it came to where you could connect and if you don't connect well you come out out of it. Not official implied. That's how it is. But anyhow we got an invitation for services in Pen Harris June 30th to July 3rd. Come rejoice with us one more time in Pen Harris on our way to the resurrection rapture and wedding supper this July in the hot July sun. and the bride will once again stop off at Denaris in the season of final rippling and um I got a real blessing uh welcome to invited to to come and worship. Of course we having our own convention here international convention 8 9th 10th of July which is the following weekend. I wrote this letter and this is my official response to Penaris 2016. Christian greetings to you. Thank you for your response and you welcomed me to Penaris 2016. I've been going to Pen Harris since 1981. From 1981 to 2011, that's 30 years. For 30 years of my life, I have been there every year giving support to this revelation and inspiration. Never once in those 30 years have there ever been a doctrinal issue with the word that brother Coleman preached. I never had to ask him a question and what he taught as his testimony was that of an echo of what the prophet brought. Amen. Amen. And I thank God God for that. I am happy that there is a Ben Harris 2016 edition. It is a golden opportunity at this time to return to the place of the debacle of 2010 to 2011 and see a healing after so many lives have been affected around the world and even after 4 years no one in leadership took up the responsibility to bring clarity and answers that the people rightly deserved. It has been business as usual for the ministers but for the sheep it was horrendous. As I told and the two ministers I absolutely I saw absolutely no burden for the people only the protection and standing of ministers. What an opportunity for reconciliation this Pen Harris 2016 edition brings. If I can borrow some words from the book of Daniel. the opportunity to finish the transgression to make an end of sins and to make reconciliation for iniquity. I will be praying for the meetings that the right words will be spoken and the right thing be done that the people might be blessed in Christ. God bless you and keep you Christian love pastor headstone tabernacle. The response I got was thank you very much for email. Unfortunately, I don't agree with your views as expressed in your email. But thanks for your expression that the right word be spoken and the right thing be done so that the people of God may be blessed in Ben Harris 2016. My sincere prayer, may God bless your convention. And that's that's it. So I just wanted to share that with you. I don't have the gift to talk behind anybody's back. I I I don't have that gift. I have the gift to tell you directly to your face and tell you just like it is. So this is what God give me and this is what I have to use. I have to only use the measure that God give me. I like to have things open and direct. I'm not hiding behind username and password to say anything. I will say what I mean. I will mean what I say and I will stand and sign what I say. Oh hallelujah. I'm not wild. I'm not on the anointing. Sometime preachers preaching and they want to say things on the anointing but waiting. No, we don't have to do that. Sober and song. Right is right, wrong is wrong. The word is the word and the word is God. You come here for the word. We never try to give you anything but the word. You know made a statement. He said we never try to introduce a gimmick that we have all the answers. There are some things just above my pay grade. I can't I I don't have the answer for it because you see God doesn't allow that because if we have all the answers become like God I can't give all the answers to your situation sometime God working things out in in his own program and that's why now we have to be concerned that the blessing you are under is not permissive will you want your blessing to be in God's perfect will because you could be blessed you could be going like Jonah going forward You're going forward, but you're going to Tashes. When God say go Nineveh, you could be doing this and doing that and never never pause and say, "God, what is your will?" Watch this. And I'm going to close with this. We going to have a time. You have two services. You're not going anywhere. We in Trinidad this Sunday. This is a Sabbath. Keep the Sabbath holy. This is our Sabbath. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Give the Lord some praises, people. We're going to get on into the word. But I want you to be free. Hallelujah. Free to worship. Free to shout. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Friends, we can only come back, we can only get back to the power if we get back to the original word. And I use the word original word. It has to be original word. And maybe in the spirit by vision the prophet saw people going off the word and said the only way the church will get back to power is come back to the original word. You see the original word have the original seed in it life in it. God put power in your seed and God put the seed inside of you. God put power in the mango seed to be a mango tree. The mango would not feel led to be a fig tree because the power is in the seed to produce whatever the seed is. So if there's a son of God seed that God put inside of you, I don't care what smoke, what drink, what life you live, you're going to come forth. That's why I know the devil is defeated this morning. You press your way to come here this morning. You struggle to come in this morning. But that devil is defeated. It wasn't you struggling. It was the seed in you struggling. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. You may be seated. All your trials, what you think the trial was about? To see if you will give up. To see if you will turn back. To see if you will backside and just let go. But you had husband trial, wife trial, family trial, money trial, home trial, children trial, whatever trial you have, but you're still standing. Praise God. After a while, the devil going to just give up on you. He going to say that I can't handle him no more. I try to throw him down. I blow off his roof. He's still worshiping. Praise God. a a hitter has turned with sickness, but he's still shouting. Praise God. He lost the insurance and he lost a house, but he's still giving God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What the devil will do a man like that? He said, "Take your flocks, take your people, take them and go." Hallelujah. Oh, I'm going to close with this this part. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. But Isaac drop a bomb in Congo. Just blow me out, man. Said, "Man, you never see that before." I was I was really a bomb. What did Pharaoh see when 2 million people was walking out of Egypt? He saw 2 million people walking out. What do you think the people were feeling walking out? victory, liberty, no more no more slave massacre, no more task masters. What do you think God was seeing? 2 million people coming out. Watch what God seeing. 2 million people was not going to go in. Lord, you know what God was seeing? Who they were carrying. Yes. Some of them was even born yet. Some of the mothers was even pregnant yet. But God was seeing who they were carrying. 2 million people. And and not one of them growing over except two, Caleb and Joshua. Everybody only carrying promised seed. Every mother walking with promised seed. The 40 years only carrying promised seed. My God, I feel like screaming. Do you understand? 40 plus years in this message, there was only carrying [Applause] us. Praise God. You are the bride. Oh, young people, I have confidence in you that you are going to make it. The devil is afraid of you. He's afraid. season. All the people you thought were bride and prime material, they need thunders, they need inspiration. They come through the front door and they walk through the back door. Praise God. Hallelujah. But God have a woman at the well. God have somebody don't get drunk, that he going to make sober. God have somebody passing that he going to restore. Somebody at the bar right now they're smoking. Praise God. and go and bring them out. Who are they? The 11th hour gentile workers. Come on, give another bunch of church members. The 11th hour gentile workers. Glory. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Praise God. And when these bunch of people come, they're not coming for explanation. They coming for manifestation. They're coming for books and tapes. They're coming like them three wise men. But where is he? Where is he? Where is this promised manifested word? Oh, let's stand and give the Lord a shout. Let's even give us a song. Come and sing something. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, do you love him this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. When we walk in the light. Oh, such a beauty. Oh, where do you see the power? Oh, and shine around mighty [Applause] and oh Jesus with the light of the world. Oh, one more time. Oh, we want Oh, and such a we Jesus name. of mercy for [Music] Jesus. Just one more time. We want to high [Music] My God, oh Jesus, the light of Oh, praise the Lord. This morning we have two scriptures we like to read. Luke 24:49-53 and Acts 1 vers4 to8. We want to welcome you again. Those connected to us on the hookup, we say God bless you and welcome Luke 24 reading from 49. And behold, I send the promise of my father upon you. But tar in the city of Jerusalem until he be due with power from on high. He led them out as fast to Bethany. And he lifted up his hands and blessed them. And it came to pass while he blessed them he was parted from them and carried up into heaven. and they worshiped him and returned to Jerusalem with great joymen and were continually in the temple praising and blessing God. Amen. We want to turn to Acts 1 reading from verse 4. And being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem. Yes, sir. But wait for the promise of the Father, which said, "He you have heard of me." For John truly baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost, not many days hence. When they therefore will come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, will thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel? And he said unto them, "It is not for you to know the times or the seasons which the Father had put in his own power. But ye shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you, and you shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, in all Judea, in Samaria, unto the uttermost part of the earth." Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word. And Lord, we pray that you would come into it and speak through your word. Confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles, and outpour your spirit upon the lives of your people. In Jesus name I ask it. Amen. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Have a title. Behold I send the promise of my father upon you. Wonderful. And I have an inspiration. Holy Ghost power from on high. Amen. Amen. My Lord. Hallelujah. But Brandham, question answered on the Holy Ghost. I have got to know what I'm doing before I can have faith in what I'm doing. Why you marry your wife? You had faith in her. You tried her. You watch her. You seen she come from who she was. That's the way the scripture is with God. That's what makes these visions, the pillar of fire, all these things because God promised it. God said, "So I have tested him by his word and know that it is the truth and you follow his word. And if there's a little confusion somewhere, there's something wrong somewhere because God never did work contrary to his own laws. He will never work contrary to his own laws. The winter won't come in summer. The summer won't come in winter. The leaves won't fall in springtime and come against in the fall. You just can't make it. Come on now. Yes. So I've said last night about the artisian well watering your crop. If you're standing out in the middle of the field, it's black night. You say, "Oh, great electricity. I know you in the field. I'm lost. I know where I'm going. Give light. I can see how to walk." There's enough electricity to light up the field. That's true. But to light up the room, but you got to know how to govern it. You might scream till you could scream no more. It will never light up. You have to work according to the laws of electricity in order to get light. Are you with me now? Oh, and that's the same way it is with God. God is the creator of heaven and earth, but he will only work as you follow his laws and instructions. So it's not a Viky vik thing. Electricity will not flow through wood. It have a a certain material. It will flow through and the spirit of God will flow through a certain material also. And that's why he have you have you a tabernacle as a vessel that he want to tabernacle himself in. Do you believe that? Now watch now it's watch. He said, "Now the method is the watch." He said, "Now the promise is the baptism of the spirit." Amen. Which is promised in the Old Testament and the New Testament. Behold, I sent the promise of my father. All we talking about is promises. This land of Canaan was a land in type of the Holy Ghost. That was a physical land. They came out of physical Egypt to physical Canaan land. We coming out of a natural land into a spiritual baptism. The Holy Ghost is the promise. Canaan land was it in type. Are you with me? So watch watch now. That is the promise. Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you. That is the promise. The promised land. Here we go. Is to live in this land of the Holy Spirit. That is God's promise to the church. It's to live in the power of the spirit. It's another world. It's you have to come out the land you're in, the condition you are in to live in that promised land. Oh, glory to God. Notice, notice Joseph when he was about to go, he said, "Make a pledge to me. Don't leave my bones in Egypt." Oh, hallelujah. He said, "Put, make a pledge. Make a covenant when you're going." Because I know you're going because God said, "So God can't lie. I know you're going to come out of here one day." Hallelujah. I'm not living to see it, but I know you're going to come out. He said, "But when you're going, take my bones with you." You know why Joseph said that? He know Messiah coming in the promised land. He know dynamics coming in the promised land. Evil resurrection come in the promised land. You're going not going to get Messiah in Egypt. You got to leave Egypt and go into the promised land. Oh, glory to God. Are you with me? So Jesus told them, don't leave Jerusalem. Stay in Jerusalem until until until you get power from on high. Don't leave that word. Wait for the power on high. Don't go with an interpretation. Don't go with some man's idea. Go with some intellectual conception. Stay until the power of God come upon your life because that's a promise of the father. Notice what we said this morning. Behold, I send. It's not to over send. It's not the minister sending. This is Jesus. It's written in red. Behold, I send. This is God talking. It's in red. Jesus said, "I am sending it." Are you going to wait for it or you going to run out before it comes? Oh, hallelujah. I've been waiting all these years and I'm still waiting because God promised L had mechanics and dynamics. We had mechanics and dynamics and we are going to have mechanics and dynamics. Oh, glory to God. For 50 years, word, word, word, word, word. But the time has come for the word to turn into power. The time has come for the spirit to come upon the word. This is that hour. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. I preacher for more talk. I looking for the day. He said talk over. Hallelujah. The God of Elijah. Hallelujah. Talk over. Hallelujah. Where is the Lord? God of Elijah over the talk. Don't speak. walk blind see raise up talk over manifestation of the sons of God. When born sons, filled sons speak and the word materialize just like [Applause] that. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Living tabernacle. Oh, glory. Living monument. You may be seated. Praise God. You become a living tabernacle. You become a living monument after somebody dead some big monument and say look at man some concrete business you don't want no dead monument you become a living monument a walking moving breathing living monument of [Applause] God and you walk angels walking with you I thought I might have a bigger amen than that when you More angels walking with you. Hallelujah. Praise God. You have you have escorts like how the police have yellow blue lights flashing when the prime minister driving but lights flashing. Son of God coming. Son of pastor. Pastor, son of God coming. Come on. Daughter of God coming through. Oh, glory. Them demons have to back up. They have to back up. They have to back up. The sons and daughters of God coming through. You're going to make it. You're going to make it. Glory to God. I'm here to help you make it, to see you make it, to preach you out of what you're in. Oh, glory. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. I can see Paul and I said, "Come on, you can make it. Come on, church. You've got to come to perfection. Don't sit and stare. Press and praise. Glory to God. You can make it. You can overcome the lust of the eyes. You can overcome the lust of the flesh. You can overcome the pride of life. The devil is a liar. You can [Applause] overcome. Say, I can overcome. Say it again. I can overcome. Say it loud. I can overcome. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] season talk about being transformed by the renewing of your mind. If your mind don't change, your heart ain't going to change because the mind is the womb to the soul. Hallelujah. That's where you're hearing things. Hallelujah. You could you could hear it and and and you could back you up or you could hear it and press it. Sometimes you have to be a little disagreeable sometimes. Hallelujah. If it's contrary to the word of God, you have to be disagreeable. Oh, glory. That woman with a blood issue, she was disagree with her husband because her husband didn't want her to go to that small church to hear this little wayside preacher preaching called Jesus. But her money ran out. You see, she written, she didn't want, she wasn't going alone. She had money. She's paying the doctors who wasn't helping her. They were just taking her money. But her money ran out. God waiting for some people money to run out. Praise God. Because you're not moving in the right direction because you have your pride. Because you have some pay packet. But when God let that fall and fail, then you Oh, God. Yes. He was waiting to hear that all along. You could have said it all along. Oh, God. Hell yes. When you had the money, you're not going to know [Applause] God. When the money gone, you Oh, God. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. Come on now. That What else? What else? What else? I'm desperate. Come on now. What do you want? I want the Holy Ghost. Come on. Yeah. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's a promise. I'm sending it to you. It's on the way. [Applause] Oh my. Oh, glory to God. So this promise of the Holy Ghost is in the Old Testament. Is it a New Testament? Isn't that right? Now he said, let's notice Jesus in Luke 24:29 had commissioned the apostles after they had been saved and sanctified according to the word. St. John 7:17, sanctify them through thy truth. Thy word is truth. He gave them power to heal the sick, cast out devils, raise the dead. Matthew 10 power, which was temporary power. Don't let that power fool you. Amen. That the one has disappeared temporary power. Judas was there and they came back rejoicing. Lord, even the devils are subject to us. When the devil see us, they're running. Jesus said, "Don't rejoice for that." That's not what you're rejoicing for. He said, "Bring it back to the word now." Don't rejoice now. Rejoice because your name in heaven. Rejoice because your name is in the book. That's why everybody here should be rejoicing this morning. If you know your name is on the book, you are the happiest person in [Applause] Trinidad. The prime minister don't have access to that book. Being a bishop or the pope, nobody could take your name out. You should be shouting. That is encrypted. That is encrypted by God. The devil can't get the password to get into behind God's computer to to try to erase your name and destroy your life. Your name is sealed. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Listen. Your name was in heaven. Your name was in the book. But what the revelation 10 says, I saw another mighty angel coming with the book open. What he coming with? He coming with your name and he covered with seven thunderses out. And the devil let him written the right he writing through. Devil spend listening to right there. Seal it. So he couldn't see it. And God take it and put it on the seventh seal when there was silence but only for half an hour. We have half an hour to get out of here. Half an hour to get transformed. A special half an hour. A half an hour that's in God. A half an hour the devil knows nothing about because only silence under there. But under there we add in faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, kindness. Under there we add in the life. We add in the stature. We add in the word. We going to make it. And you going to make it. [Applause] You're going to be a real Christian. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Have thousands and thousands of church members, but you will be a real Christian. When you walk, the devil's going to shake. When you walk, the devil is going to scatter. Here come a real Christian. We can't stand. You know what the devil say? Paul, I know. Some people trying to imper I know. But who are you? Those devils know when they see sunship, when they see courtship, when they see a predestinated elected seed, a light from [Applause] God. Some of you trying to hide Christianity. Hide hide living in the shadows or whatnot. It's almost embarrassing. The place black. If if it showing spirit realm, it's a dark screen. And when you walk, use a big big light. Devil seen you big big big big big [Applause] all seen is darkness darkness and light passes. Look look look look look one of them and and you trying to do so. I hope he ain't see me and your light flashing. So like a a light flashing. So look one of them. Look one of them. You better wake up and shout and get more power to stand. get more power to press because this little light of mine. I'm going to let it shine. Shine the light till Jesus comes. You can't hide no more. We exposing you. Hallelujah. You're playing chicken, but you're eagle. We going to expose [Applause] you. We going to expose you. You may be seated. You come with some chicken coat and you're you're big. You're too Yes. You too big for that. You're not even fitting right in that chicken garment. Big eagle. I see your wings. You can't play chicken and escape. I see your wings. You born to soar. You born to fly. You born the Lord lift me up where I belong. Come on now. Where the eagles fly on a lift me up. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. There's a breakthrough for you if you desire it. There's victory for you if you desire it. Just have a desire and the Holy Spirit will pick up your desire. Right there in this, the Holy Spirit going to pick up your Just get the desire and the Holy Spirit will pick up your desire and speak right back to you. Oh, glory to God. He will anoint me to speak direct to you. [Applause] He gave them power to heal the sick, raise the dead, they come back rejoicing, but their names on the land book of life. You remember, but they were not yet converted. Jesus told Peter the night of his crucifixion after you are converted. Amen. So Peter wasn't an instant stunt. I can have instant milk, instant coffee, instant chicken, instant everything instant. And they want that tablet now pop by the ministers open. When you take that instant, you're feeling like a son. Jesus told Peter, you will deny me three times. Don't die enough to get a man depressed because you were the disciple who was had this mouth to say well that you been me to come Peter always forward and Jesus say you deny me three times now but [Music] [Applause] you you want to fail but [Applause] But you'll be converted. Failure is not a problem to give up. Failure is part of the life. Some people don't like to fail. And when they fail, they No, no, no. That's part of life. How much businesses went bankrupt and bounced back? How much men who flop and fail and come back and did much more better than what they did before? It's only in Christianity people when people down, they want to beat them up. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down. Down. Down. down. Like somebody's a joy to beat people up, to make people feel they tough because somebody is down. Don't fool yourself. Not because somebody is down. You are up. If you beat somebody down, you dunk. Just like them. If you are up, you're going to raise somebody where you are. Come on, say amen to somebody. You heard what I said? If you are up, you're going to raise somebody up to where you are. You be seated. The reason people beat people down because they in the spirit, they down there too. And wearing long dress, wearing jacket and tie, but they in the spirit, they down there too. Look at the prodigal son. The young brother went and spend all the money and carry on and whatnot. Come back home. Father happy to see your son always looking out to get back to son and look at the older brother. Who is that inside of there? Your brother come back. Why he come back for then to hear the fatted calf get killed? And here cuz I'm bringing grass to he feed that fatted calf. He thought he was going to have a feast so that the fatted calf he can keep the less less fat one but the fatted one the real one cut that one up. He's priming priming for that for that calf. Come here brother that done cook and curry already pepper already and that already brother come feasting that already he he just depressed because the father rejoiced my son was lost leave 90 and 9 and go after the lost you stay there you stay there with yourself righteous self does go after the [Applause] lost hallelujah oh give the Lord some praises God I I hope you fall in love back with Jesus after this service. I hope there's a joy strike your soul for when he saved you. Remember when he called you? Remember when he saved you? It was you and him alone. The preacher wasn't even involved. It was God dealing with your own heart. Which man save you? What can the Lord say? No. No man can save you. No man could fill you. God is here to fill you with the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. You ever think you're going too far, you sin too much, this thing, this don't ever believe that once is an opportunity, God could do something special in your life. Hallelujah. You can't go far enough. Praise God. And you can't study your children, your family. I don't care what they smoking, what they drinking, what they doing. Oh God, your offspring going to be there with you, too. That's a promise. That's a promise of God. They going to be delivered somehow. I can explain it. Praise God. Who can explain that? Jesus needs pastor Samaria. Who can explain that? Because that woman name was in the book. She didn't know her name was in the book. She didn't know she was elected and predestinated. All she know she's struggling with her children and from this man to that man and to that man and to that man. But God have mercy. God saw what was in her heart and God meet her at her need. She was delivered. She was set free. And I believe in God people going to be set free inside of here that you could go and sin no more. that you could hold the son of man set free is free indeed. Oh, glory to God. We need freedom. We need a liberty. No more task masters. The task master beat you to do this, do that, do that. The devil beating you to do this and do this, but you get a break from your task masters. My God, let my people go. Oh, glory God. People going to go free. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Every demon bing in your life, we going to deliver you. You going to be delivered. House of hell going to give way to the name of the Lord. Oh, glory to God. My [Applause] God. You be seated. If in the spirit realm, God, open your eyes. Is the amount of demons camping outside your home and along the streets, you wouldn't leave your home without praying. If in the spirit realm, you recognize all the forces loosed against you. You wouldn't take things for granted. You would recognize the battle is not yours. It was the Lord's. It's only because the angel of the Lord encamp around those that fear him that you are protected. Come on now. My problem. You know what I said? It's only because the angel of the Lord encamp around those that fear him. A lot of things going on in the spirit realm you know nothing about. You be seated. What about him said when Daniel sought to seek the Lord and Daniel was praying asking God Gabriel was fighting to come to Daniel but David was battling battling and Bam said if Daniel stopped praying the angel stopped coming is Daniel prayer was bringing the angel so you know what praying going to do when you begin to pray if my people that's called by my name shall humble themselves and pray when you begin to pray the angels have to come deliverance coming breakthrough coming because you calling upon the name of the Lord Not by your might, not by your power, but by my spirit. Hallelujah. You may be seated. So with the Holy Spirit, before the Holy Spirit, receiving the Holy Spirit, you are believing unto eternal life. But when the Holy Spirit comes, it is eternal life. You are begotten of the spirit of sanctification, but never born of the spirit until the Holy Ghost comes in. He's talking about in the mother in the mother's womb there's a bunch of muscles be beaten and so on in the mother's womb but when the baby comes out as life comes into the baby isn't that right the same thing he said you are begotten at sanctification all the cells are being built up at sanctification but the Holy Ghost come and that is life isn't that right he said my dear Methodist brother Holiness Nazarene the baptism of the Holy Ghost is different from sanctification sanification ation is cleansing which is preparation of life. But when the Holy Ghost come, it is life. Preparation is cleaning the vessel. The Holy Ghost is filling the vessel. Sanctification is cleaned and set aside for service. The Holy Spirit puts it in service. The vessel that God cleaned up. So that's all God trying to do. Clean you up, turn you upside down, shake you out, do your God a good clean, and then fill you and then use you for his honor, his glory. One more ride, one more shake up. Oh, glory to God. You have one little space in this life to live. Don't waste it. Some people wait too long to recognize, wait a minute, what this life is about trying to get house, car, husband, wife, all wife, this life behind you. And ask yourself, what have I done for the kingdom of God? Okay. So, we find out the Holy Ghost is God himself in you. God was above and far with Moses. God was with you in Jesus Christ. Now, God is in you in the Holy Ghost. No three gods, one God working in three offices. So God came down and dwelt in a sanctified body, virgin born of a woman. That was God himself. You know what? He placed his tent among us. God dwelt in a tent called Jesus Christ. [Applause] So Jesus Christ was God tent. Yes sir. That God dwell in. I've been in Cairo and Egypt. The cap never did come because it was the cornerstone. The church in the church. It was the cornerstone in the full church. It was the headstone. It never come. It was rejected. He said, "And that's where the builders today." That's why the br the bride building here we go of Christ is not ready for the bridegroom. Hallelujah. Amen. Listen carefully. See, that's what we have to say. What the tape say, you know. Amen. Oh, we could preach a lot of stuff, but see this is accurate. This is God speaking. Amen. That's why the bride building of Christ is not ready for the bridegroom because the builders has rejected the chief cornerstone that was laid on the day of Pentecost which is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. So they got mystery mystery mystery mystery mystery mystery but life mysterious. You don't know what mystery connecting with the life. Hallelujah. So you see mystery is one thing but life this is the Holy Ghost has to come back to the Holy Ghost has to come back to Pentecost. Same life, same sensation, same works, same signs, same wonders. Amen. Isn't that right? Amen. Watch. See the people act funny but they don't come in order of our psychology, our educational, our learned. It don't fit in there. They ticked off. You see people say you have the word, the word, the word, the word. Yes, but the word need the spirit to come alive. That's why Jesus said, "Tarry in the city of Jerusalem until you endure with power from on high." What kind of power? Power to pray, power to live, power to overcome, power to say, "I'm sorry." Power to say, "Forgive me." Power to be humble. Praise God. Usually when people get blessed, they get puffed up. And I we know when people going about to fall, they get arrogant. They get puffed up. They get all up there hoy toy. And afterwards, God bring them down because the way up is down. So anytime somebody about to fall, they put theelves quite up. then they just fall right back down. But God wants us to stay in the dust. He want us to stay humble. God is looking for somebody. The more God bless you, the more humble you can become. That's a challenge. That's a difficulty. Because usually when people get blessed, they get puffed up. But God wants somebody. The more you bless. God want to open up the blessing and channel it through you. Come on. You could do better than that. Come on. Say amen, somebody. God want to bless you. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But I'm talking about the little rat in Egypt. Little mouse in Egypt saying eating sparingly. The whole band full of grain and like a mouse going on a diet. Eating sparingly. Sparingly. That's how we operate. Sometimes God gave you a blessing. You think all of it you feel you that that have more than that for you man. God want to fill your entire being till you become a manifestation of God. Think about it now. Jesus said the same works I do shall you do also. He was dropping promises on them because only promises will make the difference in your life. For you to be delivered, you have to have a promise. You get a breakthrough, you have to get a promise. Amen. Your deliverance, you have to get a promise. It's by these promises, you get faith and virtue and knowledge. You can't sit here without a promise. You have you promise what you're looking for. He gave Abraham a promise. Come on. All the brothers have promises. Job was looking for a promise of Messiah. The people of Israel are looking for a promise of deliverer in Moses. The people is looking for promise of Messiah. You have to be looking for a promise. What are you looking for? Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you. You've got to be looking for a promise. But your promise is the Holy Ghost. Oh, glory to God. He'll make a better wife, a better husband. Amen. Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Notice Jesus said wait. Wait doesn't mean to pray. It means so wait. They were not fit subjects to preach yet because they only knew his resurrection by his person of seeing him outside. He commanded them not to preach anymore. People don't I guess the five now even want to hear about that. Jesus told his disciples don't even preach. Stop preaching because to go in the new season you need power. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Listen after they started preaching Holy Ghost they get licks you know. That's right. Yes. Yes. And they didn't submit sick leave to stay from church because they get licks. Could you imagine they getting licks without the Holy Ghost? After 3 months, you don't know if anybody come back to church. But when they got the Holy Ghost and they got licks and they went back to church. They say, "Lord, strengthen us and send out some more power that we could go out and preach the word." Don't get lick without the Holy Ghost. We know what happened. Amen. That is licks with the Holy Ghost. So don't think Holy Ghost means no licks. Hallelujah. But you don't want to say amen. I caught that. Oh, you thought Holy Ghost mean no licks. They got They had Holy Ghost and they got lit. They had Holy Ghost, they got stoned. They had Holy Ghost and they got shipwrecked. Come on, say amen, somebody. And the Holy Ghost is God in them. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Glory to God. You see, everything don't have to work out smooth as you think, but it just have to be in God. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter if he put you in the Red Sea, lion's den, hurry for this. It doesn't matter. [Applause] Oh my God. Could show food proof to the devil. I could put one in the lion's den. You can't You can't throw them off. I could put them in the fiery furnace. You can't throw them off. I could put them in front of Red Sea. You can't throw them off. I could go anywhere, anytime, any place, under any condition. Come on now. You cannot throw off my people. It is my people you're dealing with. [Applause] Look what God has do. When the people backslide, let them king of Babylon take them. Amen. Some king take them. And then after they repent, he shall punish the king. You think God holding a long long grudge concerning his people? You misbehave, he deal with you. He straighten you out. But when you see a repent that spirit holding you, he punish you. Punish the king of Babylon. Don't mess with God's people. Don't fool with them. My God, my Don't fool with them. Touch not my anointed and do my prophets no harm. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a [Applause] shout. Listen. going on a man that like you today and he like you tomorrow he love you today he not love you tomorrow he excited about today he not excited about you tomorrow go not like that that's why who we for you he called he's not now calling you that fix up already before who he knew he before he called who he call he justified and he had already glorified so as far as God concern it's finished we just going through the motion it come like you know you're winning to rock the win. You know you win the boxing match already. That man don't know he's already defeated. Amen. But you have to go into the the ring tonight. Hallelujah. You can't sit down and defeat him in your mind. You may be come like pass through Africa. One of the place we we has to land there. Africa is drama. Hallelujah. And um so they asked for yellow fever card and so on. We give them that and have 10 years and whatnot. So the man called the brother who leading aside aside I know some kind of thing like some kind of with money or whatnot. When the cards come out now because we get inoculated for something we don't even know without a needle. They just put in the book because you need that. But that you know to pay for that and I tell that's some people they mark them. You have the Holy Ghost. You you have the Holy Ghost. But I just paper to effectively inoculate. You had to get a needle. You had to get injection. But in Africa they just put something inside the book and get a stamp and say well go. Don't take that not for Christianity here that you are good because somebody write that in a book. You this, you that. No, you have to experience it. You got to taste it for yourself. Hallelujah. So that was a joke for us. We have inoculation. We don't even know what kind it is. But we never felt it. We never tasted it. They just write on paper. That's a paper experience. And you know what? You could pass all these stations with that. You know, because that that way they see and they change to look at. But you see God, he ain't come with no paper. No, come with no paper testimony, paper this and paper that. You have to have the real thing. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. So Peter didn't say silver and gold have I none. Such as I have. Hold on. Come on with a book. Hold that. Read that. Peter didn't have that. He said gold I don't have. But such as I have I give it unto you. Rise up and walk. That is what we talking about. That's when talk is over. Come on, say amen, somebody. Action time now. Be coming for your family. Be coming for your loved ones. When you see a son, my God, in your spirit realm, you claiming him. You saying deliver him. You challenging demons and devils upon him. You have the authority to do so. By the authority vested in me, for as a son under the seventh seal, I said, devil, come out of the people in the name of Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory, glory, glory. What your blessings blessed. [Applause] Is this real to you? You may be seated. God is real. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. So they were not fit to preach. They only knew his resurrection by his person. I've seen him outside. He commanded them not to preach anymore, not to do nothing until first they endured power from on high. I don't believe that any preacher is sent of God can be correctly ordained because God is infinite and once God does once he does all the time. If God will not let them preach until they went to Pentecost and receive here we go the Pentecostal experience not a message experience you believe message or believe the words or believe the Bible. No, a literal experience that you and you alone knows. Nobody can explain it away from you because you have to have your own experience. So you have to have a hungering in your heart for your own personal experience to meet God. I remember as a 17year-old walking down San Fernando asking God I don't know who you are but I want to meet you. I want to know you. There was a deep in my soul as a young 17year-old crying out 1975 hungering and thirsting for God. Oh and he met me. Oh glory to God. Fire. Praise God. I encountered that on fire and he will meet you too. But there got to be a hungering and thirsting. And Jesus said, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness." They shall be filled. Come on, give the Lord a shout. Glory to God. So this word come to give an appetite in you. Come to give a desire inside of you. Come to bring an expectation inside of you to lift you above the movies, above the styles, above the fashions, above the internet, above everything around you, above the cell phone, above all the social media to raise you up and keep raising you up. Praise God. Because you are born of the heavenly power doesn't come from below. This power comes from above. It's power from on high. It's not power from the pastor. It's not power from the minister. It's power from on high. They heard a sound from heaven as a rushing mighty wind and they were filled with the Holy Ghost. Something happened to them. Oh, come on now. Don't just look at me intellectually. Say [Applause] amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Listen, you may be seated. This is serious because in Ezekiel 9, the slaughtering angel was called forward to begin the slaughter. Hallelujah. And the inorn writer was among them. And God said, "Listen, before they start to slaughter, put a mark upon those that sigh and cry." Amen. Those that in travail, those that have a burden, that's why you can't be light. You have to have a burden for good for the word of God. And the Bible says utterly male. We have that here. Female, we have that here. Young, we have that here. Old, we have that here. Start in my house. But come not near any man with that mark. So we have no time to play. We have children to pray for. We have husband to pray for, wife to pray for. Seal, seal, seal, seal. Put a mark. Put them out. Put them out. Put them out. [Applause] The angel not asking who who your pastor. The angel is asking you what group you belong. But when the press come down, wait the press come down say what what side in the message you believe for angle for doctrine. No, the press coming down. Yes. On this message because the prophet saw it. We can't stop it. The devil coming down. They see the the rat the the the angel with the swinging weapons coming down also. Not asking who your pastor is, how long you going to church. You got to get it as an individual. As I preach, one taken, one left. Not one group taken, one group left, one taken. We here to isolate you as an individual and say you is who God speaking to this morning. Not the entire group. You, the individual who God speaking to, not your husband, you. Not your wife. You. [Applause] Two in a bed, one taken, one left. Two in a field, one taken, one left. Hallelujah. The place we land on place called GMA have a have a volcano and it's not active right now. I think in 2003 destroyed the whole place. Visit the big rocks. This how far the volcano is, how far the hill is and so on where the city is. It wrecked the entire city. I said, Lord Jesus, what a thing. Amen. Big rocks, huge guys, black. They take it and grind it and make roads and whatnot. And bur talk about judgment of God a being a ton coming down a ice. I forgot what they call it again. Hail falling a ton. Judgment coming and striking the earth. And the people like atomic father are just material for the atomic bomb to strike. What where are we at? We're not in the beginning or the middle part. We're at the end of part. It's just because God put us here right now to prophesy until the time come. They have to wait until Amen. We can't manufacture anything to produce anything. We have to wait till my change come. When the change come there will be no I'm trying to say anything about it. It will speak for itself. Peter Peter Peter just lived it out. He manifested Christ. Oh hallelujah. So when your spirit come what will you manifest? Has to be Jesus Christ. Oh my. So therefore Ephesians church 8, thou cast them with evil. Thou has tried them with say the apostles and found them to be liars. These Ephesians believe that God people ought to be holy. They will not put up with sin in the church. Holiness wasn't a phrase with them or a figure of speech. It was a way of life. Hallelujah. Brotherly kindness is a figure of speech right now. A phrase, brotherly kindness, spirit of forgiveness. Honey, you don't have to live nothing. You don't have to forgive nobody. Just b honey. Thou has tried them that say they're apostles and are not found them as liars. My that's a blunt statement. Thou has tried them who call themselves apostles. Isn't that presumptuous? What right has a people to try those who call themselves apostles? How do they try them? Oh, I love this. It's in Galatians 1:8. Though we or an angel from heaven preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have already preached unto you, let him be accursed. Are you ready? It was the apostles who brought the original word to the people. The original word could not change. Not even a duck or a dash of it. Paul knew it was God who had spoken to him. Hallelujah. So he said even if I come and try to give a second revelation try to make one little change in what I give originally let me be accursed. So Paul was saying I Paul cannot come back and change the first revelation because God can't change his mind about his word. Oh could we give the Lord some praises people? You see, Paul knew the first revelation was correct. God can't give a first revelation then a second revelation. If he did, he would be changing his mind. He can't give a revelation and add to it as he did in the garden of Eden when he promised a seed to the woman, then later designated that seed to come through Abraham. Then later it would come through the bloodline through David. But it was the same revelation. It only gave the people more information to help them to receive and understand it. But it was the same revelation. But God could add more to give more information of how it's going to be unfolded. God's word can't change. The seed came exactly as revealed. And see what those false apostles were doing. They came with their own word. Oh, hallelujah. Are you with me? They came with their own word. Those Ephesians knew that Paul word was was those Ephesians knew that word as Paul had taught it. They were full of the Holy Ghost by the laying of hands of Paul. Hallelujah. They look those four apostles in the eye and said, "You are not seeing what Paul said. Therefore, you are false." So, we have a prophet in this hour. His name is William Marian Brown. A prophet in the end time according to Malachi 4. Behold, I sent you Elijah the prophet before that great and terrible day of the Lord. So God sent a prophet with original word. And if we stay with an original word, we're going to see firefall. You're going to see God confirm it. We can't bring our own word. We have to bring word on top of word on top of word. It's not your feelings. I don't like you. It's not a liking contest. You don't have to like me. It's got to be the word. I'm not here for you to like. I'm here to deliver a love letter to you. Glory to God. Your husband, give me a message for you. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. You are his wife. You are his bride. He giving preachers to send his word to you. [Applause] Okay. Hallelujah. So, you are not saying what Paul said. Therefore, you're false. That sets my heart on fire. Amen. Get back to the word. It's not you that really tries the apostle and the prophet and teacher. It's the word that tries them. We have to try people. Try everything. Hallelujah. The Bible say try every spirit. Every spirit. Not some spirit. Every spirit. I look at where they from. What country they from? Every. Oh hallelujah. You see I have no problem with people getting fight. And if I offend men, I'll get a fight if I offend God. I have no people problem people displeased with me. I as long as God is not displeased with me. I have no problem people walking away from me. That's okay. But I don't want God walk away from me. I prefer to please God than to please men. I prefer to please God than to please friends. That's why I say friend or no friend. Hallelujah. Praise God. I pledged when I was 17 years old that I wouldn't let money, woman, or popularity come between me and my God. I wasn't married yet. I didn't have any children yet. I was young. But I saw what happened with money, woman, and popularity. And I pledged to God by the grace of God, I wouldn't let that come between me and him. Oh, hallelujah. Friend and no friend, family and no family. I want that word. I come too far to turn back now. Too many miles I've traveled. Too many roads I've been through. I have too much to gain to lose. Not going to back up. I'm not going to give up. I'm not going to let go. I'm not going to turn around. I'm going to stay the course. Oh, glory. I'm going to finish this race. Oh, glory to God. Paul passes to Martin. Martin the Luther, Lut the Wesley. They keep passing the battle. And we have the battle in our hands. We going to run with it. We are running onto the resurrection. We are running on perfection. We are running with it to see a perfect church where the Holy Ghost have the preeminences in that church. When number six is dethroned, man is kicked out and number seven comes on the Holy Ghost itself put on fire resting upon the sons and daughters of the living God. Oh hallelujah. Number six, defeated. Hallelujah. Number seven, raised up, anointed. God don't have to take your ideas. Oh, hallelujah. There's an idea of God. Like I said, imagine two million people coming out and they don't even know. They are carriers. What God sees them as carriers. Carriers of those who would inherit the promise. Cuz when they came to Ken B, God said, "Not one all you going over. Just Caleb and Joshua." Hallelujah. He said, "Your children go over, but not you." Praise God. And when Jesus came, they was boasting. Our fathers eat man in the wilderness. And Jesus said, "And they are everyone dead." And brother said that dead means eternally separated from God. Hallelujah. That's how bad it was. The same people that God called God judged. Praise God. So don't think don't don't be careful. Be careful. People serving the God, I call it, of the imagination of their own heart. They're making their own gods. That's not the God of the Bible. No sir. God the Bible straight out Moses. They got the Bible straighten out Noah. They got the Bible straighten out Joshua. They got the Bible straight out all them sons of God. And the God Bible ego straighten us out. You got to be kidding me. That that is crazy. God is the word. No man could tell me let's go on, let's move on. There's a way to correct things. There way to handle things. There are way to deal with this thing. There's a way that see right man. And the way is a way of death. [Applause] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Man is still man. Some time ago we read for you. Moses in his time of lingering. Moses bring the people out. They saw miracles. They saw signs. They saw wonders. Rey open up. They dance. They eat. Everything else. Moses bring them up to the mountain of God. And he gone up there to see God. And the people find staying too long. They say we don't know what is Moses. My God. It almost like they bring theelves out. He said, "We don't know what happens most. Make us a god. Make us a god." And Aaron said, "Bring the earrings and then how they make a golden calf." I said, "This is the God that brought you to Egypt." My God. And Moses up there waiting fire burning out the ten commandments. God taking his hands and writing in stone, giving Moses instructions to give to the people because the reason God brought the people out was to give them instructions as to how he lives, how he operates, that they could be blessed. Amen. Amen. Because if you break the rules and the laws of God, you'll face the penalty of that. He wanted them to know his laws, know his will, know his rules. Amen. Amen. Praise God. That's right. When Moses come, they having carnival, they dancing, they whining, they carrying on, they drinking, they drunk. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Moses take and and the earth open up and swallow some of them. Judgment again. All through his judgment. This is the God we serve now. A God of judgment. Yes. God as is you. He is no respector of persons. He respects his word. It is serious. [Applause] Amen. Some might get message to preacher. Oh Lord, do I have to say that? Do I have to do what I do? Amen. But warn to me if I don't. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm not kid no crowd. Amen. I'm not kidding for nobody. I'm getting to to believe. That's why I love when the brothers get hear from God and speak what upon their heart. You hear directly from God. Somebody had pray and seek the Lord and get something from the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Man is still man. Hallelujah. All look like in Africa, you know, the roads not paved and nothing not even paved and so on. And they see the hunger upon the people, the passion upon the people. There's a clip we have on Facebook right now of this of the of the little worship after the last service. Just about 3 minutes. You talk about shouting and rejoicing and dancing. And that was after about a 2-hour prayer line. Almost 3,000 people passing through a prayer line. That was after that. And those people just energized as if the service don't start. Hallelujah. Glor America. Listen one time current went and if you see the music and the singing in that period they say try to tell America McDonald's people leave and come make a spin and come back then people stand up there and they singing and they rocking and they singing and they go in man and they go I say Lord have mercy oh good Lord the west have it too easy but in some of those countries the freedom the liberty the people have But they have Jesus. They don't have much but they love the Lord. As Baram say Africans know to worship. Boy do they know how to worship. They do. Oh hallelujah. It have no room for no half dead thing. You know man, they will b your ears. Oh hallelujah. It had whistle. It had horn. It had everything you think about it. When the preacher preaches like gold the same thing in the cricket stadium. That's the kind of thing they had there. Well you talk about excitement. You'll be leaving a football arena. Praise God. The love of God. And I man but only one more time reading the scriptures and when you read the scriptures so it's just exploding. I've never seen anything like it. Like like every scripture is like gold. Hallelujah. Like every scriptures Yeah. Yeah. Every scripture, man. God, those people was eating up the word. Forget about it. We didn't have enough strength to pump what we had to pump. The fire was all over the place. Oh, glory to God. You talk about revival fire. Never seen anything like it. It's one of the greatest meetings I was in. My God. God, I wish I could bring them people back to Trinidad. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. They're shouting. Listen, heaven going to be a great time. You know, wait till them sons of God who shouted for joy before the work. Before you had bills, before you can't pay the rent, before you have this pressure and that pressure, you were shouting. The devil is a liar tonight. Oh, God want you shouting. God want you worshiping. God want you praising. Oh, God want you happy. How many knows that? Depression is a spirit. God don't want you depressed. God want you to happy. But you must want God's will to seek first the kingdom. Everything else will be added unto you because God know the end from the beginning. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Listen. God asked Jonah to go to Nineveh to tell him people repent. Jonah didn't want to go. Amen. Different race, different people, different country. God could tell Jonah if you tell them repent, they they repent. God didn't tell Jonah that. Jonah say, "Okay, Lord, thank you Lord." But he g the wrong direction. But all that God have a way of all things work together for good to them that love God because those people worship the fish god. Jonah don't know that. So then the boats at a rock and then they say Jonah say at least I like that part though. Jonah was honest enough to say is me. The reason you're having trouble in this boat is me. Throw me off and everything will be fine. Why doesn't a man recognize he is troubled all by himself? All by himself. Stop blaming your wife. Stop blaming this one. You are trouble all by yourself. He said, "Throw me overboard and you'll be fine." God had a prepared fish. And Jonah step up. But repent and that king, that kingdom, everybody repent. Amen. And Jonah waiting to see his word come to pass cuz Jonah pronounced judgment. And God waiting watching Jonah and Jonah get in vex and Jonah get in horrors because the people repent and God repent of his repent. God repent of what he was going to do them. People repent so much that God repent. It's something when you repent you know it has it has touched God. Hallelujah. [Applause] You see, forgive me. I'm sorry, Lord. It's something when you repent, it touches God. Oh, it it does something to him. Oh, glory to God. So, watch. One of these days there's going to come for a prophet in La Church. You will know if he's a real one, God sent or not. Yes, you will. For if he's of God, he will be in that word exactly as God give it to Paul. He won't deviate from that word for a moment, not by one iota. In that last age when there will be many false prophets appearing, watch and see how they keep telling you that if you don't believe them and what they say, you will be lost. But when that last day prophet comes on the scene, if he truly that prophet, he'll be crying out, "Get back to the word or you'll be lost." He won't build on a private revelation or interpretation, but on the word. Amen. Isn't that right? Amen. So masterpiece, he say he started the day of Pentecost to build another man masterpiece. The original word started the first church. What was it? The seed word, the word manifested. Amen. The promise that was being given. Hallelujah. That's how it started. The church started with promise manifested. Amen. Do you get that? What happened? Pentecost was promise manifested. Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you. Wait for it. So if they walk up without it, the promise wasn't going to be manifested. But Pentecost was promised. Manifest. Say it. Say it. Manifested. Say it loud. The Pentecost was the promise manifested. So you have to receive promise manifested. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. So watch the word is a seed that I saw swed. The seed was the word. Any seed that abides alone does nothing. It's got to fall into the ground. So that perfect church fell into the ground and I see a Rome when she become an illumination. Now he proved to be right. He Christ was very light that they claimed they were worshiping. They claimed they were worshiping that light. They claim they are worshiping it. But their tradition, the glare in their face, do we? Okay. Okay. Notice his works was the living word itself. What he did was the living word itself. Showing that he was the light that has been promised since the beginning of the world. He was that light. His light on the promised word of the age make it live exactly what the promise said it would do. So when God promises in things light have to come on that word to make it live. Light has to come on that word to make it live or water the seed to make it live or shine in the darkness into the sea to make it live. Light has to come. Spirit has to come not by my not by power but by my spirit. Look for it. Expect it. Hallelujah. Live for it. Pray for it. The spirit is what is promised. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. When the day of Pentecost was come, when the Holy Ghost fell upon those people, they acted like drunk men and women staggering under the impact of the Holy Spirit and they walk away and wag their heads. These people is drunk with new wine and so forth. It absolutely was the light. The word that has been prophesied made manifest. Think about it. They were drunk walking like this and so on. Isn't that right? But that was the word made manifest. No signs yet, no wonders yet, just drunk looking people. Oh, glory to God. They have new wine. It was new wine. It was the wine of the Holy Ghost. It was the wine of God. It brought stimulation of revelation. Oh, glory to God. But they was drunk on something else. It was the wine from Joy prophecy. It shall come to pass afterwards. I'll pour my spirit upon all flesh. Your sons and daughters shall prophesy. Your young men shall see visions. It was that word from Joel. Come down upon them. Joel word come alive. Joel prophecy come alive. Joel prophecy made manifest. That was the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is the word coming on your life being made manifest. What's the kingdom of God? The word in you turn into power. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That's why when Jesus said when they said come here, go there, go. He said believe not, behold the kingdom is within you. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, glory to God. That's what the devil want you to know. The kingdom comes inside of you. Give the Lord a scream. Do you get that you are walking with the kingdom? That word is inside of you. The kingdom is inside of you. Oh, glory to God. You're going to turn into power. You're going to turn into power. So that's the kingdom of God. The word turn into power. You're going to turn into power. That's the kingdom of God. The word turn into power. So in every age, the word made manifest come to life is the light of the age. So when God said in Joel 28, it shall come to pass, I put my spirit upon all flesh. That was the light upon that word. When the word has been manifest, then it becomes light. In all ages, God has sent forth so much of his word for each age. God always sends somebody that that word can get into and show light of it. Amen. So right now it's talk talk. Everybody talking, everybody a microphone, everybody can shout and say what they want. Say what they feel and whatnot. But there comes a when the season change, when there's character in the lives of sons around the world, where the light will come over that and bring it alive, then it will speak for itself. Amen. No more to boast. Don't have to claim anything and boast anything like that. Don't have to get paper testimonies to say how great the ministry is or anything like that. No, nothing like that at all to give boost for the church and whatnot. No, it wouldn't need another. It will speak for itself. For itself. But I'm saying it will speak for itself. For itself. He will let it be made known among men. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You see, you have to know the word. You have to believe the word. He would let it known. So you think all these years God just have us killing time having church? That's not the objective of God. We are sons not church members. We are sons and daughters of God. It have Adams out there to go after. It have people you have to go after. Only you could do it. So you can't say you're shy. You let go. You don't feel led. God going to use you to get that last one to get your fallen brother to get your fallen family. God going to use you. I'm telling you to your face. God going to use you. Yes, you're weak, but God going to use you. the law of God going to still use you. If not you then who notice God will call you when you're strong. Sting you a little bit. Amen. God will call you when you're strong. God will call you when you to feel your strength of feeling strong. God called me I'm a strong man. God call you a sinner. God called Gideon when Gideon was the weakest least of all. But God has called you wherever you are. However you are and make you strong because your strength go be in God. Yes. Good gives the Lord a shout of praise. So you don't have to be all right to be who you are. Moses was always Moses. When he was a baby, he was baby Moses. He can't deliver nobody as a baby, but he is still Moses. Amen. His name is Moses. He is the deliverer. He doesn't know it yet, but he is the deliverer. Baby deliverer. He doesn't even know that yet. Nice child and you're shaking and whatnot. That's Moses. He is coming on. He is 2 years. He can't deliver nobody. He is 6 years old. He can't deliver anybody. 12 years, he still can't live anybody. But he is the deliverer. Hallelujah. Come on, say amen, somebody. But you are who you are. You are sons and daughters of God. You can't even heal a headache, but you're a son of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You can't even Amen. Pray for your little finger, but you are still a son of God. Hallelujah. Wife laugh at you, children laugh at you, but you're still a son of God. But you are coming on. Glory to God. You're going to grow up. You're going to become strong. Oh, the devil can't get stronger. He is just the devil. But you can. Come on, say amen, somebody. The devil is still the devil. He's always will be the devil. But you have been born in sin. Saving iniquity. Every service, you're getting stronger. Every book you read, you're getting stronger. Every prayer you pray, you're getting stronger. Every effort to praise, you're getting stronger. Every time you say you're going to worship, you're getting stronger. Give the Lord a shout in the [Applause] house. You may be seated. And God said, "I call you young men because you are strong." And if you're feeling weak, the Bible say, "Let the weak say I am strong." Bible say, "Let let the weak say I am strong." Because you have to say it before it materialize upon your life. You got to speak it. Let the weak say I am strong. You got to say you're going to make it because a man think in his heart so is he or so he is. Oh, glory to God. I'm going to be filled. I'm going to be sealed. I'm going to get a breakthrough. God going to bless me going in and coming out. He going to bless me all over. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Do you believe that this [Applause] evening? The word is a seed. I'm going to wrap up. It cannot be afford until the sun strikes it. Hallelujah. The sun has got to be upon the sea to make it bear to make it bring forth. You take the word, take the word of God in your heart. Walk into the shikina glory. When you do, it will bring shoeb bread. It will bring mana. Oh, hallelujah. And brother struck it. They took mana that was fallen every day. They managed to get stale. Uh God was sending them from his bakery. Heavenly mana fallen every day fresh. Fresh from heaven. But they took some and put it in the shikina glory. That one never got stale. It wasn't the manner. It was where the manner was placed. It's not just the word is where the word is placed. You take that word and put it on a shikina glory. Oh, it's different all together. It becomes manner to you. It becomes shre to you because of where it is placed. And God put your heart to uncover the shikina glory. He want to put that glory in your heart. And when the minister come and brings a word, drop it inside your heart. And you had shoeb bread. You have shoe bread for the week. You have shoe bread until next Sunday. You have shoe bread every day because the shikina is upon your heart. And the word is being dropped inside your heart. Oh, give the Lord some shouts, some praises. You are sons and daughters of the living God. You are going to make it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. I'm talking about people coming to church, repent before the service start. And when they come to service and the usher sits you down, you could come up and kneel, offer some prayer before the Lord and then go back and sit down and start to pray. You have no time to walk downstairs, walk around and say this one and see. After service, you could do all of that. But before service, you're getting yourself in gear. We want to change the whole tone and approach of how we see service and what we're going to do when we come to church. You're making an extra effort because you're looking for the glory to come down. When Solomon had everything in order, Solomon brick was heard. Solomon had it from different countries, different parts coming together. And when Solomon finished, the Bible said the glory of the Lord filled the house that the minister could not minister. One of these days we have such a service. The minister will not be able to minister because you'll be walking with your glory. You'll be walking with the glory of God. The glory of God will be upon your life when you come here. You ain't come here to go back home. You come here to be in his presence, to bask in his presence. You ain't come here just to dip in and dip out. This not a party. This not a tea party where you just stick in and step out. No, this is yet to be reconnected. You come here to get reconnected to your original glory, to the original spirit, to original Eden. You come to get reconnected whole week in the world. You're in church, your old day in the work and whatnot. When you come to church, you come to get a connection. You come to get fully charged. Glory. Hallelujah. Sit down a minute. When you're charging your cell phone, somebody say 50%. 60%. According to where you go, how long you want to go, you want 100%. That's right. So why you want to come to service and get 10%. You get 10% charge ready to go already. Only 10% you want to take by 10 time make two spin by Tuesday that that run out. Next minute tray request Thursday. And if you miss that prayer request, you're half dying Friday. By Saturday, you're almost in the morg. And by Sunday, we had a pray resurrection prayer. So don't don't don't don't leave here with 10% charge. Leave here with a 100% charge. Let you get a good charger and you come here to get your battery charger up. You want to be fully charged when you leave here. When the devil when your devil see you coming say stay away. Stay away because she will zap you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's a zapping life. Praise God. Hallelujah. You're repellent proof. Your zika proof. Mosquito proof. Hallelujah. Demon proof. Oh, glory to God. You're covered by the Holy Ghost. Covered by the blood. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. My God. Could you take a little more? Oh, glory. People sickness and diseases and and sick and all kind of things coming. They have more coming, you know. Different name. Same demons. They just renaming them. Just giving them new names. But it's the same devil. Sickness coming to challenge the sons of God. Prom will push back sickness. They would stop diseases. He said we will stop diseases. Come on now. Come on, preach back to me, somebody. He said it that we going to stop diseases. But disease have to be here for us to [Applause] stop. How we going to stop them and coming? They have to be coming. And when them coming, we coming too. [Applause] Glory to God. Hallelujah. My God. My God. You may be seated. I seen heaven looking over the banister of time. I see angels looking over and said they're going to make it. Yes. Yes. Yes. They're coming on. Them sons of God coming on. I told them in Africa, we are coming back. We are coming back to our inheritance. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. [Applause] Too late. Oh man. Feel good this morning. It's too late. Those three hub boys, they were praying three times a day. They say, "Man, you can't pray three times a day." He say still praying three times a day. God reserving. How about deliver making all kind of plans and this and that and make all kind of mouth champion and say what he want to say. They say, "Listen, we not even care to answer." The king be careful. Write a letter and put a letterhead and say care of this and care of that and what they say. Say we not even careful. Just tell the king we not bowing down. Just tell the king we're not bowing down. [Applause] No sensation, no feeling, no emotion. These are not fire experts. They don't have specialized in fire garments to say, "Well, they they a fire expert and a fire suit and they go face fire bravely. They are ordinary folks like you and I." And they speak a word. Our God is able to deliver. [Applause] And if he don't deliver, we still will not bow down. [Applause] You take them out and they walking towards the fire. This never happened before. You see, I want to tell you this. There are things that going to come in your life. Are you ready? That never happened before. So, stop living like if it's supposed to be as you are accustom with it. This never happened before. On their way to the fire, their bones are being loosed. On their way to the fire, they throw them in the fire and they refuse to burn. They call that fireproof. We don't want material that was around them, but they were fireproof. It was a Holy Ghost fire that was hotter than the fire that the king had. Oh, glory to God. God going to proof us with so much stuff. Look, listen. God going to God going to God going to surround us with so much power. Not even death. The grim reaper come with a big hook and we watching them show and say, "Where is that? Where is that? Where is that? Where is that? Reap somewhere else. We going to challenge death itself. The rapture is a challenge to death. We shall not see death. We shall be changed in a moment, in a twink of an eye, man. I don't feel like preaching. Oh, glory to God. Everybody afraid the grim reaper man with a skull and a big hook. Grim Reaper looking at you saying, "I'm coming for you." Coming for who? Not me. Your wrong age, wrong stage. Shall not die but live to declare the works of the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. The Lord had chasened me sore but he had not given me over unto death. Oh glory to God. Open up the gate gates of righteousness. Oh hallelujah. The stone that the pill refused has become the headstone of the corner. It's the Lord's doing. It's the Lord's doing. God did [Applause] it. Glory to God. Amen. God bless you to go through your stuff. You may be seated. Look at Joseph. Joseph had visions and everything else. But Joseph ordained to hit the prison. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He ordained his brothers to sell him out. Amen. They figure they're doing themselves a service because they're going to fight with his spirituality, which is consciousness and awareness and confidence and faith and so on. His blessing, his rainbow coat, his anointing, his revelation. They haven't fight with him. So they say, "Let's cut him off." I call it VHS politics. Them big fat tapes. long time they cut somebody off from your convention, cut them off from your services or what and you figure they done they done done they done done but season change VHS gone through they don't have that no more so they cut off Joseph sell him away and they say good problem done when people dump you to tell you problem done they get rid of you and you don't even know you're feeling depressed you're feeling down you're feeling low and God say I'm feeling good how they dump you now I could I could pick you I didn't want you with them to begin with. I want you apart. I want you separated. I want to bless you. I want to show you who you are, who I [Applause] am. So after Joseph B, he cry and whatn not. They coming out to Egypt. How you think you feeling? I'm going out to Egypt. He's singing specials. Can't sing no specials. Can't write no songs. Joseph in tears. Joseph feeling the pain of separation from brethren and brotherhood. But there's only a time. Amen. Afterwards, Joseph get adjusted, start to behave like a Christian. Joseph behaving right. You get promotion, promotion, promotion. Some promotion is trouble. He get promotion to garden and everything else. Partifer wife end up interested in Joseph. Joseph run for his life. Run real hard, he end up in prison. It's not justified. But guess what? God want him there. Amen. Hallelujah. Now you see we could look back on Joseph life and say amen. Amen. But if that happened to you, you know, Amen. Amen. Amen. It easy to read the story. But is that your story? Do you accept Romans 8:28 that we know all things work together for good? God wanted Joseph there to strip him because he had visions, he have dreams, he have revelation, he have inspiration. But God have to get that man in order. And to get that man in order is to loose him and send him in the wilderness to let him dry out and die out. Let him feel abandoned. Let him feel that God doesn't even care. His prayer not even being answered. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. Time running away and Joseph spending time in prison. seeming like seemingless life with bottle and baker and chatting and vision and whatn not all of a sudden God waiting for a certain time all of a sudden God give Pharaoh a dream hallelujah and Pharaoh tell his wise men interpret that dream for me tell me about that dream interpret that dream and they couldn't do it they said we know a man a man named Joseph he's in prison but you need to talk to that man that is the man that you need to speak True. He has a God that could reveal secrets and open up stuff that others can't open up. He can open that up. That's how they send for Joseph. That's how they're going to send for you because seven thunders utter your voices to that group who could hand the word dear. They're going to send for you. You are Joseph. You are the word rejected. That's Joseph. Hallelujah. Glory. You know what it is to come from prison to power. You know what it is. But Joseph made it. Amen. Come from prison to power. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. So Peter said according to the divine power given to us second Peter 1:3 all things that pertain to life and godliness through the knowledge of him that has called us to glory and virtue whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature having escaped the corruption that is in the world true lust and start of a man I'm going to wrap up in building this monument building this statue it starts up with faith and virtual knowledge what they what does it do they're waiting for the headstone which is love for God is love and he controls and he is the strength of every one of those things watch and what is that the Holy Ghost comes down through Christ see Holy Spirit is above all of this welding this together building a perfect church for the capstone to cap what's it been done again it's manifested through seven church agents seven messengers here you are seven church agents seven steps God building his church is like one person into an individual into himself. The power of God coming down through this welling it together. Therefore the Pentecostal people that let out of the Lutheran let out the wes and things you see they live in this part of the temple that's the way but God say I'm going to restore and the way God is expecting us as individual to grow the way he brought the church to grow. Amen. Just as the church ages grow we have got to grow. The prophet revealed that when you ask to get closer to God, what you're actually asking is that I want to grow in God. Because when you grow, you say, "I want to be closer to Lord." God give you faith. Amen. I want to be closer to you. God give you virtue. Hallelujah. God, what happened to you there? You're getting closer to knowledge and temperance and patience and godliness and brotherly kindness. And by the time you hit that spirit, you're one with him. At that day, you shall know I am in the father. He in me and I in you. You can't get closer than that. I and my father are one. When you see me, you see my father. Hallelujah. Because it's not me that doeth the works. It's the father in me that doeth the works. So it's God in you veiled pillar of fire. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All you're waiting for is to get back to Eden. Oh, the earth can't hold you back no more. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. They couldn't hold back Jesus. Jesus was a powerhouse. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. He cast out devils. He raised the sick. He healed the dead. He raised the dead. Healed the sick. Isn't that right? He was a powerhouse. And he gave the disciples the same promise. The same works I do, you are going to be doing also. You are going to be in a powerhouse also. Do you believe that? Oh, praise God. So when a man possesses these virtues, these kind of things, then the Holy Ghost comes upon him, no matter if you speak in tongues, you might impersonate any gift that God get music, please. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. All right. Come down to this. Notice here we go. If God acted one time on a certain circumstance and if that same circumstance arise again, he has got to act the second time like he did the first time or he's unjust. Now, no matter how bad you are in sin or how stupid you may become, he's got to act to you like he did that for woman or he acted wrong then. Amen. Here we go. God's behavior is his person. That's right. what he is in his behavior declares his person. And that's the way you are in your behavior. But Anthony, get ready. As we want through the lesson, when you spoke in tongues, you heard a story. Your life speaks so loud. I can't hear your words. So whatever you are, you are. The life that you live shows what kind of spirit is inside of you. Let's bow our heads. That's right. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Pray something. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, I want you to pray right now in your own way. Talk to your Lord. Tell him what you have need of. You begin to express to God your love for him. You begin to make your request known unto the Lord. Come on, open your mouth. Begin to pray. Father God, I pray that your presence will come upon your people even now, Lord Jesus. and for this little brief moment that they would whisper to you what they have need of. Lord, minister to every need here tonight. Lord, this is not an altar call. This is just the asking them to call upon your name. Make their request known unto you that you would help them. Help them in their needs and in their daily struggle. Father, we wait upon you. Father, bless them now. I pray in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. Could we stand and raise our hand and just worship the Lord right now? Oh, hallelujah. Oh, let's lift our hands now. Just close your eyes and Amen. Talk to the Lord this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You talk to the Lord in your way this morning. Lift your hands right where you are. All over the building, young and old. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Tell him how much you love him. Tell him how much you need him this morning. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Tell him your weakness. Tell them your struggles. Tell them your pains. Talk to him about your fears this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Express your desires this morning. Oh, talk to your father this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, all over the building, wherever you are, talk to your God this morning. Speak to him. Oh, commune with him this morning. Oh, Father, I need you, Lord. I need your power, Lord. I need your love, Lord. I need your strength, Lord. Father, I need your mercy. Oh God, Father, I need a power to overcome, Lord. Father, oh hallelujah. Help me when I'm weak, Lord. Father, oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. All over the building this morning. Oh, hallelujah. You talk to God this morning. Oh, how is it between you and your father this morning? Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Yes. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Forgive us where we have failed you, Lord. Forgive us where we have fallen short, Lord. Forgive us, oh, for our words, Lord, for our deeds, oh God. Father, forgive us, oh God, for trespasses, oh God, Father, as we forgive those who trespass against us this morning. Forgive us, oh God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Lord, speak to our hearts. Oh God, Father, arrest us, oh God. Arrest our souls, oh God. Father, we have heard the word preach. Oh God, but we need your spirit this morning. We need the Holy Ghost and fire. We need the angel, oh God. Father, the seraphs, oh God. Give us an experience, oh God. Father, take the coals and cleanse our lips this morning. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Wo is me. Oh hallelujah. Cleanse us oh God father. Make us new. Make us pure. Make us holy. Make us righteous Lord Father. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Here we are this morning broken and in need. Oh God father. Standing in need of prayer. Oh God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh yes. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh Lord, I love you forever. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. You worship him this morning. Hallelujah. For you have always been my friend. [Music] Yes, I will love you [Music] forever. Hold on. And follow you until the end. Oh, pour out. Oh, pour out your spirit. Oh pour out your spirit. Oh pour out your spirit in me. Oh sing pour out your spirit. Oh pour out your spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit on me. Oh, I need your spirit. I need your spirit. Oh, I need your spirit and I need your spirit in me. Oh, singing. I need your spirit. Oh, I need your spirit. Oh, I need your spirit in me. Pour out. Oh, one more time. Won't you pour out your spirit? Oh, pour your spirit. Oh pour your spirit in me. Oh Lord, pour your spirit. Oh, pour out your spirit. Pour out your spirit in me. Oh, give him praise this morning. Give him praise this morning. Give him praise this morning. Give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Thank him this morning. Give him some worship this morning. Lift your hands. Oh, worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Oh, hallelujah. How many you appreciate the message this morning? How many appreciate the pastor for moving? Behold, I sent the promise of my father upon me. Amen. Do you receive it this morning? Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Why don't you turn on with your brother? Turn on with your sister. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Come into my heart. Come in. My heart. Come into my Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh come to me. Come to stay. Come to my heart. [Music] Jesus. Oh, lift your hands. Come to my Oh, sing with me. Come to my Oh, come to my Oh, Lord Jesus. [Music] Oh, come to come to my heart Jesus. One more time. Oh, come in tomorrow. Oh, make it a prayer. Oh, hallelujah. This afternoon, come into my coming to my Oh Lord Jesus. Oh, come to today. Oh, come to stay. Coming to my heart, Lord Jes. One more time. Oh, come to my heart. Oh come in to my heart. Oh come in to my heart. Oh Jesus. Coming to my heart. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, worship him today. Worship him today. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let us bow hands as we pray to close out this morning. Oh gracious heavenly father, Lord, we realize how needy we are of you, Lord. God after this morning and all your servant did come and minister to us by the word did not our hearts burn within us as you spoke to us by the way Lord we are provoked this morning unto love and to good works this morning and to back to the word oh God Father that we might be filled with your spirit and love father we anoint your people Lord Father may you inspire them Lord Father may you bring us back to true Christianity Lord and true repentance Lord Father, bring us back to our grieving, Lord, and our mourning to see your word come back, oh God, Father, into the place that you want in our hearts, Lord. Lord, you anoint us for, Lord, Father, and inspire us, Lord, as even as we leave here, Lord. And Lord, but not from your presence, may you bless the different ones, Lord, as Lord, as we have your love feast, Lord, Father, and as we get ready to to to rejoin the service again this evening, may your presence come on in a special way. May you anoint us oh God father Aresh Lord. Anoint your man's servant now Lord as he labor to bring your word Lord. May in uh give him strength Lord Father once more Lord and restore him Lord. Grant it once more Lord Father. We pray and ask these things in your precious name. Amen and amen. Praise God. Praise God. At this time we'll invite brother Isaac over to say a few words. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Just to recap the announcements. You appreciate the Lord today. Amen. So all midweek services are on this week. So Maraval Kupia and here at the church all at 7:30 we want to encourage you to be there. Uh service continues this evening. We have communion service. The evening service we will not be streaming that service. So for those who are connected, we will not be streaming the evening service. And on March the 20th, that's two Sundays from now, we have a special prayer line and deliverance service. That's Palm Sunday. And for the Easter weekend, we have services on Good Friday at 5:00 p.m. and Easter Sunday at 8 a.m. May the Lord richly bless you. Musicians, ushers, come in to my heart. to my Oh, come to my Oh, Lord Jesus.
