################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-08-22 - By These Precious Revealed Promises - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-08-22
Title:   By These Precious Revealed Promises - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7CvS1Heip0
========================================

Oh, lift that same spirit. Oh, that raised Christ from the dead. Oh, dwell in you. Dwell in you. Then dwell in you. If that same if that same spirit and raise Christ from the dead in you. Oh dwell in you. Oh it shall. Oh your m. Oh yes. You heal body. If that spirit dwell in you that same spirit. Oh Christ from the dead in you. Oh, where is that spirit? See spirit from the dead. Let me sh Oh, your mortal body. Oh, is that Oh, this morning is that same spirit. Oh, that race. Oh [Music] my spirit. Oh Christ from the dead. [Music] Oh your mortal. Oh my spirit. Oh, it shall quicken. It shall quicken. Oh, you mortal body if that's me. Oh, are you ready to worship this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Say hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my high. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music] bless. Oh, sing him. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be my Oh, come let's magnify God. Oh, I can't hear this morning. Come on. for him. Oh, come back. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, my one more time. Oh, Jesus is the rock. I know. Jesus is the rock of my salvation. Oh, Jesus is the rock. Oh, Jesus is the rock of my salvation. Give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Jesus is the rock. Oh, yes Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Give him praise. Give him praise. Give him a shout. Give him a shout from inside of you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. [Applause] creation. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my Oh, I can open. Oh, in the light we walk. Oh, in the light we walk. Oh, in our life walking. Oh, right now we walk. Oh, in our life we walk. Oh, come on. Let's see a walk this morning. Come on. In our life. Oh, walking walking. Walking walking walking. Oh, we walking walking. Oh, in our life we are. Oh, in our life we are walking in our walking. Walking in walking. Walk walking. Walking. Walking. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, [Applause] come on. Oh, come on. One more time. We walk away. We walk in the light. We walk. Oh, in the house of God. Oh, we walk. Oh, in the light. We walk in the Oh, in the walking for the last time. Oh, we walk. Oh, in the we. Oh yes, in the light. Oh, in the light. Walking in the light of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, let the redeemed say so. The shout of the king is in the camp. Oh, hallelujah. The voice of rejoicing is in the tabernacles of the righteous this morning. Oh hallelujah. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Are you happy to be in the presence of the angel of the Lord? Amen. Amen. It is certainly a great privilege and honor to be back home and in fellowship. Amen. There's no place like home. Amen. And so before I give a few words before brother comes, we do have some praises and prayer requests from uh sister John King. God bless. I want to thank God for a successful surgery and I want to thank the saints for their prayers. Amen. Wonderful. Uh from mother Francis Timothy praising God for celebrating my 60th birthday today. God bless you. Happy birthday Francis. Amen. We do have some prayer requests from sister Vivian. Good morning saints. Please pray for my healing of the virus. And I'm also asking for prayer for financial breakthrough from brother Mundus Nicholas. For Maria Edwards for eye problems and a minor stroke due to diabetes and also for the salvation of her soul. from Sister Emir Richardson. Prayers requested for Shalomi Perry at Mount Hope Hospital undergoing some tests. Pray that all will be well and that she could be healed in Jesus' name. From brother Francis Timothy, please pray for Sister Margaret Timothy for renewed strength. She's feeling weak and is asking for prayers. and from brother Michael Blackman. Please pray for one of my staff members, uh, Gina Batis, who is only 43 years old and has been diagnosed with fourth stage cancer of the colon. She also has two cancerous nodes on her liver. The operation is scheduled for Monday and there are some complications. I've ministered to her faith and told her her told her of this prayer request which her hope and faith is resting on asking God for a perfect work. And if there's any unspoken or unwritten requests you want to show by raise of hands as we approach the throne of grace this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord, we see every hand that's raised in the house of God this morning. And we thank you for your presence. We thank you for the angel of the Lord that's already in this house. Father, now we know from your word that healing is a children's bread. May you drop down this morning and minister to every son, every daughter, Lord, everyone that's connected on the internet this morning and for these prayer requests, Lord, that your children have sent to you, Father, for Lord, Sister Margaret Timothy this morning, Lord, for her strength. Lord, she's feeling weak and Lord, she needs a touch. May you touch her right now for Shalomi Perry there in Mount Hope Hospital. Lord, may all be well, Lord. May Lord, she be completely healed and delivered. Lord, may this request become a note of praise, Lord, for Maria Edwards with the eye problems and the stroke from the diabetic condition. Lord, may you reach out to her right now, Lord, not just for her healing, but for the salvation of her soul. And Lord God for sister Vivian and the virus and the financial breakthrough. Lord may you touch her. And Lord for brother Mike's coworker Gina Batiste. Lord may you Lord God touch her right now. May the angel of the Lord a pillar of fire that one with the swept back wings. May you walk into her room where she is right now. And may she be completely healed from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet. Father God, may you bless your people, Lord. May you bless his service this morning, Lord. May you bless our pastor as he comes to minister the word, Lord, this morning. May you touch him in body, Lord. He's tired. He's weary, but Lord, may the Holy Ghost, Lord, use him as never before. May he be an instrument that you could speak to your hungry children this morning. Father, may you bless your people in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen and amen." You may be seated for a few minutes. We have a visitor this morning. We want to welcome Beverly Joseph. Uh is she at Beverly Joseph? Welcome. Welcome to Headstone Tabernacle invited by Brother Gerald. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, greetings in the precious name of Jesus Christ. But would ask me just to say a few words of greetings before he gets ready to come to the pullpit after we had a wonderful time in the summer international convention in Germany. And um I know some of you were connected online and I believe all of the services now are available on the website Christianfellowship.net. So I invite you uh during this week if you have not already seen the services uh to take some time to watch the services. It was really a tremendous blessing to be there to be among believers of like precious faith you know and as many of the brothers who ministered echoed there will be no divisions in heaven. There will be no this group on this side and this group and this side. So if on the other side we'll all be one family. We need to start to act like it from here. Hallelujah. It'll only be perfect love over there. So we have to start to display perfect love over here. It'll only be a a a family of God sharing the testimonies of how we made it over because we all have our trials. We all have our testings. We all have our situation and it was so precious. Um it was a first time for me to meet so many believers from around the world. There were about 35 or 36 countries uh that were represented there and certain precious believers uh really took up their time to travel many many miles and and and plane flights to get there. Namely, brother Ed Biscll who was one of brother Brandham's friends. He used to drive the prophet and his wife used to play keyboard at the tabernacle and at different uh meetings that brother Brandon would go to. And it was such a blessing to hear Sister Biscll speak to the young children about when she was about 5 years old around there when she met brother Random and and she was hiding and how brother Random spoke with her and how those words stayed with her for her entire life. And there were some other ministers there, brother Kenny Caps who grew up in Brandham Tabernacle, Brother George Smith, Brother Brandham's son-in-law, he was there and he spoke. These brothers all spoke and it was such a precious thing to hear not just the prophecies and the words of the prophet but to see how that prophet lived and how that prophet would as one of the brothers shared you would stand almost naked in his presence you know because the holy spirit the discerner of the thoughts and the heart would see right through you so brother Kenny caps I mean it was so much that was said it's impossible it was about 15 services in in six days so I mean, it was service after service, but at the end of it, Brother Clark, we didn't even feel tired because it was just basking in the presence of God, and it was such wonderful fellowship. And it was not just hearing the promises, but hearing the the softer side of the prophet as well, how he lived in his everyday life. And um, Brother Kenny shared a testimony of how brother Random's daughter expressed interest in him as a young boy. And when he heard this, he was like, "Why would she like me?" And brother Brandham's nephew said, "Well, if you have to go out with her, you have to go and speak to Uncle Bill." He said, "When he heard he had to speak to Uncle Bill," he said, "No, I'm not going to talk to her." He said because he knew that Brother Brandham would see through your life. And he was young, maybe 12, 13 years old or whatever. And he said he knew that he would take his money from school and buy comic books. And he didn't want Brother Brandham to know that he would read comic books on his way home from school. and he would take his little money and try to little gamble with his friends and everything and he didn't want but they ran him to see how he was living and it was such a precious thing to see the reverence and the respect of how the people who had the privilege the opportunity to meet brother Brandham how their lives were forever changed and the same brother Kenny Caps and he is speaking he's about 66 years old now and he's saying young people don't you ever leave this message because as a heavy price to pay. He said when he reached about 18 19 years old and you can listen it for yourself. He said he reached a point even after he had seen brother Brham and the ministry. He reached a point where he felt like he didn't need God anymore. And he said he decided to go and try to experience the world. And he married a girl who was not from church and ended up with two sons. And then one day living his own life he got a knock on his door and a police officer is out there. See how you Mr. Caps? He said, "Your wife was just in an accident and she died." And he say, "There he was with two boys, I think 2 years old and four years old, and he couldn't even know how to respond." But he said, "Whether God does it or whether God does it in a gentle way or in a hard way, he will find a way to get you back to him." [Music] And all of us this morning, this might be the hard way. It might be the easy way, but we are here this morning in the presence of the Lord that he can minister to us. Some through the fire, some through the flood, but all through the blood. And it puts us in a unique position where when you have this revelation, you can't look down at anybody. You can't criticize anybody because we are all contending for the faith. We are all contending because we want to make it. I don't believe there's anybody in here this morning who doesn't want to make it. We want to be a Christians. We want that living reality, that pillar of fire to be veiled in us. And it was such a it was such a joy to hear the brothers minister from around the world. One brother, brother brother Timuit, he preached a powerful message on giving an account. And it's something that I believe every believer should listen to. And he spoke about how we all have to give an account in whatever role we are. As a husband, we have to give an account. As a father, we have to give an account. As a young person, you have to give an account for your time. You have to give an account for your influence. You have to give an account for the opportunities you had to share a word to somebody, but you didn't do it. Because we have to give an account. We can't depend on anybody else's account. But we have a responsibility for the time that we have for for what we have been given. We have to give an account for this message that came to us dripping with blood. Through all the church ages, we have received a precious jewel and and what have we done with it? It was such a joy to hear brother Edis speak about how brother Brandon would be ministering and a prayer request would come up and somebody would say, "No, he's in this place." He said, "No, no, no. He's is in this other place." And found out that very morning he moved house to somebody else and moved and lived somewhere else. And the Holy Spirit already discerned that that morning he's in a different house to see the angel of the Lord just operate. And you have to hear it for yourself. So I really encourage you to really spend time in the word, friends, now more than ever. And I heard one brother say, "Don't let brother Brandham's voice be a stranger in your house." Amen. Amen. That's a powerful statement. Don't let the voice of the prophet be a stranger in your home. Your children must be able to recognize that voice. Your neighbors must be able to recognize that voice. Let them ask the question, who is that preacher? Because we have received a message and a messenger. And we have a responsibility to sweep this message on to the coming of the Lord. Because rapture and faith is laying in this message. Promises of adoption is laying in this message. A superchurch is laying in this message. A church without spot or wrinkle is laying in this message. Healing is laying in this message. The power of God is laying in this message. It's not in word only, but it's the power of God unto salvation. Can the church say amen? Yeah. You know, so it was really really such a great privilege and a blessing and to see the young people respond and to see the altar call and to see the angel of the Lord really deal with individuals and brother Edis spoke a message of he came to me when I couldn't go to him. He came to me when I couldn't reach out to him. He came to me when I was the end of my road. He came to me. Is that anybody's testimony here this morning? This has nothing to do with your neighbor. It has nothing to do with your family. It has nothing to do with what happened last year or last month. But when you are at the end of your road and you thought of giving up, he came to me. Because if he didn't come to you, you couldn't be here this morning. But he came to me. So I want to challenge you church, be more sincere. Realize that we are at the closing minutes of this world. Any day now we could be gone. It's it's real. It's it's a reality. It's a reality. [Music] Can we all stand to our feet? Let's just sing the songus. Where would I be? God. May the Lord bless you. [Music] Oh, an empty space. Oh, if not. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, you really singing this morning with a revelation. Where would I be? Oh, God. Oh yes. I'm seeing for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing gra. Oh, how sweet the sound. Oh yes, Lord. I was lost. Oh my [Laughter] god. Heat. Heat. Heat. So empty space and empty space. Oh for grace. So give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Glory be to God. Oh hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's bow hands with a prayer. Almighty God, truly where would we be but for your grace. Lord, we thank you for your love. We thank you for your comfort. We thank you for your blood. We thank you for extending mercy to us, grace to us, your love to us. And so, Lord, we want to be able to extend to others. Father, may come in a special way and speak to our hearts. We wait on you, Lord. God. We are needy people and we are desperate and hungry for you. Amen. We are thirsty for you, Lord. We want to be changed. We want to be transformed. We want to be made ready. What's the use of coming to church if we're not going to be ready? Help us and prepare us this morning. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And why don't you turn around and greet somebody in Jesus name. Glad you see through life. [Music] in for grace. You may be seated. Praise God. It's great to be back home. [Applause] And I guess one of these days when we get back when we get back to where we came from, we would say it's good to be back home. And I could see the heavenly father saying, "Welcome home, my children." Oh, what a de I'm going to do uh greetings from Germany and we had a tremendous time, a wonderful time in the Lord. Uh I was able to meet ministers I've never met before, believers I never met met before. Uh there were brother Ed Biscll, brother John Conte, brother Isaac, brother Kenny Caps, brother Kelly Hinderbrandt, brother Tim Puit, Brother Raymond Thompson, brother Ron Spencer, Brother George Smith and myself. We were there and the saints we had a wonderful time. Amen. And um you know it was very moving to have testimonies of people who were eyewitnesses of brother Brandham's life and uh it it was a particular service that really moved me and it was testimony by brother Ed Biscal and you know he was very close to brother Brian Arm Hunting and a lot of experience with him but what somebody said this and it struck me really deep there is no way out except up. What this world has to face, what what we have to face, there is no way out. Wealth can't take you out. That's right. Digging an underground bunker can't save you out. In a earthquake proof socalled building that can take you out. There's only one way that is up. Glory. And when I when that struck me, it it bring the reality how real God is. Amen. This message is and why God send and that say that there going to be a rapture. Amen. So no stocking up of food going to going to save you from what's coming. Amen. The Bible describe it as the beginning of sorrows. Amen. The Bible continued to speak about it as a time of trouble such as never was since the beginning of time. There is an eternity friends. Amen. And all of us going to have to give an account to God. Amen. For our thoughts, for our words, and our actions. I really want to thank brother Steve [Applause] Malveri for standing in the gap to exhort you for two weeks and I thank you for being here to give that support. [Music] I want to thank God for him for his dedication to God as a Christian. God bless you. So what was in Germany meeting was a whole new crop of believers and ministers and to see and experience such fine Christian spirit. Now I I believe in my heart that many people have gotten away from this Christian moorings and spirit. Somewhere along the line it has become so arrogant and puffed up. And I will say this to you and those who may hear this message. If you are up there, wherever up there is, or you are higher than I, wherever higher than I is, or you are tall and powerful and mighty, the question is, how did you get up there? How did you get up there? Now, if God's grace put you up there, what right or authority do you have to kick somebody in their face who is down there or below where you are? So, I want you to know we are where we are and we are what we are by the grace of God. [Applause] Hallelujah. You know what Ran says? God is looking for somebody, anybody that the more he blesses is the more humble it becomes. Because usually that that's the norm. Usually when people get blessed, they get puffed up. Amen. I say no. So it's very rare to see somebody where God pouring it on them and they become like a channel of God's blessing. They're not stingy. They're not mean. They're not clogged up. They're like a vessel that God could just and serve others and bless others and anoint others and help others and pull us up others and encourage others. That's what God is looking for. Amen. So my God, so truly I believe in all my heart that God has men everywhere and I was really blessed to hear the testimonies but Brandham's son-in-law, brother George was there and he give testimony how he first caught Brandham's daughter and the whole experience of brother Brandham everything else. It was really it's something you got to see. But I want to wrap this up with saying this that brother Brandon didn't only preach a message but he lived a message. It it was no game thing. Amen. Brother Ed Biscll is I think the last of the preaching preachers who was in brother Bram. I think so. One was brother Perry Green. He has gone on to be with the Lord. The other was brother Joseph Coleman gone on to be with the Lord and just brother Edis is around he's 81 years of age and I spoke to him after he he preached his last service and um he came off the platform and was walking and talking giving about an experience and I didn't know where he was going with it but he was just talking and sharing himself and I'm going to realize when you reach a certain age, what matters is memories, is legacies, it's your experiences. You pass the stage of looking for house, car, land, wife, husband. You're now tapering off life. And he was speaking about a German woman on the platform and brother Brandham discerning that she was praying for her husband or something like that. I didn't be very pointed and and and accurate right now on it, but that's the gist of it. That he was sick with cancer. He didn't say he was healed. He didn't say he was going to be well. He was sick with cancer. And he went on. After a while or two days or so later, they were driving through a desert place far and wide and whatnot. And there was a house he was passing and he was telling brother Ed Biskell you see that man that woman I was speaking to about her husband sick with cancer he lives there. So brother Ed driving say but he know the man there but he don't know he had cancer. So I guess my doubts must have come in but Abraham did not rebuke him and he would know you can't hide from the prophet. You can't hide from him. after driving many many miles to meet somebody else and when brother Ed tell him about the man living there he said yes and the man of cancer so he got the confirmation the discernment without brother saying a word but he went on and begin to describe how for miles and miles not a human being in sight how rugged this prophet was and they came to this edge of this place where it was a valley had beautiful flowers and everything else And brother Bram sat there with brother Ed Biscll and telling brother Ed this is how it's going to be like this beautiful lush valley with flowers and so on. And this is what stirred my spirit. He said when you cross over you just have to walk down that valley there and you're going to find me on that valley. And I was I was gone. And he sense then that this is real. You're not going to be here forever. Keep pressing on, friends. [Applause] And you know when you hear things like that you would see the gravity of what came to us in this 20th century. Amen. Amen. The politics is crazy right now in the world today. There are wars and there going to be more wars and more not just rumors of wars. Things will begin to take place. It going to get worse and worse. Yes. While you are in church, cherish the time. Take hold of the moment. Let your faith rise to to to believe God for all things. It will take more than sitting in church to get out of here. It will take the supernatural. Not natural. Amen. Supernatural. And that is what we coming into this morning into the supernatural. So could we stand at this time as we want to sing I love him. I love him because he first loved me. [Music] He call he first love me. Thank you Jesus and pray my child told me he said he said the atmosphere was right. He said things he said he can't say again. It was just a right atmosphere to say those things. It take the right atmosphere for things to really come out. One thing we do know the walls are going to come down. The walls that ministers build, interpretation builds, men ideas build, they're going to come down. But the Brandham said God people will gather together. Hallelujah. It may take persecution. It may take pressure. But they will gather together. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. There'll be one more ride and the Holy Ghost himself is going to be in charge of that ride. So this morning, thank you musicians. We have three portion of scriptures we like to look at. Joshua 13 1 verse verse 1. Ephesians 1:3-5 and 2 Peter 1 verse 1-12. The title of the message this morning is by these precious revealed promises. Amen. The subject is partakers of his divine nature and the inspiration is possessing your individual inheritance. And I do have a context scripture from Joshua 14. We'll sit down after and you'll read. But let's turn to Joshua chapter 13 and we want to read verse one there. Now Joshua was old and stricken in years. And the Lord said unto him, "Thou art old and stricken years, and there remainth yet very much land to be possessed." Ephesians 1:3-5. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who had blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as you have chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ himself, according to the good pleasure of his will. I'll read in second Peter, reading verse 1 to 12. Simon Peter, a servant and apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Savior Jesus Christ. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as his divine power. Here we go. had given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that had called us to glory and virtue whereby are given unto us exceeding let's read verse four together whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature Having escaped the corruption that is in this world through lust. And besides this given all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you, and abound, then make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind, cannot see a far off, and had forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore, the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, he shall never fall. For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord Savior Jesus Christ. Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things though you know them and he established in the present truth. Let's pray one more time. Father we thank you for your word interpreted to our heart. May the pillar of fire come Lord and rest on my shoulder and speak out to your people. May they hear direct from God this morning in Jesus name we ask it. Amen and amen. You may be seated. Praise God. And we say the title is by these precious promises. Amen. And the subject partakers of his divine nature and inspiration possessing your individual inheritance. Now for that I have the context scripture of Joshua chapter 14. I want to read from verse 6 to 14. Then the children of Judah came to Joshua in Gigal, and Caleb the son of Jeff the Kesanite, said unto him, Thou knowest the thing that the Lord said unto Moses, the man of God concerning me and thee in Kenesh Bania. 40 years old was I when Moses, a servant of the Lord, sent me from Kenesh Bania to espou the land, and I brought him word again as it was in my heart. It has to be in your heart, not your head. It's got to be in your heart to bring a word. Nevertheless, my brethren, and that went up with me made the heart of the people melt, but I wholly followed the Lord my God. And Moses swear on that day, saying, Surely the land whereon thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance and thy childrens forever, because thou has wholly followed the Lord my God. And now behold, the Lord had kept me alive. These 40 and 5 years, even since the Lord spake his word unto Moses, while the children of Israel warned in the wilderness, and now lo, I am this day four score and 5 years old. As yet, I am strong this day, as I was in the day that Moses sent me. As my strength was then, so is my strength now, for war, both to go out and to come in. Now therefore, give me this mountain whereof the Lord spake in that day. For thou heardest in that day, how the Anakans were there, the cities were great and fenced. If so be the Lord be with me, I shall be able to drive them out as the Lord said. And the Joshua blessed him and give unto Caleb the son of Jeffon Hebron for an inheritance. He therefore became the inheritance of Caleb the son of Jeffonire the Kesanite unto this day because he wholly followed the Lord God of Israel. May God bless his holy word. Oh, praise God. May we give the Lord some praising. Hallelujah. [Applause] I would like to be no other age than this age. This is the closing age. Yes, sir. This is the closing of time. We are honored to be in this age. Many wise men and prophets would have longed to be in this age. This have this age have the pressure and all the thunder you have to face. All the pressures you have to face. This is his age. All the temptations, all the trials, all what the devil could put out, this is his Eden. We are in Satan's Eden. Oh, hallelujah. And God promised to take a bride out of Satan's Eden. Oh, he will go to the corner of the earth to find you. He will go to your street and knock on your door to find you. You cannot escape. Hallelujah. You're not seeking him. He is seeking you out. Praise God. After this service, your life will not be the same. Glory to God. Something going to take place in your life. Let me prophesy over you this morning. Glory to God. This is not a normal service. This an unusual service. This a life changing service. You are going to be a partaker of his divine nature. Glory. You're going to eat out of it. You're going to receive it. You're going to apply it. It will be part of your system. Oh, give the Lord some praise, people. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. You may be seated. The Bible said, "If any man be in Christ, he's a new creator." Oh, glory to God. You're singing the same old body, same old face, same old eye, but a brand new you. Because there's a inside man inside that man. Come on, say amen, somebody. There's a man inside that man. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. 2 Timothy 16. 2 Timothy 3:16 says, "All scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness." Amen. And the amplified of that scripture says, "Every scripture is God breathed." Amen. It is given by his inspiration and profitable for instruction, for reproof, for conviction of sin, for correction of error and discipline in obedience, and for training in righteousness, in holy living, in conformity to God's will in thought, purpose, and action. Hallelujah. All scripture is God breathe. God breathe upon it. Hallelujah. That's why you can say my word shall not return unto me void because the breath of God is on every scripture. Holy men moved by the Holy Ghost. Holy men moved by the Holy Ghost. Holy men moved by the spirit of the living God. Oh hallelujah. We're not here to entertain you. We're here to bring you a word from the Lord. Oh, glory to God. Oh my. I certainly enjoyed by the George Smith testimony. He came and put a level on top the P and he had a whistle at this side. He said the level is to keep things level and the whistle is to blow when people falling asleep. And he used it. See you there. So I think I'll get a whistle. They can't believe we have the level. Okay. Now the Bible talk about I write in you children. I write to you young men and I write unto you fathers. Amen. God's objective is to get us to Christian maturity where we can handle God's stuff. You can't give an inheritance to a child. The Bible said if the child is the heir, even if the child is a heir, he has to be under tutors and governors until the time appointed by the father. Hallelujah. You know who the guy Bolt Bolt the guy who win the the the race thing. I heard something from him and he said the race is the easiest part. That's the easiest part to run the race. That's the easiest part. Come on now. He said the part that is hard is the training that he has to go through every day. Hallelujah. Every day. To run for 9 something seconds. Hallelujah. And we have a race to run. And we have a way to run. And we have to run this with patience. this race that is set before us. Hallelujah. Keep on running, brother. It's not a sprint. It's a long distance race. It's not those who start. It's those who finish. It's he that endure to the end. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. So therefore, God's objective is to bring you into a place of trying, that is your behavior, your chastisement, your ripening, your maturing, you ain't getting ripening listening to preachers preaching in church. My Lord, you get ripened by your test. Amen. By your upsets, by your disappointments, by your pray all night, you weep all night by the pain you got in the belly. That's what you That's what does something to you. God took away the prophet's wife, took away the prophet's daughter, and he was just testing him. Hallelujah. Because it is your behavior that sets you out to adoption. Everybody claim to be Christians. Everybody claim to be born again and to be God's children. But the Bible say try the spirits to see if it is of God. Hallelujah. Try them by what? By virtue. By knowledge, by temperance, by patience, by godliness, by brotherly kindness. It's not I trying you. The spirit's going to try you because what's inside of you is going to speak for itself. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. So when the pillar of fire, the dove came upon Jesus, he got power. Amen. But God couldn't say he him yet. God give him power and he had to prove himself. So the spirit led Jesus into the wilderness to overcome the lust of the eyes, to overcome the lust of the flesh, to overcome the pride of life. And he told that old devil, it's written, it's written, it is also written. And Jesus overcome by the word. So that first anointing or power or presence came to position him as a son. But then he had to be tested. And then afterwards God take him aside onto a mountain. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? He had to be tried. Isn't that right? Because God can't give you power yet. He had to test it first. Can't give you full power. Give you a little taste and pull it off. You have to be able to climb up the ladder. You have to be able to add to your faith, virtue, and knowledge because power without character is satanic. And character is not a gift. Character is a victory. A lot of people don't know that character is when you leave here and you deal with your issues. When you leave here and you deal with your Philistines, your Goliath, your problems, and you handle it and you overcome, then character will be formed in you. Then God will do something with you because you're not sitting on the premises. You are standing on the promises. These precious revealed promises. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Do you believe these this word now? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So in 1946, angel appeared to Brandon. All right. Empower him. All right. But the God didn't only empower him. It had others like all Roberts until different ones. They all had power. They all were doing signs and wonders. But guess what? Only one was adopted. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Give the Lord a shout. All our signs and wonders and all that are at walking, dead raising, demons casting out. But when come to adoption time, when come to hear him, one man stood out. One man was different. One man had character. One man God said here [Applause] he Oh, give the Lord some praises people. [Applause] from hearing him, brother. Amen. Now, Jesus, here we go. Had proven to God that he's been the right kind of a son. Amen. I'm a son. I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God, you know. I have people backsliding years. I'm I'm a son, you know, and they backsliding as ever. I like God owe them. They're on the way to hell. I'm talking about their son. They are son. A son where God call you out to put you in. That's right. It's not good to come out of Baptist Methodist of religions. It's not good to come out only. You got to go in. This is to put you in. There's not I believe brother Brian I believe the message of the not this is not that. Amen. We had that for 50 years. This is if you want to be changed. If you want to be listen if you want to be a partaker of his divine nature. Then then what he has become yours. Did you hear that? Then what he has become yours. So cusp Peter denying Peter. Peter said, "I don't know that man." When that divine nature became his own, he said silver and gold. I don't have but such as I have, I give. I give because I got it to give it. Give the Lord a praise. [Applause] Hallelujah. Now this is not mystery preaching. You know some people make the message so mysterious. There's that mystery mystery preaching you know. No this is the mystery. This is yet Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Every time the mystery come out it reduces produces Christ. Christ in the minister. Christ in the elder. Christ in the deacon, Christ in the usher, Christ in the church member. You're living a Christian life, not a mean, evil, wicked spirited life. No, not in your carnal life. No, not your natural life, but a spiritgiven life. [Applause] Jesus, God took him up the mountain, brought witnesses out there, heavenly witnesses, and he was clothed with immortality. My God, and they looked up and said, "His garment shine like the sun. A supernatural something take place. Was no book. Was no read that tape and it sounds good." And the Lord showed me. It wasn't that something took place. Hallelujah. A supernatural something took place and his garment glistened and God placed on him the robe of immortality showing that he had received them. Are you ready? Let's go. That's the thing that God will do to his sons here on earth someday. He will call you aside, church, if you will only obey him and stay on the word and believe it. He will place into the church before the coming of Jesus. All the powers that Christ had in him. Amen. Will be in the church. Hallelujah. Could I hear a shout on that? Not some of his powers. Hallelujah. Shout and say all. All. A bigger one. All. All. One more time. All. All the powers that Christ has. Oh God, we tired of sick people staying sick. Oh yes, we tired. We tired. Tired of sick people. Oh, glory to God. The sick's got to be [Applause] healed. Brother says, "We pray for them now. When that time come, we'll command it. We pray for some. Some get healed, some don't get healed. But when that time come, all getting healed. Did you hear what I just said? All the power that Christ had would be in the church. All going to be healed. Not even cancer. Not even cancer going to stand before the power that's going to be in the church. Do you feel it? You sons of God, do you sense it? You sons of God, you daughters of God, you may be seated. Notice the Bible said, "These signs shall follow ministers that believe." It said, "These signs shall follow them." Oh, give the Lord a shout. Are you one of them? Come on now. Are you one of them? These signs shall follow them. Are you one of them? Give the Lord a shout on that. I say you are one of them. [Applause] All that God was, he poured into Jesus. All that Jesus was, he paused into the church. God wanting his work done, he sent it into his son. My Lord, the son want his work done, sent it into the church. Lord, at that day, you will know. that I am in the father, the father in me, I in you and you in me at that day because the same power that was in Jehovah God rest in Jesus Christ and the same power that rest in Jesus Christ rest in placed sons. Did you hear that? There is no mistake about that. Not sons. Please. [Applause] When Moses died, God didn't waste time and had a morning ceremony for Moses. He h out Joshua. He said, "Joshua, Moses, my servant, is dead. Now rise up. Cross them over. Take them across Jordan. Divide for them. An inheritance." Oh, you're not hearing me this morning. You're not hearing me this morning. The church is marching on. The truth is marching on. [Applause] You may be seated. When they were in Egypt, God, they were the people of God. That's right. When they were called out, they become the church of God. God objective wasn't to keep them in Egypt. No. Egypt was bondage. That's right. God objective wasn't to reign man on them along the wilderness journey. The wilderness was just a journey. The destination was Canaan. The destination was the promise. It was a promised land. By these promises, by these promises, precious promises, God said, "I'm a good God. I have a land flowing with milk and honey. It have faith in it. It have virtue in it. It have knowledge in it. It have godliness in it. It have brotherly kindness in it. There's a good land. I want you to partake of this land. [Applause] Oh, glory. He is bringing you out. He is bringing you out. [Applause] Let me see that. Let me caution you one time. When you feel the world of the spirit of God around you, respond. React. Do something. Shake. Raise your hands. Shake your head. Do a spin around. Stand up and sit back down. But don't just look. People miss the healing. People miss the blessing by not responding. We are not come to read a magazine for you. We come to bring dust, sayeth the Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Applause] When the angel come and stir the water, jump in. [Applause] Say like, say like Esther, if I perish, I perish. But I'm going in. I'm going in this morning. Got to go in this morning. [Applause] Hallelujah. Listen, when you're pointed in the right direction, the prophet say you to be reckless. Let your faith get reckless. Man can help you. Forget about that. Forget who in front of you. Forget who behind you. They can help you. If God could help [Applause] you, my God, if I feel to sit down on the platform, I'm going to sit down. Praise God. It's God to help me. It's God to help us. It's God to help you. We need him. [Applause] glory. Oh, oh, hallelujah. We feel his presence this morning. So therefore the power will rest in place sons because the disciples were given power and that was a temporary power that wasn't resident power that Matthew 10 power behold I send you power they were associated with Jesus and therefore they had the power of Jesus it's like you know somebody high up in the government and because you know you are rank because you know the prime minister you know this one you could go up to them because you partners will Jesus part they share in Jesus blessing. Yes. But when Jesus went off the mountain, them had no power to cast out no epileptic spirit. Because Jesus come off the mountain now. Hallelujah. But hear him upon him. Those guys was trying to cast out. The devil saying look at you. Jesus told you to cast out and not you could do it. My God. But Jesus coming down the mountain. Here come faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, charity, a sealed unit. That devil know he was trembling. Jesus Jesus is to open his mouth yet and the devil want to know when to get out. Oh, glory to God. It will speak for itself. Did you hear what I said? [Applause] Them devils said, "Paul, I know, Peter, I know, but who are you?" Those devils seeing something on the inside. Oh, it was more than a man. If you look at the man, you will say, "Peter deny Christ." If you look at the man, you will say, "Peter cursed." That had nothing to do with the plan and program of God for that man life. Your failures is nothing. Your failures, let me say it. Good. [Applause] That's what the blood is for. That's what the blood is for. The blood is for your failures. The blood is for your mistakes. The blood is for your sins. Oh, give the Lord a shout. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So, Brother Brandham, you will be seated. He was born a prophet. Born a prophet. But God told him, "Do the work of evangelist." To do what? To grow. That's right. To mature. Amen. To ripen. Amen. To be tested. And when he lose his wife and his child, every say, "Look at you. You preaching all these years and you're serving the Lord. If the Lord wouldn't answer your prayer, your daughter would not die, too. And he was almost giving in to say it's true devil. All of a sudden something in him not here. Something inside of here. Say the Lord give the Lord take it away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The Lord give. The Lord take it away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And what are you crying about? What trial have you been through? What? What? What's so hard? Get next to yourself. This is for no baby. This is for men to be boys to become men. Oh, glory to God. This is this is championship time. Glory. You don't go to Olympics because you just take a run around the block. No, you go there because you qualify to enter into races and enter into this and that because he's the best in the world of God. Call me now. Oh God, feeling good right now. So the devil has climax into his very best. So God promised to get his very best. You are here a shout in the house. Now you're beginning to know who you are. When God call you, he see you as his very best. I know you don't feel like it. I know you don't feel like it, but that does not change it. [Applause] So brother went through processes went through test and trial and character formation until God dropped into him the king's sword and positionally placed him as a son of God. Now he was placed in his position as that Elijah to open six seals because Christ is the seventh seal that was sea inside of him because he was sent with a message to introduce Elijah. So not only did he operate as Moses to bring the people out but he got the Joshua commission with the hand of God. Open the Bible and point from Joshua 1 to9 August the 7th 1957 and God reconfirmed that to him the 20th of September 1965. So William Brham had the Joshua commission. A lot of people get mixed up with that because looking for a physical man to come and say let me go work the land. But your father what that's all about. God couldn't give you spirit when you have no seed word. If God give you a spirit without seed, you end up by Pentecostals speaking on the chandelier, speaking in tongues and going nowhere. Dynamics struck the Pentecostals. They had signs, wonders, they still do. Miracles, speaking in tongues and whatnot, but no character. So there was no adoption. So all they hear is scandal after scandal after scandal with those pastors because there was no life. So God said, "I'm going to reboot. I'm going to put my word in the people and use my word in them." And the word comes to a prophet. So when they reject the prophet, they reject the word. And the word is the channel of the spirit. The word is the conductor of the spirit. So if you want to see the spirit flow, put the word [Applause] in. Because in this season and time, God is using his own word. That is why the bride cannot [Applause] fail. Did you get that? Did you get that? This bride will not be like [Applause] [Music] Eve. Eve, you said sit down a minute, please. Eve was supposed to stay behind the word and she came off from the word and the devil knocked her down. But despite will be the word. No false prophet, no false teacher, no false whatever could throw her off the word because God sent a prophet and a seven angel messenger. Hallelujah. who who went up in the in in in the mind of God and brought down the mystery of God as the word of God and reveal all the promises of God. So we were here to preach promises to you. I'm not here yet to preach my dream. I'm here to bring promises to shake your flesh up, to shake your spirit up, to rock your soul to the very word of God. [Applause] I didn't make the promise. God made the promise. And if God made a promise, he's able to keep it. You may be seated. Praise God. Hallelujah. Placing a son, take him out to a certain place, have a ceremony before angels, place him positionally what he is in the body of Christ, then that person has the authority. Let me say this. If you count me for a fanatic from this night on, that very same thing that I'm speaking of will be done. Amen. There will be a power put into the church. And now it's coming in that the Holy Spirit will so anoint the people will speak the word and it will create itself right there. We haven't seen power coming in the church. Now I know it for a fact. Say it to this mountain. Be moving. No doubt in your heart. You can have it what you says. The placing of the church in position. Are you ready? Where the fullness of the Holy Ghost or the power of Holy Ghost comes into the church then the criticism will be shut. It will be a short time. Jesus come right off the mountain and went straight to Calvary. So the critic's mouth will be only shut by power, not by quotes. So let them pray. Hallelujah. But we have a promise on page 304. Wait till them seven thunders utter their voices to that group that could take the word. Hand it there. Oh, hallelujah. They could face and cut, not talk and talk. Fice and cut. Shut the heavens. Open the heavens. Do whatever you want to do. We want a revival today. We going to have it. That's what we talking about. Whatever you want to do. Old fashion, sin killing, demon chasing, Holy Ghost revival. Hallelujah. Oh glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give the Lord some praises, [Applause] people. You be seated. So, Brother Abraham came from 1963 to 65 with a seven seal, seven thunder prophecy message. Amen. He had three pulls. First pull, second pull. But the third pull was to catch that bride. Hallelujah. Other people got fed with the first two pull. But that third pull was the opening of the word which is every written and hidden mystery. He was to reveal every mystery. So no man can't come now and say revealing a mystery the prophet didn't reveal. That is foolishness. That not working with the bride. That could work with church members. who have eaten ears for new stuff, but that ain't working with the bride. That rugged gutsy bride who's standing on the words of Malachi 4. Every mystery has been revealed. Hallelujah. You know what you're called for. You're called to be a partaker of his divine nature. I always believe any man that got the key to unlock the pyramid, that's the key to the rapture. because he said this is the message that ties the man that's going to be redeemed. Hallelujah. That's the message. The perfect man message. How to get in the pyramid. Not how to get into church. You could walk upstairs here and sit here. That's easy. But that pyramid press, the kingdom of God is preached and every man press. Say press. Say it again. Say press. Every man got to press. Oh give the Lord a shout in [Applause] the be seated. The prophet say the hawk used to be brother to the eagle. He wants you to fly and soar but the hawk get so lazy. He'll sit on telephone pole waiting for cat and knock down rabbit and knock down dog and knock down this and knock down that. He once used to fly and hunt for his food. They're so lazy. The guy can make a prayer meeting. They're so lazy. They can't pass 10 minutes of prayer. They're lazy. That's the hulk. But the eagle is still a eagle. He does hunt. He does fly. He does rip. He just steer. He just go where he want to go. No ministers association stopping him. Oh, glory to God. I feel like flying this morning. Oh, glory to God. Lord, lift me up where I belong. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] These brothers that I met, they get pressure from their circle for coming among us and we getting blows for going by them. But who cares? As long as God get glory and honor, that's all I can and led by the spirit of God. I will go wherever the spirit lead me. I will go wherever. Six seal, no seal, half seal, quarter seal, Baptist, Methodist, if a Pentecostal church inviting, I'm going. I'll preach to the Pope. I'll preach to Obama. I'll preach anywhere, anytime. I'm standing on a rock, a rock of revelation. Paul is with me. I is with me. Columbus Luther. Oh, glory to God. [Applause] Glory to God. Amen. You may be seated. I'm not an ambassador of man. Ambassador of the throne. Hallelujah. Man didn't call me. Man didn't anoint me. They can't unanoint me. They got uncall me. They can't de minister me. They can't delist me. That's foolishness. Hallelujah. All who he found you, he called. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. There no man, there no song leader become pastor because the preacher fall you know. This is not that you know. This no deacon came pastor because the pastor backslide. This is not that you know. No no no. This is not that at all. Oh hallelujah. The devil is in trouble. He lost this battle. Brother, we know where we come from. We know where we going. We know God have a purpose for our lives. And that purpose for our life, the devil can upset, interrupt, it's got to be [Applause] fulfilled. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. So after brother Bham give his prophecy 6365 76 something under the prophecy cuz when he preached think Christ the mission of God revealed we thought the third pull was on he said look at the clock it's 2 p.m. Second pull finish. Third pull at hand because Christ was going to come to unveil the unveiling of the mighty God which is a hidden mystery where God will begin to unveil stuff. Who is Melzdc? Said that big mysteries the future home of the bride and groom. Said mysteries go start to reveal and unfold soon as God take the prophet off the scene. Confusion interpretation men stepping forward. Who say there's eight messenger, seven and a half messenger. Yeah. Amen. Hallelujah. Finish yet. He didn't finish Joshua commission. Sometime Joshua kind of idea. Hallelujah. So was commissioned to take us into the land. Yes. Isn't that right? Which is the Holy Ghost in word form. Amen. And he did. Yes. Amen. Isn't that right? So Joshua is the Holy Ghost that was veiling that prophet. Isn't that right? So Joshua, the Holy Ghost spoke spirit spoken words came out the prophet mouth and put it on books and tapes. Isn't that right? The land already divided on books and tapes. He said rapture in faith is laying in the messages. It is right there. All you have need of inside of there. It just wait for somebody to anoint them to pull it out. Pull it out. Pull it out. And that brings us to that little inspiration. Possessing your individual inheritance. You see, we like to know the group doing this and the church doing this. But look at Caleb. Caleb after they cross the land. Three things. Cross the land, conquer the land, and then divide the land. You must conquer the land. Amen. You can't have land and you're trying to plant and then the enemy pelting bone arrow at you. That that can't work. You have to conquer that. Isn't that right? So after they do the conquering, Caleb come up to Joshua. Joshua, you you know what Moses spoke concerning me and you? Yes. 40 years longer and half all them brothers die out. Hallelujah. I want you to know I asking for help. Amen. Because I just as strong as when I first started. You're not hearing me. You're not hearing me. I ain't asking for bishop prayer and elder prayer and deacon prayer. He said, "I'm just as strong. And if the Lord be with me, I'm not hearing it this morning." Oh, give the Lord a scream. Give the Lord a shout in the [Applause] house. I know some of you tired. Not physically, but mentally and emotionally and spiritually. I feel tired and where is a long journey. I mean, going along since 1975, looking for all these promises to become a reality. Amen. This is 40 plus years. Oh, but I'm just as strong as when I I first started off. My God. I started a long time ago, but I'm just as strong. Every place I put my foot. Every place I feel like stamping tonight. I feel like jumping. Every place I put my foot is I put my foot on signs and wonders. Put my foot in the power of God. Put my foot on miracles. Hallelujah. Every place you put your footage on. Maybe season notice. Hallelujah. What Caleb said, um Joshua, you think, excuse me, um you think I could get my mountain. You think looking around, oh gosh, I bet they say nothing because nobody asking for it. You don't know if the rest of them back. You you you don't know if them have no faith whatsoever because it take faith to take the sword. It take faith to make a claim. It take faith to climb up the mountain. All things that you're going to get is by faith. You can't sit and expect faith to come on your lap. You got to do something. He said, "Give me my mountain." No. No. Therefore, give me my mountain. He said, "Take it." Bible said he expelled the sons of Anoch. Oh, glory. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Caleb kicked them out. We got some expelling to do. My God, we transitioning, you know. We changing over from natural to supernatural. From normal to supernormal. Hallelujah. That's what signs and what will be normal to you. Praying for the sick is normal to you. You don't care what condition they're in. It doesn't matter. You didn't make the promise. God did. You are part of God. You are part of him. You are part of Elohim. Oh, glory to God. You are part of him. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. And Jesus said, "The same works I do. Shall you do also shall you do?" Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. He healed the sick. We healed the sick. He raised the dead. We raised the dead. He cast out devils. He cast out devils. He confront the Pharisees. He confront the Pharisees. Oh, glory to God. He overcome. He overcome. Same works he did, we going to do also. How many believe that? How many receive that? Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So, praise God. Question. Who divided the land in the upper room? Which one of the brethren, which one of the fellow ministers came down and said, "Brethren, you know I am the man. I am the one. I am coming to break that bread to you." Holy Ghost. Solomon. Jesus. Open the understanding of the scripture. Solomon Jesus. Amen. Breathe upon them. Receive you the Holy Ghost. Son of man, Jesus, he said, "Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you, but tar in the seat of Jerusalem until Joshua come from on high." We give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. So in that context, Jesus as Solomon was Moses ministry bringing him up to the promised land. He said, "If I don't go, comforter will not come. I am going. That spirit will come. I am going. That comforter will come. Oh, hallelujah. Said don't go Jesus. You have got to go because what you got can't take you through. You need power. Power in your life, power in prayer, power in your soul, power in your spirit, power in your [Applause] body. Do I hear shout in the house? Listen. [Applause] Listen. That Matthew 10 temporary power that Peter had when they come in know Peter draw sword and and take out manairs. Get courage to cut off a man ears. Peter doing sword play. Jesus had to take out the man ears and put it back on. Instant surgery. instant restoration of a man air who wasn't a believer or a saint. But Peter had no right taking off the man air and Jesus corrected it. Bam. Say God could instantly heal her air. What about your kidneys? What about diabetes? What about uritis? What about cancer? What about tumor? What about sickness in your I'm not hearing a good amen for that one. That one disease and more coming. You know you think you're finished with Zika is more coming say we are striving to enter the kingdom of God before these plagues strike. So the plagues are coming and sons of God coming and someday we going to confront plagues versus sons of God and they're going to back up cancer. They're going to push back to they're going to push back the plague sons of God. That's what the creation is growing [Applause] for. Hallelujah. The creation is not growing for more mysteries. more teachings, more unfoldings of revelations. [Applause] We had that for 50 years. But the creation is grown in four is the manifestation of the sons of God. When God's sons come and take back from the devil, what he took from us, that is what the creation is drowning for. Oh, hallelujah. We going back. We going back. We getting back. My God. I preached a message across the restitution of all things. And I was convinced after that message, God will restore all things. Because the Bible said, why say the scribe, Elias must first come and restore all things. Hallelujah. Amen. He said, Elas must first truly come and restore all things. All things must be restored. Jesus is up there whom the heaven must receive until the restitution of all things. Jesus had to stay up there until everything is restored. Perfect church, season church, Holy Ghost church, fil church, anointed church. God can't go back to the Jews until the Gentiles is baptized with fire. Them Jews have to wait. Those Jews have to wait. You not hearing what I'm saying? [Applause] Israel has got time peace but God have a bright peace among the Gentiles that have to be sealed with Christ. Amen. When God finished with this bride then he took across to the Jews. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. Brother Brandham in paradox. Hear what he's saying here. Amen. years ago when I seen the Bible come down. I got it wrote here. Come down and a hand came from heaven and pointed down to Joshua. Read the first nine verses and stopped there. That is Joshua when he near Jordan. God called him out and said, "This day I'll begin to magnify you before the people." Then he took the children across Jordan to the land and divided to them the promised land. Let's go a little further. Amen. Now you see what coming to the Jordan meant. We are down here now. All right. Let's cross over. Let's quit playing. Hallelujah. Let's cross the other side now cuz it all belongs to us. Amen. It's all ours. Them visions have never failed. They can't fail because they come from God. I believe it with all that is within me. We are not the Harland that will run back to the wilderness. We we will cross Jordan. Hallelujah. We will cross Jordan. We will cross Jordan. You want to hear a bigger amen than that? Your promise is not before Jordan. Your promise is across Jordan. Then hear the prophet, God, break to us the seals on the back of the book. Amen. Let us enter into this great place now for Joshua divided to the people the inheritance that God left for him. So he put the seven thunders which is on the back of the book as the land of promise to be divided he said we're going to cross take us back there that we could see our inheritance. So when the lamb took the broke the seventh seal, there was silence. The devil don't have a clue what's happening there. But seven thunder was banging. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. On the death is where your inheritance lay. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Now watch this land of promise. Yes. He said now one stage leaving Egypt, next stage wilderness, third stage Canaan. Now Canaan does not represent the age of the millennium. It represent the age of the overcomer. Amen. Because in Canaan they killed, burned, took cities. There be no debt in the millennium. Now what is the land of promise to the New Testament believer? The promise is the Holy Spirit. Amen. For it shall come to pass in the last days. Joel 2:28, I'll pour out my spirit. Isn't that right? Amen. That is the promise. The promise is the baptism of the spirit which is promised in all the old testament and new too. That is the promise. Here we go. The promised land is to live in this land of the holy spirit. So, so you could give up jealousy, envy, malice, strife. You could lay down anger. You could lay down lust. You could do it. God put that built inside of you. But you got to give up. You got to lay it down. Yeah. You got to want to be coached. I was telling somebody all those athletes have to be coached. You got yourself feeling feeling led to move. So you feeling led to not even reach the Olympics. That's right. Because you had to be able to take discipline. That's why disciple come from a disciplined one. Amen. One that could be corrected, instructed, directed, guided. Not a bullhead. Amen. No, no, no. Bullet spirit not of God. Hallelujah. Not arrogance. Arrogant spirit not of God. You guarantee arrogance not of God. Somebody humble willing because there's always more to learn. You can't say old because Eli was old. That's right. And he was blind to what his sons was doing. Isn't that right? And God raised up little Samuel to bring Samuel forward to bust the whole thing. God will use anybody, you know. Amen. Oh yes. He could find a young life and he going to use them. Praise God. So this promised land is the land of the Holy Spirit. That's God promised for the church is to live in the power of the spirit. It's another world. It's another land. You have to come out of the conditions you've been in to come out and live in this promised land to receive the promise. Remember that you shall receive promise from on high after the Holy Ghost has come upon you. Okay. From paradox we continue. Don't you see in shadows? Stop you a minute. There's got to be a place prepared for the word to be made manifest. Amen. And we are now living by the evidence of the new land. Amen. The son of man. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. So in other words, Malachi 4, that Elijah prophet could only open six seals. Christ, the son of man is the seventh seal. But you see, you see if brother Brandham and Christ, if there was a different man, a physical to say, well, this is Christ here, it might have be easier. But you see, he veiled the son of man. He was a son of man revealing the son of son of man. So he said we are living now by the evidence of the new land. The son of man. We are still living by the evidence. [Applause] The son of man was the evidence of the new land. Every mystery being revealed, we are living by it. Every promise being spoken, we are living by it. every promise being spoken and by these promises these precious revealed promises not just promises but revealed. Oh hallelujah. Every mystery has been revealed. Oh glory. Now we can be partakers of his divine nature. Oh glory to God. So now I believe it's time to take the land. Yes sir. Not just say his promises. It revealed this land is my land and that's land. No, no, no. Like like Caleb right now. There's Hebron. Hebron, you have to possess it now. You have to get aggressive. Hallelujah. You have to get militant and aggressive to possess your land, not to fight other brethren. That's foolishness. That them can't take your land. They taking away your time. They taking away your thoughts and your mind. So you don't go in a church war. Forget that. That that will take up too much of your time. You want land war. [Applause] Your battle is with your Philistines. You're battling with your personal demons. Come on, give the Lord a shout in the house. I'm about to get started. I'm a feeling I'm about to get started. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're battling with this brother and this sister and this one and that one. If your battle is that, you in trouble cuz you in flesh, flesh, and blood. You don't like me. She don't shake my hand. This one say this, this one do that. This one do that. And you in a natural battle. And when the devil see that, he say, "Good, good. Keep it. Keep it up. Keep it up. I'm supporting you in that. Keep it. Keep it going. This one fighting this one. This one training with this one. And javelin belt in here. David duck in here. David still come. Still deep with the javelin throw. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Oh, you talking about a Christian spirit. You have to have it. Come on now. Come on now. I want to hear bigger. Amen. Glory. Glory. From world fall apart. God is obligated to meet you on the basis of them promises. Outside of them promises. He can't meet you because you don't cut yourself off from him. God is obligated to meet you on the basis of them promises. So when you see them brothers start to pray the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob who promised to bring us out and you said thy seed shall possess the G. Let them start to praise to heaven the shake because they cannot be [Applause] denied. Your blessings could be delayed but they cannot be denied. [Applause] Give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] I read that one again. God is obligated to meet you on the basis of them promises outside them promises he can't meet you because you don't cut yourself off. Isn't that right? So therefore until you speak it only when you speak it become a promise. If it just leave right there it's just a thought of God. But when it's spoken, it's the word of God. Isn't that right? As long as it's not spoken is a thought. So you want to be healed and you see say nothing but you want to be healed. You ain't claiming nothing. You are to say I'm going to be healed by the fact I was healed. Healing his mind. Now the devil in trouble cuz your face had to light up and your face had to roll back the sickness. The tumors had to try to shrink. The virus had to shrink in your body because you have to claim the anointing. Hallelujah. Praise God. Do you understand what we're talking about? A woman came up on the platform with no eyes. No eyes in a socket. Amen. Came up. All right. And Baron spoke for the eyes and a light come and begin to create the eyes amidst the middle of creation. He said, "I forget to ask you what color you wanted." What color you wanted? Oh, glory. Yeah, blue is a nice color. She hard. That's the God we talking about. He create new kidneys, pancreas, new womb, new jawbone, new backbone. Hallelujah. A new heart, new spirit. Come on. Yes. Yes. You could change. But you have to want to change. You have to see the need to change. [Applause] Oh hallelujah. So Jesus had to speak his words to the disciples. He had to give them a promise not many days hence. He had to tell them you shall receive power from on high. He had to unlock Joel 2:28. Amen. It shall come to pass, I'll pour my spirit. He had to unlock Isaiah 28 with stammer and another tongue. He had unlock the scriptures, the Old Testament to them. Isn't that right? And give them a positive vibes and a quickening to go in the upper room. Hallelujah. It wasn't easy. They were under pressure. Amen. They went up there and feared the Jews. They shut the doors. It wasn't easy waiting on a promise of God, but it was a promise of God. Man didn't make the promise. God made the promise. And if God made it, we could wait for it. If God made it, we could wait on it. I will wait till my change come. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the [Applause] house. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So then they received the word first. My God. Then the spirit came. All right. And the son of man come. Yes. Seven seal took the written word. Took the promises of God. And these divine promises that ministers don't want to preach because they find it boring. They find it doesn't tell the story they want to tell. But these are spirit-given words. Yes. That's why the prophecy say what the tape say because them tapes have something in it. It's not he that say it. It's God that say it. The spirit the scripture is God breathed. Holy men moved by God. Man shall not by bread alone but by every word that proceed out of the mouth of God. And the mouth of God is his prophets. So when William Brandham spoke that was the mouth of God speaking spirit spoken word. Are you hearing what I'm saying? Therefore, the word has to come inside of you. That's what the minister was supposed to do. The secret is the word is in the bread. Oh, give the Lord a [Applause] shout. See, that's why that's why you could never understand how Jesus could find way to find this woman of the world. time find time to find out this woman and and go to look for this woman and wait for this woman. Oh, because got something inside of her that she doesn't know inside of her. She have a secret she doesn't even know. People seeing her flesh and her spirit and behavior and all that, but she has something deep on the inside that he want to unlock. He want to unravel and he did it and she went free. Oh God, let's God unlock you today. How many want to be unlocked? God unlock you. Whatever hinding you, whatever complex, whatever issues in your system, People are so much complex. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. I'm too tall. I too thin. I too fat. I too this p and my mother. I didn't have a good education and I can't write and I can't read and I can't speak and I I'm afraid and I'm too timid and this and that. Forget all of that. You are sons and daughters of God. God call you. God going to fix you just right. God going to rearrange your life. You don't have to be like nobody else. You want to be authentic. You want to be original you. God love you as you are. Would they like you to be somebody else? God love you. That's why he called you. He chose you. He said, "You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you. I have ordained you to bring forth fruit. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, how could God send dynamics on me in 1975 when I wasn't even married yet? And my sons locked up inside of me. They are seeds of God. They have to comfort in their season. Amen. So if I say Lord, Lord, rapture me now. Go to Gideon Andrea. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Now, [Applause] Danielle, I I had to wait even more. I had to pray more. Oh my. Every name on that book going to be expressed. Hallelujah. Hear the shaka. All the ages are already taken up. The life already suck up its people. We can't go back. Ahead is tribulation or rapture. [Applause] Could I have a bigger amen than that? You could keep all the car, all the land, all the money. You could buy plane, hotel, spacecraft. Airship. You can go out of space and wait for a while. You're still coming now. Heaven going to burn with a fervent heat. All the atmosphere going to burn. Fire, fire, fire. Oh, glory to God. But there's going to be a rapture. We shall not all sleep, but we shall be changed. In a moment, in the twinkle of an eye, at the last trumpet, the trumpet of the Lord shall [Applause] sound. Oh, and this mortal will put on immortality. Oh, and this corruption going to put on [Applause] interruption. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give the Lord a shout. We are getting out of here. [Applause] So the same prophet this Malachi 4 prophet prophesy the ministry of the spirit. Amen. To come to quicken the word to you. Amen. Because he said intellectually we hear in the message he knew all things of of in prophecy. He prophesied intellectually where you're hearing the message but it has to come tender and bay down in your heart. It has to come up head to heart where the message start of ooze inside of you because that invisible God want to become visible. This is what it's all about. Isn't that right? So therefore this capstone spirit have to come to a capstone word. So God put that word inside of you. Isn't that right? So Malachi come to restore back the faith. The virtue the knowledge that he come to resto back all them virtues. That is what the holy church had. They had seven virtues that was thundering out that the devil couldn't handle. People were healed Peter's shadow because the image of God was standing in Peter. Oh hallelujah. When you come under Peter's shadow, he was healed. The power was so much in Paul. That when they touch clo garments was anointed. That when they take that the people were healed. Everything you touch whatever you touch your hands anointed. Your foot anointed the words anointed. anointed with God. [Applause] Brother, he say if God give a duck, come on, enough sense to know how to dodge the coldness, how ought he have to give the church. If a duck can do that by instinct, what about the Holy Ghost in the church? It ought to bring us out of old formalities and creeds into a glorious, wonderful baptism of the Holy Ghost. It brings virtue, it brings knowledge, it brings patience, it brings godliness and the Holy Spirit and that was under the guide. So what the pre was saying from 1966, this guide of the Holy Ghost was supposed to lead the church into virtue and knowledge and temperance and patience. Whatever you preach, whatever you teach, it's supposed to bring you to godliness, to brotherly kindness, to charity that you could be a partaker of his divine nature. This thing going to live. It have to live. I want it. I want it to live in me. I want it to live through me. My wife have to see it. My children have to see it. You have to see it. I've got to see it. Others have to see it. The critics have to see it. The liars, they going to see it, too. The haters, they got to see it. Hallelujah. Everybody going to see it. It will speak for itself. But a Bible say he will let it be made known among men. You can't even hide it. The pillar of fire will hang over you and say, "Look here. This is my beloved son. Look another one here. You can't hide. Look at daughter of mine's here. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You can't hide. He's going to identify you." Oh, I'm not ashamed of the son of man. Know his words. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. So, the dynamics descended as a shout in word form. My words are spirit and life. That's the secret. Amen. You know why the foolish virgins can't get the oil? They don't have the word in them. Because your oil is the word turned to spirit. Could you imagine you filled with oil right now in word form? Could you imagine you have a pyramid in you now in mechanic form and you walking with the rapture? Rapture is already inside of you. When people looking for thing outside here, low here, go here, go here. Here have the angel here to have the angel. Here is this and here is that. Jesus say, "Forget about it." The kingdom is within you. You've got to know where the kingdom is at. Come on, preach back to me, somebody. Oh, glory to God. That divine nature, faith, a power, virtue of power, knowledge. These are not natural things. It's not natural patience. It's not is the patience of Jesus Christ. It's the temperance of Jesus Christ. It's the faith of Jesus Christ. Are we preaching the word this morning? Amenise from such a perfect man Peter said because you have escaped the corruption that is the world through lust for money lust for big time lust for pleasure all right everything your eyes see you want somebody see something new and your eyes go your eye go twice the size cuz you wanted two small advice Live below your means. You don't hear that, right? You don't ever hear that. That's my moto. Okay. Simon Peter, a servant and a person of Jesus Christ. He read my script of grace multiplied to you and so whereby I give him exceeding great oh God and precious promises. Some people like gold. Some people like gold their eyes just blink. Gold, gold chain, gold ring, gold this, gold this, gold this. Some people like cars, every car. Some people like dress. Some like shoes. Shoes is flip them. If they give a chance, they have a thousand shoes. Have all kind of people like handbags. Sister side. On the brother's side. Some people like ties. I go there. But whatever it is, don't let that throw you off. [Music] Lust for money. There we go. Lust for big things. Amen. Lust for popularity. These things are dead to the believer. [Applause] How God can test a debt to you? He got to present it to you. Amen. So, so let the amen come. Amen. Amen. You got a big bag of money, but to break your principles, God see say, "Well, okay. Put put behind me first." No, you have to stand for the word. You have to stand for the what's right. You have to stand for what's principle. Because you see, it's not man you're looking to please. It's God's approval you're looking for. You need him when you have to pray for your children. Amen. You need him. When you're pay for a blessed husband, you need him. [Music] When you need your prayer answered, you need him. When you're on your sick bed, you need him. [Music] Listen to this. Lust for money, lust for big things, lust for popularity. These things are dead to the believer. We don't care. Tent or cottage, why should I care? Live or die, sink or drunk, tentage or cottage. Amen. Light on that one. You will take the cottage. You don't want to live in a tent. Place it into cottage. Small house, big house, square house, wrong house, in the attic. It doesn't matter. Does not really matter. Hallelujah. That remind about the old grandfather and the young son and daughter and thing and they playing cards and whatnot and they say you know what we will give him a jography book Bible always rejoicing reading the Bible and shouting and bing hallelujah they say they give him a geography book put him in the attic to keep him quiet you have no Bible around him at all and they party going on all the hallelujah glory father said they carry on praise the lord hallelujah when they check out the papa said what what happened is that joy He said, "I was reading the geography book and I realized they have a place in the sea. They have no bottom. And when I remember my sins going to the bottomless, I couldn't help but shout." When you have God in you, you will see God everywhere. [Applause] [Applause] Why should I care? Live or die. Sink or drown? This is the thing I'm interested in, the kingdom of God. Whether I maintain my home, whether I maintain my family, whether I maintain whatever it is, let me maintain Christ. So you can maintain your lawn in front of your house. That's good. I salute you. But pray this prayer. Make sure you maintain Christ. Your flowers perfect, the broom perfect, and this perfect, and that perfect, but make sure you maintain Christ. At the end of the day, it's Christ you would need. Feel like running through a troop this morning. Oh, glory to God. I catch him. Satan is trapped. Catch him. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory. Woo. Oh, glory to God. So, think about being purged. Yes. Yes. being tried, being tuned and and so on like that until the devil there's no nothing there's no there's nothing could you can't respond to his offers oh hallelujah a man he got touch oh hal oh glory to God then bum said build me up oh Lord into this let Christ be my head not some man in America be my head not some message pope, not some bishop. What you looking for? Let Christ this all our prayer. Amen. Amen. Let Christ be my head working through me on my foundation, my faith that's in him. Let virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness work in me. Oh Lord is my prayer. I don't care live or die, sink or drunk, denomination or no denomination, friend or no friend. Let that work in me. Let Christ virtue, his knowledge flow out that I that's for the ministry might be able to teach. So we could only effectively teach with power and knowledge because knowledge is given to the minister to feed the people and God have to put power in it. That power could come into you. Amen. With the knowledge of the son of God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. For God has set in the church. Set. God has. Yes. Yes. Not convention. And ministers say you are fivefold. You're not any fold and holy fold. All right. No. God has set in the church. Apostles and prophets and teachers, evangelists for what? For the perfecting and bringing all these virtues into it. That's the purpose of the ministry. God had put the pastors and teachers for the pastor's glorification. for the pastor to be lift up on high and say, "Oh, our lovely pastor." That's not the purpose of that. God's purpose, is for the virtues to come into you. God's purpose is for you to get a revelation that you have to be a partaker of his divine nature. And Peter identified by these promises. [Applause] [Music] These promise are precious. Just some people Amen. Ain't it so long? Yes. Afterwards, it get about a man in the sea and the man talking about a man is seeing God in the sea. A man tell him, "I don't see no God." I here for how much years I only seen is water, salt, man. Grumpy. He did so long. He seen the sunset. He see the beauty of nature. He seen sea and salt and water. And he makes him angry. He need God in him. Yes. When you have God in you, you see nature. You You see the beauty of the Amen. the birds flying. You You feel good. You see the birds flying and they they're flying free. They have a conference. Should I fly? So permission please to fly sole. The birds free. God want his children free. Free to serve him. Free to worship. Nothing must bind you. Must must hinder you. Oh, glory to God. Notice, notice all those people in the Bible that got the preach were radicals. You know, one more the blood. So, she was a radical person. She say, "If I could just touch, she just give yourself a promise." If I could just touch the hem of his garment, I'll be made whole. Hallelujah. She bleeding, bleeding. If I could just touch the hem of she if I could touch hem of his garment, I'll be made whole. She told herself that and come to see Jesus surrounded by all these different people. I'll be serious. She belt your handbag under the leg and see that I want her handbag and she push and she press and she she was just trying to get to Jesus. Hallelujah. You can't fault her for belting her handbag. That's my handbag there. Excuse me. Excuse me. I have to get my handbag. Whatever she did, she had to get to it. Once she get to Jesus, she touches. Who touched me? Who touched my clothes? [Applause] I said, "I felt a power come out of me. I felt virtue come out of me. I felt power. I felt virtue. I felt power. I felt virtue. He had it in him. That was resident power. That was permanent power. That was dynamic power. That was a dynamo inside of him. They couldn't turn it off and they couldn't turn it out. Oh, help me Jesus. Help me. Preach somebody. Help me. Preach somebody. They couldn't turn it off and they couldn't turn it out. And when God put that power inside of you, Jesus said it this way, he that believeth on me, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. Oh, you're not hearing me this morning. My God, I I feel a revival in the camp. I feel the Holy Spirit in the building this morning. Oh, glory to God. He that believeth on me, out of his belly shall rivers is artisian well. It keep bubbling up, bubbling up and bubbling up in your soul. This is Holy Ghost time. This is revival time. This is demon chasing time. This is possessing your mountain time. This is you giving your individual inheritance. You pressing towards the mark of the high calling. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Escape the corruption. You escape the tattoos. You escape all them brain and all them praise God them makeup. Hallelujah. Escape hell. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You escape the ministr, the hot pants, the tight shorts, the mini dress. You escape all of that. They no fight no more. You overcome them. Oh, hallelujah. [Applause] You may be seated. Hallelujah. My Jesus. Praise God. My Lord, there are so many different types, different ways they claim to Christ Jesus. They said if you join the church, some say if you believe, some say one thing another, some take it by baptism, some take it by fellowship. But 1 Corinthians 12 say by one spirit. We're all baptized into one body. Amen. Which is the body of Christ, the body of believers by what? Not by one handshake, not by one mode of baptism, not by one feeling, but by one spirit. Not by one teaching. And if you don't believe my teaching, you're out of it. You don't believe what I out of it. That's foolishness. Keep your teaching. Keep what you believe. Oh, hallelujah. The church of God is free, not by teachings. It's more than that. It's by one spirit. You are baptized into the body. So if you are baptized into the body and you meet somebody from China baptized into the body, that's your brother. You don't have to ask the Chinese brother, oh you believe tick, you believe that tick, you believe that tick and you have a list of ticks. And when you finish to take off the tick, that's a brother. Let me shake your hand. Put away that paper. If you don't have discernment, that is a brother. you in trouble because you have to have discernment. When the brother came up on the platform, Baram says, "You're not sick. You're a Christian. I feel that spirit vibration off of you. You here for revival. You a minister of the gospel." How many here want a revival? Oh, glory to God. Brother Brandham said in 5 minutes I could tell you somebody's a Christian. Give [Music] me how much doctrine will talk in 5 minutes. Hallelujah. He was bruised, tore open beside Roman spear. In order, yes, by the Holy Spirit, we could be baptized into his body and become partakers of his divine nature. You get it? Then you become a partaker after coming into his body. A partaker of his divine nature. Christ nature in you. Hallelujah. How can you cheat, steal, lie, backslide, proite and everything else with divine nature of Christ in you, it's impossible. That's why he said after you add these things, charity have to seal it because things will leak out. Virtue leaking out, knowledge leaking out, this leaking out, but virtue the bund of perfectness like Elmo's glue. [Applause] When it glue everything down, then you are sealed unit of the Lord God and you are sealed until the day of your redemption. Tell can't touch. He can only watch but he can't touch a sealed unit of the Lord God. Then you see vindicated sons, vindicated daughters with a living faith, living virtue, living knowledge, living temperance, living in patience, living in godliness, living in brotherly kindness. I ministers explain brotherly kindness and they have no life on kindness at all. It's just a teaching kind put in a place on the matter. But they not put matter. All right. That's what they say. All right. Cuz that's what the word say. All right. So you say it too. The honey sticks. That's a phrase. The honey had a stick. You had to go like somebody get sticky with. Amen. Amen. Every any honey stick and you staying far. Where you sticking to? Hallelujah. What kind of honey? That that private honey. Oh, hallelujah. It look like it won't stick, but the honey I feeling sticky this morning. [Applause] The honey sticks. Oh my. You got Holy Holy Ghost. You got Holy Holy Ghost, but you can hold brotherly kindness. Yeah, you can forgive your brother. You can forgive your sister. You could let things go. You can or you can mine it. You know, you can mine your and even get a bonnet for it and put it on your head. You can even feed your and say you really mean it. And you keeping it, you know, then your os are to grow. They can't get bigger than you, you know. But when you see it the need for charity, when you begin to see you need perfect love to get out of there, then you could understand when Jesus said when he said when you stand praying for charity for the love of God, for this third power for spirit, for dynamics, drop your if you have it against any. The our father prayer. Forgive us as we forgive those that trespass against us. And faith is based on forgiveness. Forgiveness. So how could they have real faith when there is no real forgiveness? Forgiveness means not that the person do it, but you drop it. And you could hug your brother and hug your sister. You can't hug them over the phone. You know, you can hug them over WhatsApp, you know, and send a hug. I don't know if I have that. I don't have that them little icon thing. Wait, what you call it? Emoji. I don't have a hugging emoji. And they send it across and say I I love you. That can't work. You know, love have to show it. You know, God didn't send an emoji. When he wanted to send out the world, you know them rascal down there going send an emoji for them. God so loved the world, he sent an emoji. No, he didn't do that. God so love the world, he sent his only begotten son. He come down and handle me a little baby name Jesus. Hallelujah. Grow up to pay the price of our redemption. Pay the price that we get partakers of his divine nature. Okay. So watch. If you be a partaker of Christ, then you become a new creature. Old things have passed away. All things become new. All your warings and fussings and stewings and arguings and tempers. All these things pass away. You see it. What is the fruit of the spirit? We have planted it on church membership upon shouting demonstration. But the fruit of the spirit is love. Love who? That is when you love those who unlovable. The fruit of the spirit is love. You love your family. You love your friends. You love them who love you. Bring cake for you. Who bring something nice for you. Them is the easiest one to love. Got to bring a chocolate for you and you bring back a chocolate for them. I love you. You love me. But that's not the love we talking about here. You know, this love is the love of the unlovable. When you're looking to test your love, you're looking for opportunity to release this love inside of you. When you when you let it out, then you get opportunity, you get enemy. And God seen how you enjoy and come out. Oh, how I love Jesus. And Jesus said, look, look. Glory. How you going to love me and you can't love him? You have to love one another because you are my disciples. All men will know that when that love begin to flow. So you have to have an interest in being active and pursuing after love. Pursuing after kindness. Somebody answering wrath and anger. You could answer them back in anger. You can. But you choose to defer that and answer back in kindness and deflate the the whatever they have the big airbag of anger. Put the pin and but when that when that airbag of anger come up and you start to bring your airbag then they and there's a big set of bag blowing up next the neighbor here and and and peace peace pipe had to come between you. You don't need all of that. You just need to apply virtue and knowledge and wisdom. I call the Bible said brothers to dwell with your wife with wisdom. It's quiet in here, boys. Am I good? Sometime wisdom is a distant thing, you know. And the Bible said, let me just tip tip you off. He have lack wisdom. Ask God. So sometime you're short on it. Ask God. But don't ask a wavering. Ask in faith believing. Hallelujah. That God want to give you that wisdom. Isn't that right? The fruit of the spirit is love. When you love those unlovable, that's the spirit of Christ. Wow. Love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience, there's the fruit of the spirit. So no matter what the church you belong to, what you have done, you can't say, "Brother Brandham, I tell you I do this, I do that." Yet I I know that that I've got it because I can pray for the sick and they can be healed. Brother Brandham, God just revealed the word to me like this and that and the other. I have a knowledge of the word. You're wrong. I heal the sick. I speak with tongues. I do these things. I cast out devils. Hallelujah. Isn't that what he said? But said it right in the word. Listen to his reply to that. Jesus said, "Many will come to me in that day with the same story." Lord, I haven't I cast out devils in your name. Haven't I prophesied in your name? He said, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I don't even know you." That kind of changes the picture, doesn't it, brother? You say, "But Abraham, I know a man." He does this. Don't never look at a man by what he can do in signs of works. That is where he is nothing. He might heal the sick. He might have gift of prophecy. He might understand all knowledge. Paul said, "Though I speak with tongs of men and angels, though I understand all mysteries, I have faith to mountains, but have not charity, I am nothing. I can understand the mysteries of God. Though I have prophecy and can prophesy in the tongues of men. All those things I am nothing except first God who loves, lives in my heart and brings forth the fruits of the spirit. In other words, the divine nature have to come out. It have to be expressed. Isn't that right? Prophesying is good. Speaking in tongues is right. Interpretation is right. But that's not the fruit of the spirit. That's the gift of the spirit. Oh, praise God. Be careful. The fruit of the spirit is love. What is God? Love. If you can't love your enemy, no matter what he says about you, no matter what what he says about you. I want to say it again. No matter what he says about you, your neighbor, no matter what he says about you, praise God. Hallelujah. If from your heart, Isn't that beautiful? Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory Phil here. Amen. Amen. Dead and don't know it. If from your heart, not with your lips now, not with your knowledge that you should be doing it as a Christian. Hallelujah. But something in your heart makes you love them anyway, regardless of what you say, it's time to come to the altar again. I hate to say that. It hurt me to know there are people right here that that that living with me. I said this morning, if I was hungry, maybe you're living out there a few biscuit, but but I don't do it to be indifferent. I do it because it's the truth. And watch and you loving me and me knowing that what's the truth and seeing a danger line and don't warn you of it, I become a false shepherd and not a real sheeperd of Christ. I think I'm going to wrap up here actually. Let me see. Okay, I now reach half the message actually. So if we go for the next half, it will take a next next two hours. You have 21 pages now reach page 10. But listen to this part. I'll close. I think I'll close with this. Yeah. And then we watch a little bit. Listen to this prayer. Dear Jesus, our man from the presence of the Lord. Help us tonight now in these few words as we wait upon thee. And we pray that your grace and mercy will be with us. Lord, tend our hearts. Move back all the shocks, the thorns, the tissles. Let the blessed sunshine of God fall in upon the word Lord. And may we have such a great meeting till there'll not be an unsafe person among us. All the children will be in the kingdom of God. Those who know the baptism of the spirit may receive it. Father, may all here we go. May all the great mysteries that we are supposed to know at this age, Lord, be unveiled to us that we might see the plainness of God so that we will know how to behave ourselves and act correcting ourselves and bringing the members of our body into discipline to the word. Amen. That we might know how to live in this present day at the approaching of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Come on, please. Amen. Listen, he is saying that the mysteries to be unveiled to us purpose to see the plainness of God. What for? That we might know how to behave ourselves and act correcting ourselves and bringing the members of our body into the discipline of his word. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So brother Bham spoke original seed. Now let us stand like Joshua and Caleb as this is going to have a spiritual background. Let us stand as Joshua and Caleb as we see the promised land coming in sight. It's nearing the time to be given Joshua in Hebrew means savior and represent listen the promised end time leader. Hallelujah. To take the church over. Caleb represent the true believer. Amen. Joshua represent who? The end time leader to take the church over. Who's the end time leader? The Holy Ghost that was in that prophet. He's the end time leader. He has crossed us over into the land by promise, by prophecy. He released the word for us to take. And now God is about to release the spirit. Hallelujah. Caleb represent the true believer who stayed with Joshua, who stayed with the message, who stayed with the prophetic utterance, who stayed with all what the prophet said. Amen. Caleb represent the true believer who stayed with Joshua, the Holy Ghost spirit spoken word that was spoken through that prophet. Now watch, God did not move Israel until his own appointed time. Now listen, this is going to mean something. Joshua waited for that time. No matter how much people might have said, God, give us the land, the promise. Let's go and take it. They might have said, Joshua, you lost your commission. You're washed up. Why are you not going to do something? You used to know thus said the Lord in a moment. That was the will of God. But this wise, God-son prophet knew the promise of God, but also knew to wait for that promise. A clear-cut decision from God for his time. God give it to Joshua, who had stayed with him by the word. For he could not trust others, he could trust Joshua. So will it repeat. So now he said, we press into opposition to a promise of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. For Peter said, "This promise unto you, and as many as our Lord our God shall call." Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise be to Jesus. Amen. I will close, brother Anthony. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise God. So what are we waiting for? We are waiting for manifestation of Ephesians. Hallelujah. Because Ephesians is the promised land that God promised. The back of the book bring releases another Ephesians. Ephesians is where you will get your inheritance. Ephesians is where husband love their wives, children and obey their parents. Ephesians is where you are sealed under their redemption. Ephesians is where your predestinant adoption. Ephesians have all these promises in it. Ephesians have a five-fold ministry. So Ephesians is what we're waiting for. And in Ephesians individual is going to say give me my mountain. Oh my. Hallelujah. You're coming into your own position. You're coming into your own sunship. Let's all stand and begin to worship the Lord. Father, we thank you for your presence. Lord, we thank you for your spirit today upon your word. God, unveil the mysteries to the people that they could see the plainness of God, the word that they have to press their way into faith and virtue and knowledge and temperance. God, the word is lighting up this divine nature that must be expressed. The word becoming flesh in our hearts and our lives. Bless them we pray. We commit their lives today. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. Live in me. Live in me. Here's my heart. Let it be. Consecrate Lord to thee. Take my life Lord and live in me. Oh living is my [Music] life to thee. Take my life alone and live in me. Oh hallelujah. I am free. Christ has gi the seven is the king. Oh hallelujah. Oh Christ in me and sing me. Here's my heart. Here's my heart. [Music] consecutive. [Music] [Laughter] [Laughter] [Music] Lord to thee. Take my life. Oh, give the Lord some praises this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, let me Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Oh. in my heart. In my heart, oh Lord, I want to be a Christian in my heart. Lord, I want to be more holy. Oh Lord, I want to be more holy in my heart. Oh Lord, I want to be your home in my heart, in my heart. My heart lord I want you to be holy in my heart. Oh give him praise this evening. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be your holy name. Oh hallelujah. You appreciate the message today. You appreciate the pastor. Amen. God bless you. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Amen and amen. Why don't you turn around and get your brother turn your sister this morning. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We make you for he's the light of the world when he shines his light upon us. As the brothers get ready to they want to bring the ty offering now and we take it up. He's the light of the world. Oh, and he shines his light upon us. He removes the powers of darkness. He's the light of the world. I know Jesus is the light of the world. Amen. Let's bow our hands. Heavenly Father, we bring the ties off before you. We pray to bless it as about to be picked up. Lord, bless the uh believers as they give. Lord, father, provide for them in Jesus name we pray and ask it. Amen. And amen. Removes the powers of darkness. He's the light of the world. And I know Jesus is the light of the world. Oh, he's the light. Well, he's the light of the world. Oh, and he shines his light upon us. He removes the powers of darkness. He's the light of the world. Oh, I know Jesus is the light. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, he's the light. He's the light. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. of the world. Oh, and he shines his light upon us. He removes the powers of darkness. He's the light of the world. Oh, I know Jesus is the light of Oh, one more time. Well, he's the light. Well, he's the light. all of the world. Oh, and he shines his light upon us and he removes the powers of darkness. He's the light of the world. Oh, I know Jesus is the light of the world. I know Jesus is the light. I know Jesus is the light of the world. Oh, one more time. Oh, I know Jesus is the light of the world. Amen. Give him a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, do you know who you are today? Do you know where you come from? Do you know where you're going? What land you have to possess? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. What a message today. You appreciate the Lord. You appreciate the word. You appreciate the light. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we are walking in that light today. Amen and amen and amen. Give me for one more song as we get ready to close out. Amen. I know that Jesus is coming in the morning and I know that Jesus is coming back for me. Is that your testimony today? Hallelujah. I know that Jesus is coming in the morning. I know that Jesus is coming back for me. Well, I know. I know. I know. Well, he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming back for me. Well, I know that Jesus is coming. Well, and I know that Jesus is coming back. Oh, well, I know. I know. I know. Oh, he's coming in the morning. I know. I know. I know where he's coming. Oh, I know that Jesus is coming. He's coming back for me. I know. I know. I know. He's coming in the morning. I know, I know, I know he's coming back for the last time. I know that Jesus is coming. I know that Jesus is. I know. I know. I know. He's coming in. I know. I know. I know. He's coming back for me. Hallelujah. You appreciate the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads for a word of prayer to close out. Heavenly Father, how we thank you for your word this morning, Lord, and for your grace and your love to us, Lord. And Lord, by these promises, we could be partakers of your divine nature, Lord. Lord, may this word that we heard this morning find resting place in our souls. And Lord, may it burn within us every day of this week. Father, as we Lord, strive to get placed before these terrible plague strike. Lord, may you anoint each one. May you bless those that would hear this tape. May you bless those that were connected on the internet. May you grant traveling mercies to your people, Father. Father, May, Lord God, as we leave this place, may we Lord God, Father, have the presence, Lord, go with us, Lord. Father, may you bless each one in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And we want to remember, Lord, our past in a special way that you would touch him in his body, Lord, and from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet, may the angel of the Lord cover him. May you be with him and bless each one in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, amen. You may be seated for a few announcements. Amen. We do have another visitor this morning, uh, Paula Bernard. May the Lord bless you. God bless you. Welcome to Headstone Tabernacle with her children. Invited by brother Jason and Crystal Rashkuma. So for announcements, service continues this Tuesday. We'll be in Maraval at 7:30 p.m. So for those in the West, we encourage you to make every effort uh to be there. And even if you're not from the West, you're certainly welcome to join us in Maraval uh this coming Tuesday at 7:30. Service continues on Thursday at 7:30 here at the tabernacle as well. And of course this coming Sunday, beyond great expectation. maintainance team five, please meet with brother Mike Blackman after service. Uh there'll also be a choir practice after service. And at this time, I'd like to call our youth leader, brother Steven Kangali, uh to make some announcements specific uh for the young people and for Friday along with brother Adrian. So you appreciate brother Steven Kangali. [Applause] Good evening everyone. So is everyone feeling fine? Amen. Amen. And all God's people say amen. Amen. Great. All right. So like Isaac uh mentioned, I'm here to make some announcements concerning uh some activities that we have planned for the young people. uh from this month August, September and in December as well. And I want to start with the back to school line on Friday the 26th of August. Yes, that's this Friday, Friday 26th August from 6:00 p.m. till All right. So, the activities are catered between the persons of the ages of 12 to 40. However, if you do not belong to that age group, you are still more than welcome. All right. Brother Andrew and Candace and sister Candace OID has graciously opened their home for us to host the event and they are located on the Arma Old Road at Morans's Lane. All right, so just to give a brief idea of how to get there, if you enter the Clever Road from the Eastern Main Road side, you drive all the way to the end and at the end you make a left and it's the third street on your right after that. All right. So, through the Clever Road from the eastern main road side, drive all the way to the end. You make your left and then the third street on your right. That's Morans's Lane. Feel free to speak with myself, Brother Adrian, and Brother Andrew if you need further information concerning directions, transportations, and so on. Um, the cost is still $20 per person. Please make your payment. Those of you who have already given your names, you could uh see Sister Misala Thompson downstairs in the auditorium to make your contribution of $20 per person. And I urge you to make your payments today because at the door you pay more. All right. So $20 today on the day you're free to pay as well, but we're going to put it $25. All right. I thought I was joking. Um, so yeah, just to recap, Friday 26, which is this Friday at from 6:00 p.m. uh till at brother Andrews and Sister Candace home, which is on the Arma Old Road, Morans's Lane. Cost $20 per person, please make your payments today. If you haven't already given your name, you could do so uh today as well. On the day, you're free to pay, but it's going to cost you $25. So, the night is going to be packed with fun. All right, we're full of events. It's going to be a great night. Uh, it's going to it's a it's a night of food, fun, and fellowship. So, get ready to board the FF. All right, we sailing from 6:00 p.m. sharp. So, we need to see you guys there. So, that's concerning this Friday on September the 24th. We want you all to mark it down on your calendar as well. All right. uh we're going to meet again and discuss uh what we but we want to um have that day as tentative September the 24th 2016 please you know mark it down in the calendar save it for us we're going to have something there more details will follow from next week Sunday onwards and this is the big one on December Saturday December the 10th or 17th still want to confirm between those two days we're going to have our youth dinner. All right. It's going to be a grand gala dinner and awards ceremony. This is going to be really, really good. All right. We want to uh do some things like honoring some of the young people amongst us. Who knows? You your name might just be on that list. All right. So, I'm just saying it's going to be a black and white affair. So, it's real serious thing. It's a black and white affair. We're going to have things like live entertainment and much much more. All right. So, I'm telling you from now, so you can't tell me I didn't had enough time to prepare, right ladies? And if you want to start going by the the seamress, organize yourself, gents, might want to get our talks, freshen up. It's going to be a black and white event. It's going to be really, really good. So, looking forward to those dates. September 24th and then on December the 10th or 17th we will confirm again later on the youth dinner a grand gala of dinner and awards ceremony again it's a black and white affair so come looking fresh all right and details will follow as you know from next week Sunday onwards all right so thank you again for your time you know if we could give the Lord a hand of praise we bring Anthony. [Applause] Amen. You appreciate that this evening. Hallelujah. Says yes ready to come forward. Amen. And dismiss the people. Hallelujah. And do you love him today? Amen. And amen and amen. Hallelujah. Oh, it's manifesting time. Oh, and the fruit is on the vine. And the lovely one is coming into view. Well, look up. He chosen. Oh, redemption. Oh, and the lovely one is coming just for you. Well, I know that it's manifested time. Oh, and the fruit is on the ground. And the lovely one who is coming to you. Oh, be chosen by Oh, redemption ro. Oh, and the lovely one is coming just for you. Oh, and it's the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the demons tremble. And it's the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the whole heart crumble. Oh, cuz it was God that devised the plan. Oh, that all things as a man. Oh, that he would live so he can give. Give us the life behind the name. Oh, give us the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the demons tremble. It's the life behind the name. Oh, and it makes the proud heart humble. Oh, and it was God who divides the plan. [Music] Oh, he can live. So he was the life behind me. Oh behind me. Oh demble. It was the life behind me. Oh proud humble and it was the plan. So he gave us the life behind the name. Oh it was the life behind the oh that makes the demon treble. It was the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the proud heart humble. And it was God who devised the plan.
