################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-06-26 - The Perfecting Of The Saints - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-06-26
Title:   The Perfecting Of The Saints - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5pp0Eoiw8Y
========================================

We lift our hands before you. We lift our hearts to you. We lift our voices to you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be his wonderful name. You're glad to be here this morning. If you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn with me to Psalms reading chapter 84. Just a couple [Music] verses. And it says, "How am I ever like tabernacles, oh Lord of hosts, my soul longeth, yay, even faintth for the courts of the Lord. My heart and my flesh cryth out for the living God. Yay, the sparrow had found in house, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, even thine altars, oh Lord of hosts, my king and my God. Blessed are they that dwell in thy house. They will still praising thee, sailor. May we bow our heads as we open in a word of [Music] prayer. Oh heavenly father, this morning we deem it such a great privilege to be gathered together in your house once more, Lord. Lord, we just thank you for the opportunity that you have given us, Lord. Lord, just to worship and praise you, just to hear from you, Lord. Lord, this morning we have come under expectation, Lord. Lord, we have come with a desire in our heart to to receive more of you, Lord. A desire in our heart to be changed and transformed and to leave this place differently than when we first came, Lord. Lord, I pray that you have your perfect will over everything that will take place today, Lord. Lord, be with those that are on their way, Lord. Speak lip to air to your people. I pray that we be able to openly enter in and worship you and and give you king lamb worship because none is worthy like you, Lord. Lord, no one deserves the glory and the honor and the praise like you, Lord. Those that may feel weak and body, I pray that you give them strength, Lord. Those that may be weary, Lord, I pray that you raise them up, so we could give you one blast of praise, Lord. That we could give you the best that we have to offer. that we could worship you in this house and create such an atmosphere that the miraculous could take place this morning. Have your preeminence among us. Be with the musicians, the singers, the worshippers, the helps. Lord, have your perfect will. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Give the Lord a hand of praise. Hallelujah. You love the Lord this morning. Let's just turn around and and greet your brother and sister as we sing that song. I am walking with the [Music] king. Hallelujah. I am walking with the king. Oh, I'm walking with the king. I am walking with the king. Hallelujah. I am walking with the king. Every day I am walking with the king. Oh, sing hallelujah. I am walking with the king. Oh, I'm walking with the I said I'm walking with the king. Hallelujah. I am walking with the king every day. I am walking with the king. Oh, I say hallelujah. I am walking with the I said I'm walking. I know I'm walking with the king. Hallelujah. I am walking with the king. Oh, every day I am walking with Oh, sing hallelujah. I am walking. I said I'm walking. I know. I'm walking with the hallelujah. I am walking with every I am walking. I'm walking with them. Oh, I'm walking with them. I said I'm walking. Oh, hallelujah. Walking with every am I walking by said I'm living. I am God. Jesus. Oh, cover. I am covered. Covered. Covered by his blood. Jesus has rest without a music. Let's just sing it. I am covered. I am covered. Covered. Covered by walking by faith. Living in love. I am covered. Covered. Covered by his. Jesus has everybody all together. Oh, I am covered. Cover cover by walking. I said I'm living in love. I am covering coming by his blood. Jesus has rescued. And there's a feeling in the air that God is everywhere and his resurrection power is moving in this hour and Jesus might be ignore. Oh, there's a feeling there's a feeling in me. know that God is everywhere and his resurrection power is moving in this hour that Jesus might be glory by faith in I am coming. Oh, come Jesus. Hallelujah. I am walking with the I said I'm walking with the I know I'm walking with the Hallelujah. I am walking with the king every day. I am sounds for just one more time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am walking. I said I'm walking. I know I'm walking with the king. Hallelujah. I am walking with the king. I am walking with you. Yes, Lord. Blessed be his wonderful name. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout of praise. We're just getting started this morning. We only now beginning. We are about to create an explosion in this place. An explosion of worship, an explosion of praise. It should be streaming out. Should just be flowing out. Must be so natural. You wouldn't even realize what's taking place just like that. Hallelujah. Just lose yourself in his presence. Lose yourself in his anointing. Lose yourself in this atmosphere. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes. My soul says yes. My soul says yes this morning. Yes to your word. Yes to your will. Yes to my healing. Yes to my ceiling. Yes to my deliverance. We serve a mighty God. We serve an awesome God. He is great. He is wonderful. He is merciful. Blessed be his wonderful name. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Sam, let everything that have left. Let everything I don't care how you feel. I don't care what you thought this morning. I don't care what you went through yesterday. We're here to praise him. We're here to thank him. We're here to worship him. Blessed be his name. Yeah. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes. Thank you Jesus. There's a there's a little chorus I'd like us to sing. A little chorus of wonderful wonderful. Isn't he awesome this morning? Isn't he great? Yeah. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Oh, counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me and keeping me from all sin and shameless. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Praise is Oh yes, he is wonderful. Wonderful Jesus to me is my fountain prince of mighty. He keeps on saving me and keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Listen. Once was lost, now I'm found free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and salvation saving me, keeping me from sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Oh, are you free this morning? Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Prince of peace. Mighty God is he meth from sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise and tell your neighbor one more time. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is testify to him. Prince of peace. Mighty God is here. Say wonderful wonderful Jesus to me. Prince of peace mighty God is he keep on saving me and keep me from all sin and shameless. Oh, wonderful is my [Music] [Applause] rich. Blessed be his name. [Music] Let's just sing a song. How [Music] great is our God. Sing with me. How [Music] great. It's your time to worship. See how great how great is our God. Let's just fill this place with praise and worship. Hallelujah. How [Applause] great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great, how great is our God. He's the name above all names. is the name above. All name is [Music] worthy. Yes, Lord. And my heart and my [Applause] heart See how great is our God. And all see how great how great is our God. Every hand raise sing. [Music] Worthy the lamb seated on the throne. Seated the throne. We crown him now with many crowns. We crown him now with many crowns. He reigns victorious high and lifted up. Jesus son of God. Oh Jesus, son of God. The treasures of heaven. for the treure of [Music] heaven. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Let's Let's sing without the music. [Music] The lamb seated on the throne. Seated on the throne. We crowned him now with many crowns. We crown him now with many crowns. You reign victorious. I left it all. She's the son of God. Worthy is worthy. Worthy is worthy. Now praise him in your own way. Take this moment just to worship him. Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Applause] yes. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You are not alone before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone right now. Right now, even in good times and bad, you are alone. You are God alone. You are God alone. God alone from before time began. You are alone. You are God alone. Right now. Right now. You are on. You are God alone. You are God. You are on your throne. You are alone right now. Right now, you are You are God. Sing it like you mean it. You are God alone. are alone [Music] before. You are you are not alone right now. Yes. You are God. You are not alone. You are you [Applause] are you are on the throne. You are giving praise. [Music] I'm lost without you. And I'm desperate for you. [Music] [Applause] I'm lost without you. I'm nothing without you, Jesus. Oh Lord, I'm desperate for you. Anyone desperate for more of God this morning? Make it your prayer. Just surrender everything to him. I'm lost without you, Jesus. I'm no use to myself without you. I'm nothing without you. And I am desperate for you. And I'm lost without you. I'm lost without you. And desperate for you and I lost you [Applause] and I'm desperate for you, Lord. For more of you, less of me. Take full control, Lord. I'm lost without you. I'm asking for you. Give the Lord a hand of [Music] praise. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. He deserves all the glory, all the honor, all the worship, all the praise. He is awesome. Thank you, lamb of God. [Music] Worthy. You are worthy. King of kings. Lord of lords. You are worthy. Worthy. You are worthy. King of kings, Lord of lords. I worship you. Everybody sing your hand raise. Sing and worthy. You are worthy. King of kings, Lord of all. You are worthy. Oh, I am worthy. You are worthy. King of kings, Lord of lord. I worship you. Holy, holy. You are holy. handy. You are holy. Worthy. You are worthy. Oh king of kings, Lord of lord. You are worthy. Everybody sing. Worthy. You are [Applause] worthy. King of kings. Lord of the Lord, mighty. Let's sing it. Mighty, mighty, you are mighty. King of kings, Lord of lords. You are mighty Lord, mighty. Oh, king of [Applause] kings. Worthy. Worthy. Worthy. Worthy. You are worthy. King of kings. Lord of lords. You are worthy. Worthy. You are worthy. King of kings. Lord of host. I worship you. Let's just sing it one more time. Worthy. [Applause] Worthy. You are worthy. [Applause] You are worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy. You are worthy. King of kings. Lord of lord, I worship you. Oh, King of Kings, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, I worship you. King of Kings, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, I worship you. Let's just give the Lord a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be a wonderful name. Blessed be his holy name. Amen. I will praise the Lord. Singing. And I will praise the Lord. [Music] No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat up here. [Applause] I will praise the [Applause] Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] No matter what tomorrow will praise [Music] Let us bow our heads for a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, how we thank you for this great privilege to be living in the days of the closing of time. And father, we know there's a lot of things that going to be in store, but we will praise you regardless. Many wise men and sages and prophets would have loved to be here in such a time as this, but you have given us this awesome privilege to welcome your soon coming. Prepare our hearts this morning. Anoint us with your presence. take me out of the way and be glorified in our midst. We love you. We adore you. We worship you. We honor you. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Why don't you turn around one more time and shake somebody else? [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you. If you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn, thank you, musicians, to Ephesians chapter 4, read in verse 11-13. We just have one scripture this morning. Ephesians 4 11-13. Greetings in the precious name of Jesus. We greet those connected us on the internet. God bless you and welcome. Verse 11 of Ephesians 4. And he gives some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ till we all come in the in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. May God bless his word. You may be seated. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Wonderful. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Well, this morning I have a title, the perfecting of the saints. Amen. That's the title this morning, the perfecting of the saints. and have an inspiration the ministry of perfection. Hallelujah. Now I know a lot of things is happening on the outside with Europe uh Britain, England, Los Angeles, the scientists say the fault is moving and shifting. It's just a matter of time. A lot of things is happening outside but I'm not going to talk about that this morning. We want to deal with what's on the inside. Wonderful. Because the saints have to come to perfection. We have got to return to the ministry of Jesus Christ. Yes, sir. In other words, God have to use somebody's bodies flesh bodies to raise the dead. That that's how it going to work. Somebody going to be a channel of God for his spirit to flow through. And that body going to be his wife his bride. His people nothing going to stop it because the mouth of the Lord had spoken it. Amen. We spoke some time back about prophecy and process that for Jesus born in Bethlehem, they had a call for taxation to get Joseph out from where he is. Leave Joseph in his comfort zone, he stay right there and Mary have the baby right there. But that will break the scriptures. So in order that the scriptures be not broken, God have to force the issue to get the re the train moving to get things turning and to get you to connect with your scriptures. God have to get the train around your life moving. So God will create situations and issues in order to bring you into the fulfillment of your word of prophecy. Hallelujah. It's not coming to you. You are going to it. Hallelujah. In other words, you have to come into your position. You wasn't born into it. You have to come into it. Hallelujah. Praise God. You are predestinated to it. So therefore, you got to walk out of what you're in to go into what God want you to be in. Isn't that right? Redemption is always in two parts. Coming out of and going into or unless people come out in this message. But have what have they gone into? Praise God. Another denomination, another cult, another group of people just gathering together. But there's a promised land called Ephesians land. There's a land of Ephesians. Joshua didn't cross over just to cross over. He crossed over to give them inheritance. Come on now. Moses ministry could only take them out. Come on now. I'mma say it again. Moses anointing, Moses ministry could only bring the people out. It take what? Joshua anointing. It take the Holy Ghost anointing. It take the ministry of the spirit to take the people in. For 40 years, we had Moses. You're not hearing what I'm saying? Come out the Baptist. Come out of Methodist. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come out. But there's got to come a when we no longer coming out, but we are going in to our land of promise, to your inheritance, to your land. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Praise God. Oh my. When somebody got sold out in the Old Testament, they had to wait either two things. somebody to bail them out, pay for them out, some rich man, willing and rich to bail them out and and pull them out or wait for the year of Jubilee because the year of Jubilee provided the grace of God for you to be delivered whether you had the money or not. Amen. So if you're in slavery and some rich uncle could pull you out, they could pay for you when you get out. But in case you have no rich uncle or no rich family or nobody to redeem you, you have to wait till the Jubilee come. And when the Jubilee come, somebody going to start to blow some trumpets. You'll hear some trumpets start to blow. A trumpet going to start to give a certain song that you don't have to sin no more. You don't have to backslide no more. You don't have to be up and down no more. You don't have to surrender to the devil no more. Come on now. No man could bind you anymore. No preacher, no pastor, no minister. You're married to no man behind the pulpit. You're married to Jesus Christ. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] I love freedom. I love freedom. I like I love freedom. Hallelujah. And you must be free to shout and jump and I must be free to bust the word right in your face. Bring both of us free this morning. Oh, give the Lord some shouts of praises. You want truth. You want truth. You don't want psychology. You want the truth because the truth is what going to set you free. All right. Let's get on now. Come on. Amen. All right. From the guide Justin fulfill. Now remember this. These are the things he's talking about. The first the the night the morning he preaches touch of a perfect man where he had all the virtues, faith and knowledge and temperance and patience. This is the night service. He's preaching the guide and he's he's going back now and connecting to the morning service. He said these are the things that build the servant of Christ. See faith first then virtue. He didn't say church is the thing that build. He didn't say people is the thing that build. He didn't say deacon and elders and trusty is that build the servant of Christ. That might build a man ministry and reputation. But these are the things which is faith and virtue. You can't see those things. Those are invisible things. You could see a building. You could see officers stand on their post of duty. That's things you could see with your eyes. But you see these things, these are inside things. These could only manifest through the flesh, through the body. It had to thunder. It had to rip off. The word didn't remain word. In the beginning was the word. It was invisible. Hallelujah. And the word become flesh. That is how the word become visible and dwell among us. And that same invisible word that you're reading all these years, you're hearing all these years, that word has to become flesh. Could I get a shout in the house? I am not your priest. The Catholic church have that. All right. But the priest is the man and he just do a little wafer thing and you're good to go. This is for all of us. Amen. Lady members, anybody believers, worshippers, all of us, that word have to register inside your system. Those virtues have become part of your being, part of your very life. You made a pledge last week to pray without ceasing until these virtues become part of your system. We said, how many pledges this by the grace of God, how have your prayer week been? Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. You have to make a personal investment in these virtues. Hallelujah. This better than unit trust. This better than bank and putting the money in the bank. This is investing in doing virtues because when Satan sees it as register, but Satan does recognize it. He might recognize your tie and your clothing. But when he see these virtues, it has he has recognized it because it thunders. Oh, it shake the devil. My you could go free. You are more powerful than you think. Oh my. You sit there watching me with all that potentials inside of you. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Them demons say, "Paul, I know Peter. I know that's the same man who denied Christ." That's the same man who was cursing. But them demons recognize not Peter. It what was inside of Peter, what's flowing out of Peter. Oh, glory to God. And that them devil going to recognize what's flowing out inside of you. The devil don't believe who you are. The devil don't know who you are. But but you shall know as you are known. You shall know as you are known. God know you a certain way. But you're going to come into that perfect knowledge. You're going to come from partial realization into perfect realization. You're going to come into a complete realization of where you come from, where you're going, and who the devil is. And sin don't have to grip you no longer. We want to break that off of you this morning. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. And when that broken off, you'll be shouting, you'll be screaming, you'll be jumping. You'll be hallelujah. [Music] Every service you supposed to be going more and more free. Every service. You are nearer than when you first believe. [Applause] Now watch. When God gave Abraham the promise, you're going to have Isaac. God didn't tell Abraham 25 years from now, you having Isaac now. No. What? For Abraham to go and do everything else and then 240 year Abraham appearing. Yeah. Abraham reappear after 24 years and say, "Lord, I already know. No, God didn't do that. Just give him a promise. Hold that. I can't lie. I am God. I give you that promise. You can't bring it to pass by yourself. So don't play self-righteous and and puffed up. Just speak about it. Just testify about it. Just prophesy it. Get the ministry of the word to prophesy that you're going to have this virtue and knowledge and temperance and you will have this son. You don't hear what I'm saying. Just prophesy to the world. You're going to have faith and virtue and knowledge and temp. You going to have Isaac. You're going to have his son. Your body old. You're barren. Hallelujah. You're struggling for years, but God said so. And God can't lie. You can't explain how it going to come to pass. All you know it going to come to pass. Oh, glory. The devil's a lie. I don't care what you have done. He chose you. He said, "You have not chosen me. I have chosen you." Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. You see when I say give the Lord a shout, I mean that, you know, because you see when you shout, you're backing up your doubts. Amen. [Applause] Amen. You see when you just watch the word according watching the word you hear the picture and you're watching it. You're watching it. Watching it like a horse. You bring the water and you watching the water. Drink horse. Drink horse to horse and want to drink horse say nice water but nice water. Nice water. It is nice water. But you can't taste it if you're not partaking of it. When you start a party say this eating good. This really nice. I eating the cake and you watching you you don't know it tasting I can tell you it tasting nice but you're dribbling your your mouth watering until I give you peace they say oh mhm mhm you have more but that's how you supposed to be in service God you have more of this thing this thing eating real nice there's the best thing God send a prophet God take away the prophet God have so much confidence in us he could drop 40 plus years in this message and we not moving We stand against principalities, powers, ministers, unbelievers, six sealed preachers, backsliding ministers, backsliding believers, all kind of spirits for all these years. And guess what? We still standing on fire. Not not bored and half dead. No, we still on fire as when we first started out. Just as strong. Just as strong. Just as strong. Give me my [Applause] mountain. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Since 1975, I have been looking with his hour and I am nearer than when I first believe. We going to preach a gospel with power, with signs, with wonders, with miracles. right before your eyes. We going to have a seven thunder revival on this island in this church. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, you talk about a second coming. It already started. I said, "Nobody can run me out of this message. They're crazy. Amen. Run me out of this inspiration, this revelation. There have to be nuts. What? Amen. Is not man call you? Is not man call me? Is man give me revelation? If man give me revelation, they can take it back. If they give me a party card, they take back the party card. But when pillar of fire, flesh and blood have not had not revealed this unto you. But my father hath revealed and the gates of hell feel like dancing this morning. And the gates of hell my what a place to be in. Nothing can stumble you. Nothing can throw you off. You don't even want to have an excuse. You just want to deliver the goods. Lord, report him for duty. Or get the Lord some praises. Man on fire for God. [Applause] Understand this. Many wise men would have liked to be here. Yes, Daniel was getting revelation pouring upon him. And Daniel said, "I understood not." When God had to drop it on Daniel, so he said, "I understood not." God said, "Daniel, go thy way." The book is sealed till the time of the end. Because with the unsealing of the book come the unsealing or the unveiling of sons. For hundreds of years, they had church members. It's the first time God went and pulled the veil, offer some mysteries called sons. You see how them big technical companies that hide all the secrets and and license and cover it up and only reveal it to to put it on the market. But God was hiding some stuff. He's about to put it on the market. Are you hearing what I'm saying? All along sometime they have something called R&D. It is called research and development. They spend billions of dollars doing research and development of different products and they have the hackers want to hack into the computers to find out what the researching about. But the devil couldn't hack this one because when the seven seal broke, when the seventh seal broke, there was silence. So the old hacker couldn't hack this. Oh, but I'm telling you the silence about to be broken. And what God hid under those seals, he going to rip the veil off of it. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. So now, now because people could hack and see what you're writing in the emails, they have something called encrypted communication. Hallelujah. all tied up. They can't unveil it. They can't go. That's how God communicating with his sons is encrypted communication. So the devil can't intercept what God is telling you. The devil devil can't do anything about your healing. The devil can't do anything about your deliverance. The devil can't do anything about your breakthrough. Oh, give the Lord a shout. My God, I feel the windows of heaven is about to break upon your life. [Applause] [Music] It's always it's always a question when it's not manifested. Yes. Did he say so? Did he say so? Did he say would he do it? Will he do it? When it's manifested is a shut the devil's mouth. It's a shut them out of the critics. You're sick. The doctor say you go dead. You're sick. You're sick. You're sick. But when you're healed, what the doctor going to say? The doctor had to keep quiet. God want to unveil this bride. He want to bring out a church that he could be proud of. A perfect church where sin can't even stay. A church that love him, that don't fear hell. You You hear what I'm saying? A church that have a love for God, a love for his people, a love for his word, a love for his objective and motive, a love to see his desire fulfilled. I must be about my father's business. I always do that which pleases a bunch of ministers. No, pleases my father. Ministers angry, let them huggy be angry. I don't want my father to be angry. Oh glory. Oh glory. Glory. Come on you Gentiles. God call you to be individuals. God call you to stand as men. Stand as woman. Not stand as a church group. Church group will fail. It has failed. But an individual standing upon that rock. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Faith first virtue. Remember the Holy Spirit cannot cap the building of God until these things are operated by the spirit. Amen. Now these are careful words and spirit given words. He could have said operated by revelation but he didn't say that. He said the virtues have to be operating by the spirit. In other words, it had to operate at the subconscious level where it is automatic. At the conscious level, you have to be nice. You have to smile. You just had a call with your husband, but somebody knock on the door and you can't open it like that. You have to change from that oh mean look into the smile look because somebody's at the door. That is you working the thing. But when it's operating by the spirit, you talk to your husband, right? You talk to your wife, right? You talk to whoever at the door, right? Because you are just right. It's the spirit that's operating within your soul. [Applause] What is it? You are dying and Christ is coming to life. I'll say it again. You are dying and Christ is coming to life. Then you begin to see things in your life that you know you can't do. Then it is him. It can't be you. Oh, hallelujah. Come on now. Come on now. Help me somebody. Hallelujah. So these virtues have to be operating by the spirit. Or it could be operating by the spirit if the spirit income come. So the spirit is promised. Amen. Amen. Amen. I know it's not preached like that. Amen. As a promise. Amen. But it is a promise. Jesus, he had Moses ministry to bring them I like those words as far as to Bethany. Hallelujah. Amen. That's how the word Bible describes. He brought them up as far as the Bethany and he was taken up and they wave him bye-bye. That's as far as he could take them. Now, now, now Joshua, which is represented by Holy Spirit because Jesus prophesied, "If I don't go, the comforter will not come." So, don't try to hold on to me. Word word. [Applause] I caught you. They like the word made flesh. They like him breaking bread and making more fish and healing the sick and whatnot. He said, "But listen, I got to go." He said, "Oh, no. Don't go." He said, "I got to go. If I don't go confident, I will not come." Amen. My ministry to bring you up to this spot, but the Holy Ghost in the upper room, he going to take you further. Amen. He going to break upon your life. All you got to do now is to create the atmosphere for him to come down because Holy Ghost got come and dry. Holy Ghost can't come on dumb mouths and people m Holy Ghost can't come on that. Holy Ghost can't come on sin. Holy Ghost can't come on you not worshiping and praising God. So you have to connect with Revelation chapter 5. When the lamb took the book, you believe a prophet, you believe all the sea is open and you can't worship God, something is wrong. You have to see your name. If you see your name, you Let me drop this on you. The devil deceives all on the earth except those who have their names written. If you know and know your name is written which trial, which testing, what to come, what what condition, what can separate you from. You may be seated. Amen. Britain UK walk out of the euro zone $3 trillion was lost on Friday off the market three there plenty zeros after the one there's a whole lot of zeros just like that something had to wreck the financial market of the world to bring on a new system I call it beast system. Amen. Amen. That one could dominate with trade and commence because the Bible said they wouldn't be able to buy or sell unless they take the mark of the beast. And all that dwell on the earth shall worship the beast. Who you worshiping this morning? [Applause] It's not rich people worshiping the beast and the hip hoppers worshiping the beast. No. Poor rich bun, free, church people, non-church people, drunkards, whatever. All except then when we preach the word somehow your father, the lord, the spirit has to reveal to you where your name is on that book. I can't do it. I am not the revealer. I am not the revelator. God is. He alone have the sovereignity to reveal this thing to whomsoever he will. That's why every service you ought to be excited. You ought to be under expectation. You ought to loose yourself. Free yourself. Enjoy yourself in his presence. Oh, do I hear a shout in the house? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Doomed devils are on the run. You are going to go free. Glory. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Once you see your name and you understand by revelation that your name is on that book and that book is the book of redemption and the redemption have redemptive rights. Then you have to want to know what is your right. If you are a citizen of this country you supposed to have rights in this country. You're not a foreigner. You're not a stranger. You can't walk like you're not sure that you belong. Every place you put your foot becomes yours. Oh God, help me Jesus. Help me. God, you may be seated. Understand this. The people was in is in Egypt under Pharaoh. God said, "I'm going to bring it a land that's not yours." Amen. Amen. That's right. They come out of bondage and God say that land is yours from this border to that border to that border. But there's a fine print. You have to place your foot on it. You can't use binoculars and say that land is mine. You know all down there all down there and you're looking through some spy glasses. No, no, no. God say by your spy glasses you go see it. You go read it. You want to put your foot on it. You want to put your hand on the neck of the lion. Yeah, you want to put your hand on top the ears of the beer. Oh, you not hear what I'm saying. [Applause] People said they get frightened already. Lion and so how you face Goliath. You think it's lion and bear go boast about it. Have a bigger trial coming. Why you think the man the song will sing? No matter what's in store, I will praise the Lord. When that lion come in front of your house, I want to hear you praising the Lord. I'm not making it easy for you. I'm not bringing some Kentucky Fried Chicken for you. I'm telling you this is real. Judgment is already set. Any day this is going to go down. America go be under w because the iniquity has rose up to God. And the cup of iniquity is about full. When God say, "I had enough." Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Didn't plan to read this, but I'm going to read it for you. Oh, glory. Wonderful. Revelation chapter 8. And when he had opened the seven seals, there was silence in heaven about a space of half an hour. And I saw the seven angels which stood before God. And to them were given seven trumpets. And another angel came and stood at the altar having a golden sensor. There was given unto him much incense that he should offer it with prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne. and the smoke of the incense which came with the prayers of the saints ascended up before God out of the angel's hand. And the angel took the sensor and filled it with fire of the altar and cast it onto the earth. And there were voices and thunderings and lightnings and an earthquake. Amen. Did you hear that? Amen. Amen. With the prayers of the saints, angel, to take the incense, cast it upon the earth. Amen. And there were tundants, voices, lightning, and an earthquake. All that tie together. Amen. Hallelujah. We approachment. We approaching the judgment hour. God sent Elijah before that terrible day of the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Could somebody say amen? Amen. Don't forget that. Now, this is here first. First, your faith, virtue, knowledge, and so forth is to be added to it until the complete stature of Christ is made manifest. Then the Holy Spirit comes upon it and seals it as one body, and by your fruit you shall known. And when all this takes place, watch, the place of worldliness and ungodliness, all unbelief is cast out. All the things of the world is passed away. There's nothing but a new creature in Christ. Then grieve not the Holy Spirit whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption. The sealing is the Holy Spirit. The cap is what seals us into the body. The cap seals us into the body after all these virtues are added from ordination. He said until these things are scripturally proven and sealed into you, the Holy Spirit seals you in as an individual. Amen. So that's why taking a refuge in churches is no token. And that's what they have deceived the people with. That's if the church is the Holy Ghost or the church give them the right to to the rapture. It doesn't give you that. The church is like a covering out of the church there going to be a bride who going to be wife of the lamb or his wife that will make herself ready. While all the others just washing the cloth and washing the dress, his wife going to put on the dress. clean and white rashes of the saints. Hallelujah. Let us rejoice and be glad for the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife not the church members the church members hoping to be bridesmaid must be but his wife going to make herself ready. You got to see something to put on. You got to see something to act on it. [Applause] You see religious people they only want to hear nice things. Amen. They want to hear excited. Oh, I never see it. So, I never see it. You had a revelation. But bright people, they want things to apply. How could I apply? How can I change things in my home, in my life, in my relationship, in my walk, in my talk, in my action, in my attitude. I want those things to apply. I don't want to hear, here, here. I want to know what to apply. You have a sore, you have a disease. You have a disease. It's a big disease. It's a extended disease. I hear that. I want a cure. Amen. Hallelujah. You're a sinner. You're a sinner. Yes, I know that. I born in sin. Shape iniquity. I want deliverance. I want a breakthrough. I want redemption. I want healing. I want restoration. You're back. You're back. Yes. I'm back. Sitting. [Music] The question is if you're going to stay back. Amen. The question if you're going to stay sick, if you're going to stay bound, or if you're going to shake yourself like Samson, shake yourself. Shake yourself. Sam had to shake himself. You know, is he in prison? Is he blind? What a effort. What a effort to push forward. One opportunity. Hallelujah. One opportunity he had. This is his last chance. This is the last age. This is our final chance. One small word. [Applause] It is scary because it is dangerous to be lazy. It is dangerous to be lukewarm. It is dangerous to be dead. Former. It is dangerous. God said, "I rather you're hot or you're cold. If you're cold, I know you're dead. If you're hot, you're on fire. But when you're lukewarm, you're miserable. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Somehow the anchor in Samson held. He fell. He backslid. He lost his eyes. He lost his joy. He lost a lot of stuff. But he didn't lose his God. [Applause] And sometime people feel because you fall, you fail, you fail, you backslide, that all is lost. That's not true. That's a lie. That's a lie. That's a lie. That's a big liar. Huge lie. That's lie. Massive. David never lost his salvation. David said, "Lord, restore unto me the joy of my [Applause] salvation, wonderful, glory, glory, glory, wonderful, wonderful, glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Don't look at me. Worship God. [Music] I didn't come to say all them things. There's angels dropping down his voices, inspiration, anointing. God, there's needs here that God is ministering to and the spirit is picking it up. Glory. Hallelujah. You going to step out after this service. You can't stay where you are. You got to step out. When When Esther recognized the crisis at hand, her people was about to be destroyed. Esther come to the spot that she tell herself if I perish I perish. She know the rules. You can't just go into the presence of the king. She know the laws. But it's one time law or no law. I'm desperate. [Music] Said if I perish I perish. If a prayer don't stop me, I better go in. If I go in church and die than to die in sin and unbeliever, I'm going to go. I'm going to get a breakthrough. My God give us people so hungry for God. They want a revival. I don't care who God have to change. God have to change the pastor, you going to change him. God will turn the pastor upside down and shake him out. He going to shake him out. Nothing must stop the perfecting of the saints. God going to pull down this man. God going to push out this one. God going to shake off this one. But there is going to be the perfecting of the saints. You are going to come to perfection. My hope I get through this today. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I have a statement to make. A five-fold minister will be a manifestation of a positionally placed son of God. Amen. That's forget all who say they're fivefold. They in their fold. That is not the fold God talking about when God said for God set the church in the church not manappoint appointed not somebody voted in this is when God set and when God set a man but a Brandon was born a prophet he was always a prophet but God told him do the work of an evangelist until he get set Could I hear a shout in the house? Are you following what I'm preaching? So even though he was born a prophet, he had to do the work of evangelist until until God set him [Music] and God set him by the opening of six seals. six. Because the word come to the prophet because Christ is the seventh seal. So the prophet opened six and Christ stood there in that prophet as the seventh seal and out of the mouth seven thunders who roared out to gather the bride together to give the bride faith to show the bride how to prepare out of the mouth of Christ the mighty angel. Oh give the Lord a shout in the house. So the six seals vindicated him as that Elijah Malachi 4. Now he was ready to reveal the son of man who is Christ. Amen. The swer of the good seed veiled in a son of man. The son of man speaking bridal promises. Speaking prophecy. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Are you with me? Wonderful. Five-fold minister will be a manifestation of positionally placed son of God. Amen. In other words, Jesus walking on two feet. Amen. Amen. Not intellectuals. Not church politicians and manipulators or message popes or spiritual dictators. It have all of that. Yes. So don't think I just playing with words there. We are not talking about a sign of the five-fold. Come on. Or a sign of the third pole or a sign of adoption. A sign points you to the destination. Amen. I am speaking about an adopted son veiling the pillar of fire. Amen. With seedum. [Applause] Hallelujah. Not with quotes, not with doctrine, not with teachings because Peter was in the body. Yes. He was an adopted son. And Peter had summar in him. So when he went to Cornelia's house, while Peter spake, hallelujah, the Holy Ghost, the spirit and the word was one. When he speak the word, he speaking spirit. and other sons got quickened, made alive. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Peter was God's channel of communication for God's inspiration to flow through. And we're going to have a repeat of that. Peter, the throne of God that was once in heaven, that was in Jesus Christ, was now in the heart of Peter. That's what we talking about. A man failed the pill fire. Hallelujah. What will it be? It will be the ministry of Jesus Christ. It will be a ministry of perfection to bring the saints to perfection. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Still want to finish the statement. God picks Amen. and ordains the five-fold ministry. Amen. For the body of Christ. The entire bride body. So the five-fold ministry is not just a local ministry. The five-fold ministry will be an international ministry that affects and influences and speaks to and communicates to the entire bride body. Amen. Good word. Good word. So what Baram taught is that a man must be adopted, gifted, and sent out as a five for minister. Amen. So we have to do the work of what we working at until we are placed positionally and sent. Hallelujah. And with that authority the whole heaven behind those men because they are ambassadors of the throne. Did you hear what I'm saying? They become ambassadors of the throne. Ambassadors have special passport. Amen. That special rights and liberty and freedom. They pass in special quarters and special places because they ambassador of this country and that country. But then you become an ambassador of the very throne of God. When you speak, God speaks. When you say heaven lock up, heaven lock up. When you say heaven unlock, heaven unlock. It will be the word of God coming forth from the mouth of God. Brother Brandham said once more the world will hear direct from God. And that is not about playing books and tapes. He's not talking about that. He's talking about man that fail in the pillar of fire having the voice of God. You're going to know is the voice of God because the voice of God brings back that real supernatural power. Not no high level of word talk, high level revelation talk. That is still talk. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Got to perseverance. We believe. Amen. There's a church coming into that perfection. Amen. The ministry of perfection where the offices, the apostles and prophets and pastors and teachers, evangelists for the perfecting of the church, them pastors and teachers and so forth will be so with the word till they will work right up to the coming of the Lord. Not with their dreams, not with their own private revelation, but with the word. Amen. That's why you have to know what the prophet prophesy because if you don't know it, what people interpret it to you, you will interpret it as that is the word. God not trying to vindicate me. You know, God trying to vindicate his word. If I die, if I am no longer in his pulpit, this word will still be vindicated. Do you understand that? [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Jesus. That's why God gives gives Samuel the roughening up. Hallelujah. Morning for Saul. He said, "Why you more? Why you wasting time on Saul?" I find a better man. God have no time to waste. It's 40 years they had Saul. God say time up. They choose that spirit of man. Now I'm going to get my man. Amen. Go and anoint him. Who? Amen. One of the son of Jesse. I like how God has do things. He used to tell me go to tell Zamuel David. David David like the process. Our God is a awesome God. Do you see that? Samuel can go and start looking for David. Anybody know who David is? All right, David by the thing and he anointed with a private ceremony and do that. God not operating like that. Number one is a tough job to anoint a man as king when the next king is alive. You're looking to get your head off. So the question was how do I do it? He said you're going to have fellowship. You're going to have feast. You know you got to move with wisdom because you're killing you know baby king on throne. You know don't play king when the next king around in those days you lose your head you know so God has avail the whole thing and let Samuel go through the process to let Samuel know assuredly I don't see as man says I see a little different so as let them pass through under the may recognize there's no spirit witness let them keep passing keep moving brothers don't up now. Don't handle the line. Keep going. Whenever pass says is this all God will waste time. If God send me here for for for a better man, it has to have a better man around. So you you think you waste time coming here this morning? Look, you you came for a purpose. You came for enlightenment. You You came for perfection. You came to raise up above where you are. You have to see something bigger than you, better than you, greater than you, more awesome than you, mightier than you that could to pull you from where you are to where you ought to become. [Applause] Brother Clarence had a nice little thing for me. Your tongue have no bones, but it could break hearts. [Music] Be careful what you say. Be careful with your words. Amen. Amen. They say, "Mark, the perfect man." He can bridle his tongue. [Applause] Glory. Enjoying the Lord. Amen. Amen. So therefore the dynamics has to come to a five-fold ministry. Amen. Amen. Isn't that right? Yes sir. There is going to be the ministry of Christ. So the the dynamics is what will positionally place the five-fold ministry. But Abraham in your chip report, listen to this. I don't really hear ministers talking much about this, but I just say and my brethren here this morning speaking and I pray that each of these ministers in here, these ministering spirits that God hear my prayer and I pray that you will purge that gift that's in them. and men arrogant. They this this is that and they showing the muscles and say purge them. If they're preachers, make them better preachers. Amen. If they're evangelists, make them better evangelists. If they're teachers, make them better teachers. If they're pastors, make them better pastors. God grant that they will be filled with the spirit of God and will be energized by that great supervine that will give them life eternal and power to minister with and to touch the needy world as it is so needy today. So he is talking about effective ministry. He's talking about empowered ministry. He's talking about ministry that could only grow as you are purged and cleansed and taken through God's grinder. otherwise known as place of triumph. My lord, this is what I am seeing right now. The first sign of the ministry of Christ is power, virtue flowing. Amen. And that scripture I have is Mark 5:30. And it says here, "And Jesus, woman touched him, virtue left him." And Jesus immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him, turned him about in the press and said, "Who touched my clothes?" Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. The amplified said, "And Jesus recognizing in himself that power proceeding from him had gone forth turned around immediately in the crowd and said, "Who touched my clothes?" So we talking about not revelation, but we're talking about resident power. Amen. Permanent power, not temporary power. Ah, The power that they receive in the upper room was not temporary. What Jesus gave them in Matthew 10 was temporary because Judas was there. The whole bunch of them had power because Jesus put that on them. Amen. They wasn't even really saved in that sense. Amen. Amen. They was even sanctified. They were just disciples. They in contact with Jesus and they're like Jesus. They have Jesus reputation with them. Yes. Everybody know they with Jesus and they have the authority of Jesus. Yes. But that wasn't resident in them. Amen. So he had to give them promises to say you know what you feel you it have to become inside of you. That's right. Because everybody around it getting part of it. Hallelujah. And one time they they say Lord we want to stop somebody who doing in your name. And they were jealous. They're going to fight with people who doing things not not with them. Amen. They had problems among one another who's the greatest who Jesus love more. They had own issues. They were men until God shake them down and bring them into one mind, one heart, one accord and then he could step into them. Then nobody are not jealous. You had your portion. It's one thing to have your portion, man. Oh, glory to God. When you have your portion, you have nobody else to fight up with. Hallelujah. Nobody can steal your joy. It's your own. Your own joy. You have it. So when Peter had this resident thing in him, that is why Peter could say, "Silver and gold have I none. Such as I have I give and you have to have it to give it." Let's go forward. Brother Brandham, how God set some in the church through labor pains, not through conventions, not through specials and singing and preachings and revelations. No, through labor pain. Shout out labor pains. Shout it out again. One more time. Shout it out. That mean you're making baby. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You're laboring to bring forth. Oh, they get tremendous sometimes. You can let the amen float on that one. All the time you hear pain, but you get tremendous now. Right. People don't want no pain, you know. No pain in a marriage, no pain in the relationship. If they give a chance, they get no test. Lord, no test. So why should anybody, you know, you want to go on a job? No interview. Just just go in. Just go in. A mad man will be doing that. That's right. If anybody just sending people in the job, just just go keep going. Take take whatever post you want. Whoever job you whatever pay you want you can take that too. God carry on his no not even natural man run the business like that. Amen. That's why I have test examination. It have all the interviews. It have all these things to filter the process because have all types out there good bad ugly raga muffin thieves bandits. That is why God put the angels of God tree in the garden of Eden. He said least Adam in his condition eat at that and go continuing like that with eternal life. God said guard it. So they have to block Adam from that tree. Don't let him touch that tree. God has set some in the church through the labor pains they get tremendous sometime. Then he says, "When a church, here we go now, is groaning under the persecution of the outside world," that is not bandits and robbers and drunkards, that's church people. Okay? That believing on the Lord Jesus, that here we go, the promise of the Holy Ghost is just as real to us as it was to Pentecost. He didn't say you are the Holy Ghost. He didn't say that. He said when the church is believing that the promise of the Holy Ghost is just as real as it was to Pentecost. Watch how they grown and cry on the labor pains. When they are born one and positionally born two in the kingdom. Hallelujah. Then God sets in the church some apostles, some prophets, some teachers, some pastors. Hallelujah. He don't set them in conventions. He don't set them because this one like them and this one don't like this one. He doesn't set them that way. True labor pains. How they grown, how they travail. Yes. Yes. Yes. Ministers have to grown and travail too. [Applause] If they don't go in and travail, it's on their way to tribulation. Because we have to birth into the ministry of Jesus Christ. It has to come forth. Man have to die. Amen. Amen. Then the Holy Ghost set some in the church, apostles, prophets, teachers, some pastors, some evangelists. Then he gives into their speaking in tongues, interpretation of tongues, knowledge, wisdom, gifts of healing, all kind of miracles. Oh, praise God. The pillar of fire is identified scientifically and by the reaction of it by its character and everything else just the same. Then he says, as it was when it was dwelling in the body of God's only begotten son, so does it dwell in the body of his adopted sons for the last day. Amen. Amen. The same pillar of fire that was in Jesus, that pillar of fire going to be adopted sons in the last day. Oh hallelujah. Tree is perfection. There's some soldier in prison now. The ministry comes to perfection. This is the ministry now. Come on. This is the ministry now. There's not the lady yet. The ministry. Are you ready? Yes. The ministry comes to its perfection when it reproduced Christ again in natural. Amen. Amen. Amen. Among human beings. I like that. Not Christ in spiritual talking mysteries. No natural. Amen. You see if it going by higher revelation and who are more revelation and who more revelated then then the intellectual professors and doctorates and degrees people in this message who preach this message they they adopted already they don't they don't need that dynamics their head take them higher yes but if it has to be a repetition of Christ you have to see Christ's own life oozing out the man But what I'm saying, you wouldn't have to say nothing about it. The devil make you prove sir. Every one of these virtues is in you. That is not you and God. Now that you and the devil the less amen. Hallelujah. He said it will speak for itself. You won't have to say anything about it will speak for itself. It will be God working on two feet. Listen right now. Right now, Sodom is walking on two feet. And if Sodom could walk on two feet with a rainbow flag, why we can't have good walking on two feet with the rainbow, not a flag. Oh, glory. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh my. If they're so bold to step out, we going to step out to be like Jesus [Applause] from absolute. He is the dynamics of the mechanics, the mechanics of the church. What is it? Apostles, prophets, teachers, and so forth. He is the dynamic that works that. Aha. So you mean this five-fold ministry will be worked by dynamics? Oh, hallelujah. It will turn from the ministry of the word to the ministry of the spirit. What's the objective? Four. the perfecting of the saints. Oh, hallelujah. It's worked by a certain dynamic. He is the fire that fires off the gas. He's the fire in the combustion chamber. He is the power of the resurrection. He is God. He is the fire. So, the Holy Spirit is from the guide. Watch always speaks of the word. I've got many things to tell you. You cannot understand it now, but when he comes, he will guide you to it. Here we go. This is very important. That's the reason the coming of the seals. At the finishing of the seventh seal, the mystery of God should be finished to know who God is, what he is, how he lives, his nature, his being. Here we go. You are supposed to be all the way up there by that time. Watch. See? And that brings us into the full stature of the sons and daughters of God. A church that wash in the blood of Christ that's bought without money without that price. So what is he saying at the finishing of the seventh seal? We supposed to be way up in the virtues with the word. Word on top of word on top of word on top of word. What's the secret? The word is in the bride. Then they're going to come for a five-fold ministry. with the ministry of the spirit. Amen. To take the bride further. Hallelujah. Because you going to be perfected. The cap of perfection will be the spirit part. Because right now you are perfect under the blood. You have been redeemed by the word. But then you got to get the spirit to cap that. Hallelujah. And that is what the dynamics is all about. Oh hallelujah. Do you believe that? Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. So therefore at the finishing of the seventh seal we supposed to be way up there. And what it is Christ have to come to finish that off. Christ is what coming through a five ministry. It will be the ministry of Christ. Not this man ministry this brother ministry. No it will be the ministry of Jesus Christ coming to bring on that perfection. Could we say amen? Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So the word is doing the work of redemption right now. You've been redeemed by the word right now. So Christ the spirit coming to do the final part of that work to complete the redemption the finishing the seven seal you're coming into completeness and joy. Oh hallelujah redemption in completeness and joy. Hallelujah. You coming into that completeness charity abundant perfectness come to seal you. Then you become a sealed unit of the Lord God. Perfect standing under the blood and a perfect state by the spirit. Amen. Devil can't bother with conscience, imagination, memory, affection, and reasoning. All of that under the control of the Holy Ghost. That is an invincible army. That's an invisible man. That's an invisible woman. She has the word. She has the spirit. He has the word. He has the spirit. Who going to stop that man? You put that in prison, the prison bars open up. You not hear what I'm saying? Oh, hallelujah. spiritled. You say that song in farfetched. No, the whole creation is groaning for this manifestation that I just share with you of the sons of God. They're not growning to have church members. They have no groaning to have people sitting on a church pew that ain't doing anything. We had hundreds of years of church pews. But what going to shake the system is sons of God being unveiled from under the seventh seal. Oh, glory to God. Coming right out of the book of [Applause] redemption. There'll be one more ride. There'll be one more ride. There'll be one more ride. He said, I'll ride this trail once more. There'll be one more ride. The white horse rider, the Holy Ghost himself. There going to be one more ride with signs, wonders, and miracles made it today. Oh, hallelujah. There's going to be one more ride. [Applause] [Music] Brand a perfect man. He's reading Ephesians. What we read some evangelists and pastors for the perfection of God? No. Does it read like that? No. For the perfection of what? The saints. Who are the saints? The sanctified ones. You ain't a saint until you're sanctified. Sound like 50%. Say amen. We're going to get to the other 50%. You ain't a saint until you are sanctified. Amen. So when we say the perfecting of the saints, we're talking about the perfecting of the sanctified ones. Hold it right there. Don't don't get too nervous. We coming for you. Don't don't get too nervous. Coming to get you. Perfection of the saints for the work of the ministry. Then he says the ministry of Jesus Christ. So we know now it's not brother's ministry. It's not the other minister's brother's ministry. No, we have that. But we're talking about the ministry of Jesus Christ. And it's only a one of that. That ministry coming in the form of a pastor, form of evangelist, form of a prophet, just same ministry. One ministry, one ministry. Everybody around the world that going to call into this fivefold ministry going to have that same one ministry. Amen. It's one ministry called the ministry of Jesus Christ. It will act like Christ, talk like Christ, live like Christ, do the works of Christ. It'll be just like Jesus Christ. How you know about over? Look at Ram. He walked like Christ, he talked like Christ. He act like Christ. He raised the dead like Christ. He healed like Christ. He was just like Christ. They even thought he was Christ. You had to tell them, "I am not he." And run for his life. Amen. He was so much like Christ. They mistook him for Christ. You mean it going to happen again? Yes. Yes. I'm not talking about taking for Christ now. You going to be just like Christ. Amen. So when the devil see you say I see him before you know I see him before because Christ done sting him already so he don't want to get a second one like that I feel that before but boy that same presence that was in the wilderness that presence that cast me out in presence when Jesus run them devils out the devil asked permission to go into the pigs they want to float around they want some more mischief to do somebody to get invited to jump up that's all them devils have to find somebody for mischief they have to find somebody to to use to do the impish behavior on this stuff. I'm waiting for the Holy Ghost looking for somebody to use. Somebody to use. God looking for somebody. I want to hear a bigger amen than that. Open your mouth and say amen. He's looking to use you. The Holy looking to jump on you. Holy looking to speak through you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. So this ministry is not for you. It's not for me. This ministry of Jesus Christ is necessary to raise the dead because the Lord does all three. The shout, the voice, and the trump. So it has to be Christ ministry come back. It's not man raising the dead. Think about it. It has to be Christ through and by man raising the dead. Oh, hallelujah. Are you with me? Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. So God want to come into bodies and use them for his glory. Amen. For his honor. Isn't that right? Amen. So the church come through justification sanification through Wesley through the baptism holy ghost. All the Pentecostals go right into the perfection of the son of man. When husband and wife will be the selfseen person. God will be so manifested into his bride, his church. They'll be one and the same. Amen. Do you see where we are at? Then we read this thing before. Build me up Lord into this. Let Christ be my head working through me on my foundation. My faith that's in him. Let virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness work in me, oh Lord is my prayer. I don't care live or die, sink or drown, denomination, friend or no friend. Let that work in me. This is for the ministry now. Let Christ virtue, his knowledge flow out that I might be able to teach those Amen. Whose virtue? Christ. Christ virtue. Whose knowledge? That we might be able to teach. So it's not our teaching. It has to be Christ knowledge. Christ virtue. Now we don't have virtue in ourselves. We could get faith which is at the bottom as revelation. Faith is revealed. But virtue is power. Jesus said he came unto his own. His own receive him not. But as many as receive him to them gave he power to become the sons of God. So you are promised a power which is a virtue to come upon your faith that you could now begin to add that life. Power have to come. We have none except he sent it. Except he promised it. Except he release it. Except he give it. And you have promised it. You shall receive power. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Let Christ's virtue, his knowledge flow out that I'm able to teach those. For God has set in the church, apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors, evangelists, all here we go, there's a deeper part. all for the perfecting and bringing all these virtues into it for that perfection of the coming of the son of God. So what is he saying here? These virtues cannot come into you by revelation. The minister can bring it into you by revelation. He has to have the experience of the virtues. He have to have the experience of the life itself. It has to be alive. Speaking logos. [Applause] It has to be alive speaking fire. Why Peter yet spake these words? Holy Ghost fell upon them. What is happening? See germ from the body. Spirit life coming out of the mouth of another son because Adam was supposed to speak for other sons. And Jesus said you must be born again of the word and the spirit. So we are coming back to that. Oh, glory to God. Do you get it? We are coming back to that. When God give Adam the promise to multiply, replenish, multiply and so on, he was supposed to wait for a further revelation of how to do it of how. Amen. Then the devil came in. Then it come down into sex, but he was supposed to wait for further revelation. Yes. So God gives something you have to wait until it unfolds. Devil come and bring his interpretation and that how we born in sin born of a woman born see hell. So God had to bring Christ to bring a new birth. Amen. To bring word and spirit to bring it back to Adam again. So when God speak the word that's why Jesus breathe upon receive the Holy Ghost. It come back to the mouth again. It come to the mouth of God the word of God. So therefore you come now and you get the word inside your soul. The devil don't believe that it's a secret. God put a seed inside of you. Your spirit might be messed up. Your your flesh might be messed up. But God put a seed inside of you. And then the spirit come now to pour it upon that. And then it start to grow and break out. Then it start to influence your spirit. Start to influence your flesh. It start to influence your walk. Start to influence your talk. And the more you die out is the more this light expands. The more you God have the preeminences. And the more you give up this and give up that, the more you make room is the more that Holy Spirit expands inside of you. Then you become anointed with God. You are in the presence of God. You are living in his presence. You are walking in his presence. You have the joy of the Lord which is your strength. Nobody can throw you off, knock you off, run you off, crack you up, pull you down. You can't. You choose your actions. You make your decisions. You make the right ones regardless. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You're happy to be a Christian and not a cushion. A cushion that stick all kind of thing in it. But you're a Christian. You stand for Christ. You stand for the word. You stand for the spirit. You thank God for your trials. You thank God for your testing. You change your picture. You change your attitude. When the trials come, you say, "Lord, how do I get out of this?" You be seated. Watch, watch, watch, watch this. I don't want to stay too long on this. But when God called the devil walking to and on the earth, he said, "Where you going?" See, up and down, up and down. I'm looking for more mischief to do. He said, "Come check out this man I have here. This man called Job." Job. The devil said, "The reason I touching him because he have a hedge around him." All God people have a hedge. Caught you. Caught you. Didn't know that, right? In case you didn't know, now you know. So whether you think you get yourself out of trouble, you get yourself out of the accident, you get is God put a heads around you? Devil got permission to touch you? He can only watch you and let God. [Applause] So sometime somebody bowl a ball to see if they can bat. Yeah. When the stumps going, you recognize they can't bat. Then go say go into training. That's right. Because that ball coming again. Because God know you're going to make it. God knew in advance his faith was in Job. His seed was in Job. The man born in sin, shape iniquity, have his ups and downs, have his failures. He have a hoy wife. He have all kind of issues around him. But that can't stop the seed in him. So God tell the devil, listen, take a crack. Take your best shot. Do your best. And when this devil finish with him, the man didn't boils. The man look like he have eggs. Nobody I want to go near him. The man scratching and all kind of thing. And the man sit down the skin will destroy my body. Get in my flesh. I shall see God for myself. Another in devil, you are a liar. You ain't going to get me to curse God. [Applause] Like the song said, "I never lost my praise. I lost friends. I lost family. I lost minister's friend. But I never lost my praise. Don't let Satan take your praise. Where was thou when I laid the foundation of the earth? And the morning star sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy. [Applause] Glory. Glory. [Applause] Wonderful. [Applause] Every son that cometh to God must be tested and tried. Amen. Not some sons. Like God favor that one by God doesn't do favors like how humans favor this son and that son and God not in that. Amen. He disciplined Noah, disciplined Moses. He disciplined his sons. All of them. Amen. And if these jokers in this mess, God will discipline them. They're wrong. That's right. Amen. God is pure and he is just. His righteousness demands judgment, but his blood speaks for grace. Amen. Amen. That's why he tell them he said he said Nebuchadnezzar my servant will come and do this that for 70 40 70 years he'll be in Babylon and after 70 years accomplished all you have enough long time while your mother die all your old heads die out and when you come to repentance or what I'll punish the king of Babylon after 70 years so God always take somebody to take you into captivity and you bind and what not and thing like that you you can't get a breakthrough because you're out of you're out of linemen you're out of position As soon as go people start to get back up position line up go angels have to line up with them authorities had to line up with them power everything start to line up for you as soon as you come up in line when your life you want you see you have to have an intent this is the problem a lot of people don't have the intent you have to have an intent to do right an intent to serve God intent to please him you start to please him yet or no you have to have an intent if If you're disrespectful, you have to have an intent to be respectful. So then you're you're pressing your way and you find this getting less and less. And if you're ready, go. We have to cast that spirit out cuz the spirit upon your life God want respects. Demand respects. You be judged for being disrespectful. Whether to husband, to the pastor, to deacon, elder, anybody like that, God demands your respects. He want respects. Oh, hallelujah. Isn't that right? Praise the name of the Lord. So therefore the virtues praise God cannot come in just by talk talk talk like one time somebody said take a breath in wa in come fate virtue take seven deep breaths you get from faith virtue knowledge good lord you wish it was that easy hallelujah says somebody asked him how could you go to this church and that church and that church he said for kindness knowledge know what he Believe no it's in somebody listen if something in somebody's heart you guys in that out with a jackhammer so you spending always always rebuking rebuking it's in their heart if it's in their head a little small talk it fly off but when it's in their heart they trouble said one of the hardest people to conf witness because they legislate them with the knowledge and the intellect but you know where they shake them up supernatural that is just stump the knowledge yesmen So anytime you want to deal with them, you have some supernatural. If it's argument on scripture, they're going down with your Greek, Roman, they going down, they going down, they going, you lost that battle. But you see, when you see supernatural come, battle over, they get shut up. That is what God have to begin to do. Shut them out of the critics by bringing out sons, manifested sons. Are you with me? Amen. Praise God. The church is weak. The church today we are broke up in organization of strife, separation of brotherhood, Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, oneness, trainers, finness, all kind of stuff. Watch. That's the way it's supposed to be. Amen. Amen. Amen. You hear how he brought that? He said it broke up, broke up, broke up. He said, "But the way it's supposed to be." Break up. Break up. Break up. Break up. But watch what watch say next. That's where it's supposed to be. Then then there will come a message. Right. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We know that that same pillar of fire that led Israel, we know that that same ministry that accompanied Jesus Christ by that pillar of fire had him anointed is accompanying the church today. We need the ministry of Jesus Christ to fit the headstone commander. Amen. that brought the church into a place where the ministry exactly like what Jesus had when he left. Not we want it, we need it, we need it. So it has to come to that ministry of Jesus Christ. Number six have to run out. Amen. Oh praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We take a little more. He said now talking about the those those spiritfilled talking about those Pharisees people and Sadduce people. There's something inside with Jesus. But they were loyal and held to the modern creed of their leaders. Now it had Moses teaching about Messiah coming and all those prophecies about Messiah coming. But them was preaching the old pots and pans gospel and they had loyal following. Everybody love the pastor or the priest or the kyifas and little hat on the head and things like that, right? He looking good. He wearing good and so on like that. Kyifers is the man. Watch here this part. But his ministry, I love this part. Was showing up their doctrine. Amen. Hallelujah. They had their doctrine but Jesus ministry begin to expose their doctrine. That's what the ministry of Christ will do. It's a manifestation of Christ's own life. Now they had their creeds. They were great churches, great people, great men, holy men, good men, gentlemen, fine men, oral men, men of honor, educated, smart, religious. Is that right? And we all know that just as good as you can find anywhere. But when Jesus come on, his ministry showed up their doctrine because God was proven by the ministry of Jesus Christ that he was with him. And Peter used these words. He said, "Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you." So what you want to see is man approved of God. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. No doubts, no questions, no wonderings. It is vindicated by God himself. Jesus of Nazareth. A man approved of by God. He says, "All right to know the mechanics, but one of them has the dynamics." He said, "No." He said, "Have a Cadillac." Cadillac have tanks and crankshaft and steering wheel. It pretty, but it it it it cast that it not working. You have a D in the hubs. Look at the rims. Look at the seats. It's leather splash. Look at the dashboard. You say, "Let me go for a spin." But it can't start, you know. So what you have there? Best I borrow a bicycle. You understand what I'm saying? So if a man explain all the word and the mysteries and this mystery deep that that that yeah it looking nice, but could it start? Could it bring on a revival? Could it bring on a super church, a super race? Is is a spirit flowing freely? Could it start? Could that engine tumble? The last day engine tumblers. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Men doing so nothing moving. Hallelujah. Because the battery too weak. That's right. It take it take is he say no other than life could work in this bride. You had to get the right battery to get this engine moving. When you turn the key, you want to hear a rumble. You don't want to know the plugs coming to the wire to the crankshaft and the this and the for the mechanics to do it. All I want to do is to drive. Oh, give the Lord some praises. All you want to do is to [Applause] drive. All of them had the right mechanics, but one of them has the dynamics. See, you might know the mechanics, but it takes dynamics to start off the mechanics to make it work. And no matter how much theology without dynamics, you see, in other words, you've got to have a spark to the gasoline. And no matter how well we are taught, how well we believe, how much of the Bible that we say is true, we believe it all. It's got to be the dynamics to get there, the spark to set the word on fire, to start it rolling. It's got to have that. If you don't, he say the church sit still. The car sit still. You sit still. No matter how much you say, "I sympathize. I believe every word of it." You've got to have something to spark it off. Hallelujah. It's got to take the dynamics with the mechanics. Nothing wrong with the mechanics, but lacking dynamics. And I think that's the matter with the church today is lacking the dynamic power of God to press the word to make it live. Not to explain it more. Not for you to run with more notes on a notepad that you can do nothing with but to make it live. Oh hallelujah. Martin Luther had mechanics and dynamics of his day. John Wesley had them. Pentecostal had them. What about our day? This is another time. The church shall be fully grown now, ready to meet Christ with the manifestation of every blessing that he promised in the Bible. Hallelujah. Operating in that one great body that he promised he would meet the people and be worshiped. So the more we get closer to God is the more worship supposed to be in the church. The more praises, not less praises, more praises, more worship. Hallelujah. The more we come to the coming of the Lord is the more worship. He said, "Then we are worshiping the living Christ, him moving in and out among us." That's the thunders being unfolded. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Could I hear a shout again in the house? Christ ministry, which is Ephesians 4 ministry, will bring to brighter perfection. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. By that seven spirits of God to come upon the word, the pyramid already seated in you in word form. Yes. You already packing the prayer. What do you think inside of you? Is a pyramid inside of you. There's a Bible inside of you. It's a seed inside of you. It's a word inside of you. You only waiting for dynamics. Satan better be careful. He don't know what he messing with. He don't know what he fooling with. Oh, how when God pulled the veil off this bride, he said she will be a super church. She will be a super race as she nears the headstone. No other life could work in her. Nobody could make her do otherwise. It will be Christ himself by and through the bride fulfilling his work because he didn't finish his work while he was on earth. Now by and through the bride. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Brother talk about latter rain. Breine. He said if the latter rain had been here the power of God would have struck that thing and swept across the world. He said the latter rain is fixing to come. Amen. So who claim to have dynamics? Who are dynamics? Who could position the place? They have only have mouth only talk. The latter is fixing to come. Says the devil is coming down in his dynamics through the United Nation to enforce laws. Right now they take this whole thing about uh gays and whatn not to the United Nations and they want to enforce laws concerning transgender rights to the rest of the world. That's right. The devil set up that a long time ago only to come to enforce laws. So it will be legal. It will be illegal not to marry people like that. Man or woman a woman. So the Christians find themselves back against a wall in America and it will be across the world. Who said all of that and prophesied that? But a Brandon prophesied that. He said the people that puff follow the pillar of fire will have a rough time but they'll be ready for the rapture. So if you think we are playing games with any human, we are not because a bigger battle is yet ahead. Oh hallelujah. Those people in England, they voted come out of Euro and next next morning they want to vote to go back in Mosby. They want a revote. People repenting. They they know what they do. They know it's not what they do. Lost $3 trillion. One shot. One shot. just pong gone 30 yellow. You think they're expecting that? Now watch something. It's a worldwide environment. If somebody catch a cold and rest sneeze so you can say I by myself I I alone. I say private pope in this message. Private church is the figure of have a private church and private bride. Yes. Yes. Yes. Private church. Yes. Why ain't going to be that private nonsense? Because only have one body and by one spirit God put you in that body. God could put you in a body and send it to New Zealand and that you still in the body. God can send it to China. No other church in China and you still in the body. Nobody can pull you out the body. You're a son of God. Some of you don't not acting like that, talking like that to talk that talk. Yeah, I know the pressure going through. No, I don't know. Do you want to choose your pressure? Remember, you know article was right. Somebody went back in heaven and said, "Lord, the cross too too big for me today." God said, "Okay, pick pick one." They make they want you the whole room say the big crosses and come back and see a smaller one. Pick it up. You said, "But that the one you just bring. The same one you just bring. You wore smaller cross the smallest cross in the whole room and you complaining. Who are wife complaining about wife? Who husband complain about husband? Who that children complain about children? And oh my goodness, anyone ever complain. God, you got to write the test paper. God know what you have need of. So God just had to drop it on you. Drop it on you. And I am not sorry for you. Forgive me. Not that I'm a hard pastor, but that's the way you go comfort. You're not made character by gifts. You make character by trials and by testings and by tribulations and by pressure. That's what change and transform your life. When you get fed up of being fed up and you really get fed up and you say I can't take it no more, liberty will perish. Then you then you're serious with God. But I'm talking about a time it had a a fan in the west. No. No rain. No rain. And they're begging for water. And a man couldn't take it enough. No. No more. A old man went in the middle of the street. That's right. Raise up behind. He said God I serve you all these years. Send rain. Somebody say run. Yes. Run. Run. Run. Rain coming. You know rain come. Yeah. Yeah. Man come to the end of that. That's when they real fed up. You can't take it no more. You talk to this one. You talk to this one. You're not leaving your burden down by the riverside. You're leaving your burden on people. You're loading on this one. You're loading on that one. You're loading. God, they're hearing from you. The amount of hours you spend talking your business to other people. If you talk that to God, your problem fix up already. But you're uploading this one, you're uploading this one, you're uploading this one, you're uploading this one. And some people, they're like garbage collectors. You back up the garbage truck, all your trash and reason be pressing, but the whole thing just go and you collecting it. You only hearing. You only hearing. [Applause] Then afterwards, you come trashy as what you're hearing. When they come with the garbage truck and keep on moving, keep on moving. Not this street. Not this street. You have no time for that. I'll pray for you. Keep on keep on dumb that somewhere. Go to the dump of that. Go to the dump of that. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. Time some brother come inside church visiting and so he come to me see me in the office and he come to tell me all kind of I say hold it there. Try to open garbage bag and tell me all this and all that. I say, "Hold it right there. Close it back." He didn't make his home church. He's not a I'm not his pastor. You want to open his garbage bag for me to offload? Said no. Close that back gently and go. If he say I'm his pastor, that's different. You understand? I'm saying I'll show him where the dump truck jump dumb place is. But you can't come here and try to offload on me. You know, I go through and I go into this. Is that right? I have responsibility. Am I responsible not to be a dump? Cuz some people like to offload. Just offload. They don't want a solutions, you know. They want somebody to hear them. When they give them the solution, you ask, you know, you're bringing solution. They don't want that. They want somebody to hear. Yeah. Now when you see if we have every ear shut off from that put in your ears that person get bind you know when they cast up here they cast up here they cast up here nobody hearing them they had to walk straight out kind of somewhere else. Oh my I remember service we had there in Ivory Coast but the country said let's make here a millennium. Millennium the devil is b circumstance man the place just roar the faith just ra higher if you see the power of God begin to move. No unbelief. Just let here be a millennium. Now the devil can't use nobody inside of here. And that's how you should want it. Devil can't use you. You become a channel of God. You're thinking right. You're talking right. You're acting right. You're doing right. You're not coming here to look to see what we having this morning. No. Stay home. Don't come here for that. Don't come and look. Come with expectation. Don't come and look to see what kind of service we going to have. No, we we we don't even know what kind of service we going to have because every day is a different day. Every day Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You think I know all we're going to preach? No. Hallelujah. By all I know, God going to be here. Amen. To minister to people. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh my my my my. So therefore, God have to release the ministry of the spirit to bring the people into that perfection. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Brother, a woman engaged to a fine clean man and they come together and she's found pregnant by someone else. Then her own seed is be which is betroth. Her own body is betrod. Her engaged husband is found full of seed of another man. What a disgrace. That's what Adam found. That is what Christ found. They couldn't wait. That's the matter with the people today. Here we go. They can't wait for the real Holy Spirit to take the church in position. Amen. Amen. They have got to manufacture something like speaking in tongues to get more members in the church. All kind of tummy rot instead of waiting upon the Lord for the real manifestation of resurrection of Christ making himself known among the people. They have to have no manufacture of that. But Ram stand up there and say, you know what I'm waiting on? I'm waiting on the angel of the Lord. And he will be talking talking all of a sudden he say he is here. That is no makeup stuff. It is real. Then because he is here, he I take every spirit under my control for the glory of God because he know he have backups. [Applause] He know now the operation change. The devil in subjection. No spirit move till he says so. Amen. Because the angel's on the platform right now and he is doing this now. He's doing this. He's going here. You so and so, you sick with so and so. And notice sometime he said somebody with diabetes, he said everybody with diabetes stand up. Amen. Somebody with high blood pressure. Everybody stand up with the same condition. Everybody stand up and deal with it. Then one time he's dealing with some spirit and I say he's a spirit trying to an expert to ask for help cuz they don't want to leave. So the spirits are them looking for backup too. That's why when you come here worship and praise, the devil have no room to move. You understand those devils want you bound. They want you sick. Don't ever believe sickness is of God and God that God gave you this because you did this and you was wrong and you deserve this. Don't don't don't let fool you with that. You know, healing is the children's bread. You know, I don't care if you're sick for 40 years. Amen. Are you looking hereditary disease that have nothing to do with God? God has healed cancer, tumor, leukemia, all kind of thing. God is a healer. He is a healer. God is a healer. Like he save you. He's a savior. He's a healer, too. In case you didn't know, now you know. People so backed now. They don't even believe God for healing. Don't even believe God for miracles. God is a miracle worker, too. My God, he's a miracle working God. How many can say amen? How many could do with a miracle this morning? Oh, we have believers here this morning. I could do with one. Lord, Hallelujah. Amen. So we become tabernacles of the Holy Spirit which is Christ. That's the real seed. Now then if the real Holy Spirit gets into the real seed of the word, it just won't take part of it because the devil uses that. All right? So the devil use part word. The devil is in this message preaching part of the message. But the bride will take all of the word, not part of the word. Every mystery, every word, the bride will take what the prophet said. Not what would somebody interpret what the prophet said. The bride, the prophet will be speaking the same thing. Hallelujah. The bride, the spirit, and the prophet will be saying the same thing. Oh, hallelujah. Okay. Wow. Hallelujah. This is the part I want to get on into. Amen. Question and answer on the Holy Ghost. The Holy Spirit. You are believing unto eternal life. But when the Holy Spirit comes, it is eternal life. Amen. This is you are begotten of the spirit at sanctification. Amen. But never born of the spirit until the Holy Ghost comes in. Amen. That's correct. Now, he went into natural type to explain what he's saying here. A baby, watch, but never born was born, right? A baby got life in the womb of the mother. But when it breathes, it's its little muscles are quivering. It's a life. But it's a different life when it breathes the breath of life into its nostrils. So when the baby is in the mother's womb, it's a life. The baby is kicking, it's quivering, it's moving and so on. It's not the same life as when it comes on the outside. When it comes on the outside, it's born. Amen. Amen. When it's on the inside, it's begotten. Amen. When it come outside, it is born. When it's on the inside, it's begotten. It's adding foot and legs and eyes and so on. Word on top of word on top of word, that's begotten. All right, let's go further. My dear Methodist brother, pregnant holiness and Nazarene and the baptism of the Holy Ghost is different from sanctification. Sanification is a cleansing which is preparation of life. But when the Holy Ghost comes, it is life. Preparation is cleansing the vessel. Cleaning the vessel, the Holy Ghost is filling the vessel. Sanification means clean and set aside and the Holy Spirit puts it in service. Amen. So you are the vessel that God has cleaned up. Now we find out that the Holy Ghost is God himself in you. God above you pillar of fire with Moses, God with you in Jesus Christ. Now God is in you in the Holy Ghost. Not three gods but God working in three officers. God condescended. When God came down and dwelt in that sanctified body, a virgin born of a woman, that was God himself. You know what God did? He did nothing. He just placed his tent among ours. God dwelt in a tent called Jesus Christ and he pitch his tent with us and that is how God tent was dwell with us. You see when you use the expression that if we do not believe the word that question answers when you use the expression that if we do not believe the word we will be eternally severed from Christ. Do you mean the foolish virgin will live eternally but they will be separate from the new Jerusalem where Christ will dwell with the bride. Here are those who do not have the Holy Spirit. Born again as the scripture speaks of being born again. If the natural birth, here we go, requires water, blood, and spirit. Does not the spiritual birth requires all these three stages of grace before the person is truly born again. He said, "Absolutely. I just explained that this morning. You have got to have all stages." He's going back over again. You are begotten of the spirit like a baby. Begotten in the womb of the mother, but not born until the receive the Holy Ghost. That's right. You are born then. You are not converted. You are in the process of being converted until that time. Now this is the part that's the reason that all these great mysteries could not be given to Luther could not be given to Wesley could not be given to the age just passed by the Pentecostal age why it wasn't time they were begotten amen so what he is saying the Pentecostal birth God pushed that as begotten when Malachi before come because he brought the person of Jesus Christ. When that which is perfect is come, then that which is part is done away with. So watch, you cannot teach no baby in the womb. So the Pentecostal in the womb begotten couldn't get mysteries. So the prophet brought the birth of the word. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. The prophet brought the word so you could come forth now and get the mysteries preached to you. Amen. [Applause] So you are begotten of the blood cell of the word of God. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Then you are sanctified. That's a different life. Isn't that right? Praise God. So the blood is what comes by the word to reveal your name. So that's why the seventh is blood to sanctify you. You are not sanctified. You are not in the message until you're really sanctified. You can't even come to perfection if you're not sanctified because the perfecting of the saints is the sanctified ones. So it means that you have to come to that spot to truly live a sanctified life unto God, a separated life unto God. And your sanctification is proof you receive and believe the blood. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. I wanted to get to this part so bad. Oh, hallelujah. So your sanification is proof that you received the blood message. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said a new heart I will give you. A new spirit I will give you. Then I'll put my spirit in your spirit. Therefore the blood supposed to give you a change. Amen. Towards others towards people. A change in your life. And you're still looking for the his spirit to come in your new spirit because your old spirit is so terrible. Hallelujah. You're so troublesome. You're so misbehaving and bad attitude. That's not Christian. Whether you say amen or not, I'm still preaching it. Whether you like it or not, I still putting it out. I am free. Free. Free. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give the Lord. But there are some saints in the house. I hearing you. Amen. I hear you shout. I hearing you saying hallelujah. Oh, there's going to be a perfecting of the saints. So that seven thunder baby is in you right now. Oh, hallelujah. But charity is the life on the outside to snatch that seven thunder baby that going to anoint you with charity. The spirit is here to anoint that baby inside of you. You're going to be anointed of God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Oh my God. My God. Let me see if I can wrap up here. Hallelujah. Though the whole creation is waiting and groaning for the sons of God in the rise and last days with the power of the Holy Ghost at the end of the age. Not rise with books and tapes, but with the power of the Holy Ghost. Amen. To reveal the secret things to bring it up. But the Brandham said now the coming of the Lord Jesus were close at hand until the spirit from way down here sanctification baptally like Christ. Until Christ and the church unite together and if you live the life of Christ and will act the life of Christ, do the work of Christ. What does that ministry identify? The coming of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Remember, it cannot be taught in any seminary. It's a mystery. You cannot know it by education, by theology. It's a mystery that's been hidden since the foundation of the world, waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Are you want to hear it? It's waiting till the time now all these things be brought coming shaping up the headstone to the manifestation of the sons of God coming back and the spirit of God coming into these men so perfectly. so perfectly until their ministry will be so close like Christ till it will join him and his church together. Amen. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. What man fell from? His inheritance. What's his inheritance? He said sunship to be a son of God. That's inheritance. That's inheritance. Not land and house and car. That not inheritance. Your inheritance is sunship to be a son of God. Not church member. Church members what we have now to join the church they in church we not talking about that inheriting a sunship Satan come out of him go have I s I give it unto you that sunship hallelujah get out of him devil that's sunship hallelujah lay hands upon the sick you don't even have to pray just touch your hands did you hear what I said you don't even have to pray just lay hands on the sick and they shall recover That's sunship. You are anointed with God. Your hands are anointed. Your feet anointed. Paul was so anointed they took cloth over his body and people were healed. Sunship. Imagine brother Brandon and wife on the operating theater. He have a tumor big like a grapeoot and he is speaking before the doctor touches my wife the tumor will go down. He's overseas. He's not in the hospital room. He born outside nervous. Oh gosh. operation. He not biting his nails. Amen. He is going through song barrier. He's going through time space. Distance means nothing. Amen. To the spoken word. The man told Jesus, "I have a servant sick. Just speak the word and my servant shall be healed. I I'm not worthy for you to come into my house." Just speak the word. Word. Word. No. No distance. Your sister could be sick. You could have a condition. some family member somewhere in the hospital, somewhere in America, somewhere wherever. And that that that no distance that word. Oh, I want you to get excited about that word. Excited about your inheritance. Excited about your sunship. Aren't you tired of how you are? Your sunship is your inheritance. Come on, let's take it back. Take it back. Take it back. You don't hear what I'm saying? Take back your sun chair. Take it back. Get it back. [Applause] But I'm talking about bar talk about enforcing the word. He said the Holy Spirit come down as the enforcer. You take my boy, you take my girl, Satan, give it back. You ain't come to that spot yet to say deal with that. Satan, give it back. Give it back. Give it back. After all, he have to give it back because he recognize authority is coming. Authority is coming and power coming through. Before you get into power, you have to come into authority. I'll say it again. Before you come into a power, you have to come into authority. You have to take authority of the name of Jesus. You have to take the authority of your sunship. You don't have power yet. Power come. But your authority to pray in Jesus name. But when power come, you got to use Jesus name. power coming. But we have authority right now. In my name, you shall cast out devils. In my name, heal the sick. In my name, raise the dead. We have We have authority right now in the name of Jesus. [Applause] Every service, we're getting stronger. Not weaker, stronger. All them waiting on us. All them in the grave waiting on us. And I if you hear them talking tonight over the banner sometime they say come on you can make it. They can't do anything. They going on already. They can't pull the up from there. We got to pull them. They without us are not made perfect. We got to raise them up. We got to get to the ministry of Jesus Christ. We got to get to the voice of the archangel. Nobody could turn on that voice. That voice is what called Lazarus from the grave. That voice said Lazarus come forth. Lazarus had to come. Lazarus had no choice. Do you understand what power coming? That's a no choice thing. You know, Lazarus say, "I feel like going home." No, sir. Jesus say, "Lazarus, come forth." Lazarus had a packup shop and turn around. Traveling all them three days. Lazar had to come right back and come right back into his body. Still tied up on the grave clothes on the anointing of grave clothes upon him. And Jesus had to loose him. Loose him. Loose him. Loose him. He come back. He resurrect. He restored. But he tied up. He come back. He resurrect. He restored. But he tied up. Jesus come back. He resurrect. But he's tied up. Loose him and let him go. Loose him. Loose him. Loose him. Oh, get loose inside of here. Loose. Don't just stay tied up. Oh, God. God resurrect you. God quicken you. God restore you. God bring you right back. Loose them. Loose them. Loose them. Oh, give the Lord a [Applause] shout. Oh, glory. I'm almost done. Sorry for giving you so long. But he lost his godship, Adam. He lost his dominion. He lost his sunship. He lost his domain. Satan took it over. But brother, we are waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God who will come back and take it over again. Waiting on the fullness of time. When the pyramid gets to the top, when the full son of God will be manifested with the power of God and will take every power that Satan got away from him. Amen. Then the devil will be like powerless like a bluffer with a bow and no arrow. Hallelujah. Trying to tell you you're in the jail cell and he cannot stop the door. It's already busted open. Because when Jesus died, he went and got the keys from him. He doesn't have the keys of death and hell. He doesn't control the keys of death and hell because Jesus took the keys away from hell. He's a bluffer today. Oh, grace hold this body down. That can't keep me down. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Oh, hallelujah. Jesus, I've got the keys. Glory. What is God waiting for? Here we go. waiting and trying to get to place his church in position to manifest himself getting one he can work through like this and said and say what there is my spirit flowing freely why the ministers don't preach that amen everybody want to talk about the doctrine and the teachings and the revelation and the level of word how high the level of word is that is not there is my spirit flowing freely That is there is your level of word talking freely. But that's not what God waiting to hear. God want to say there is my spirit. After 40 years, we must hear a word word. When we going to have the 15-minute service and the Pentecost, Peter preached for 15 minutes and 3,000 people repented. How much mysteries you could preach in 15 minutes? And everybody's hearing in their own tongue. That's right. That the mystery. That is mystery. How here are we all in our own tongue? Everybody had different tongues and languages. They were all hearing that is supernatural. There's no normal 15inut silment thing. That is that is the mystery. How you could hear ah the voice of God in your spirit in your heart in your life. Get in one. You can say there's my spirit fully free. There it is. I can work here. Get another one over here and place him. I can place him. adoption, placing, manifesting. Give him a ceremony, visit him with an angel, tell him something. Praise God. If he told the truth, if he making up something, it won't work. It won't work. We had, you said, we had plenty of that. I real manifestation of the sons of God. When God manifests himself, he sends him out. And then what he goes forth, what he says is the truth. What he does is the truth. And what he does, he manifest Christ. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And how do you judge him? By the way, by the way, he stays with the word. How will they judge you now? By if? Yeah. Fellowship with that one. Yeah. Yeah. That one. Oh, you don't go to that convention. Oh. Oh. They judge it by everything else but by what the prophet says. How do you judge a man? How you supposed to judge me? By how I stay with the word. That's right. So, if I stay with the word today, I am with the word. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. I don't have to be with nobody else as long be with the word and I'm with everybody else who is with the word. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right. Whoa. Now when these offices and places but Abraham say oh hallelujah. Okay. Oh, we almost done. I got to finish this off cuz this is this is Amen. Amen. Amen. Somebody say go on. But like like they want to back you up on that boy. See, you see, hey, let's go on. Let's go on. Hallelujah. Now watch, watch. What a man from a prophet like unto them to Moses. Hear these words. Watch. Five spiritual offices in the church to set the church in order. Yes sir. Apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelist, pastors. These those are called the offices of God. Then in the local coronation, there are nine spiritual gifts. Now in these offices and places in the offices, you hear from the apostle. his ministry. You hear from the prophet, his ministry, from the evangelist, from the teacher, from the pastor. Each has a separate ministry and their ministries of God. And God has set them in a church for this purpose. Amen. He didn't say somebody come in and take over. He say you're here. Yes. He here. All right. Like some in Africa, somebody say don't go to your pastor. Go to the five-fold. Who's the fivefold? A man picking people and say fivefold. Fivefold. Fivefold. Fivefold. And the fivefold is the men he pick. So they're trying to mess up churches by bringing a nice denomination with papa behind that, pope period behind that. Anybody want to be a pope or not? That's the curse that we have from the very first church age. They take the anointing off the people and put it on a man. They conquer the ley and the ley battered now with a corner and God said I hate it. Amen. He call it the deeds of nicolatan that become a doctrine because God is the god of the audience. He want God back in the people. He want the perfecting of the saints. Not the presentation of ministers. My lord, I I don't my pastor my pastor my pastor not that the ministry pastor teacher is for the perfecting of the saints in order to bring this body into a final close to represent him on the earth. It will be Christ's ministry reproduced. Hallelujah. He presents his army in the form of five officers. Yes sir. He presents his army. Amen. He says, "Pastor, prophet, teachers, evangelists, that's his army. That's his soldiers. That's his commanding officers all with the baptism of the Holy Ghost waiting out there to meet the enemy on any grounds he comes upon to meet the enemy." Each one backing one another up with him. Here we go. The chief captain not out there in front, not up here, not above, not behind, but in them. Amen. That's the army vindicating and vindicating what? His resurrection by the proof of his works. Oh my my my almost done. That's the thing that God will do to his sons here on earth someday. He will call you aside, church. If you'll only obey him and stay on the word and believe it, he will place into the church before the coming of Jesus Christ. He will place into the church all the power that Christ had in him will be in the church. All that God was, he poured into Jesus. All that Jesus was, he pours into the church. God wanted his work done, he sent into his son. The son wanted his work done, he sent into the church at that day. You will know I'm in the father, the father in me, and I in you, and you in me. At that day, because here we go. The same power that was in Jehovah God rested in Jesus Christ. The same power that rested in Jesus Christ rest in placed sons in the body of Christ. Musicians come up please. The same power that rested in Jesus Christ rest in placed sons. He didn't say sons. He said place sons. These are sons that the Holy Spirit reported on. So these sons have been approved by the father after being pushed into their place of trying by the spirit. Oh hallelujah. Listen if God revealed to you that you are in a place of trying you are blessed above all men. Hallelujah. You ought to be qualified to go in the wilderness. People die there. when God should be wilderness about turning will the who? But Jesus was led by the spirit into the wilderness to Amen to be tested. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. I skipped that. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. I'm done. Oh my my my my my. Hallelujah. Praise God. I think I'll read this last quote. This is the last quote I have here and I'm done. Oh, dearly beloved, there's some question answers. Oh, it's a question. Dearly beloved, let's see about the scripture of Ephesians 4:11 through 13. Do we Let's see. Do we all do we get all the perfecting of the saints through the tapes? My god. My god. Amen. Hear this question. Hear this question. Do we get all the perfecting of the saints through the tapes? Or should we be here where the gifts of the spirit are operating and the different offices of the church to help perfect us? Our hearts have believed all the word of the Lord. That's a question presented to the prophet. Now, this person is from Oregon. No, my dear. I believe I know who it is. Yes, I do. I certainly do. If the person is here, I know if they're not, it might be last Sunday. Uh, but your son flies conservation and and so forth. He thinks he's the one inviting me over to elk hunting and so on. Now, no, he said, "No, they want to come here to church for the perfecting." See, that is where we get fellowship one with another here at the church. But the perfecting comes between us and God. The blood of Christ is what perfect us in the Holy Spirit. Oh hallelujah. What an answer. The blood of Christ perfect us in the Holy Spirit. Let's all stand and we want to worship the Lord in song and praise. May the Lord bless you. Continue to pray for us. Pray for the upcoming convention that oh the Holy Spirit will have his wonderful way. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Applause] Welcome. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Blessed be his name. You appreciate the message today. You call unto perfection. Let's sing that chorus. [Music] Are you in the Savior's bride? Oh, come and be into the body and forever more. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the savior? Oh, come and be baptized into the body and forever more. Let's sing a verse. Have you been baptized into the body? Baptized with the Holy Ghost. but one way to enter it just as they did on. Are you in Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's brand? Oh, come and be baptized into the body and forever more. When the bride comes, will you be ready and your [Music] best and bright will be among the foolish virgins. Walk in the light. Are you ready? Are you ready? The church triumphant. Are you in the savior's come into the body and forever more? Just one more time. Who are you in the church? Where are you? Come and be baptized into the body and forever. I've got joy all be glory full of glory and the heart has never let's sing it up joy speak and full of glory Oh, oh, I've got joy. Unspeakable and full of glory and the just and greet somebody. Oh, I have the joy and the joy speak and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. I've got joy unspeakable and full of glory and the heavenly as the brothers get ready to come. Oh, I've got unspeakable satis. is full of control of glory and Come [Music] on. Oh, and the heart has never yet been told. Oh, I've got joy unspeakable and full of glory. It is full. I know it's full. I got joy. Speak of all of the glory and love has never. And it is all over me. and is keeping me alive. Keeping me alive, keeping me alive. It is all over me and is keeping me alive. Oh Jesus. Let's take it up one more time. Oh me and keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. keeping me alive. It is all over me and is keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh, it's the Holy Ghost and power that's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and power that's keeping me alive. Oh Jesus is keeping sounds of all over me. Keeping me alive. I know it's keeping me alive. It is all over me and it's keeping me Jesus. Jesus. Jesus is just one more time. Oh my head is all over me and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It is all keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Give him praise. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, [Applause] Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] I have a longing longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him. Just to be near him, just to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. With every hand raised, I have a longing for Jesus. [Music] Heat. Heat. to feel his presence. Oh, I have a longing in my heart for you. Just for the last time. Oh, I have a long Oh, for [Music] Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him. Oh, just to [Music] be to feel his presence. Oh, I have a longing in my heart for him. Can we give the Lord some worship today in the presence of the Lord? Father, we thank you. We worship you. We bless your holy name. Lord, we thank you for your word. We thank you for your power. We thank you for the blood. We thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy this morning. Oh God, you are worthy. You are worthy this morning. You are worthy of all the praise, worthy of all the glory, worthy of all the thanksgiving. We wouldn't be here without you, Lord. We thank you this morning. Oh, you love the Lord this morning. Amen. You appreciate the message. My my my God bless you, brother Obie. What a labor of love. What a burden. Hallelujah. And every week he's nailing down perfection. He is nailing. He's not moving from there because he is seeing something. And we're not going to move from there because it's a promise and it's going to happen. Can the church say amen? My my what a time to be in the bride. Brother Brandham said it's the happiest time for the believer and it's the worst time for the unbeliever. So we are happy this morning because any day now we're getting out of here. We don't even know if we'll finish our convention. Midway through the convention, the rapture could take place. That's my promise. I believe it in the moment in a twinkling of an eye you could see you are in church and your son come running to the altar that's the season we are living in because when the voice of the archangel speaks something has got to happen can the church say amen so we have some praises and some prayer requests brother and sister Terrence oid would like to give the Lord a high note of praise this morning for 36 years of marriage God bless you. God bless you richly. Congratulations and may God continue to grant you many, many, many, many more years. Amen. From Sister Cynthia sincere, thanking God for answering my prayer for healing my right hand after prayer last week Sunday. What a wonderful experience this was to me. And I give him thanks. God bless you. Amen. Another praise from sister Kangali. Thank God for his healing virtues. My blood pressure is under control. Thank the saints for their prayers. Amen. God bless [Music] you. We do have some prayer requests from Sister Kangley for Marjorie Anderson who is in hospital in the US with a brain tumor. May God's will be done. From Sister Ingred Williams, please pray for my nephew Brian Thomas. He has a court matter on the 29th also for the salvation of his soul and from brother Mundus Nicholas for my sister Myrtle O'Brien for a total deliverance. She's under serious attacks of the enemy and I'm thanking God in advance and if there's any unwritten or unspoken requests you want to show by raise of hands as we go to the throne of grace this morning. Heavenly Father, we thank you this morning for your blood, Lord. We thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy. And Lord, we come this morning bringing these requests before your throne, Lord, for Lord Marjorie Anderson over there in the US with that brain tumor. Lord, may the angel of the Lord Lord visit right now, Father, and touch from the crown of Lord God of her head to the sole of her feet, Father. Lord, we pray for Brian Thomas with that court matter, Lord. And father that for the salvation of his soul and for Myrtle O'Brien Lord for a complete deliverance father and for all over the building Lord on the internet right now where there are people connected live Father we pray that your Holy Spirit would visit each one. We know there is no limitation Lord to you this morning. There's no space, time or distance that you cannot effect this morning. So Father God, may you deliver the captives. May you set your people free. May you heal the sick. May you restore your people in the precious name of Jesus, Lord. And as we prepare to leave this house, but not from your presence, may you be with each one. May you touch each one in the precious name of Jesus Christ. We commit everything into your hands. Amen. And amen. You love the Lord. One more time. Amen. You may be seated for a few announcements.
