################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-08-10 - The Times Of The Restitutions Of All Things - Bro. Theo Ovid, Germany 2016 - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2016-08-10
Title:    The Times Of The Restitutions Of All Things - Bro. Theo Ovid, Germany 2016
Speaker:  Theo Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Convention
Duration: 3h 29m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLkO4ln_yp0
========================================

Description:
This message was preached on August 10, 2016 PM at the International Summer Convention in Germany
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. I am Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Let us stand this evening. Oh, let us worship him. Hallelujah. Lift your hands. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Are you Lord singing holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. [Music] singing holy, holy, holy are you, [Music] Lord. The elders and angels. The redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Singing holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Singing holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Oh, the heavens and angels bow. The redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh, singing holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Oh, the elders and angels by the redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Oh, holy, holy, holy are you, [Music] Lord. Oh, let's praise him this evening. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Father, we thank you. We praise you. Oh, we glorify you with all our hearts tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this evening? Amen. And amen. Let's turn to our Bibles as we want to read portion of scripture in the Psalms. Reading from Psalms chapter 138. Amen. We want to we want to read from Psalms 138 and we want to read from uh we'll read the whole chapter. Amen. Praise God. [Music] Amen. And amen. Are you on expectation tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. Psalms 138 from verse one says, I will praise thee with my whole heart. Before the gods will I sing praise unto thee. I will worship toward thy holy temple and praise thy name for thy loving kindness and for thy truth. For thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name. In the day when I cried, thou answerest me and strengthenest me with strength in my soul. All the kings of the earth shall praise thee, oh Lord, when they hear the words of thy mouth. Yay, they shall sing in the ways of the Lord. For great is the glory of the Lord. Though the Lord be high, yet hath he respect unto the lowly, but the proud he knoweth a far off. Though I walk in the midst of trouble, thou wilt revive me. Thou shalt stretch forth thine hand against the wrath of the mine enemies, and thy right hand shall save me. The Lord will perfect that which concernth me. Thy mercy, oh Lord, endureth forever. Forsake not the works of thine own hands. May God add blessing to the reading of his word. Let us bow our heads as we welcome the Lord in prayer. And I invite you to pray with me this evening. As we welcome the Lord among us, as we know that God will do great things among us. Let's all pray together this this evening. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. And amen. Heavenly Father, we pray tonight, dear God, that your sweet presence, Lord, Father, Lord, that we have felt before, Lord. Lord, how we need you, Lord Father. We need you this hour now more than ever, Lord. We We come for more of you tonight. We pray dear God that your holy spirit would come and abide with us Lord and anoint us as we sing praises unto your name Lord as we lift our hands Lord may the shackles fall off of us Lord may spirits leave us Lord Father may we experience liberty in your spirit dear God tonight we are praying for these things and Lord we pray for your servant as he would come forth to preach the word Lord that you would be with him in a special way help him dear God to get out of the way so that your love would drop down and speak to your people. Bless this service, Lord. Father, we give over everything into your hands, Lord, for your honor and for for your glory. For we ask in Jesus name. Amen and amen and amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Can somebody shout amen? Can somebody give God a praise offering tonight? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Why don't you turn around? Why don't you turn around and greet your brother? Turn around and greet your sister. Give me a key for We are children of the father. We are joint hes with the son. Amen and amen. Jointed oh with the son. Oh well we are the people. Oh of his kingom. Oh and we are family. Oh, we are well. We are children. We are children. Oh, of the father. Oh, and we are jointed. Oh, with the son. Oh, and we are the people. Oh, of his kingdom. Oh, we are family. Oh, we are one. When we are children, we are children. Oh, of the Father. Oh, and we are jointed. Oh, with the Son. Oh, and we are the people. Oh, of his kingdom. Oh, and we are family. Oh, we are one. When we are children, we are children. Oh, of the Father. Oh, and we are jointed. Oh, with the sun. Oh, we are the people. Oh, of his kingdom. Oh, and we are family. Oh, we power. And we are children. We are children. Oh, of the father. Oh, and we are joined. Oh, with the son. Oh, we are the people. Oh, of his kingdom. Oh, and we are family. Oh. Oh. Give the Lord a shout of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, we are the people, oh, of his kingdom. Oh, and we are family. Oh, we are. Oh, and we are children. Oh, we are children. Oh, of the father. Oh, and we are joining. Oh, and the son. Oh, we are the people. Oh, and of his kingdom. Oh, and we are family. Oh, we are. Oh, we're singing. Father, let the fire fall. Oh father, let the fire fall. Oh, let the fire fall. Let the fire fall. Let the Pentecost, the fire, oh singing, Father, let the fire fall. Oh, Father, let the fire fall. Oh, let the fire fall. Let the fire fall. Let the Pentecost, the fire thinging. Fire, fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. Oh fire, fire fire, fire fire fall on me. Oh and as in the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. Oh, as in the day of Pentecost, oh fire, oh fire, fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. Oh fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. Oh, as in the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. Oh, as in the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, can somebody praise him this this evening? Oh, hallelujah. Somebody shout amen. Somebody shout amen. Somebody shout amen. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Well, as the brothers get ready to come with the tithes and the offering. Amen. Give me a key for you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Do you believe that this evening? Amen. And amen and amen. So, as I get ready to bring the tithes and the offerings. Amen. Praise God. No one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen. Let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we pause to bring the ties you offering before you, Lord, and we pray you bless it and use it for the further of your gospel in these lands, Lord. Grant it, Lord. We pray and ask this blessing in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Praise God. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. For you are great to do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one, there is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. You deserve the [Music] gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift Lord we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great and there is no one else like you. Oh there is no Oh no. One more time. Oh you are great. You do miracles so great. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. Oh, for you are great. Oh, you do miracles so great. Oh, there is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh father we praise you Lord. Father we bless your name Lord Jesus. We give you glory Lord. We give you honor Father. Oh somebody shout amen. Oh give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. As you get ready for special this evening, sister Linda and brother uh brother Moses will get ready to come forward. Amen. Give me keep song. Give me oil in my lamp to keep me going, to keep me burning. Amen. Amen. [Music] Give me oil in my life to keep me burning. Oh, give me all in my life. Oh, I pray. Oh, give me all in my life to keep me burning. Well, to keep me burning till the break of day. Oh, and give me all in my life. To keep me burning. Oh, keep me on in my life. Oh, I pray. Oh, keep me on to keep me burning. Oh, to keep me burning till the break of day. Oh, sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of king. Oh, and sing. Hosana. Sing. Hosana. Sing. Hosana to the king. One more time. Give me all in my lap. Well, to keep me burning. Oh, give me all in my lap. Oh, I pray. I pray. Give me all in my life to keep me burning. Oh, keep me burning till the break [Applause] of. Amen. You may be seated. [Music] [Music] Even when my spirit's low and it seems I can hardly go, but still I see victory. And many times I'm walking by faith and I can't see what lies before me. But still I see victory. And I've just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stand and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Because remember, you can't cross the bloodline. [Music] Sometimes our battles get hot and it seems we're fighting a lot. But just remember, we're standing on that rock. So, Satan, if I were you, I'd turn around and I'd give up, too, cuz I do believe that you're going to lose. And I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stand and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross the bloodline. I've just come to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline. Oh no. Because I'm covered by his blood. You may stand. Oh, and you may stand. And you may you're going to lose, but you're going to lose lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, you can't cross the bloodline. You may stand and you may stand and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, you can't cross the bloodline. You must remember you can't cross the bloodline. You must [Music] remember. Come on. You can't cross the bloodline. You must remember. You must remember. You can't cross the bloodline. No. No. No. No. No. You must remember. You can't cross the blood [Music] [Applause] [Music] line. Amen. Amen. You appreciate that tonight. Let's stand and worship the Lord tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Oh. Hallelujah. Amen. You appreciate that song this evening. Hallelujah. Satan, you may stand, you may fight, but you can't cross that bloodline. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Um, praise God. Give me a key. It's coming down. Down, down. It's coming down, down, down. Praise God. It's coming down, down, down. It's coming down. Oh, well, the spirit of the Lord is coming down. Well, as the saints begin to pray for the Lord to have his way, then the spirit of the Lord is coming down. It's coming down. It's coming down. Count down. It's coming down. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord is coming down. When the saints will when the saints begin to pray for the Lord to have his way. Then the spirit of the Lord is coming down. It's coming down. It's coming down. Down. It's coming down. Oh, and the spirit of the Lord is coming down. Oh, and when the saints begin to pray for the Lord to have his will. Well, then the spirit of the Lord is coming down. Oh, it's coming down, down, down. It's coming down. Oh, and the spirit of the Lord is coming down. When the saints well, when the saints begin to pray for the Lord to have his way, then the spirit of the Lord is coming down. Amen and amen. You love the Lord tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Many amen. Praise God. Amen. Well, as we get ready, we would like to call to the platform at this time just for a few moments. Um, we want to call brother Peter Chandler to the platform. Um, so just before he comes, we'll sing another song. Um, and he'll just like to greet the convention just for a few moments. Amen. So, do you love him this this afternoon, this evening? Why don't you turn around? Amen. Why don't you turn around, greet someone one more time as brother Peter Chandler gets ready to come forward. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. And amen. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can sing. I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Well, one of them. Oh, and I'm so glad that I can sing. I'm one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. I'm one of them. Oh, glory. [Music] I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. If you're one of them, can you shout amen? Hallelujah. God bless you. You can be seated. I feel very honored to greet the convention tonight. On behalf of my wife and the church back home, brother Gerard, brother Ben Venu, we feel so glad for these meetings and the reports we've had from even those streaming online have been very wonderful. There's been a unique atmosphere here. And I want to certainly thank our precious brother Sigma Colin Brener for the invitation. And Amen. Can you uh help me to appreciate the labor of love? Hallelujah. Amen. When brother Cornburn asks me how are you, I say blry. Amen. If you don't understand that, you can ask him. Amen. We want to truly appreciate the atmosphere in this convention here. And uh I just wanted to ask you to forgive me just to greet the ministers collectively because the time I will take will be very short. Our friends and brothers and sisters, we just want to say the greatest three words on earth. God bless you. [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Since I've been in these meetings, the the ones I've been able to come to, I've been so greatly moved by the atmosphere. The services I've heard thus far have been tremendous. And I would like to greet you with the great words of David in Psalm 119 and verse 59 which says, "I thought on my ways and I turned my feet unto thy testimonies." David made a great statement there and this is the atmosphere I feel which is a great victory at this time. David was not critical. He was not blaming. He was not uh pointing a finger to anything. He was simply self evaluating. He was self inspecting. He was self auditing and he was bringing to pass a personal manet techin in his life. He was weighing himself in the light of his circumstances. David was saying, "I thought on my ways." He was not pointing at anybody. He was saying, "No, I am looking at me." Accountability. Thank you, brother Puit. He was talking about himself. David decided that he had to talk to himself. And in these meetings, I feel this atmosphere even as Nathan had to talk to David in the one of the many times he had of trouble and Nathan had to force David to think upon his ways. And David would have forgotten perhaps but Nathan gave him a story and David had to reply to that story that man will die but he said you won't die. He was forced to think upon his ways. When we think of our lives we need to ponder what we're doing in this season. I think of Jonah. Jonah had an idea to take the easy way to Tarses, but God wouldn't let him escape. Jonah had to think upon his ways. He had to say, "What's more important? Is it my comfort or is it saving souls?" In Nineveh, we have to think upon our ways. Job had to think upon his ways. Amen. When he went through his trials and battles with his health and the loss of so many things, Jonah said by the time he came to the end of it, he said, "I abore myself. I hate myself." All his thoughts changed as he thought upon his ways. Samson thought upon his ways. He thought he was strong. He thought he could do anything with his strength, but he gave his heart in the wrong place. But when D when Samson came back, he said, "Lord, once more. I've thought about my ways. Once more. Give me that power. Just once more." Jacob had to be left alone. He thought he had the blessing, but there was more blessing to get. And when he was left on his own to wrestle with an angel, Jacob had to think on his ways. And Jacob wrestled until he was changed. Not just blessed, but changed. My mind goes on Peter who in a spirit of enthusiasm said, "Lord, I never deny you." But when Peter was finished in his failure, Peter thought on his ways and he realized truly I need the Lord. And as we ponder in this season now, even our ways, we start to say, Lord, I have no issue with anybody. I have no enemies anywhere. My biggest enemy is myself. I want to think on my ways. Paul was another one who had to think on his ways. He called himself the Pharisee of the Pharisees. But when he thought on his ways, he thought, "How did I miss Jesus Christ in the scripture?" And Paul had to just realize no, he had to surrender everything he ever knew to really give himself over to the Lord, our precious prophet, William Brandham. In a moment of stress, in a moment of pressure, he even told something that was not true. But he came back to the Lord and said, "Forgive me." And he thought on his ways. And the Lord says, "Don't even pray for that baby until you put everything right." He put everything right in his life and in his prayer and so forth. And things became well. Even our prophet had to think on his ways. As we ponder these things, brother Connor Bernard, this is how I feel in this meeting. The ministry has been so sincere. And indeed, friends, we have to be even more sincere to bind the mamba. We have to think on my my ways. I've got to think on my ways. You have to think on your ways. And we realize according to one Corinthians 7, time is short. We're living at the very breaking of the rapture. May God continue to bless this wonderful convention. I thank God for the atmosphere here. I've been touched. People have contacted me and said they've been so moved to tears by the atmosphere of this convention. Thank you, brother Conor Brena, for your burden for the bride of Jesus Christ. Thank every minister. God bless you richly. Shalom. Amen. You appreciate that this evening. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, brother Peter Chandler. Amen. You may stand at this time also. And you can just give me a key for you are alpha and omega. Amen. There were just a couple of things I had to read here before um the speaker comes on tonight. And uh Amen. Let's just bow our heads now. Amen. There are three prayer requests we just want to bring before the Lord before the speaker comes. And uh uh we want to pray quickly for just for Daniela Cavalieri. Um Simeony Cavalieri and uh Samuel Cav Cavilleri all from Italy. They are having a stomach trouble. Uh we would like to pray for them at this time. Amen. Every head bowed, every eye closed. All gracious and heavenly father, we pray dear God, father for these prayer requests Lord that have come before us. We pray that you touch these three Lord that have sent in their requests Lord Father not feeling well, sick in the body. Lord we pray anointing sweep by and touch them Lord and heal them oh God father in the name of Jesus. We feel your presence all around us. Lord, bless us in this place there God tonight. Lord, we be careful to give you all the praise, all the honor, all the glory as you grant us these prayer requests in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Give me the Lord a hand of praise. Can we give the Lord a hand clap? Amen. Why don't you turn around and greet each other just one more time? One more time. Turn around. Greet your brother. Greet your sister. Amen. As we get ready to change the order of the service, you are our father and [Music] omega. We worship you our Lord. You are worthy to be praised. You are alpha. You are [Music] alpha and o make us. We worship you our Lord. You are worthy to be praised. We give you all. We give you all the gloryy. We worship you our Lord. You are worthy to be praised. We give you all. We give you all. All the glory we worship you our Lord. You are worthy to be praised. You are alpha. Oh, you are ala and omega. We worship you our Lord. You are worthy to be praised. We give you all the glory. We give you all the glory. We worship you our Lord. Oh, you are worthy to be. Oh, we give you all the glory. We give you all the glory. We worship you our Lord. Oh, you are worthy to one more time. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. With all your heart. We give you all the glory. Oh, we worship you. We worship. We worship you, Lord. Oh, you are worthy to be praised. Let's give him praise and worship now. [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, let him hear your praises. Let him hear your praises. Let him hear your praises. We give you all the glory. We worship you alone. You are worthy to be praised. Praise God for the blood. Thank God for the lamb. Oh, praise God. Let us bow our heads for a word of prayer. Almighty God, we thank you for your presence and the divine love and the opportunity to be here today. Lord, your prophet when he was on earth, he said this is the best time that we have now. It going to get worse and worse and worse. Father, the prophet Isaiah told us that gross darkness will cover the earth and gross darkness the people, but you promise light in the evening time. Help us, dear God. We are living in dreadful times. But we ask that your Holy Spirit will come down in a special way and minister to us and meet our every need and help us. Help your sons and daughters. Help those ministers of the gospels, those shepherds, Lord, and that struggling with the sheep with the responsibility and accountability at the as the time is at hand. God, honor your word among us this morning, this night. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And amen. You may be seated. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. But we bring greetings tonight. uh from the headstone tabernacle Trinidad. Bring greetings to you in Jesus name. I want to thank brother Zigma's family and church for this invitation to be here. I want to greet also the fellow ministers, fellow laborers in the gospel of Jesus Christ. I want to appreciate all the ministers that has spoke before. Brother Biscll, brother Puit, brother Conte, brother Isaac, brother Hildebrandt. God bless you all in your time of labor. I want to thank brother Ziggma for the courage to do what he has done. And I, you know, brother Bram taught us to look to see a man's motive and objective to see what he's trying to achieve if he's trying to do something for the kingdom of God. And I believe that is what it's all about. So sad today to see men establishing themselves, their kingdom, the empire and and so on. But friends, all this power play and empire building and stuff is just temporary because the train is in the block and the train picks up people along the way and exit others along the way. But the Brandham exited its train in 1965 and that train continues on this Rapture Express as a Rapture Express to glory. And we don't know if this is the last meeting we going to ever have. We don't know what tomorrow holds. And I try to approach the puddle pit what I'm saying as if this is my last service, as if this is my last sermon. What I'm going to tell God's people that's who you are. You are God's people. Sometime you don't know who you are and take something to reveal to you who you are. I don't want to know well she didn't know she was a daughter of God. She didn't know she was a child of God. She didn't know her name was in the book. But Jesus took time off to come her way. And he didn't want to talk about all what she did. He wanted to show her there was a seed inside of her that was more important than all what she did. And if she could get a revelation of what was inside of her, what God put inside of her, it'll make a whole difference alto together and change her very life. So this evening I have this message as a tribute to Malachi 4. This is uh what I have this evening uh upon my heart and I want you all to stand and we want to go into the scriptures. But this message is dedicated to the testimony and life a tribute to William Marian Brand of Malachi 4 Elijah prophet. And the scriptures we have this evening is Matthew chapter 17 reading from verse 8 to 12 and Acts chapter 3 reading from verse 12 to 21. The title of the message is the times of the restitution of all things. That's the title. The times of the restitution of all things. And I have an inspiration. I will restore saith the Lord. Reading Matthew chapter 17, reading from verse 8. This is after Jesus was adopted on the mountain. And when Peter got an anointing to try to build three tabernacles, the voice had to shut him up and tell him to do nobody with that. And then they had lifted up their eyes. They saw no man save Jesus only. And as they came down the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, "Tell the vision to no man until the Son of Man be risen again from the dead. And the disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come? And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come and restore all things. But I say unto you, that Elas is come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him, whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the son of man suffer of them. Acts chapter 3, we want to read from verse 12. This is after Peter raised the man up that was crippled at the gate called beautiful. And the people was looking at Peter. And then Peter, this is verse 12. And then Peter saw it. He answered unto the people, ye men of Israel, why marvey at this? or why look so earnestly on us as though by our own power or holiness we have made this man to walk. The God of Abraham and of Isaac and of Jacob, the God of our fathers had glorified his son Jesus whom you delivered up and denied him in the presence of Pilate when he was determined to let him go. But he denied the holy one and the just, and desired a murderer to be granted unto you, and killed the prince of life, whom God had raised from the dead, whereof we are witnesses. And his name, true faith in his name, had made this man strong, whom you see and know. Yay, the faith which is by him had given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all. And now, brethren, I what that through ignorance he did it, as did also your rulers. But those things which God before had showed by the mouth of all his prophets, that Christ should suffer, he had so fulfilled. Repent ye therefore and be converted that your sins may be blotted out when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord. And he shall send Jesus Christ which before was preached unto you. And this is where I get my thought from. whom the heaven must receive until the times of the restitution of all things which God had spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began. Let's bow our heads with a prayer. Kind father, I pray that your holy spirit will come down in a special way. May your pillar of fire drop on my shoulder and speak lip to air to your people. You promise once more the world will hear direct from God. Speak to our hearts. We are such a needy people. Father, help us, edify us, build us, strengthen us, inspire us, anoint us, pour out upon us, confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. Praise God. Brother Brandham from five identifications. He said you cannot organize a kingdom of which Christ is the head. You cannot denominate a kingdom which Christ is the head because Christ is king and you cannot take the intellectuals of man and make an organization to which Christ will govern. Therefore, any companies, any peoples, any groups of men that tries to organize the kingdom of God is going contrary to the king. And if they're going contrary to the king, it would be against the king. And if it's against the king, it will be Antichrist. Now, that's pretty rough. Antichrist spirit tries to take a people and call them from organization to organization, organizing them together, which never was the will of God. People has always fussed at me because I struck so hard at organizations. It isn't the people in there that I'm striking at. It's that dominating spirit that makes the people think we are the people. God's people is a called out people. I believe they are in every denomination. They could be Catholic. They could be Protestant. That was that time. In this time, it could be disinterpretation, that interpretation, that group, that country. It doesn't matter. They could be Jewish. There could be kind of what kind of church but the real church here we go is the mystical body of Jesus Christ and you cannot organize the mystical body of Jesus Christ by inspiration by doctrine by teaching you still can't do it because it's a mystery it's the mystical body of Jesus Christ and by one spirit we are baptized into that one body Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And once you go into that body, nobody could take you out. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. God's church is free. God church is bound by no boundaries. Every human being on earth belongs to him. Whether he is Catholic, Protestant, whatever he is, God seek those with an honest heart and we are saved by faith. Believe in him. Now you see the church is not an organization. I people ask he asked are you a Christian? Answer I'm a Baptist. That don't answer the question at all. Are you a Christian? I am Pentecost. That don't answer the question. If you are a Christian, you are a born again creature, you are a mystic kingdom of God, your eyes are not on the things of this world but on the things above. And that is the church. It is not an organization. It can never be an organization. This is the prophet. Take me on record. The church of the living God can never be any certain group. I want to say it again. The church, I'm not talking about your church. I am talking about the church of the living God. Jesus said, "Upon this rock, I will build my church and the gates of hell can't prevail against it." There is going to be a church, hallelujah, universal, international, governed by God, ruled by God, not message popes or bishops or potentiates and powers. Oh, hallelujah. A people that God has called out. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. So, I say they take me on record. The church of the living God can never be any certain group. I don't care what that group teaches, what doctrine they have. It cannot be a certain group. It cannot be I have it, you don't have it. It cannot be this group here have the angel and this group don't have the angel. It cannot be this group is right and this is wrong. No, it's one spirit, one spirit, one Lord, one baptism, one God, one Elijah, one message. You may be seated. Restitution. The word it means the act of restoring to the rightful owner something that has been taken away, lost or surrendered. It also means a return to or restoration of a previous state or position. That's what the word restitution means. restoring to the rightful owner. Hallelujah. Now, brother in the south southeastern church age, I want to bring a backdrop here. He was speaking about Martin Luther was not the only one protesting the Catholic Church. There were others. God time was ripe for a definite move of the restoration of the church to an outpouring of the Holy Ghost at a later date. Watch. They had the written word but not the revealed word. This was the reformation period. God was about to take the church out from the depth of Satan of the dark ages into the depth of God. So God was doing a work to bring the church back because the heaven must receive Jesus until the restitution or the restoration of all things. So based upon this scripture, I am convinced that all things that has to be restored, all what the canker worm, all what the caterpillar, all what the locust, all what has been broken up, messed up in this message, God said I will restore. He didn't even ask you if you interested in restoration. It's not about you. It is his word. He said, He said, he said, I going to restore. Oh, I feel good tonight. That the restoration is on. The move for the bride is on. Hallelujah. Glory to God. From Lou Church, Brother Brham. Now watch the seventh eighth messenger. He's a prophet. Not only do we see this messenger coming here in Revelation 10:7, but we find the word speaks of Elijah before Jesus returns. And brother Brandon read the scripture. We read and the disciples ask him, "Why say the scribe, Elias must first come?" Because the teachers and the preachers, they preaching this. Elias must first come and watch and restore all things before the coming of our Lord. Elijah must come back for a work of restoration of the church. Then he quote Malachi 4 scripture. Scripture we familiar with. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the hearts of the children to their fathers. Least I come and smite the earth with a curse. There is absolutely no doubt Elijah must return before the coming of Jesus. He has a specific work to accomplish. That work is in Malachi 4:6 that says he will turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers. So that's job. That's his job description. He didn't come for us to have message churches all over the world. He didn't come for us to give out books and tapes. He came specifically to turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of the fathers. So every book, every tape, every message, the objective of that is to turn your heart to turn our hearts back to the faith, not church. The faith, not a faith. The faith. There is only one faith. Let's continue. Amen. Loud and change. Now, this messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelation 10:7 is going to do two things. Yes, sir. Amen. [Applause] Not 50 things, not a 100 things, two things. One, according to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. Two, he will reveal the mysteries of the seven thunders of Revelation 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. It will be It will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that would literally Yes, sir. Literally, literal more. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Literally turn the hearts of the children back to the father. Amen. Exactly. So the prophet for the last age, here we go, must be bringing a message from God that will foreign the second coming of the Lord. Yes, sir. for his message will with the heart of the throne return back to the Pentecostal fathers. Here we go. Are you ready? And with the restoration of the word will come restoration the restoration of power. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. May be seated. Remember the Pentecostal received dynamics, but it didn't produce the fruit of restoration because they didn't have the word. So you can receive spirit without word. Hallelujah. They had gifts. They had signs and wonders. Yes sir. They had miracles. But they couldn't go on to adoption which is what brother Brham come to introduce. [Music] Amen. He came to introduce the age of adoption because this restoration is to return us back to Eden. This restoration is to turn us back to what Adam had. And Adam had the book. Adam had the book. But when Adam fell, he lost it. And that book went in the hands of the original owner. Yes, sir. So this is Genesis here. This is Adam losing the book here. And the book stays up there until the end of time. A Elijah messenger coming here to wait for the book. A mighty angel have to take the book, bring down the book, open the book for you to see your name. You may be seated. So I can't share with you just Bible stuff or or just you know information about the Pope about Time magazine about what happened in America or or Venus and Mars and the constellation and and Pluto means this and and this one and what could it be this and could it be this? I'm not here with could it be Abraham didn't come with could it be he come with thus sayeth the Lord. Hallelujah. Listen to what the Bible said. Behold, I send you Elijah before the great and terrible day of the Lord, and he shall turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of the fathers. Oh, hallelujah. I say unto you, Elias is already come. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I say unto you, he has already come and he has done his job. So the restoration of the word means the restoration of the power. Before Elijah could come to his message, he had to tab the loose ends. That's what he said. The Malachi 4, Elijah, the seventh angel had no certain message, but his job was to tab the loose ends. So he said Elijah prophet had to open six seals because Christ was the seventh seal. Malachi 4, a son of man could only open six seals because Christ himself was the seventh seal. So Elijah come and tap the loose to talk about the pope and Catholic church and all these different kind of things. That's what he did. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. When he finished, he's ready for his message, which was the seventh seal. The first three seals history. Fourth seal is prophecy. Fifth seal is souls under the altar. Six seals in judgment. Where are you at? Hallelujah. So God take a bride, listen and slip her under the seven seal. Silence only for half an hour. Half an hour is fixed. Only half an hour, but that silence is about to be broken. Amen. And we will see the contents of what was under that seventh seal. Oh, hallelujah. Praise be to Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. So, let's continue. The age started off in the 20th century as it was the age but as it was to be the age in which the true church would return to being the bride she was at Pentecost. We know that there must be necessarily a return to dynamic power. We know that we have to go back to dynamic power. That's that's the promise. Watch the believers sensed this in their spirits and began crying to God for a new outpouring in the first century. What seemed to be the answer came as many began to speak in tongues and manifest gifts of the spirit. It was then believed that this was indeed the long awaited restoration. It was not for here we go. The latter rain can only come after the former rain which is the spring or teaching rain. The latter rain is the harvest rain. How could this be the real thing when the teaching rain had not come? The prophet messenger who was to be sent to teach the people and turn the hearts of the children back to Pentecostal fathers had not yet come. Thus what was thought to be the restoration. Here it is. Here it is. Here it is. What was thought to be the restoration and the final quickening unto the rapture had not come. In it was a mixture of the unrighteous partaking of spiritual blessing and manifesting in the Holy Ghost. It is also devil power as men were under the controls of devils yet no one seemed to realize it. Then to prove it was not real. These people second generation organized and wrote on scriptural doctrines. Here we go. And build their own fences as every other group ahead have done. And this is what doctrine does. It builds fences instead of bridges. It build walls. We believe this so we can fellowship with you. We believe this so I can come to your convention. We believe this. That's what doctrine does. It build walls. And God promised to send some rain. And that rain going to fall so much the ducks will begin to swim and they're going to raise above every wall. I will restore sayeth the Lord. Not by might, not by power, but by my spirit. Sayeth the Lord God Almighty. Hallelujah. Glory. So then Joel 2 said, "All the floor shall be full of wheat. Fat shall overflow with wine and oil." Oh, this is a prophecy. All the time was barren. All the time was hardship. But God said, "The fat shall overflow, and the wine will overflow. And I will restore to you the years. The locust had eaten, the candle worm, the caterpillar, and palmer, my great am I send among you, and you shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord your God that I dress want to sleep with you, and my people shall never be ashamed." Now, it says God is going to restore. The Lutheran church did not restore. It started reformation. The Wesian age did not restore. The Pentecostal age did not restore. But God has to restore. This is not the resurrection of the church. It is the restoration. God, here we go. Will take the church right back to Pentecost. I believe that. Do you believe that? Hallelujah. Praise be to Jesus. Now, watch. Remember Malachi 4, the message cometh before the terrible of the Lord. He said all denominations and creeds eat it down. God said, "I will restore it again in the last days and it will be restored." Here we go. God shall send the Holy Ghost in such a way. Note, he did not say God shall shall send doctrines and teachings in such a way. No, he did not say that. We have a lot of doctrines and teachings. He did not say that. He said God will send the Holy Ghost in such a way upon planted word that will restore. What's the secret? The word is in the bride. That's the secret. That was always the secret. God was always putting the word in the bride by books, by tips, by preachers, by messages. The word coming into the bride because the mystery of God come down from God as the word of God. So as you receive the word, you receive the mystery. I am not hearing you. I will say it again. The mystery of God comes down from God as the word of God. So as you receive the word, you receive the mystery and Christ is the mystery. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord some praises. And we will always know when people get revelation. You see when it's just intellectual, shake your head, do like that. Amen. Glory. But when revelation breaks, it brings stimulation. You see, revelation is whine. Revelations make you stagger. Revelation make you shout. You can't cross your leg with revelation. That's that's no revelation. That is no revelation whatsoever. But once you get revelation, when Jesus told that woman, go call your husband, she said, I have none, but the one he said you want to live with is not yours. And when Jesus finished with her and said, "I am he," she ran. She couldn't walk. Okay, Jesus. Okay. Thank you, Jesus. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. She couldn't do that. She began to run. Come see a man. Come see a man. Come see a man. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. But you know what wrong in this message? The Bible said knowledge shall increase. Knowledge shall increase. It's so much of books. It's so much that tapes. It's so much information that people don't get in the spirit. But when John got in the spirit, Bible said John said I was in the spirit and suddenly a door open from heaven. When John when they get in the spirit and that's what the worship is for. That's why the devil hate worship. People intellectual want information writing down notes. Throw your note cards aside. Forget about the notes. You don't need to note. You don't need to write nothing down. You need to worship. Honor, glory, might, power, dominion unto the Lamb [Applause] forever. Feel like dancing now. Feel like dancing now. My God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Yes, sir. May be seated. Praise God. My Lord, when when when Peter told that man he was lame. Silver and gold have I none. That's the faith, you know. It didn't say and Peter was walking the gate called beautiful and he hand him a book and say read that. It didn't say play a tape. Listen to that. No, that wasn't the faith. The faith was silver and gold. But I don't have I don't have that. But I've got something such as I have. I could release it. I could give it. Yes. Yes. I could give it. Rise up and walk in the name of Jesus Christ. That's the faith. And you know what that man begin to do? He begin to jump and leap and praise God. Maybe you never sin enough. Maybe you never was down in hell. Maybe you never was in trouble enough to begin to praise and thank your God. One of one of the sickest thing to see is ministers that don't want to worship. That's one of the sickest things to see. Ministers that can't praise God and can't worship and can't thank God. You get trouble in heaven. You get trouble across there. You know about raptoring condition. You may be seated. The astronauts what brother Isaac was talking about before they go up there they have to rehearse down here. They have to go in the atmosphere of where they are going. And if you want to go to heaven if you want to go to up there you have to rehearse down here. Thousands time thousands. Amen. Angels worship the four beasts. Worship living creatures worship the elders worship. Angels worship. Hallelujah. You can't expect to go over yonder without any atmosphere. Even the disciples have to wait for an atmosphere. They were in the upper room creating atmosphere because Holy Ghost can't come on dry. Holy Ghost can't come on dry. They were praising God continually. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hal. They were praising God continually. They were praising God. If it don't feel like it, praise God. Your hand don't want to go up, push it up. Say hallelujah. Praise. Glory to God. I'm not hearing you. I'm not hearing you. I'm not hearing you. I want to hear [Music] you. Let me be seated. Amen. How you going to sing the song of the redeemed thou has redeemed us by thy blood. A holy ghost fil man John he wept because no man was found worthy. Angel was worthy but he needed a man a kings man. All of a sudden out of eternity the lamb stepped forward and took the book not for himself nor for his wife. He took the book and he begin to release that book and begin to break the seals. And John say all in heaven, all on the earth. All John start to go in different dimensions. His voice, his worship, his praise start to break in different dimensions. All on the earth. All under the earth. heard. I praise God when the lamb took the book because we shall reign on the earth. Amen. Hallelujah. [Applause] Wow. You believe that all those believers up there want to stay up there? That is not their promise. Their promise is back to the earth. And if we have to reign up there, we have to demonstrate it down here. That's why God put Adam to control the beast of the field and everything else. And to show the book has been restored, God led brother Brandham to face a killer bull out in the field. He got his gun is a killer bull. The bull had a reputation. It's not a a waving bull. It's a killer bull. That's right. And brother Brandon fought him caught found himself caught in that field dealing with this killer bull. And he says something came over him. It wasn't doctrine came over him. It wasn't a teaching came over him. No, something came over him. It was love. It was the spirit of God. Something came over him. Something. This something is what we talking about. Though I know all mysteries, though I understand all mysteries, though I have all knowledge, though I give my body to be burned, I could know new name mystery, seven thunder, mystery, mystery of the trump, mystery, the vile, the plagues, the woes, every mystery, hidden mystery, written hidden mystery, all kind of mystery. If I don't have the love of God, I am nothing. It will take perfect love to go across there. Glory to God. You may be seated. And I have news for you. The killer bull is not found in church. You don't find the killable getting in a seat in church. No, you find the killer on the outside. So what you come to church for is to equip you to deal with what is on the outside. God going to have a powerful bride. A bride going to be restored back just like the day of Pentecost. An original bride. There were cowards in the upper room. But notice what happened when the Holy Ghost came. Peter slammed the door open. Hallelujah. My God. They can't wait to get outside. They can't wait to testify. You know why? Jesus said, "You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you and you shall be witnesses unto me." Amen. So when the Holy Ghost came, it brought witnessing power. Power to declare God, present tense. Oh, glory to God. So you stand there and say, "Peter, you're cursed." That's right. You deny Christ. That's right. But I have something you don't have. Because I just come out the upper room. So you can talk about me all that you please. I will talk about you on my knees because my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Let the redeemed say so. Oh, glory to God. Let the redeemed say so. God will send the Holy Ghost in such a way. You see the prophet say you could get enough Holy Ghost to say I'm saved and if I surrender now you can get more Holy Ghost until signs and wonders till God begin to come out your very body. That's the power of virtue because you see brother Brandham restored back. Wow. He released the spirit of prophecy. Isn't that right? We have received the testimony of Jesus which is the spirit of prophecy. Isn't that right? What brother Brandon brought was a prophetic vision. Many ministers and many people haven't caught that. He brought an actual vision. The vision is what makes the difference. The vision gives you an oversight, a complete picture. And the vision means a restoration of the ministry of Jesus Christ. Not man ministry, this brother ministry, that brother ministry. We're not talking about that. We had it for 50 years. We want the ministry of Jesus Christ. Oh, could we get a shout in the house? That's the promise. The prophetic vision identifies the restoration of the ministry of Jesus Christ amongst the people. When Baram says the world will hear direct from God. He said, "How shall we know it's the voice of God? Back then it wasn't a vindicated prophet. How shall we know the voice of God today? It will be a manifestation of the prophet's word. So we are supposed to say this is that that the prophet William Brandham spake of not what we speak what the prophet spoke. That's what Peter did. This is that the prophet Joel. Yes sir. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Listen friends, we are promised a seven thunder revival. You may be seated. He said the bride hadn't had a revival yet. It will take those seven thunders to wake her up again. It will take amen. Amen. Who said that? Brother Brandham said that. You thought a man from somewhere else said that. No. The prophet said seven dolls give faith. I didn't say that. He said say what the tape say. He said the seven dolls will gather the bride together. That's not my words. That's his words. He said the seven thunder will show the right how to prepare. That's not my word. That's his word. He said wait till them seven thunders utter them voices to that group. They're going to shut the heaven. They could open the heavens. Oh yes. Heaven could open up tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. heaven could open up tonight. Those are not my words. Those are his words. Oh my. Praise God. What has to be restored? Amen. What was lost to begin with? Brother preach. When Adam lost his life, he lost his inheritance in life because he had supreme control of the earth. He was a god of the earth, small G. God was the god of the universe, big G, and everywhere. But his son had the earth under his control. He could speak, he could name, he could say, he could stop nature, he could do anything he wanted to. Let's go back to the bull. When B say bull go and slide down there, that was Adam again having power over the beast of the field. Amen. So that has been vindicated. Amen. Hallelujah. So Adam just not only lost his life, he lost his inheritance in life. So when Adam when Adam fell and he tried to access the power, he saw something on the screen mark access denied. Access denied all the time. I am yet free access but now access denied. Angels guard the tree of life. Adam escorted out of the garden of Eden. That was in the beginning. But in this last day, angel escorting the bride back to Eden. You're getting full access. Did you get that? The same works I do shall you do also. That's full access if you shall say to the mountain be moved and don't doubt. That's full access. The bride going to have full access to all what Jesus had. Hallelujah. So Adam lost his inheritance. Brother adoption. Somebody has to leave you something to inherit it. Is that right? An inheritance do we have? What inheritance did I have? I didn't have any. But God left me an inheritance when he put my name on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. You say, "Now wait a minute, brother. Jesus did that when he died for me." No, he never. Jesus come to purchase that inheritance from me. Read the next verse. In whom we obtain an inheritance being predestinated according to his own goodwill. Look, predestinated us unto his inheritance. If I'm a right inheritance of something, if God is knocking on my heart and say, "William Brandham, I called you a long time ago before the foundation of the world to preach the gospel. I have an inheritance, an inheritance of eternal life. God sent Jesus to make that inheritance real to me because there was nothing I could inherit it. It was blank. But Jesus the lamb slain. Here we go. From the foundation of the world, his blood was shed that I may go to my inheritance to be what? What inheritance? To sunship. To be a son of God. To be a son of God. Not not what we are right now. This is fallen man. Son of God is attribute sons of his spirit. That way son of God is Jesus Christ. So he came to call other sons that didn't even know they were sons. Peter come. John come. James come. He was calling them. They didn't know what they were being called unto, but he was calling them. He was calling them to positionally place them for a manifest manifestation. God called you not just to sit on on a church bench, not to sit into church. God called you to be a manifested son. There you may be seated. The five-fold ministry is temporary. You know, I hear so much about fivefold and fivefold and fivefold and who in the fold, who not in the fold, and everything else. But that five-fold ministry is until we all come. Hallelujah. To the unity of the faith, to the knowledge of the son of God, unto a perfect man. In other words, you going to know who you are. You're going to know where you come from. You're going to know where you're going. Then afterwards, they don't know man to teach you. Afterwards, all the ministers going to edify the body because you will come into a perfect realization of where you come from and where you're going. You'll be in a state of perfection. What man you need over your life? What man do you need to rule you? When you come into that perfect oneness with God. So what man lost was his sunship, his inheritance. That's what the book is all about. So it's not a difficult message. Ministers sometime make it complex. Not God in complexity. It's God in simplicity. That book held the mystery of our names. That book held the mystery of our inheritance. All was sealed up in that book. Oh my. Watch. This may just choke you. But did you know that that men that are sons of God are amateur gods? How many knows that? Watch. They were gods. They had full domain, dominion over the world. He gave them dominion over all things. He lost his godship. He lost his sunship. He lost his domain. And Satan took it over. But brother, here what we're waiting for. We are waiting for the manifestation of the sons of I love that. You are waiting for for conventions and churches and groups and so on and notices of what we have. No, no, no. You're waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Who are they? They are around the world. Did you hear that? They are around the world. So if somebody think they are the only pebble on the beach, something is wrong. I am the only man of the man of the hour. Forget about it. Forget about it. Get next to yourself, brother. Brother Brandham said God could only find one man in the day of Elijah. One man. But because here we go. Because it's harvest time, he has to find many men. Because it's harvest time. So we don't need less men. We need more men. We need more sons. We need more preachers. We need more sent ones. We need more anointed man of God. Hallelujah. We need men that heard from God that will go to the angel and take the book and eat the book and prophesy from the book. [Applause] But see, it's hard to deal with that that way. You see, because we gone through 2,000 of the national years. So, what people know is church pastors and preachers and people teaching Bible night stories and whatnot. The Bible was a sealed book until brother Brandham come. All the years people preaching, they were preaching from the book was sealed. It took a prophet to unseal it. That's where we get our message from. A book that has been unsealed. The mighty angel brought down the book. Not closed. It brought down the book open. That means all seven seals were ripped off. Down come the angel with the book open. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The book is on the earth. [Applause] Adam is on the earth. The sons of God are coming back. The sons of God are coming back. The sons of God are coming back. Amen. Amen. Brother, he demonstrated what we have for the journey on our way to the rapture. He demonstrated it. Son, come out and shine four days. Power over the element before the doctors and touches my wife the tumor will go down. Spoken word healing. Sister hearty right. I give you your boys. Spoken word salvation. He demonstrated little fishy. I give you back your life. Resurrection power. He demon. Listen. This is already vindicated. Lord. We don't need nobody to say it is. It's wonder if it's so. It has already been vindicated. That's a vindication. The book has been restored. I will restore. So what Barra did, he restored the bride to the full word, the token by prophecy. Hallelujah. Elijah already, you know, human be sees it. It come like a computer program. The program is written. It just waiting to press run at the appointed time. You just click and everything begin to unfold out of that program. When Adam was when Adam was in the earth, God was so pleased to get somebody to talk to, somebody to fellowship with. God was so happy, so pleased. Brother Ziggma, at last he had a son expressed in his image and likeness. Every evening come down with cool in the evening, talk to his son, Adam, how was your day? Father, it's so good. I shifted this mountain 30 to this way. And I sent that river 10 miles down to the left. Adam was having a great time shifting things around and moving things around and naming things around, having power over this and power over that. And God say, "It's not good for you to be alone, man. You need somebody with you. I'm going to get a wife for you. I'm going to get a bride for you. I'm going to pull something out of you, man." And God put him to sleep. He put silence. He put him in silence. And for half an hour, just making a type. And afterwards, he pulled something out of there. And when Adam saw her, he said, "You are flesh of my flesh. You are bone of my bone. You shall be called woman because you would take me out of man." Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. What a beautiful picture in the Garden of Eden. I let I want you to notice that man fell. It wasn't a boy he put in the Garden of Eden. He put a man and the man fell. So God said, "I'm going to reboot. I'm going to reboot this whole system. I'm going to bring babe. I'm going to bring on something called the process of character development. Because I don't need no test to get what he got. I don't need no trial to get what he got. God just give him and place him and it didn't work. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a shout. God just placed him and it did not work. That man fell. So God say, "You know what? I'm going to reboot. I'm going to bring a babe. I'm going to bring testing. I'm going to bring child, the child of your faith. I'm going to bring testing to give you character. Character is not a gift. Character is a victory. So I'm going to send you process." So here come Jesus. Here come Jesus. Holy Ghost fell on him. Full anointing fell on him. And immediately, first phase, first move, first thing, print some business cards to say, "I am Jesus." No, no business cards yet. First thing was to send him into the wilderness to overcome the lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, pride of life. In other words, send him in the wilderness to overcome himself. Before God could give you power over others and other things, you must have power over yourself. I think that worth repeating. I think that worth repeating. That's why God not releasing power just like that because it's trouble. If it's so much trouble, no. Much as if God give people power, they might speak others out of existence. They will do a politics. This one don't like this one. This one not fellowship with this one. This one can't talk to this one. It will be trouble. So God can't do that. He No. No. You got to forgive me tonight. I'm I'm jumping all over. You may be seated. Jesus called his disciples. Peter, come. John, come. He didn't say, "Peter, bring some of your friends and bring them. let them come. So Peter have a group, a clique coming with him. No, Jesus called this one, that one, that one, that one. Whether they talking to each other or like each other, that has nothing to do with it. Amen. Christ called all of them. They had to work it out. Fight it out. Battle it out. But they are all called of God. And that's the respects we must have for men that are called of God. Cuz no man didn't call me and no man can't uncall me. I want to say it again. No man didn't call me and they can't take the calling off of me and they can't take the calling off of you. So forget it. Don't even think about it. What I am called to do, I've got to do it. Praise God. I'm anointed to do, I've got to do it. I can only preach with the measure that God give me. Oh, hallelujah. That's all I have. All I have is my sling. Hallelujah. And what God gives me, that's what I'm going to use. Oh, praise God. So, we are waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Listen, who would come back and take it over again? Waiting. Here we go. For the fullness of time. When the pyramid gets to the top, when the full sons of God will be manifested. When what? The pyramid comes to the top. And on top there, as far as I remember, is brotherly kindness, which is spirit of forgiveness. And brotherly kindness is a killer. And I love what God has done. He put brotherly kindness in the right spot because God know you're going to have feuds and quarrels and fusses. And God will see if you, not them, not the other one. If you will drop your OS, if you will forgive, if you will overcome by the spirit of forgiveness by putting yourself in your brother's place on the matter. So people talk about faith and they have faith and have faith but faith is based upon forgiveness. So if there's no forgiveness, what faith you talking about? Not even faith. I pray for a headache. So it has to be the spirit of forgiveness that brings out the faith in someone. Oh my. Even if you are right and they are wrong, are you willing to take wrong for Christ's sake and forgive and have that honey and have that brotherly kindness because it got to be it got to be. That's what God put for our age. Our age is not books and tapes and to manifest. If that we win already we we we have arrived. We had to hold up our book as a token for the age. We have a spoken book. Max spoke book. Sorry. It got to be brotherly kindness across our chest. It's got to be the life for this age. Do you believe that? So, brother Brandham says, "Waiting for the fullness of time when the pyramid will get to the top when the full sons of God will manifest it when the power of God will walk out and take every power that Satan got away from him." Notice some feast of the trumpets. Revelation 10:1-7. All the mysteries are to be revealed to the bride by the messenger of the lavishian churches. All not some. All all. Not somebody else have to come and get a re. No. All has to be revealed by the prophet of Malachi 4. It's in the books. It's in the tapes. But all has been revealed. There is no eighth messenger. There is no next messenger. Hallelujah. There is only one messenger. That's Elijah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And his message is what foruns the second coming of the Lord from the seventh seal brotherham. He said notice here we go for the end of time message. This seal talking about the seventh seal for the end time of message. This seal he revealed all six seals but don't say nothing about the seventh. And the end time seal, that's what he called the seventh seal. The end time seal. When it starts starts, it's a total secret according to the Bible. Total secret. At the end of the seven angels message, all the mysteries of God will be known. We are at the end time. The opening of the seventh seal. So the seventh seal, that seal with silence under it, that's the end time seal. That's where we are at the opening of the seventh seal. He said when it started silence now that was in Jessville 24th of March 1963. Brother Brandham speaking and guide. This is after he preached statue of perfect man. The night was the guide. He said now the holy spirit always speaks his word. I've got many things to tell you. You cannot understand it now but when he comes he will guide you through it. Here we go. That's the reason the coming of the seals at the finishing. Now then he said when it starts it starts in silence. Now listen to his words. Amen. At the finishing of the seventh seal. Yes sir. The mystery of God should be finished to know who God is, what he is, how he lives, his nature, his being. You are supposed to be all the way up there. By that time, he's referring to the statue of a perfect man. He was saying at the finishing of the seven shield, you're supposed to have faith, virtue, knowledge, temper. That's supposed to be in you by that time. You're supposed to be way up the way by that time to see bring us into the full stature of sons and daughters of God. Oh hallelujah. From unveiling of God. Brothers and sisters, are you catching it? Those seven seas will be broke. The full thing will come into view. What took place all along? The hour of the seventh angel's message. All the mysteries of God should be made known in that Elijah. How and then he's revealing this Christ is put out of his church. How he's revealed a son of man again. How the church is to be put in order for the last day. There we go. No creed, no denomination, just the word living in the individual. I will take one. I would leave one. No strings, no denominations, no binding. is the heart and God alone. No group, no club, no grouping, no camp, nothing like that. Just sons of God on the earth. Hallelujah. The word living. The word living. The word living. That is what God promised. I'm almost finished this part here. Remember the seventh seal is the end time of all things. The things written in the seven sealed book. It is the end. It's the end of struggling world. It's the end of struggling nature. It's the end of the trumpets. It's the end of the vials. It's the end of the earth. It even ends time. Time runs out. Now when the angel came down, the angel swore time shall be no more. We are about to break from time into eternity. That angel already swore that we are on borrow time. And one of the brothers I think is a pur one of them said there is no way out. Think about a biscll. And that struck me in a way like it never struck me before. You can't pay your way out of this. Amen. You can't dig down and put some house under the ground out of this. You can't hide from this. Ready or not, it's coming. There's only one way. That's up. What's coming up on the earth, nothing could stop it. Oh, glory to God. The judgment's already set. Nothing could stop it. Hallelujah. This Seven Thunder Raptor Express train is stopping at Hessenhoff. Praise God. We on our way to the rapture. Oh, glory to God. Get on board. Get on board. Get on board. Hallelujah. Yes. One day this same train have a few more stops and one day the last passenger going to get on the train. There'll be no more stations to stop at. No. Him that is filthy be filthy still. Him that is righteous going to be righteous still. No more stopping. the final name in the book going to be redeemed. Oh, glory to God. He redeemed your soul. He redeemed your spirit. Now he's about to redeem your body by a baptism of fire. Oh, glory to God. We are going to leave here. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Time shall be no more. Everything runs out the end of this seventh seal. Hallelujah. Brother Abraham said redemption is in two parts coming out of going into and Ephesians parallel the book of Joshua and he said now in God rich mercy now then we find out we have come to another Ephesians another Ephesians now where our intellectual denomination and so forth all our educational programs has come to its Jordan. We must have an Ephesians again. We must have an Exodus to come out and go into the rapture. Now listen to this because this is a hidden mystery. The Bible only talk about seven ages up to Laudisha. But the br introduced a hidden mystery of a age called the bride age or the horned age or the eagle age or the age that there's going to be another Ephesians. What is he talking about? Let's find out. So the church world to this day come along, played its part, but there is coming a time where it must cease. It must do it. There has got to be an Ephesians of this journey. There has got to come an Ephesians, an Ephesus of this journey. Yes, sir. We are promised. Here we go. Are you ready? Amen. According to Revelation 10, according to Luke 17:30, there has got to come an Ephesians to this. Who could reveal that? Who could show us that? It take a prophet to come to prophesy. That we could expect not a Corinthians, not a Galatians, not a Hebrews, but an Ephesians. You will see why. Watch. There must come an Ephesians to this. There is promise friends that these sevenfold mysteries of the word of God must be unfolded and it's in this laudicia that this takes place. So therefore we Luther couldn't get to it. Wesley couldn't get to it but now in the last days we are given to understanding by the word that we are going to understand it because it will come in Ephesians age to it. So our Ephesians age will bring clarity to the word. But Abraham had to shout and he said, "I wish I had the voice of the archangel to bring it to a place where you could see it." So we are promised the voice of the archangel to drop down to bring clarity to the vision that the prophet brought. Habac said, "Write the vision and make the vision plain." The brother of Brandon brought a prophetic vision that a faithful ministry was supposed to make plain to the people. [Applause] So friends, we don't have our own message. Write the vision and make it plain that he that read it may run. It may have an effect upon your life. Hallelujah. So he said you're going to you're going to you're going to have it. When he comes in the scene to prove, watch there had been many men raised up and the time of Malachi and Matthew 400 years had been great men. There was no prophet talking about John the Baptist and to prove he was that Ephesians made manifest. John announced it. So Jesus but call him the Ephesians made manifest was Jesus Christ. He was the word manifested itself. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. And this is brother Brandon here in paradox. He said how do you do sir? We are strangers to each other. I don't know you both of us. He says, "Now it would be a paradox for something to happen to know what was wrong with you or something you had done or something you ought not to have done." He said, "I cannot know it. It would have to be a paradox cuz there was no way for anyone to know that outside of some revelation of the unseen." That's right. So, here we go. So that the audience, not a show, but they might see. Here we go. That the Ephesus is here. And this is the thing that bridges between denomination and glory land. He promised it. So in discernment, Bram says not for sure but to prove that the Ephesus is here. Uh this is the thing that bridges between denomination and glory land. So before we go to glory land, we have to cross a bridge called Ephesians. You see in Ephesians there's only one Lord. There's only one faith. There's only one baptism. In Ephesians, husband love their wives. In Ephesians, children listen to their parents. In Ephesians, you put on the whole armor of God. In Ephesians, you are predestinated unto adoption. In Ephesians, there's the five-fold ministry. In Ephesians, it's your perfection. In Ephesians, you're no longer strangers or pilgrims, but you are fellow citizens. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And Moses only take them up to the promised land. But Joshua took them over. And Joshua is Ephesians. So to fight for ministry, you have to take the bride into Ephesians. Yes, sir. Oh my. Okay, let me just go a little further here now. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Jesus in Luke 21:24 says, "And they shall fall by the edge of the sword that shall led away captive unto nations and Jerusalem shall be trodden down by the Gentiles until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled." Friends, the Gentiles, what Abraham says, doesn't have a loted time. He said the time of the Gentile is a mystery. All the Bible speaks about is the times of the Gentiles and it also speak about until the fullness of the Gentiles come in. But the Revelation chapter 7, I believe it is seven angels uh angel angel arrive from the east having the seal of the living God to seal the 144,000 going to the Jews. But before God returned to the Jews, he have to close off the Gentile dispos dispensation. Where are we at tonight when the seal of God is about to go across to the Jews? There's got to be a sealing for the Gentile bride. There's got to be a closing time out for the Gentiles. Brother Brandham, he says Romans 11:25, I'll read a scripture. I would not, brethren, be ignorant of this mystery, least he be wise in your own conceits that blindness in part is happen to Israel until the fullness of the Gentiles come in. Now from recognizing today's message, brother Bam, the seventh angel's message is to open the mystery of the seals calling the 11th hour gentile workers to receive the same pay the first hour workers got. That was the purpose to come back to same pay, same signs, same wonders, same life, same power. That is the promise. That's the purpose of the seals going open up to go back. You see, before we go to rapture, we had to go back. They were adopted, but rapture time wasn't yet. So, they went into the ground. We can't go forward without going back. That's why he said the prophet was to go back and pick up the faith. Then we could go forward. Amen. For rapturing faith, rapturing condition, we have to pick up the faith that they had. And the faith that they had wasn't debates and arguments and discussion on doctrine. That wasn't the faith that they had. that a genuine power that was permanent and resident. Oh, give the Lord some praises. It wasn't temporary power. It was permanent residing power, virtue power. Hallelujah. Glorious power, apostolic power. They had power. They received power. Jesus promised them power and they had it. This bride will have nothing less than that. Oh, hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout. Say what? There was a dark age that blocked them out. Then in the middle of the age, Luther Wesley and there's been an evening time message to receive the same thing. The even time message is to restore back again or bring back the same thing. Oh brother, give me a church full of the Holy Ghost. God will do in one year what all theology fails to do in 2,000 years. You wait till the anointing of the church strike home. After the doors of the Gentile is closed. Amen. God will anoint the church. Then him that is filthy be filthy still. Him that is righteous be righteous still. Him is holy, be holy still. What all is coming upon us. And I picked it a picture being snapped. You're caught filthy and snapped. And that's the picture. Freeze right there. You're caught righteous. Freeze right there. Righteous still. Filthy still. Holy still. Go just take a picture and that. That's it. Whatever condition you're caught in, that's it. What are we living in? Daniel Baron say he wasn't a gentile. He wasn't a gentile, but he saw the gentile age rise and fall. He wasn't a gentile, but he saw the gentile dispensation from start to finish from the head of gold end up to the feet of iron and clay. And he said Daniel was reading what the same words we're reading this morning. And he took words from Jeremiah the prophet. And Daniel began to realize it's just two more years left to get out. And he set himself in order to pray. And brother Bram says and I pray love brother Zigma inspiration about praying God if there ever was a time we ought to set ourselves to pray as we his true servants we see by letters of the apostle by the warnings of the Holy Spirit in the last days the Holy Spirit speaks that in the last days men shall be heady highminded lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God we understand that there'll come scuffers in the last days I understand nation shall be against nation I understand women will bub their head off and wear short clothes and high he shoes. I understand moral will be so low in the last days. I understand preachers will be false shepherds in the last days that will compromise will not feed the people the word of God. Go after creeds and things instead. But I understand there'll be a voice come in the last days crying out to go back to the original message back to the things of God. I understand here we go that there will be a famine. The churches will be so organized like they are today in this message that in the last days there'll come a famine. It will not be for bread and water only but for the hearing of the true word of God. He's not talking about books and tapes that have tons of that. So he's not talking about that. He's talking about hearing the true word of God. And people will go from the east to the west north south to hear the true word of God. And they are so organized and tightened up that they will fail to hear it. I understand by book. I understand that that will take place just before the spirit leaves the gentile church to return to the Jews. Hallelujah. Are you with me? Could we take a little more tonight? Almost through. The law failed. Moses failed. Joshua took over. And the Holy Spirit will come into the church. This is the promise. Not men, not organization, he says, but the Holy Spirit will get among the people and make her ready to go up and cross Jordan. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Do you believe that? Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So God blinded Israel purposely but Abraham says for you and I. They cannot see because God blinded them to finish the transgression. God cut them off purposely and blinded their eyes so we could get a chance to see and give us an opportunity and we walk around like we are somebody. Paul tell them here take heed. How you do that? Take heed. For if God spared not the natural branch, how will he have any more mercy on the wild branch? And we walk around say, I'm Presbyterian. I am Methodist. I am Baptist. I am Pentecostal. That don't mean nothing to God. You have got to be born again by the Holy Spirit. Oh Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book till the time of the end. Seal it up till the time of the end. Close up the words and seal the book. What did he do? He sealed up the vision and prophecy. But Abraham said that now the Gentiles wasn't loted any time. He just said the time of the Gentiles. And we find out that Jesus didn't even lock them a time. Oh my. Hallelujah. For Jerusalem shall be dred down of the Gentiles until the time of the Gentile be fulfilled. Then there is a lot of time, but nobody knows when it will be. It's a mystery. Remember in the time of the persecution there will be millions of Gentiles will die. That rejected bride, the remnant of the woman's seed, the sleeping virgin. Many places but say millions will die. Oh hallelujah. Praise God. You know what Daniel saw right? A stone cut out without the hands of man. Man it not going to bring in that stone. That stone came out without the hands of man. And Boram said, "What happened at that time?" He said, "Daniel's he watched the gentile age until the stone out of the mountain that wasn't cut with hands. They never put a capstone pyramid." So he's tying it in with a capstone now. Ah, are we getting somewhere? But Ram tying it with a capstone to close off the age. We're looking for power. We're looking for a capstone. We're looking for dynamics. But here's all together. He said, "Watch." He said, "Now the stone, they never put a capstone on that pyramid. It wasn't cut up by man's hand. It's God's hand that cut that stone." What did it do? It hit the image right smack in the feet and broke it up to pieces. What happened at that time? The coming of that stone up when the church into glory at the rapture caused it ended the gentile dispensation. God ended it up with the coming of that stone. So the coming of dynamics to the mechanics, the coming of the capstone that going to end the gentile dispensation. The baptism of the Holy Ghost with gifts cannot move the bride. It will take charity. It will take dynamics. It will take the power. It will take Christ the person of the Holy Ghost himself. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. He Christ is that stone. He he watch and the church calls the strength of the headstone run through the church like a magnet. And the headstone is the Holy Ghost. What the headstone is? It's the Holy Ghost. And every one of us that have the here we go. the magnetism of the Holy Ghost. When that stone strike the image, it will flee to it and will be taken back into glory. So, you have to have something in you that the Holy Ghost could connect with. He didn't say what doctrine you have. He said the magnetism of the Holy Ghost, it's got to be in you. When that big magnet begin to sweep over the world, it must pick you up because you are magnetized. Hallelujah. With the magnetism of the Holy Ghost. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hal that magnet is coming down. That magnet coming down to you, pick you up. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Brother Brandham, he is the dynamics of the mechanics. The mechanics of the church. What is it? apostles, prophets, teachers. Five for ministry becomes God mechanics on earth. And he could work that mechanics because God couldn't use the Pentecostal because we're just spirit upon men flesh. But God changes operations. He said, "I'm going to use the word in men." So he put the word in men and men become a channel of God that the fire of God could flow through them. Adoption time. I don't have the quote fit or says where you could say there is my spirit flowing freely. Not doctrine, not teaching. We had teachings for years, mechanics for years, explanation for years, testimonies for years. He He's not talking about that. Talking about a man so died out. A channel of pipe of God, a channel of communication for inspiration to flow through, fire coming out the man's mouth. How Peter spake these words. Holy Ghost falling upon them that heard the word. What happened? Peter is in the body. He's a channel of God. He's a branch of God connected to the vine of God producing the fruit of God being glorified God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. My Lord. My Lord. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Wow. Now the spirit, the dynamics of the promised word to get into his church and drive them to Calvary yonder until the rapture. There you are. So before you go into the rapture, there's a cross. See, it's so quiet to get the cross. Super church, super race. Everybody on fire and so on. But the dynamics going to drive you. You have got to die. I don't care how long in the message. I don't care how much books you have, how much you're going to die. You're all going to die. Drive us to Calvary. Oh, hallelujah. And then into the rapture. A man is permitted to travel so far, but is a separating line between life and death he must never cross. You can go on with a little foolishness for a while, but you better know where that line is. Did the Lord ever check you on anything? Pull you up on anything? Say that's far enough. Oh, hallelujah. You better be careful. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. So God never did God use a group. Every time any group organized, God left it. Praise God. Therefore during the reformation they come reform reformers as the 7c prove we find in the scripture in Malachi 4 this feast of the trumpets that there is to be an anointing come down to restore again the original faith to bring faith to the people to the original Pentecostal that anointing have to come down and I believe that the age has come now where the miraculous the phenomenal the baptism of the spirit the power the signs the wonders this great pouring out of God's spirit in the last days. That's the thing that will bring faith into the people that will take a rapture in faith and take the church into the glory. So we could cry, we could sigh, we could sing. That's not what the prophet said. He said this is the thing. The Holy Spirit, the spirit have to begin to move. The spirit have to begin to fall. This is what God promised. All I could preach is promises. This message is a message of promises. I didn't come to bring my feelings to you. I didn't come to bring a dream to you. I come to bring a dossier of the Lord. Promise from a 20th century prophet to you. You see, even if you don't see it the way we it said, it still doesn't change what he said. Oh, hallelujah. Question. Okay. Wow. question and answers. If the church is saved, even though she doesn't go to the rapture, and I believe you taught she must go through the tribulation for purifying, what about these that are dead? How will they be purified? The bride don't need no purification. She's already purified. Those that are dead back there, they never receive the light that this church up here has received. They live by justification and sanctification like that. They live to the light that they had. Maybe in a way they suffered whatever they went through with their persecutions. Here we go. But now in this rapturing time like this, there will have to come a time now that this bride that reject the head part of the bride. Now he's talking about the church. He's talking about the church in this message that reject the head part of the bride. Listen, listen. In this rapturing time, there will come a time that the bride that reject the head part of the bride will have to suffer for her rejection because the gospel wasn't made plain back there like it being made plain to you. You see it so plain. You have had all these years examples. The sea is open. The church age is laid out. everything else. It's so plain, you can't miss it. So then if you fully reject it, there's only one thing to do, suffer for it. So after the bride is raptured, will any of the foolish virgin be saved or will they be lost? No. Everything will be finished for the Gentile church when the bride is taken off the earth. The spirit of God leaves the earth. He that is filthy be filthy still. He that is righteous is righteous still. He that is holy is holy still. In other words, the sanctuary becomes smokeoky. The attorney stands to plead a case. Christ leaves the sanctuary. His day of material work is over. The rapture comes and there is no more material work. Christ comes to claim his material work. Now just wait a minute. Will the foolish virgin be saved? No. Whatever happens now after that she will have to go through the tribulation period and this is the bomb and the reason of it is because she has rejected the atonement in its fullness. Now this is very important. These words are very important. He didn't say that she rejected the atonement. No, she rejected the atonement in its fullness. Let's continue. She is a professed believer, but she will have to go through the tribulation period. Brother recognizing Ya's message talking about Moses and Elijah same condition. He said debt doesn't do anything to a man but change his dwelling place. Debt doesn't change your nature. Doesn't change your It doesn't change your fate. It doesn't change nothing in you but your dwelling place. So which way your nature is this morning, if you're a doubt of God's word, you won't be a would be a doubt over there. I don't care if holy you are, how you live, how good you live, it wouldn't change you one bit to die just your dwelling place. And if you can't accept the whole word of God, the way it is written, you wouldn't do it over there. Don't worry, you won't be there. You have got to accept it in its fullness, in the power of its vindication and the revelation of what it is. Then you become part of it. You have to accept it in its fullness. In its vindication and its revelation, then you are part of it. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Let's continue. Feast of the trumpets. It's the end time. The great day of the Lord is at hand. The feast of the Messiah. Now in Revelation 11 talking about Moses and Elijah calling Israel out of Jewish tradition just as the seventh angel's message called the bride out of Pentecostal tradition. Moses and Elijah is to call Israel out of the old atonement of lamb and sheep unto the real living sacrifice to the word. And the seventh angel's message under the same trumpet, same every same seal is to call the people the bride. Here we go. Out of the Pentecostal world tradition to the genuine atonement, the word Christ impersonated in his word, made flesh among us. Amen. Now, here we go. He's repeating himself. The same as those two prophets did. Remember the gentile bride is to have a prophet called Elias. Elijah to call them out of their tradition the bride just the same as these prophets called the Jews out of Judaism to Christ the atonement. And the Gentiles here we go the Gentiles already knows the atonement. So the atonement is not the issue. That's why I told you note he used the word fullness of the atonement. The atonement is not the issue. He say it is to call the bride back to the original atonement. That's the difference. All the Pentecost know Jesus died for my sins. Christ is the atonement. He's not talking about that. He's talking about the original atonement back to the day of Pentecost. Hallelujah. The fullness of the atonement. Speaking about the bride she spitt from the church, from the church body. They cut her off. spitting from a master. Just like Joseph was spitting from the brethren because he was the word. Jesus was spitting from the brethren because he was the word. The church is spitten. The bride is spitten from the church. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. From invisible union and the bride, he said, you remember the grain begin to ripen. You find before the grain can ripen, everything in the stalk has to be dead. Can't you see where you're standing? Life is in the grain again. The same word sucked up these come through here up to our head and all the life. Oh, I love this. All the life, not teachings, not doctrines. All the life that come through here picked up its people. So the life of Paul, Arinus, Martin, Columbus, Luther, the life, you see that magnet coming over to pick up its people. Oh, glory to God. What they picking up for for the rapture? Oh, hallelujah. It is forming into a head for the rapture. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. And Bram is praying here. May there come forth a revival of the just and a great power come among the church just before it's going. It's not too hard to pray that because we promise that we are looking for that for that third pull that we know will do great things among us. Well, he's talking about a great power, a great revival, a revival of the just. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. So, this restitution, I'm almost done. This restitution, the act of restoring to the rightful owner what has been taken away. And brother Ram said if a man lost his inheritance and a squatter come on his land he could not hold it any longer until 50 years. After 50 years a jubilee came by and the year of jubilee when the year of jubilee come everything went back to the original the beginning at the beginning all slaves they went back to the original beginning. If a man was hoing in the field and the trumpet sung and he heard it, he threw down his hoe and say, "I'm no more a slave. I'm going back to my family. Everything that he had had to be given back." Oh, praise God. Do you believe that? Now, if some individual lost inheritance that was given to them by God, there come a year called the Jubilee year. Isn't that right? And in this Jubilee, every man that lost his inheritance, he was a freeborn, a trueblooded Israelite. No matter, listen, no matter who held the possession. It had to come back to him. He had to go free. He didn't have to pay a thing. He just had to stop what he was doing and go back to his inheritance. Listen, he has a right to it. It was a God-given right because by grace he has inherited it and it would be given to his fathers and hanging on year after year. No matter what taking place, if he lost it, he must go free. It meant grace has provided a way for each individual to return to their rightful inheritance. And the Jubilee was God's manner of expressing grace to his people for restoring or bringing back one to their rightful condition. So when you can't make it through, God have a jubilee year just for you. Brother Brandham said the power of God was taken back to the original 50th day, the year of Jubilee when all things went back. Are you ready? Amen. For the prophecy. Are you ready for the prophecy? There will come another year of jubilee. Oh, hallelujah. Listen to this. Watch. And we have had it. If you notice, Pentecost has been failing in America for 50 years. And about 50 years, Pentecost begin to fall. Now, what's happening? The church is receiving the seven seal book of the revelation of Jesus Christ. And not one ten of them can receive it. But hear the prophecy. But when you see, you begin to see the year of Jubilee where you don't have to fuss and strain and pull. But we already secured in Christ. We already have the baptism in the name of Jesus. All the mysteries have been revealed. We are going to bring the seven seas and prove that it has been received from the eyes of the people. Oh, glory to God. I'm almost done. So what God promised that his grace that's why when the headstone come it will come with shoutings of grace not your works people try to beat people into it legislate people into it doctrine them into it and it's the grace of God think about it now think about it this book have something called redemptive rights not wants rights you have a right to be healed you have a right to be delivered when the lamb took the book he took the book from for you so you have a right to access the power of God. You have a right for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You have a right for re revival. That's your right. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, praise God. I'm almost done. Music, come up, please. Jesus in John 4 told the woman. The woman said, "Our fathers worship in this mountain, and ye say, Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship." And Jesus said unto the woman, "Believe me, the hour come when you shall need in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem worship the Father. Ye worship, you know not what we know what we worship for salvation of the Jews." The hour come, and now is, when the true worshipper shall worship the Father in spirit and the truth. For the Father seeketh such to work, worship him. God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Oh, glory to God. So when Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. When John when John took the when when the lamb took the book and John begin to rejoice and shout. Oh, praise God. But Abraham says, he said, now watch. Hallelujah. From 8 from the 8 to the 14th verse, he says it was the lamb to be worshiped both in heaven and earth. He said from the 8th verse to the 14th verse, angels worship him, elders worship him, living creatures worship him, John worship him so much till he say every creature in heaven and earth under the earth worship and and blessing God. the worship time for the king lamb. Are we going to have that kind of time? You got to get a revelation of your name in the book. Notice, notice, notice all this talk about seven seals. Boram says when John saw his name, John begin to shout and worship. Have you seen your name? Because when you see your name, you're going to have to shout and worship. May the Lord bless you. There is Jesus. Listen. He has to remain until everything be restored. Eve have to be restored. Power have to be restored. Perfection have to be restored. And a Pentecostal bride have to be restored. Another Ephesians restored. The power in the church restored. May the Lord bless you. Many man. Let's stand. Oh hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a shout of praise this evening. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, do you appreciate the message? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Many amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Many men. Glory to God. Amen. Why don't you turn around? Greet your brother. Turn around. Greet your sister. Oh, we're going to sing. This is the year of jubilee. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, this is the year well of jubilee. Oh well, and the lame shall walk and the blind shall see. And the Lord, oh shall set the captive free. This is the year of jubile. Oh, I feel like dancing. This is the year. Oh, of jubilee. Of jubilee. When the lame shall walk and the blind shall see and the Lord oh shall set the captive free. This is the year of jubile. Oh, this is the year. This is the year. Oh, of jubilee. Of jubilee. And the lame shall walk and the blind shall see. And the Lord oh shall set the captive free. This is the year of juber. Oh this is the year. This is the year. Oh, of Jubilee. of Jubilee. Where? When the lame shall walk and the blind shall see and the Lord Amen for the C shall set the captive free. This is the year of Jub. Oh well. This is the year. This is the year. Oh, of Jubilee. Oh yes, Lord. When the lame shall oh and the blind shall see and the Lord oh shall set the captive free. This is the year of Juba. Oh this is the year. This is the year I've been set free. Oh Lord. Oh and the lame shall walk and the blind shall see. and the Lord. Oh, shall set the captive free. This is the year of J. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Give him a shout. Oh, give him a shout. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, Lord. Oh, shall set the captive free. This is the year of Juke. Oh, one more time. This is the year. Oh, of Jubilee. Of Jubilee. Oh, and the live shall walk. Oh, and the blind shall see. And the Lord, oh shall set the captive free. This is the year of Jubilee. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise this evening. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. What a message this evening. You appreciate brother Theophilus [Music] open. Hallelujah. A tribute to Malachi 4. My God, I feel like shouting. I feel like dancing. I feel like praising God. Does anybody want to worship with me this evening? Oh, where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? When the morning stars sang together, and when the sons of God shouted for joy. Are you the sons of God tonight? Oh, hallelujah. Somebody shout, "Amen." [Music] Give me a key for [Music] no mind. She's so [Music] t Oh, she Oh, she [Applause] [Music] so Oh, hallelujah. It's time to dance. Come to the front. Oh, you want to worship? Oh, hallelujah. Let's be free. No, no, [Music] no. Oh, she [Applause] [Music] sees so. Come on, let me hear say. [Music] [Music] Oh, city [Music] no time. Oh, city. No, my no. [Music] [Applause] Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, she [Applause] s one more time. home [Music] city where city [Applause] [Music] know Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, somebody give him a shout. Hallelujah. Somebody praise him tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He took the book. Your name was in that book. You are free tonight from everything the devil tried to bind on you. Christ has set you free. the redeemed lamb. Let's sing. Can you sing that song? Worthy is a lamb. Seated on the throne. Worthy is a lamb. Yeah. Worthy is a lamb. Seated on the [Music] throne. Crown you now with many cries. You reign victory. Oh, you are high and lift. Let's lift our hands and sing this song. Oh, Jesus, son of God. Oh, the treasure of heaven. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, lift your voice and sing. Sing in worthy is the lamb seated on. Oh, seated on the throne. Oh, we crown you now with bendy crowns. You reign victorious. Oh, and you are. Oh Jesus, Jesus, son of God. Oh the darling of heaven, the treasure of heaven uncrucified. Oh worthy, worthy is the [Music] lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, give the Lord some worship this evening. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we love you, Lord Jesus. We praise you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, you reign victori. Oh, and you are hand lifted up. Oh, Jesus, son of God. Oh, the treasure of heaven uncrucified. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy the Oh, why don't you worship in your own way while the music, please? Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, [Applause] [Music] Jesus. Yes. Thank you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the [Music] lamb. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. What a night. Amen. You can give me a key for Elohim if you want. Amen. Praise God. We do some have an we do have some announcements. I'm sorry. Oh, before that rather um we just have a few uh Amen. and you can keep playing softly. We have a a praise and we have a prayer request that we want to read tonight. So, sister Germaine from a church in Martineique says that her sister Christine has come out of a coma and she is thanking the church for their prayers and so on and and love. God bless you. Wow. That's amazing. That is amazing. God still heals. Amen. Amen. We want to pray now for Sister Fenna. Um she's from Origa, Latvia. And um she's saying, "Precious bride of Jesus Christ, I sincerely ask you to pray for my our brother, my son Richard." She says, "I believe God can touch his mind and make him whole. And Satan will be put to shame. I thank God for my son's saved mind." Amen. With God's love to you all. Amen. And so this sister has expressed her faith for her son Richard and we want to bring him before the throne of grace tonight. So let's just bow our heads and close our eyes as we want to pray for this condition. Heavenly Father Lord we bring sister Fenna's son Richard before your throne Lord and Lord we know that you are the same yesterday, today and forever. Father we pray for healing oh God. Father, even now, Lord, Father, wherever he is, oh God, Father, may Satan be put to shame, Lord. And Lord, and we thank God for his sane mind, Lord. May you clothe him in his right mind tonight, Lord. Father, and Lord, may you heal him and in his mind, his body, and his soul, dear God. Oh, may they have a testimony tonight, Lord. Father, may your anointing and your angel, may you visit him tonight, dear God, and deliver him for God. Oh God, we pray and ask this thing in your precious name for your sake, honor, and glory. Amen and amen and amen. Hallelujah. Do you love him tonight? Oh, praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Why don't you turn around, greet your brother one more time. We'll sing this song. Turn around, greet your sister. We'll sing this one song and then we'll close out. Hallelujah. [Music] Hello here. How we long to worship you. Oh yes. [Music] And how we long to worship you. Oh, [Music] sing. Hello. Oh, your presence go. How we long to worship you. Oh, singing help. [Music] Oh Elohim. Oh how we long to worship. Oh Lord we come. Oh Lord we come to you. Oh in worship no matter what. No matter what the circumstance. Oh Lord, no matter what the [Music] situation, oh we will lift up holy [Music] hands. Oh, sing in L. Oh Elohim. Oh how we long to worship you. Oh sing al. Oh Elohim. Oh how we long to worship. Oh with all your heart. Oh, oh L. Oh, how we long to worship you. [Music] Oh, oh L. Oh, how we long to shape you. Oh, oh, [Music] oh, how we long to worship you. Oh, singing. [Music] Oh yes, how we long to shape you. Oh yes, [Music] [Applause] Lord. Oh Elohim, how we long, how we long to worship you. One more time. Oh [Music] lord. Oh yes. How we long shape [Music] you. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Amen. And amen. Let's bow our heads now. Heavenly Father, we are so grateful tonight, Lord, for your presence that is among us, Lord Father, for your word, Lord Father, that was preached with such clarity and power, Lord Father. Lord, we thank you for your servant, Brother Theo. And we pray tonight, Lord, that you continue to bless him, strengthen him, oh God, Father, in his body, and help him to to to to preach your word, oh God, Father, and continue in your fire. And now, God, we pray, Lord, that your presence would continue to be with your people tonight. We pray that you bless them as they sleep, Lord. May your anointing brood over them, Father, and keep them in your love and power, and continue to make your word more real and with more understanding, dear God. Grant this to us tonight. We pray in your precious name. For your sake, honor and glory. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. We just have uh one very important announcement. Um, so we we'd like you to just pay close attention. You can have your seat. That's fine. Amen. Um, sorry. Amen. We just have one uh important announcement. So this is concerning the the departure after the convention. So if you're leaving the convention, um this is what needs to be carried out. In terms of instruction, we need to make reservations for the buses to bring believers back to the train station or to the airport. Okay. So, there are two possible departures and the two possible departures are as follows. at the train station uh blurt blur uh to Frankfurt airport or elsewhere uh the convention uh will organize and transfer uh will organize transfer to the train station in bloodben. So if you wish to depart by train such an arrangement can be made also there is uh getting to the airport in Stoutgat by bus. Okay. So there are two possible departures. One by train station at Blabbar at to Frankfurt and then there is one possible departure by bus to the airport uh in Stoodkga. Now if you did not yet register to Sister Pascal, you have to do it after this service. So please we are making an appeal to you to make arrangements as of tonight um to register with sister Pascal um in order to uh make your departure uh as I had I have as I have spoken earlier. Okay. So right and I believe she will be at a desk outside um she is stationed or she will be stationed outside rather where you can begin to make that um registration possible. Okay. Departure times from train station to catch the flights in Frankfurt will be announced. Okay. And a last note here concerning ministers from Cloverdale and the ministers that preached during this convention, they are automatically registered. Okay. So if you are a minister from Cloverdale or uh you are a minister that has ministered in this convention, we have already uh recognized such names. Okay. So this registration process is for all um all else. uh please make yourself available to register tonight as soon as possible so that we can make the proper arrangements for leaving of the convention. Amen. Does everyone understand? Amen. Okay. Good. Praise God. Well, may the Lord bless you as we get ready to dismiss, as the ushers begin to make their way uh forward and dismiss the people. Amen. so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands and worship as we praise your holy name. And you deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hand in worship as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship and as we praise your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like [Music] you. Elohim, how we long to worship you. Oh, hello here. [Music] I will long to worship you. Oh, who here how we long to worship you. Oh, and early life. Oh, how we long to worship you. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see how great how great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How [Applause] great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. Oh, you are God alone from before time began. And you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. Oh you are God alone from before time began. And you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. Unchangeable. Unshakeable. Unstoppable. That's what you are. You're [Music] unshakeable. Unshakeable, unstoppable. That's what you are. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. You are God alone. [Music] Oh, right now good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. [Music] Oh. Oh, [Music] Lord. I'm not afraid. Oh, I'm not afraid. Oh, no. Oh, healing rain is falling down. Healing rain is falling down. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. Healing rain is falling down. Healing rain is falling down. I'm not afraid. No. No. I'm not afraid. Healing rain is falling down. Healing rain is falling down. Not afraid. [Music] No. He rains. Oh, I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. Healing rain. Oh, your healing rain. Oh, your healing rain. Oh, your healing rain. Oh, your healing rain. Oh, you're healing rain. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. [Music] Thank you [Music] Jesus. Thank you Lord. [Music] Jesus singing majesty. Oh [Music] majesty. Your grace has found me just as I am. Emptyhanded but alive in your hands. Singing [Music] meesty. Singing mesty forever. I have changed my whole life. in the presence of your majesty. [Music] Oh my justine singing my Justine forever. I have changed my whole life in the presence of your majesty. Healing rain is falling. Healing rain is falling. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. Oh, he rain is falling down. Healing rain is falling down. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. [Music] Yeah. Oh, no you. Yeah. [Music] Yeah. It's raining. It's raining. It's raining. It's raining. Oh, it's raining. I feel the rain. I feel the rain. I feel the rain. I feel the rain. Open the floodgates of hell. Let it rain. Let it rain. Open the floodgates of hell. Let it rain. Let it rain. [Music] Open the [Music] FL. Let it in. Let it rain. Open the floodgates of heaven. Let it rain. Let it rain. Open the flates of heaven. Let it rain. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hold on. Let it rain. Let it rain. I want you to open the floodgates of heaven. Let it rain. Oh, let it rain. Oh, Lord. Open flirt gates of heaven. Let it rain. Let it rain. Open the floodgates of heaven and let it rain. Oh, let it rain. Want you to open the floodgates of heaven. Let it rain. Let it rain. for you to open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates. Open the floodgates of heaven. Let it rain. Let it rain. Open. Let it rain. Let it [Music] rain. Oh Lord we glorify. Oh Lord, we magnify your holy [Music] name. Lord we magnify. Oh Lord we glorify Lord we glorify. Lord we glorify your name. Oh Lord we glorify Lord we [Music] glorify. Lord we glorify your name. Oh Lord, we magnify. Oh God, we magnify. Oh God, we magnify your name. Oh Lord, we glorify. Oh Lord, we glorify God. We glorify your name. We have come to praise. And we have come to praise. We have come to praise your name. [Music] healing in your name. We bless your name. We praise your name. We bless your name. We lift your name. We magnify your name. Oh, your name. We lift your name. We lift your name. We lift your name. Wow. We lift your name. We bless your name. We praise your name. We worship your name and we honor your name. Holy is your name. Am mighty is your name. Blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name. All gloryy, all honor, all power be to your [Music] name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
