################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-07-12 - Sons Of God Returning In The Power Of The Spirit - Bro. Raymond Thompson, Headstone Tabernacle - Raymond Thompson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-07-12
Title:   Sons Of God Returning In The Power Of The Spirit - Bro. Raymond Thompson, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Raymond Thompson
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxKChWgwhWA
========================================

Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. How many appreciate him tonight? How many appreciate the Lord tonight? How many thank God for his mercy and his grace? His grace that kept you. Amen. You can keep playing softly. Amen. Let's turn to our Bibles tonight. We want to welcome you all one more time. Those that hooked up on the internet, God bless you in a special special way. Psalm chapter 150. We want to read from verses 1-6. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Reading from Psalms 150 from verse one. It says, "Praise ye the Lord. Praise God in his sanctuary. Praise him in the firmament of his power. Praise him for his mighty acts. Hallelujah. Praise him according to his excellent greatness. Hallelujah. Praise him with the sound of the trumpet. Hallelujah. Praise him with the sulttery and harmon. Praise him with the timberal and dance. Praise him with stringed instruments and organs. Hallelujah. Praise him upon the loud symbols. Praise him upon the high sounding symbols. Tonight, let everything that have breath praise the Lord. Praise ye the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Do you believe it tonight? We have everything to give God thanks for. We have everything to give God praise for tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's a reason to smile. There's a reason to rejoice. There's a reason to worship the name of the Lord your God tonight. For he had dealt wondrously with us. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Let's bow our heads now as we want to pray. Open. Amen. Every head bowed, every eye closed. Amen. You can begin to worship the Lord in your own way tonight. Hallelujah. And just invite his presence among you tonight. We want his presence more than anything. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Without you, we can do nothing tonight. Without you, we'll surely fail. Oh, glory be to God. Every head bowed, every eye closed. Heavenly Father, Lord, we deem it a great honor and privilege to be here tonight. Lord, how you have bypassed the great and the mighty, Lord, Father. Lord, you come to dwell with your humble people here tonight, Lord. We surrender ourselves to you, Father. Lord, that we know that without you, we can do nothing, oh God, Father. Oh, yet your love surrounds us, Lord. Father, let your mercy, oh God, Father, shining around us all over the place, Lord, we feel your presence here tonight. We feel your power here tonight, Lord. Father, we can feel your anointing in this building tonight, Lord. We know that they angels tonight, Lord. Father, oh, taking up their positions tonight. Put the sons and daughters of God tonight. Father, we Lord, we come to enter into the spirit now. Lord, we put everything behind us, oh God. Lord, we want to go past the barrier tonight. Lord, we want to go beyond ourselves. Lord, we want to stretch a little bit tonight towards your promise, towards your target tonight, Lord, that you are putting before us, oh God. Lord, we come to content for the faith. Bless us tonight, we pray. Bless the songs, bless the worship, bless the word as it goes forth. And bless each one on the internet, Lord, wherever they are, Lord. Father, bless each one here tonight in Jesus name we pray and ask the blessing. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. Do you love him tonight? Amen. Turn on, greet your brother. Turn on, greet your sister. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We are standing on holy ground. Hallelujah. [Music] Standing on holy ground. Ooh, and I know that there are angels all around all around. So let us praise let us praise him. Oh Jesus [Music] now. Oh for we are standing in his presence on who you are. Oh close your eyes. Lift your hands. Sing. We are stand. We are standing. Oh, and holy cry. Oh, and I know, Lord. And I I know that there there are angels. Oh, they're all around. Oh, they're all around. Oh, so let us praise him. Let us praise him. [Music] Jesus. Oh, for we are standing in his presence. Oh, on holy ground. Oh, we are standing. Well, we are [Applause] standing on holy ground. Oh, and I know. Yes, Lord. And I know that they are angels. They're all around. Oh, let us praise you. Let us praise you. Praise my [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus. Oh, for we are standing. Oh, standing. Oh on holy ground. Oh give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, and I exalt thee, oh Lord. Oh Lord, I exalt thee. I [Music] exalt thee. Oh, come on. Oh, h with all your heart. Oh, I exalt. Oh, hallelujah. How many you want to exalt him tonight? Oh, I exalt thee, oh Lord. Oh, oh, for you are worthy. Oh, for you are worthy. You are worthy. Oh, you are worthy. Oh, I know that you are worthy, oh Lord, for Lord. Oh, you are worthy, Lord. You are worthy. Oh yes, he worthy. Oh, how worthy, oh [Music] Lord, for you are great. America so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. Come on, sing. You deserve the glory with all your heart now. And the honor and the [Applause] honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands in worship. Oh, and we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory. early on. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. Lord, we praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. Oh, there is no one else like you. You are the great. Oh, you America so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Oh yes, you are great. Oh yes, you are great. Oh, I know that you are great. Come on, give him praise. Oh, he is mighty. Oh, he is all glorious. He is marvelous. Oh, how excellent is thy name in all the earth. In all the earth, in all the earth. Somebody praise him. Somebody lift your voices. Shout unto God with a voice of triumph. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord. One more time. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one There is no one else like you. For you are the great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like [Music] you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. We thank you for his presence. Oh we thank you for his power. He is omnipotent. Oh the Lord omnipotent for it. He's greater than your trial. He's greater than your circumstance. He's greater than your situation. Can the devil stop him tonight? He is God almighty. Oh hallelujah. Many many many men. Hallelujah. Why don't you turn and greet each other just one more time? Let's sing this song. This is my commandment that you love one another that your joy may be full. Amen. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. This is This is my commandment that you love that your joy in me. Amen. Make sure you tell somebody, "Oh, now this is my command that you love one another. At your job, oh, it may be full." Oh, singing at your job. Oh, it may. Oh, at your sing. This is my command that you love that your joy only. Oh, we're singing. This is my you love that your joy. Oh, it be. Oh, this is my world. This is my command that you love one another. Let your joy. Oh, well that your joy at your joy. Oh, it may be your joy. Oh, it may be. Oh, I'm saying this is [Music] my Oh, your Oh, it may be one more time. Sounds so good. Sing your hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing it. This is my command that you love one another. Let your joy your joy at your jo. [Music] This is my command that you love your me. Oh, he brought me out of the house. Oh, hallelujah. Somebody testify. Come on. He [Music] released. He put a song. deep in my soul today. Oh, a song of his praise. Oh, hallelujah. Well, he brought me out on the mountain. Oh, it's time to dance. It's time to shout. Oh, he blessed my king on Tuesday. He put us all. He put Oh, hallelujah. Oh, today a song of praise. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Sing it Jesus. I'll never forget. Oh, what you've done for. Oh, sing Jesus. I'll never forget. Oh, how you set me free. Well, now I'll never forget. Oh, how you brought me. Oh, say Jesus. I'll never forget you now. How can I forget? Oh, what you done? How can I forget? Somebody praise him. Somebody praise him. How can I forget? Oh, come now. Oh, say Jesus. I'll never forget. Oh, no. Give the Lord a shout of [Music] praise. Hey yeah. Oh, this is freedom time. This is your time. This is my time. This is the bride's time. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. I'll never forget what you've done for singing Jesus. I'll never how you set. Oh, sing Jesus. I'll never forget. Oh, how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I never forget. Oh, [Music] ever. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, get free, man. Get free, man. Break out. Break out. Break out. Hallelujah. Oh, can this world hold me no longer? Oh, hallelujah. Let the church say amen. Amen. Come on now. Come on now. [Applause] Amen. Do you want the Holy Ghost tonight? How many want to be delivered tonight? [Music] How many want a revival tonight? Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, let us make his praise glorious tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. One more song before I get ready for the specials. [Music] might [Music] see. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] city. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As a group, get ready to come for the first. Amen. The group of five [Music] [Music] city. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. [Music] [Music] single. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halle [Applause] Halleluah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halleluah. [Music] [Applause] Amen. You might be seated. Amen. [Music] Draw me close to you. Never let me go. [Music] Lay it all down again. To hear you say that I'm a friend. You are my desire. Oh, no one else will do. And nothing else can take [Music] you to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find a way. Bring me back to you. Oh, you're all I want. You're all I'll ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are [Music] near. Draw me close to you. Never let me [Applause] go. I lay it all down again. To hear you say that I'm your friend. [Music] You are my [Music] desire. No one else will do. Nothing else will take your place. [Music] to feel the warmth of your embrace. Help me find a way. Bring me back to you. Oh Lord, you're all I want. You're all I ever needed. You're all You're all I want. Oh, help me know you are near. Help me know you are near. Oh, you're all I want, Lord. You're all I want. You're all I need. You're all I ever needed. You're all You're all I want. We know you are here. We know you are here. Help me know you are near. Help me know you are near. Oh, help me know you are. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Applause] Oh, amen. Appreciate it tonight. Help me know that you are near. How many want to be drawn closer to him tonight? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God sees those hands tonight. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting on the Lord. How many want to wait on him tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Without him, we can do nothing. And I don't mind waiting. I don't mind [Music] waiting. I don't mind waiting. all along. I don't mind [Music] waiting. Don't mind waiting. Oh, I don't mind waiting on the law. Oh, I don't mind. I don't mind waiting. [Music] Oh, I don't mind waiting. Well, I don't mind waiting. Who are the Lord? Oh, I don't mind waiting. Oh, I don't mind waiting. Oh, I don't mind waiting on the Lord. Oh, I don't mind waiting. I don't mind waiting. Sister Thompson, get ready to come forward. I don't mind waiting. Oh, I don't mind waiting. Ooh, on the Lord. Oh, I don't mind waiting. Oh, I don't mind waiting. Oh, I don't mind waiting. Oh, no. One more time. I don't mind waiting. Oh, I don't mind wait. Oh, I'm here to wait long. Wait on my way. Oh, on the Lord. Oh, well, now I don't my way. I'm going to keep on waiting. Oh, cuz I'm on my way on the [Music] Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. You might have se one more time. Amen. Praise God. He left the splendor of heaven. [Music] knowing his [Music] destiny. Was the Lord [Music] letha there to lay down his life for me? [Music] [Applause] Leave that [Music] love. Then the ocean is dry. There's no stars in the sky. [Music] And this sparrow can [Music] fly. If there isn't love, then heavens amaz. There's no feeling like this. [Applause] [Music] If that isn't [Music] love, even in death he [Music] remembered the thief hanging by his died. He spoke with love and compassion. They need to give him to bear down. [Music] If that isn't love, then the ocean is dry. There's no stars in the sky. And the sparrows can fly. If there isn't [Music] love, then the heavens are made. There's no feeling like this. Give that easent [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] love. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, how many appreciate that? Oh, bless you, Sister Thompson. Oh my. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, if there isn't love. I'm so glad there's love here this evening. Aren't you? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give me a key for the love of Jesus is so wonderful. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's get ready to change you out of the service. Oh, the love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh wonderful singing. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love is so wonderful. The love of Jes wonderful. Oh, it's so high and so high. You can't get so low. Oh, [Music] so I sing in the love of Jesus. The love of Jesus. The love of Jesus. Oh. Oh. Saying the love of Jesus. Oh, the love of Jesus. Oh, it's the love and it's so wonderful. Oh, it's so high. It's so high. You can't so Oh, now so high you can't get around it. Oh, oh, I sing it is the love of Jesus. And it's so wonderful the love. It's so wonderful. Oh, wonderful love. Oh, sing it. It's so high. You can't get over it. So, you can't get under it. So, you can't get around it. Oh, wonder. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, it's so wonderful. Oh, I know. It's so wonderful. Oh, love. Oh, now it's so high. It's so high. You can't get over it. So, you can't get under it. So, you can't get on it. Oh, it so high. You can't get over so low. Oh, now so high. You can't get around it. Oh, one more time. The love of Jesus is the love of. [Applause] Oh, so high. So, [Music] so Oh, wonder. Sounds good. Oh, the love of Jesus is so wonderful. Love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful. A little louder. Oh, the love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful. A little louder. Oh, my is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful love. Can we give the Lord a shout of praise in the house of the Lord? I was glad when they said unto me, "Let us go into the house of the Lord." My, what an anointing. What an atmosphere. The atmosphere is right tonight for the miraculous to take place. The atmosphere is right tonight for the sick to be healed. The atmosphere is right tonight for backsliders to be restored. Uh the atmosphere is right tonight for sinners to meet the living Christ, the unfailing reality of the living God. Ah you believe that tonight? Are you happy to be here? Are you happy to be in another convention? Are you happy to be under the canopy of life? Oh may the Lord bless you. Oh my my my my my my. Before I go any further, we just want to bow our heads. We have two prayer requests tonight. Want to pray for Sister Gloria Timothy who was hospitalized for acid reflux. And we want to remember brother Ruskin Cummings in prayer as well for his stomach condition. [Music] Heavenly Father, we feel the anointing is already here and it's the anointing that makes the difference. Lord, we come to you tonight united in faith. Lord, the word has already gone forth and the devils are on the run. The devil knows he's finished and its time is up. And we know who we are tonight. We know who, Lord, you are. We know who the devil is. We know our position as sons tonight. And Lord, we Lord, we come Lord speaking boldly knowing that you are the God that answers prayer. You said healing is a children's bread and we bring our sister before you right now that even now you touch her from the crown of her head to the soles of her feet. Lord, may she be discharged, Lord. May she be completely healed. And for brother Ruskin tonight, may you touch him. He's here in the house of God, Lord. He's here with faith, Lord, coming under expectation. May you minister to him right now. And if there's anyone else tonight in the tabernacle on the hookup tonight, Lord, may you touch them in body. May you heal your people so we could enter into the word and to worship like we have never done before. We commit the service into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, and the church says, amen. Amen. You may be seated. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So, I'd like to welcome everyone tonight in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Special welcome to all those who are connected on the internet tonight and uh it's such a great privilege. We're already getting testimonies from around the world with how the convention is being a blessing and we are so thankful for that. What can we say about the services thus far? Amen. And how many appreciate brother Peter Chandler masterpiece of a message yesterday morning and brother Paulo and Angelica and what can we say about brother Robo this morning? My my my my my my hallelujah. So I do want to before I even announce the ministers, I do want to pay a special welcome to Sister Helen Francis. Where's Sister Helen at? Is she she officers? God bless you, Sister Helen. She flew all the way from Australia to be here for four services. She's going to leave a little later today, but we want to put our hands together all the way from Australia. God bless you, Sister Helen. Thank you for coming and may God bless you and grant you a home church over in Australia. Thank you for your faith and your courage to come all this way. May the Lord richly bless you and grant you traveling mercy's home. Amen. You may be seated. So I'd like to acknowledge the ministers that are here and I want to start at home and then we're going to go abroad. I'd like to can we put our hands together for brother Shanga Waldron and his wife and church. Brother Waldron, he doesn't like to be recognized but God bless you, brother Waldron. We salute you for your faith and confidence to stand for this message the way you do. God bless you richly. You appreciate brother Waldron. Amen. You may be seated. We love you. And coming all the way from Anie, France, here with his wife, brother Jeep Jano. God bless you. Amen. Coming all the way from London, Brother Peter Chandler. God bless you, brother Peter. Thank you for your message. Amen. Coming all the way from Ivory Coast, K Devoir, Pastor Paul Onanica. God bless you, Pastor Paul. God bless you. Thank you. And his right-hand man, Brother ATM, God bless you. Brother ATM, please stand up. But ATM doesn't like to be recognized. God bless you, brother. Thank you. All the way from Sierra Leon. How many appreciate brother Johnny Conte? Brother John, God bless you. We love you. Thank you. He was supposed to be here last year, but this year he is here. And I believe God has him here for a specific reason, for a specific purpose, because God is God. God bless you, brother Johnny. Thank you. from Inugu, Nigeria. Brother Charles Akachchobee is here with his wife. God bless you, brother Charles. We appreciate you. We love you and we look forward to being in Inugu. And what can we say about Brother Olu Omoto Yimbo, God bless you, Brother Olu, Sister Neca, we thank you. God richly bless you. and from New York City, Brother Jesse Robo and Sister Rebecca Robato. God bless you. We love you. My my my. And well, tonight we're going to hear from our precious brother Raymond Thomson. How many appreciate brother Raymond Thomson all the way from South Africa? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And his wife, Sister Gail. is special. God bless you. Thank you. We love you. Amen. So, there are a few other ministers that are on their way that came in. So, they'll join us during the service. We'll acknowledge them tomorrow morning, Lord willing. But just before brother Raymond comes, I just want to share this quick thought how the prophet or a prophet rather has the ability to break through barriers. A prophet could break through the barrier of time. And the inspiration for this meeting was beyond the barrier, beyond the sound barrier. And a prophet has the ability to break through the barrier of time. And he could see the future. And when brother Brandham broke through the barrier of time, he saw a people. He saw a people in action. He saw a people on fire. He saw a people in revival. He didn't see a dead bunch of people. He didn't see a cold bunch of people. He didn't see a lukewarm bunch of people. He didn't see people who were just following without revelation. But he broke through the barrier of time. And he saw a people that would catch a revelation. And nothing would stop them from coming into manifestation because every seed must bring forth after its kind. Can the church say amen? So, brother Brandham, he broke through the barrier of distance and he said before the doctor's hand touches my wife, he broke through the barrier of unbelief and he said, "Sister Hatty Wright, I don't know what your boys are doing, but I give you your two boys. Can I get a witness in the house tonight?" Brother Bham, as a prophet, he broke through the barrier of space and he said, "Son, come out and shine four days." And I believe right now there's a people in the land who are here to break past every barrier. The barrier of sin, the barrier of unbelief, the barrier of doubt, the barrier of formality, the barrier of just coming to church, the barrier of being in the message, the barrier of just come my my my my I'm not the preacher. I'm just here to introduce the preacher. But I heard but a Paul on a Jacob say something one time. He said you got to do something different. If you're used to putting up one hand, put up two hands. If you jump on one foot, jump on your both feet. But whatever you do tonight, do something different. If you've never shouted before, tonight is a night to shout. If you've never danced before, tonight is a night to dance. We are going to break down the barriers. We're going to cause something to happen. This is the prize revival. The seven thunders, the seven seals gathered you here. May the Lord bless you. We'll walk in the light as our brother Raymond Thompson comes to the platform tonight. You appreciate him. We'll walk more in the light. In the light. We'll walk in the light. Walking. Oh, we walk. Oh, in the light. We walk in the light. We walk in the light. Walking in the singing. Walk. Walk. Walking in the light. [Applause] Oh. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, we [Applause] want fun. [Music] Walking in the light. One more time. We walk in the light. We walk in the light. We walk in the light. Walking in the light of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. While the world is walking in darkness, we have a wonderful light that we can walk in. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I'd like to greet you friends. And I'm saying friends like uh I read the quote last year. Brother Be says, "What's a prophet's reward?" Is to be a friend of a prophet. and he says uh and I he always came into the poop and said good evening friends. So I'm greeting all the friends of the prophet God bless you. [Applause] So uh behalf of my precious wife that's here family church back home uh we greet the convention in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. uh privilege to be back. Thank you, brother, your wife, the Headstone Tabernacle, all the helps and governments to have the faith again to put up these meetings. Now, there's no accidents with God or may God knew you will be here. He knew who will be here and he knew these meetings will take place. So then there is a specific purpose then why God called the bride together. Amen. And that's why it's so important that in the meetings we are in the spirit to catch what the spirit is trying to tell us. So thank you brother over. So uh it's amazing uh that we made it and this time my wife came with me and I'm so glad. It's a real miracle. She's not well. Just three weeks ago she was in hospital and the tickets was booked and visas was all through and yeah she ends up in hospital and found out she had a few strokes and things man-blowing. But here she sits sang tonight. uh brother Olu phone and to find out how she was and then I do I told him at that time. So the enemy tried to cut it off but God blessed her and here she is. Now it's amazing it it was sister Rebecca's birthday today and God bless you. Happy birthday Wednesday when we arrived it was our 42nd year wedding anniversary with me. So something is happening eternally so uh thank you and thank you for the song she sang and uh God bless you. So uh thank you for the invitation and to minister to this portion of the bride. Like to greet and salute all the ministers that's here with their wives, some with their churches and uh God bless you. It's good to see you again. It's it's it's so nice when you see the brothers coming together and uh Sister Helen all the way from Australia. And that's Muro. Uh two uh she's originally from South Africa and moved to Australia. So uh she would always send emails and I told her about the meetings and I said you can hook up and watch it uh live stream. And then when I we got in Wednesday, I told my wife, I better let remind sister Helen again. In the morning we're having breakfast. Yes. sister walks in. So my that's a step of faith. God bless you. And really uh it's mind-blowing. She came on her own and then to salute all the ministering brothers. Brother Chandler, my what a blessing man. Adam where thou he brother Peter has a unique ministry. He just can say things in such a short space. You know, it will take me 2 hours to sit say what he said in an hour, but you have a unique minister and what a blessing that was. Thank you. God bless you. Your wife, church, brother Paul. Yo, real fire brand. Thank you, brother Paul. The manifestation of the token. And I believe that's the day and the time that you are living in. And what can we say? Our precious brother. Wow. God bless you, brother. I am the vine and here are the branches. So we need to bring forth fruit otherwise if you don't it gets cut off. Amen. And but the Bible says the one that brings forth fruit gets purged to bring forth more fruit. Amen. So as you go along and the trials get harder, it's because you are bringing forth fruit and God purges you to bring forth more fruit. Amen. Thank you for all the specials that was sung. What a blessing. God bless you. Can we stand and have a word of [Applause] prayer? Heavenly Father, it's in the precious name of Jesus. We are gathered tonight. We welcome your presence. We thank you for what you've done for us thus far. And Lord, we're looking forward for more of thee to be manifested to this portion of the bride. Bless brother over God and his wife and church and family had the faith to call this meetings and we believe God there's going to be a revival. Lord, that's a promise that we have and no demon, no devil, nothing can alter it, Lord. So, we're glad that we are part of it. So we pray your holy spirit come down and anoint us tonight to speak spirit spoken word to say something that will help somebody Lord along this road bless me take me off the scene we didn't come to see man we come to see Jesus so bless your word and bless the your word is already anointed so is this message but may that anointing come upon us Lord and may your spirit have the preeminence is my prayer in Jesus name we ask it amen amen and amen Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, church, Luke chapter 4, Romans chapter 9, and Ephesians 1. Luke chapter 4 and we read uh verse 14. And Jesus returned in the power of the spirit into Galilee and they went out fame of him through all the region roundabout. And then we pick up uh 18 And we know the story as he went into the temple, took the book, and then he begin to say, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me because he has anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He has sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and the recovering of the sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord." And he closed the book and he gave it again to the minister and sat down and and all and the eyes of all of them were in the synagogue were fastened on him. And he began to say unto them, "This day is the scripture fulfilled in your ears." Amen. My Romans 9 Romans 8 from verse 19. For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who subjected the same in hope. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they but ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit. Even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to what? The redemption of our bodies. Amen. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. Amen. Ephesians 1 verse4. According as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us to the adoption of children by Jesus to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. So tonight I want to take a title, the sons of God returning in the power of the spirit. Hallelujah. My subject is sons recognizing their position. If you don't know where you stand, it makes it hard to be a son. Amen. And then my inspiration, we are predestinated unto adoption. So that's your destiny. Amen. And nothing can alter that. Amen. So just some warm-up quotes uh to sort of put my heart my heart and my shoulder to the wheel. Brother Theo, this is how I feel. earthly bride. He says here, "And when we are bold and gathered like this, I wouldn't have you come here by no means if I didn't if it was if I if it wasn't to help you. If it didn't, if I didn't think that this was doing you good." Amen. And that you would profit by it by coming and knowing too that we don't have too much longer to do this that we come into the very closing hours. And I want to make every moment count that I can for the kingdom of God and I'm trusting that the Lord will bless us as we assemble. So brother Brandham came this was 64 he realized time was coming to the end and he says I would not gather you here if I didn't think this will meeting will help you. Amen. Amen. And I don't believe that this meetings was called if God didn't mean that he's going to help you. Amen. And then he turns around and says, "And we are coming to the closing time." So there's not many many time left to make every moment count. So brother, I'm here in this meetings and I know the Holy Spirit is here and I believe he's going to meet with you and every moment that you have, make it count. Make it worth it. You didn't spend your money all this time to come here to occupy a seat. No, you want to make every moment count. Hallelujah. He says, "Yes, speak to the mountain." I believe that the church of the living God is moving into a sphere now that's going to shake the whole world. That's the first time it's been since the days of Jesus of Nazareth to a human being. Ask anything that you will and it shall be given unto you. Amen. anything you desire. Do you see the words of Jesus Christ being fulfilled? Oh, it's going to come to pass pretty soon. I'm looking for it to happen in this meeting. This is the prophet. And if you go further, this is just after sister right. He had just spoken the word and he says, "But I'm looking for something greater." And he says, "I'm looking for it to happen in this meeting tonight. Amen. And so I feel in the meetings I'm wanting to happen now. The anointing will strike the whole church of the living God and she'll rise to her feet like a mighty marching army. Oh come on brother. She'll rise to her feet like a mighty rushing army. What will do that? The anointing will do that. And the anointing breaks the yoke. It breaks the power of the enemy. It breaks sin shackles. The anointing will anoint the whole church. Not some of the church, the whole church. Our [Applause] children. Hallelujah. Glory. He says the whole church of the living God and she'll rise to her feet like a mighty marching army. The sick will be healed by a word. Hallelujah. The blind will and the deaf will see and the deaf will hear. The dead will be raised up. And the power of God will shake the world with the church. [Applause] With who? With the church. Who is the church? You are the church. How's God going to shake the world with you? So, you're not here by accident. You're not here just by the way. God called you for a purpose. Gather the people together. Let me speak to them. He's going to anoint you. He's going to raise you up like a mighty army, brother. Hallelujah. Praise God. He's going to anoint this church. The sick will be healed. The deaf will hear the blind. He says the dead will raise. Amen. Amen. Brother Paul, he's a man of faith, man. The dead will be raised. Something to happen in this meetings. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. It says here will be raised up and the power of God will shake the world with the church of the living God. We're in the press process of it now. So, nobody can stop this, brother. Because God already started it. It's in the process. The coming of the Lord is in a three-fold manner. Already in process. The shout went forth, brother. It's already in process. Who's going to stop it, brother? What preacher, brother? What minister? What church? What demon? [Applause] Hallelujah. So, if you're in process, that mean you're already in action. Hallelujah. I'm not going to draw back, brother. I'm already in action. God called me. God, Glory be to God. I believe it soon come to pass. I believe it will just be exactly the way I believe it's going to strike the church of God's soul and it's going to start a revival. [Applause] Did you hear that? That anointing, that power, that that spirit that's going to come upon the bride, what's it going to do? It's going to start a revival. What gives you revival? The seven thunders gives you a revival. So you mean that anointing could be connected to the seven thunders? Yes, my brother. That brings revival. Hallelujah. Oh, glory be to God. That's why, brother, I don't care how I feel. It's not by how I feel because your feelings can throw you off. Your emotions can throw you off. Somebody didn't greet you. It throws you off. It's not about that. It's about the promise of almighty God. Hallelujah. Praise God. So, you got to get into action. God hates a dead church. God hates a dead church. He wants us as lively stones building up the house of God. Woo! Hallelujah. my it's going to strike the church of God soon and it's going to start a revival that will shake the world. I believe it and I believe this is part of that revival. That's why I'm here. That's why you here, brother. You are the revival. [Applause] You see, they always when they hear the word revival think it must be a massive thing. It must be thousand. No, God uses, you know, God, one man with God is a majority. Hallelujah. He shakes, you know, the devil counts. But God wins easy. He's looking for for quality, [Applause] not quantity, man. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. So, I believe this bride is going to return in the power of the spirit. And Jesus went, we we read the scripture, he went into the wilderness and the Bible says he went there in the spirit. So when he came out, he came out in the spirit. And the process, I'm going to do a bit of quoting here. He says that Jesus knew his position in the word. And I that's that's my subject. The bride needs to know who she is. Because sometimes we walk around like we don't know who we are. But Jesus walked into the temple. They gave him the book and he found the place himself. He turned to Isaiah 61 in the scroll. Then he read the scripture. The spirit of God is upon me and has anointed me. Hallelujah. You see the difference? The spirit of God is upon me and has anointed me. That's what's going to happen. The spirit and the word is going to connect. And once the spirit gets there, brother, no one is going to stop this bride. She becomes an invincible army. Hallelujah. And when he said he picked up the book, he read the scripture. He closed the book. Brother Peter gave it back to the blind ministers and he said, "This day the scripture is fulfilled." Hallelujah. Brother Benham says here he he was doing exactly what God had prophesied it would happen. He didn't miss seeing it. He says, "How could they miss seen? They should have known right quick seen that his ministry was there, the Messiah was there. They would have known it because the scripture is fulfilled." So he comes and he reads the scripture and still they don't see it. Says this day the scripture is fulfilled. Hallelujah. And they still missed it. But Jesus knew his position. And I believe the bride is coming in process where she knows her position in the word. Hallelujah. That's why the devil can't move you, brother. He tried in many ways to shake you. Many things is floating around. Many heavy things is going out, but here you standing. They said you won't make it. But here you stand. In 2016, you're still standing for the word. They said you won't make it. But here you are anointed with the Holy Spirit. Here you are with the power of God upon your life. The word of God in you. You anointed with what? The Holy Spirit. [Applause] Now when Jesus got baptized in Matthew 1, uh the father, the voice said, uh my this is my beloved son in my priest to dwelling. But it didn't stop there. The Bible says he grew, right? You see many people they have the first experience and that's where they stop and they think there's nothing left but if you watch Jesus from there he begin to do miracles nothing before that he was challenged in the wilderness by the enemy with the word but he knew the his position. So every time the enemy said this he said but the scripture also says so he knew the word he was the word but you see when he came out and then he went but eventually he came to mount transfiguration Matthew 17 my now he's taken up why he was about the father's business but now the father is so pleased he says come up to mount transfiguration hallelujah here come the same voice. My This is my beloved son. But he added three more words. Here he him. Hallelujah. The same words, but now he's adopting his own son and he's giving him authority. Don't hear me anymore. Hear he him. Brother, there's a bride on the road. Hey, there's a people in the land. There's a people about the father's business. And one of these days there'll be three words added. Here, he, her, she becomes the final voice to the final age. She will be God's mouthpiece. She will speak for God. Come on, devil. Did you hear that? She becomes the final voice. Hallelujah. He says God was adopting his own son. Shine him out in the in glorified trans uh transfigured condition and prove before witnesses this is my beloved son here. He him. No wonder Jesus could say all power in heaven and earth is given in my hands. So if God did that to his own son, what about the sons of God? You think God is not going to adopt you, brother? You are predestinated to adoption. That's your destiny. My hallelujah. So you see God added three more words and God showed that he adopted his own son and the Bible says here our uh Jesus knew his position for he was the Messiah and he knew his unfailing faith put him in a position to know that he was the perfectborn son. Amen. Then it is if your faith will put you in a position to know that every divine promise of God's Bible is for you just as sure that pertain to him every promise that pertain to you. Your healing your salvation your freedom your sin from selfishness from indifference your little turtle shell that you pull yourself into. Christ wants to come in and be Lord and ruler and set you free from things. Oh, did you hear that? He wants to come in. Hallelujah. And set you free from things, brother. Set you free from from oats and from grudges and from things that bind you. God wants to come in and break the shackles. And I believe tonight, I believe in these meetings, we're going to see God baptize people with the Holy Ghost. Break chains and feathers. Hallelujah. Come on. Come on, man. Preach back to me. He's going to do it. Not me, not the ministers. He's coming into you. Can I say something? I can't come into you, but he can. Hallelujah. He can come into you and set you free. So he can break you free from things that holds you captive. And and and we must be honest. Brother Peter said we must be honest with ourselves. God can't help you if you're not honest with yourself. You must admit, I got a problem. You must tell him in these meetings, Lord, I'm here. I tried myself. I failed. I keep on going back, but Lord, I'm here for a purpose, and I heard tonight he can set me free. [Applause] My We look at the first Adam. He was a son in control. He could speak to nature. He had dominion over the earth. Could control the water. Speak to the trees. Speak to the mountains. He was a son in control. Amen. So here comes the second Adam, Jesus. He was God made flesh in Jesus. And he demonstrated the power of God as a son in control. Cursed the fig tree. Hallelujah. My multiplied the fish. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He demonstrated that as a son of God. But brother, I want to I want us to swing and fast forward to this day. Hallelujah. But God in this day came down and dwelt in the body of a man called William Brham that came by sexual desire through a holy wedlock. But this man from nothing. [Applause] Oh, I hope you hear me man. This man Adam spoke to what was there already. Jesus took what was there already. But in this day, hallelujah, this man, he came and there was nothing. But he said, "Let there be." And there was, "Let there be a squirrel." That from nothing. Brother, he spoke something. I'm yet to tell you, brother, that God could do it in Adam, but Adam was created flesh. He could do it in Jesus. Jesus was God's flesh. But he came and showed us in this day in a man that came by sexual desire a man like you and me and spoke. Let there be a squirrel. Let there be a squirrel over there. Let there be one over there. And there was a squirrel. Oh, hallelujah. Come on, brother. Come on. This that we have is greater man. God showed he's going to do it again. [Applause] My I feel the anointing on that man. If you can see that revelation in Adam, we believed it. He was created. Jesus, we believe it. He was a son of God. But in those day, he took a man born like you and me. Yes. And Adam and Jesus to create it. But in this day, my God, he says here, notice when Jesus created bread, he took a piece of bread and he created more bread, something that already been bread. When he created fish, he took fish that was first fish created fish and put another fish on it. Is that right? Yeah. He He turned water into wine that would have been potentially become wine and made wine out of it. But we seen him in our midst. Listen to the prophet in the last days create things right out without anything standing there. Is that right? To create the squirrel where there was no squirrel. Hallelujah. You think God can't heal you? If he could speak a squirrel into existence, he can speak away your sickness. He can speak away your troubles, your burdens, your trials, your bondage. He can speak it away. That's a God we serve tonight. He knows your condition. He knows where you are. He knows what you're going through. [Applause] Hallelujah. Speak the word. Speak for your family. Speak for your children. Speak for your child. I don't care where they are. They might be drug addicts. They might be prostitutes. But I'm speaking the word. Send the Holy Ghost after them. Speak the word. Mother. Speak the word. [Applause] Hallelujah. Speak the word. You got to say it. Speak for your family. Speak for your church. Speak for their members, man. You know them. Speak the words of your children. Say, "Lord, when I get back home, may they be changed." If God can speak a squirrel, what about our families? What about our souls? What about ourselves? Speak the word. [Applause] Hallelujah. My the spoken word created created a squirrel. And before that the Holy Spirit asked and the angel asked him, "How many do you want?" That's right. And he said, "Three." So he already spoke the word. Three. And then he shot the one. He picked it up. He said, "No, this is not a vision. This is real. A vision don't bleed. That's right. And then he spoke another one and he he went there and he shot it and he came back and he thought, well, that's fine. He was about to leave. But brother, watch this, man. Once the word is spoken, God can't take back his word. Hallelujah. God can't take back his word. the and and while he's walking the angel said, "But didn't you say three?" [Applause] Hallelujah. That's why tonight you got to believe what you ask. Speak it by faith. And then he he went back. He tried to make it real uh difficult. And he says, "May come from the farmers over there and run and sit in the thorn tree." And he said, "You never find a squirrel in the thorn tree." That's right. And then he shot him. And then he went back. I like what Billy Paul said. He said, "No one will tell him it wasn't true." He says, "I ate those squirrels." Hallelujah. Brother Billy Bo says, "I ate of that squirrels that was shot, brother." But what I'm trying to say, the Bible says, "If a sparrow falls to the ground, how much and God knows about it, how much more his children?" If he could speak a a squirrel into existence, what about you tonight? He knows your heart. He'll speak to your condition. He'll speak to that, brother. Hallelujah. My I can't get away from it, man. There's a fire on it. Speak the word. You see, it came to a place where God gave William Brham authority. Yeah. He him. So when the prophet was here, he could speak. [Applause] And it came to pass. Why? He was an adopted son. He was a son in control. And brother Isaac quoted, "He spoke to the storm. He spoke to the fish. He spoke to sister. My He spoke to the little fish. I mean, before the doctors touch his wife, this man was a son in control. So God demonstrated in this day what it will be like when Okay, let me quote this. If you go to Leviticus, they say when the harvest is harvested, the first fruits, the first corn that comes to maturity, they harvest it. Come on. And then the he goes before the priest. Come on now. And if the priest wave this harvested matured seed over the congregation hallelujah as an acceptance that the rest of the crop is also coming to maturity. Well, I'm here to tell you if William Brham came to maturity, there's a people here that's coming to maturity. He was waved for our acceptance. So you are already accepted. Don't let the devil lie to you. God already accepted you. My so it's waved as an acceptance that the rest of the crop that's still green still green they still have their mistakes and the critics are pointing on and they claim this and they claim that but look that hey we're still green but listen brother there's a prophecy already that's hanging over you. Wherever you go, that prophecy hangs over you. I don't care where they put you, that prophecy hangs over you. I don't care if they kick you out of their church, the prophecy is still over you. I don't care if they don't accept you, the prophecy is still there, brother. It can't be altered because you are part of God's program. You are part of God's purpose. You are part of God's predestination. [Applause] Hallelujah. might it's kind of hard to break from here but somehow brother sister let me just another thing quickly and I when it comes like this I have to say it brother Brandham you remember brother Evans they stole his car and he went to brother BM says they stole the car all our clothes everything is in it brother says let me go in prayer goes in prayer while he's in prayer he picks up this guy driving the car all the way down. Brother Brenam in prayer, brother, he sent the Holy Spirit after that man. Go get that man. Convict that man. Turn him around. In prayer, brother, a man born like you and me could send the Holy Ghost after a car that was stolen. And the man turned around. He drove all the way back, left the car, jumped out and ran. And brother Ben says, "Brother Evans, your car is parked at so place." Woo! Everything is still there. Hallelujah. If God went after a car, how much more a soul, how much more the souls of men, how much more you and me? If God could bring back a motor car, can't he bring back our children? Can't he bring back our families? Can't he bring back a mother? Bring back your father, bring back your sister, bring back your brother. If the Holy Spirit brought back a motor car, you can bring back your children. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on. Come on. Come on, brother. Speak the word tonight. Oh, I feel the anointing. The Holy Ghost is in the building. Speak the word. Hallelujah. Why was the sun in control? Yeah. Nature must have had a jubilee because you see the sons of God will deliver nature. You say, "Brother Raymon, why must we be adopted?" Because the scripture Romans 9, go read it. Is waiting on who? On the sons of God to come to where? Manifestation. And when they get to that place, then they deliver nature. And we ourselves, we grown in this body. You grown. You moan, you tired, you aching, you hurting, you sick. It's it's because there's another body. There's another body just here calling you, pulling you, saying, "Come on, don't give up. Keep pressing. Keep going. Don't give up now." Young people, don't give up now. It's worth it. It's worth it to serve God. There's a reward, man. There's a reward at the end of the road. [Applause] Hallelujah. You might be feeling discouraged. You might be so downhearted. You might be ready to chuck in the towel. You might be saying, "But there's no manifestation." Service after service, dryness after dryness. Brother, listen. That means nothing. Paul says, "In season, out of season, dry season, whatever." But there's coming a time. Oh, hallelujah. Let me prophesy from the words of Malachi 4. There's coming a time. There's coming a time when God is going to place his pride in position, brother. No demon, no devil, no nothing will be able to discourage you anymore because he will be failed in your flesh. Hallelujah. He will come down. He will baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire. He will seal your life. He will baptize you. Woo! Hallelujah. [Applause] My sons of God are coming back. So you see there's a process. So uh you remember when uh Elijah told Gassi go look and he came back he says ah there's nothing. So every time they go and they go look ah there's nothing and he says go up seven times man. And when he went up just you know casual there's nothing. But brother I tell you when he went on that seventh time and he looked all he saw was a cloud the size of a man's hand. Woo. He started running down the mountain. He told Elijah, "Hey, I see a cloud like a man's hand." Did Did Elijah say nice? Hey, just that one little one little cloud the size brother. He jumped up there. He was no more tired. He said, "Go tell them. Tell AB sound the rain bells. I hear the sound of abundance of rain. Oh, I'm yet to tell you, brother. I hear the sound of abundance of rain. It's going to rain. The rain clouds are here. Get ready for the outpouring of the baptism of the Holy Spirit. The dynamics is going to pour out upon you. Sound the rain bells. Tell everybody when you go back, "Hey, it's going to rain." Tell those that are discouraged, "Hey, come on. It's going to rain. Woo! It's going to rain. It's going to rain. It's going to rain." Tell them it's going to rain. I'm here tonight to tell you it's going to rain. Get ready for it. It's not long to go. It's not long to go anymore. Going back is further, but it's easier to carry on because we're nearer the shore. Hallelujah. My man. Okay, let me go this way. Hallelujah. We all know Jonah in Matthew 12 and we know in the book of Jonah just to show you God don't alter his plan. Amen. No matter what we think goes wrong. Amen. Right. And sometimes when something go wrong, we become so discouraged, we don't even want to serve God anymore. But this man Jonah has a commission to go down to Nineveh with a message to repent or perish. But this man is so disobedient and many peri backsliden and he he goes and he takes a a ship instead of going to Nineveh he goes to Tarsus and he goes right to the bottom of the ship and go lays there and he thinks well the conviction will leave me you think well I I'm okay and there the boat takes off all of a sudden the boat is in trouble. Yes. And they chuck over the cargo and the boat is still in trouble. And the captain goes out and he finds this guy at ease there. So Jonah thought, "Here's a way out for me, man." So he says, "No, I'm the problem. Chuck me overboard." You thought, "Well, I I'll even take my own life. Chuck me overboard." Meanwhile, when he gets chucked overboard, there's a mess of fish. swallowing. And the Bible says, "When a fish ate, eats, it goes all the way to the bottom cuz he's full." Now we say, "No, Jonah is backsliding." Right? This man, you quoted, "Brother Peter, running from the presence of God." But let me show you something, man. Come on. He lays there for three days. And Bible says in the vomit of the whale, And by faith he turned towards the temple and he says God your servant when he dedicated the temple said if one of your children is in trouble and they look towards the temple he will hear their prayer and Jonah by faith looked towards the temple and he prayed and all of a sudden the fish awakes. My god the fish awakes and then the fish takes off. Where do you think he's going? All the way to Nineveh. Going to h this man is not supposed to be in Tarsus. He's supposed to be in Nineveh. You can think you're running, man. You think you're running away from God. You think you're getting away from him, but God has got a plan for your life. God has got a plan for you, man. God has got something in store for you. Woo! Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So many times we think when things go wrong, we're so quick to condemn people. We're so quick to point a finger. We so I mean it's human. We do it. We write them off. We scrap them. That's why I don't I don't put nobody down, brother. Cuz you find out that very person you put on, God back to them. And there you put them down. He can't preach. He can't do this. She can't sing. She hold your peace, man. But just to show you, I had a message here looking through God's eyes. So look how God looks at it. Amen. So he swims all the way to Nineveh. Come to find out they serve the fish god. And brother says, "And they were fishermen. And this fish swims all the way to the shore, puts out his tongue, and here Jonah comes walking out. Hallelujah. And he preaches a message of repentance. And the whole of Nineveh repents. You see, God cannot alter his plan about you. You say, "I might be backsliding." Yeah, you might be. But he's going to restore you. He's going to bring you back because he has a purpose for you. Now, now, now come I show you how powerful this story of Jonah is. Jesus comes in Matthew 12:40. Yes, sir. He says, "As Jonah was three days and nights in the whale's belly, I mean, we said backsliding, right? We said no. Out of the will of God. We said no. No. Jonah's no good. Jesus knew about it. He comes back and he says, "No, Jonah was fulfilling a type that I must fulfill. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yes sir. As Jonah was three days and nights in the whale's belly, so shall the Son of Man be three days and nights in the heart of the earth. So was he backsliding? [Music] Be careful how you answer. Be careful when you judge someone else next time. Amen. Hallelujah. Right. [Music] Brother Bam says God knows our situations that we human and that we make mistakes. But he says the footsteps of the righteous is ordered of God. And the same man that we thought was backsliden, Christ comes and picks up that. Hallelujah. and say, "No, he was fulfilling his like like he was three days and nights in the bottom of the ocean in the whale's belly. So must the son of man be in the belly of the whale of the earth." So be careful next time. Hallelujah. Rather sympathize with that person. Try and put yourself says in his shoes and understand where he or she's coming from because you know in the message it's just so easily that's why I I like the a couple love of God. Paul said nothing will separate us from the love of God that's in Christ Jesus. Nothing will cut us off this way. But fully your love. It cuts you off. It's limited. It loves only those who loves themselves. It only loves those who are good to them. That's fial love. If you don't agree with them, fellowship is gone. But po but Paul says nothing. And then he goes through all of his sickness, sorrow, heartaches, trials, death. Nothing this way will separate you from the love of God that's in Christ Jesus. You might be in a backsplitting condition, but if you are a member of the bride, I'm telling you already connected, brother. And the God, the Holy Spirit is on the earth to call everyone that's predestinated to go in the rapture. He says here in reproach for the cause of the word. Remember if he has called you for this there is nothing that can keep it from happening. There's not enough devils in torment but what God's word will be made manifest. Listen you born for a purpose and nobody can take your place. Now look at it. Nobody could take Jonah's place. There when Moses, one of the brothers preached, went down. He murdered a man and ran for his life. Did God cut him off? I said, "No, he's a murderer now. I can't use him." No. He was called for that purpose. What did God do? He went in the wilderness. He is prophet man. He put a bush on fire. Called Moses. Moses. And when Moses turned, he says, "Man, then God spoke to him." Amen. You see, God don't change his mind about you. There's no bleach can take your name off the lamb's book of life. There's no eraser that can erase it. You see, when you look with God's eyes, it's different. And no one can take his place. He says you're born for a purpose and nobody can take your place. You might have impersonators and everything else, but they'll never take your place. Right? God's word will triumph. It cannot fail. There there is where every Christian ought to stand knowing that the trials will come and seem every way to you. But remember, God has a purpose and it will work out right. Hallelujah. Sister, take courage tonight. You might be in a situation. You don't know how you come. But he says all those trials, it's going to work out all right. Amen. My my my Oh, it makes me feel no one can take your place. That you might have impersonators. You might have people that try to be like you, but they can't take your place. God has a specific place for you. I want to say this one on love. Brother Peter struck it. And so many of the ministers brother says, you know, he didn't like to be around people. Not that he didn't love them, but he didn't like to be around them. That's right. He says cuz they come right up to you and hug you and say my precious brother I love you. And then brother Ben says he looks right into the heart and he says this man don't even mean one of his saint. He says for that reason he preferred to be he says I didn't want to know that about my brothers. You see this a gapo love you can't impersonate it. You can't you can't manufacture it. If you do, it's going to show up down the line. It's going to come out. Like brother Peter said, you can't hide. So you see what we're looking for and and this is how I feel, brother, over it is we're looking for that genuine true baptism of the Holy Ghost that comes with a genuine love of God where the prophets will be standing speaking like this and a love spirit would settle over the building. All the wrongs will be made right. The sick will be healed without any hands laid upon them. Why? The real genuine a couple love of God. And when that comes in, then it's easy to love your enemies. It's easy to love those who hate you. It's easy. Why? Because it's not fully your love. It's not manufactured love. It's the Holy Ghost love of God that shed abroad in your heart. Run for your life, man. We seen enough. I got to quote you. I said the time for playing is over. Said God is bringing his pride to manhood. No more children. I once was a child. I spake like a child. I did child. But he says his bride has matured now. She's grown. We don't do things like we did it back. You know what I mean? Change. Christ grew to Mount Transfiguration. We growing to Mount Dynamics. Hallelujah. We growing to Mount Pyramid. Hallelujah. Where charity will meet us real. Right. So we climb in those seven steps. We add in those virtues by faith. We fall but we get up by revelation I'm going again you see it's a revelation and you keep adding but one day charity himself hallelujah the love of God brother and someone said one of the ministers you won't have to say you see what I got I think brother said that you see what I got no he said it will speak for itself I love that. I spoke to one of the ministers that met brother Brandham and he says brother Bram came into his home. He says within 10 ft before you come to brother Brandham, you hit something. You just hit the presence. You know you're in the supernatural. Brother Brandon didn't say a word. He said you just walked and you felt it. You saw many times he stands behind the pulpit and he won't move. He'll say, "Come to me." And when they come, he says, "Don't be scared. That's only his presence." Now, now if I seen a silver dollar, come on. Come on. I seen a silver dollar. What a a a man what a manifested son must be like. So when I see all these pennies trying to imitate a silver dollar, brother, I already seen what a son of God looks like. Away with the pennies, man. We don't need them. And it takes a 100 pennies to make $1. Hallelujah. Brother, you don't need numbers. You don't need people. You don't need multitudes. All you need is one man, one woman filled with the Holy Ghost and a silver dollar was demonstrated. So we know what a son of God must be like. And brother, when I see them, I just shake my head, tell your story walking until I see this. Then I know God is back on the earth again. God is back in his bride. God is back in his people. Why? When I see this made manifest, I know God is back on the earth manifested in his people. That's why we grow into [Applause] adoption. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. We want to see silver dollars, man. We tired of the pennies. Everyone claiming I got this, I got that. You got nothing. Until I see this demonstrated, then I know, hey, something is happening. Oh, when I come into Nigeria and I say, the power of God is on the earth, brother. I hear the dead is raised. The blind eyes are opening. The word is there. I know God is on the earth. Come to Nigeria again. Hey, I hear. Hey, praise God. Brother Brandon just walked in. Hallelujah. Came into behind the pullpit. Why? then you know God is back on the earth when we start seeing this happening. But until then, we go on. Next year, if I'm here and the Lord spare me, I'll be preaching this again. If it didn't happen in between that time, Brother Jesse, I'll be preaching it again. I'll be like, "No, I'll say it again. It will rain. Come back again. It will rain." The seventh thunders is a bride's revival. The seven thunders will gather the bride. The seven thunders will show you how to go. If I come back next year, you'll hear the same words. But I'm going to say it until one day when it happens. Then I know God has come and manifested. Brother Olu manifested his word. So if it don't happen, keep saying it. One day it did rain. It did rain. It did rain. One day there's going to be rapture in faith. There's going to be a revival. There's going to be a manifestation. But nobody's going to tell me I mustn't preach it. It's a promise of God, brother. Footprints are possession. Everywhere you find a promise, put your feet on the man. Found the seventh seal. Seventh thunder, seventh. Oh my. Adoption, perfection. I'm walking all over the devil. Why? It's promises, brother. And your footprints is possession. possess your land. Your land. It's your land. Let me tell you something. If you go to Joshua 22, you'll see there was three tribes. There was Manessa, half tribe of something, and tribe of Gad. They didn't possess the land. They didn't cross over. They stayed beside and they lived with the Philistines. They didn't possess it. Though they had a land there, but they preferred to stay Can you imagine? You have a promise on the other side, but you prefer to stay this side. And you're going to see I I have something I'm going to close with. You're going to see why it's important to go over You stay with demons. You stay with all kind of situations. And God can't bless you because you're not in the promised land. You're still in the wilderness. Your possession lays in the promised land. So you have to go over Jordan. [Music] [Applause] Now you ram again. Amen. They didn't cross over. That's right. So Jesus comes for one soul crosses the ocean. And he goes to a place called Gadara. Right? You remember went for one soul. One man, one man in the whole city of Gdara. Plus the man is possessed with demons. Over 2,000 demons in this man. But Jesus went for him. He was living among the tombstones and the graves. And God Jesus comes and as he put his foot on the land, the demons knew, hey, he has a son of God here. And these demons came running and and fell before him and said, "Did you come to torment us?" So they know there's a tormenting time coming. says, "Noah." And they asked for permission to go into the pigs, right? And Jesus gave them. And the pigs didn't even want to live with him. They drowned themselves. [Applause] And you find people's is prepared to live with those demons. Major demons. But this is going to shock you. He went there for that one soul and he changed him and the man wanted to follow him and he said no stay here go back to your family and whatever you know but you know what Jesus says it's the same tribe of Gad come on now gadara come on now gad he says that was the same people that's right that didn't want to possess the land there Jesus came to the very same people and they didn't want to have him have a revival in their city. They were rather prepared to live with those demons and devils. So you see why it's important cuz down the road you have children down the road you have family and you and you were challenged in the service by the Holy Spirit to change your life to get rid of that spirit to admit it because you see down the road it's got further consequences. They thought what they did there not by crossing over it stopped there. No. When Jesus came here, look how many thousands of years down he comes to the same place. And because they rejected him there, that same generations that came down rejected him here. So you see what you are sitting with now, get rid of it. Amen. Because you are cleaning yourself out. So your child can look at your life and say, "Man, my mother is a Christian. My father is a Christian. Nobody will tell me about them. The way they live, the way they act, the way they speak, the way they do things, you can see they are sons and daughters of God. That blessing that's upon you will have come upon your children and your children's children, brother, because you did something right here." Right. Hallelujah. A Abram paid tithe to Mel, but the Bible says it was uh it was uh uncounted to Levi four generations down. It says Levi paid tithes, not Abram. That's right. [Music] I'm going to have to close out. My what an anointing here. Sh. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. So, it's important to do the right thing. That's why I say in this meeting, we can't play. We're no more children, no more babies. We can't chuck our toys constantly out of the out of the cot or out of our playfield. If this church is not right, I leave this one. There's so many other churches. I go to that church. Problem says, he can never adopt you. He can never adopt you cuz you're hop hopping from church to church, challenging the pastor, doing this. How can he adopt you? So, you need to be consistent. Hallelujah. Now, you know that word is a big word. Consistency produces results. Right, brother? I seen that the man at the pool of Bethesda went for 38 years consistent. Every day he went whether he got a blessing or not. He didn't say no man nothing happened in the service. I'm not no next day he was there again. The angel might just come today. Hallelujah. He might just happen today. It might just happen tonight. He didn't stay away. He was consistent for 38 years. The man went and he kept coming. He kept coming. I didn't get my blessing. I didn't get my but the man kept coming. Consistency. So much so, brother Peter, that when the angel in flesh, he didn't come to stir the water. Proverb says he walked past multitudes of people. And he says one multitude is 2,000. So that there was multitudes. walk past all of them. Bolt with a blind triple. He keeps walking. Where do you think he's going? He went to consistency. Went to the one that was consistent. I don't care if you don't meet me tonight. I'm here tomorrow. Wednesday night, I'm back in the service. Sunday, I'm back in the service. The youth service, I'm not going to miss it. I'm there. You see, God is looking for consistency, man. People that wants him, people that's desperate, and he went for the one soul, healed him, and walked right away and left him. You think God don't know how long you're in the message, and you crying and you praying and you want God to do something for you, mother? You think God don't know you praying for your child and your children and it's 20 years already and nothing has happened and they seem to be getting worse. Don't give up. Keep praying. Keep coming. He might just come tonight. He might just come tomorrow. It might just be this weekend. He'll meet with you. [Applause] We look at Elijah and Elisha. Oh, I'm closing with this. Elisha threw Elijah threw the cloak his mantle over Elisha young man and he felt the anointing and Elijah walked away. This young man what did he do? Amen. He told his mother and father says man I'm going to follow that man chopped up this uh plow wagon and everything burnt it up and he followed Elijah and he says why you coming after me? He says hold your peace. The man had a revelation. watch. He was consistent. So we give up when we don't get it in the first or third meeting. This man said, "No, I'm going." So they leave Gilgal and they go to Bethl. And Elijah, Elijah told him, "I'm going to Bethl." He said, "I'm going with you." Say, "Why didn't you say?" He said, "No, I'm going with you." You see, he had a revelation something. He felt the anointing, the power. Glory. Glory. He says, "And I'm going with you." Then he says, "No, I'm going down to Jericho." He says, "I'm going with you. I'm following you. He says, "Why don't you stay here, man? There's the school of the prophets and there's so many of your friends." He says, "No, I'm going with you." Then Elijah tells him, "Hey, you know what? I'm going to Jordan." Oh, now we Now he's speaking because Jordan is where you die out. Jordan is the sin barrier line that many people don't want to cross. Amen. But you're going to see something if you do cross that sin barrier. Amen. And when he came to Jordan, Elijah took off his cloak, right? And he smoked Jordan. Here's the challenge now. Jordan opened and Elijah walked over. When he turned around, was behind him. Oh God. Brother, it took about 15 years for him to grow up, right? To grow into the mental, so you say, "Everyone wants the mental, but you you haven't matured. You're still acting like a baby. You still have baby ways. You still have to be treated like a baby. You're not matured enough. You haven't grown enough." So, you see the importance. But here this man crosses the barrier and Jordan closes behind them. My did the critics have fun now. Now we're going to see what's he going to do. How is he coming back now? Woo brother. There was now a question. How is this man coming back? He went overboard. God. No, he didn't go overboard. He went past the sin barrier. Let me tell you, when you cross Jordan, you're crossing over the sin barrier. And that's what holds many people back. We not prepared to die out to ourselves, die out to our own ideas and what we think and what we feel. Jordan is death. [Music] Come on. Come on. Preach back. Jordan is death. I have to die out. Raymon has to die. You have to die. When you come to Jordan, you die out. And all of a sudden, there's a fiery chariot with horses of fire. And Elijah climbs up and he asks Elisha, "What would you want me to do?" Oh, hallelujah, brother. He says, "A double portion. A double portion of what you had. I want not one portion. So we don't come to this convention bless me. No, I want a double portion. I want a double portion. Hallelujah. A double portion. And what happened? He said, "You ask a hard thing." But he chucked it down. And there was Elisha. Oh God. And when you read the story, before he even put it on, he tore his own rags. You know how good works. Hallelujah. Brother Cole used to say good self. You know I did nothing wrong. I'm so good. I'm good self. So he tore his scone clothes. And the Bible says our good works is like filthy rags. So you can't even show God your good works. Means nothing. You are predestinated. Hallelujah. Amen. That's how you come by predestination. Your name was on that book. So you So that's what the Bible says. Fore it says uh predestination looks uh fornowledge looks back to predestination. And then you see your name was on the book and you were chosen. And then your predestin looks to destiny to what you were destiny to be. Now brother that that's what keeps me. I tell you when I look at that then I say man this guy yo he's a failure. He's a no good. is nothing. But I got a promise hang in. You predestinated unto adoption. You predestinated to perfection. You predestinated to make it. So he receives the mantle and then when he has it. Oh brother. So yeah, he got the mantle. But he watched how what Elijah did. You see, we have the power. We have the mental. We have the quotes. They have the mechanics. Hallelujah. But what was his words? Hallelujah. Where's the God of who? Of Elijah. And then he struck Jordan. And when he struck it, it opened up and there he went walking across, brother. Why? The man was consistent. He crossed the sin barrier. And he got a double. Oh, can I say it? He got He got double for his trouble. Hallelujah. He got double for his trouble. Come, I tell you, man, you're going to get double for your trouble. Whatever you sacrifice, you're going to get double for your trouble. Hallelujah. It's so a troublesome life, but you're going to get double for your trouble. Keep pressing. Keep going. You get double for your trouble. Hallelujah. And when they saw, listen, man. Oh, I must say this one. And when they saw the anointing upon him, the schools of the prophets say they saw the glory of God all over him. Hallelujah. Brother, they saw his glory, but they didn't know his story. Hallelujah. They saw his glory, but they didn't know his story. They see your glory, but they don't know your story. where you come from, what you've been through, how you've been challenged, how you fell, how you got up. They see your glory, but they don't know your story, brother. They saw Brother Brennham's glory, but they didn't know his story. They're going to see the bride's glory one of these days, but they don't know your story, brother. God bless you. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh, give him praise tonight. Give him praise tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, my my my Oh, hallelujah. Glory be to God. We appreciate brother Raymond Thompson tonight. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, what a victory. What a victory. Adopted sons going to come into manifestation. Oh, hallelujah. My my my [Music] mymen. Amen. I feel like shouting. I feel like praising. I feel like worshiping. I feel like letting go. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. City no city no city no [Music] s give him a shout of praise. Hallelujah. be my [Music] sister. Oh, no. No. No. No. My name will be so my name will be [Music] oh so my [Music] Oh, this is your time. Oh, [Music] she s [Music] [Music] some [Music] praise. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. [Music] Oh, [Music] she Oh, is [Music] [Applause] for [Music] oh [Music] city oh my know my name [Applause] [Music] time. Oh, she give a shout of praise. Say, oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Oh [Music] my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. You're going to come into manifestation. Pray for the road gets thr. But God is on our side. He has not forgotten us. He will not forsake the ones that seek his face. We are the generation of them that seek thy face. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Worship him tonight. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my. What a word tonight. Give me a key for all power, all honor. and all glory to you. We give the glory back to Jesus tonight. Oh, lift up your hands right now. You begin to worship him in your own way now. Begin to Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Let the glory of El Shadai descend upon you tonight and baptize you with his love and power is our prayer for you tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] All glory, all power to [Music] you, all honor, all honor, all glory, [Music] all power. To you, to you, holy father, holy father, we worship you. We worship you. Oh precious Jesus, oh my savior. Oh, Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, we wait on you, Lord. Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, we wait on you, Lord. We wait on for fire. For fire. [Music] Oh, for fire. For fire. Yeah. Oh, one more time. All honor, all glory. All power. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] All glory. All [Music] power to thee. Holy father. One more time. Holy father. [Music] We wait on you. We wait on precious Jesus. Precious Jesus. My savior. My savior. My savior. Holy Spirit. Oh, we wait on you. One more time. Oh, Holy Spirit. Oh, we wait on you. Oh Lord, for you, oh Lord. Oh Lord, for higher. Now you just worship him in your own way tonight. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. We want the fire tonight, Lord Jesus. We want your anointing, Lord Jesus. Oh, you just begin to worship. You just begin to talk to the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. You press your way tonight. The Holy Spirit is here tonight. The angel is here tonight. The Lord of hosts, the God of the God of healing, Eli, the mighty God is here tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Let's worship him. Let's praise him tonight. Let's lift your hands. Let's worship him tonight. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I enter the holy of holies. I enter through the blood of lamb. Oh, I am to worship you. Oh. [Music] Oh. To honor I am. Oh Lord. I worship you. Lord I [Music] worship you. Oh God. Lord I will worship you. Lord I worship. Lord I worship you. Lord I worship. I worship you. Lord I worship you. Oh Lord for your name is holy. Holy soul. Holy, oh Lord. Oh, for your name is holy. Oh, for your name is holy. Holy. Holy are you, Lord. One more time. One more time. tonight. Oh, one more time. One more time. So, oh Lord. Oh, now give him a shout of praise [Music] tonight. Oh, hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Send out the fire. Send out the fire. Send out the fire. Send out the fire. Consume our sacrifice. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh. Fill this room with worship. Fill this room with worship. Shout unto the Lord. The Holy Spirit is here tonight. The angel is here tonight. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Feel me right now. Feel me right now. Feel me right now. Feel me right now. Send your anointing. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, you just cry out in your own way. You cry out. You press your way tonight. Oh, God. I want the Holy Spirit. Lord, I need your presence. Lord, I need your power. Lord, I need your spirit. Go past the sound barrier. Go past the barrier in your mind, in your spirit. Tear down the walls of the enemy. This is your night tonight. This is your night to be delivered. This is your night to be set free. Don't let the devil hold you back. The devil is a liar. The devil is a liar. The devil is a liar. The devil is a liar. He's a liar. He's a liar. Our God is a [Music] liar. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, go pass [Music] yourself. Take me past the outer court into the holy [Music] place, past the praise and alter. Lord, I want to see your face. Take me past the crowd of people and the priests who sing their praise. Lord, I hunger and thirst for righteousness and it's only found one place. So take me to the holy of holy. Hallelujah. Oh, take me by the blood of the lamb. Oh, take me to the holy of holy. Oh, take the cleanse my eyes here. Oh, in the outer court I'm justified. Yes, Lord. In the inner court made clean. But in the holies of holies is the Holy Ghost itself. A mighty presence of Jehovah. And I a prisoner of love. Oh, help me that you may rise in me. A capstone of love. So take me in to the [Music] Woo. Oh God. Oh, take me to the holy holy. Take the cold, cleanse my ear. Oh, just worship him tonight. [Music] [Applause] [Music] to the holy holy. [Music] Take the cold, cleanse my lips. Here I am. Oh, take the cold. Cleanse my lips. Here I am. Take the cold. Cleanse my lips. Here I am. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. We sing one more song before we get ready to close. His presence is all over this place today. Oh, hallelujah. What a message tonight. My God. Hallelujah. I love you forever with all my heart with all my heart. Oh, I love you forever. [Music] Forever. Forever. You're my king. Let's take it up. Oh, I'll serve you. I serve forever with all my heart. Oh Lord, I'll serve you for forever [Music] forever for ever. Turn around, shake someone's hand. Amen. Turn around, greet somebody. Tell them I love you forever. Hallelujah. With all my heart. Oh, I love you, Lord. I love you [Music] forever. Forever. Forever. You're my king. Oh, I'll praise you. I'll praise you forever with all come my heart. Oh, oh, I praise you forever forever. You're my king. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. What an anointing. What a presence in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just pause as we want to pray for ti offering tonight. Amen. We pick them up. Heavenly father, we just pause. Pick up the ti offering. Pray your blessing. Use the use it for the fullness of the gospel, Lord. In Jesus name we pray and ask it. Amen. And amen. Forever you're my [Music] king. You are [Music] forever. And I'll serve you forever. Forever. Ooh, forever. You're my king. One more time. I love you. Oh, I love you. I love you [Music] [Applause] forever [Music] with Oh, I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Oh, forever. Oh, forever. Forever. Oh, now give the Lord a shout of praise tonight. Oh, forever. Hallelujah. Forever. Oh, hallelujah. Forever. Oh, hallelujah. With all my heart. Oh, I love you. I love you forever. Forever. Oh, forever. One more time. I love you. Oh, [Music] sing. I love you forever. All my heart I love you [Music] Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Forever young. the small [Music] hands. Father, we thank you for your divine love and your presence. We thank you for your son and servant, brother Thompson. We pray that your anointing be upon him. Recharge them and strengthen them. Bless him. Bless him, his wife, his family, his church. Be with him in a special way. Bless the believers, Lord, as they go to their homes. May your presence be with each one and bring us back tomorrow to continue to worship and to honor you and to glorify you, Father. Have your way among your people. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. Have your seats. Oh, we have a praise. Micah ovit is thanking the Lord for a safe delivery of a beautiful baby girl this morning. We say congratulations to brother Micah and his wife. Praise the Lord. Oh hallelujah. Come and sing some song of dismiss. God bless [Music] you. Come. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Well, I went to a meeting one night and my heart was right. Well, and something caught a hold of me. blessing. I went to a meeting one and my heart was right. Oh, and something got a hold of [Music] me. It was the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. Oh, it was the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. the Holy [Music] Ghost. I went to a meeting one night and my heart was right. Oh, and something got a hold of me. Now I went to a meeting one night and my heart and something got a hold on me. Well, I'm going to stay on the battlefield now. I'm going to stay on the battlefield. Well, I'm going to stay on the battlefield. Oh, well, I'm going to stay on. I'm going to stay on the battlefield. Hallelujah. I'm going to stay on the battlefield till my Jesus come. Oh, hallelujah. Well, I'm going to stay on the battlefield. I feel like staying on the B. Oh, I'm going to stay on the path of you till he comes. Well, I'm going to stay on. Oh, I feel like staying on the battlefield. Well, I'm going to stay on the battlefield till he come. Oh, because I went to a meeting one night and my heart Oh, it was right. Oh, and something got a hold of me. Oh, well, it was the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. Oh, it was the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. Oh, the Holy Ghost. Well, I went to a meeting one night. Well, and my heart. Oh, it was right. Oh, and something got a hold. Oh, yeah.
