################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-08-29 - God’s Purpose Expressed Through The Acts Of Believers - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-08-29
Title:   God’s Purpose Expressed Through The Acts Of Believers - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f41nkiO07Y8
========================================

Well, this is Oh, preach back to me. This is the day that the Lord has made. That the Lord, I will and I will rejoice. Oh, and I will rejoice and be glad in it and be glad in this day that the Lord has made. And I will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. Oh my. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify his name. Oh, I came to Lord the name of the Lord. I came to glorify his name. Oh, I came to Lord the name of the Lord. I came to Lord. Oh, I came to glory. The name of the Lord. I came to glorify where I came to glory. I came to glorify. I came to glorify. Oh, I came to the name of the Lord. I came to glorify. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Oh what have you come to do this morning? Oh hallelujah. What have you come to do this morning? We come to worship. We come to make a joyful noise unto the Lord. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well I came to the Lord with the name of the Lord. I came to his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify. One more time without the music. Oh, I came to Lord. I came to glorify the name. Oh, I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify. Oh, one more time. I came to glorify the name. [Music] [Applause] I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify for the last time. Oh, I came to glorify. Oh, I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify his name. Are you happy this morning to be in the house of the Lord? Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We just have two notes of praise this morning. Uh, one from Sister Vivian. I was prayed for last week for the virus and now I'm feeling much better. Thank God for his healing virtue. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And another note of praise from brother Aon Matura. He wants to give God praise for the safe delivery of his baby daughter. And the mother is doing well. So you want to thank God. Amen. So this morning, are you on expectation for the word? Are you under expectation for God to speak to your heart? Amen. Just a few announcements before brother Anthony comes back up. Uh there will be no service this Tuesday in Maravalo. Service will continue on Thursday here at the tabernacle. And most importantly, next week Sunday, we will have two services. We'll have the morning service and we'll have our communion service at 300 p.m. So, if there's somebody who's not here, please let them know. Next week, Sunday is going to be two very, very important services. You don't want to miss it. So, turn around, greet your brother and greet your sister in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Make it for real. Real Christ so real to me. Amen. Oh, he's real, real. Oh, Christ so real to me. Oh, and I love him cuz he gave me the victory. Oh, and many people love me. But I can't live without him. And that is why I love him so cuz he's so real. Oh, I know he's real. Real real. Oh, Christ so real to me. Oh, and I love him cuz he g me the victory. Oh, many people doubt him. But I can't live without him. And that is why I love him so cuz he's so real. Oh, I know he's real. Oh, Christ. Oh, and I love him because he glory. Oh my people. Oh, but I can't live without I love him so long time. He's real real real. Christ me the victory. Oh many people. Oh. And that is why I love him so cuz he's so real real to me. [Music] Oh, I love him so cuz he's so real. Oh, he's my rock, my soul, my shield. He's the wheel in the middle of the wheel. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul on this morning. I don't care what nobody say. I'm going to praise him every day cuz he's my rock, my soul. Oh, praise. Oh, if you this morning, well, now he's my Oh, he sing to me. Oh, he's a to my soul. Well, I'm going to praise him. Oh, cuz he's my rock, my soul, my sh. Oh, hallelujah. Well, now he's my rock, my soul. Oh, he's in the Oh, he's the mountain to my soul. I don't care what nobody say. I'm going to praise him every day cuz he's my rock, my sword, my shield. Oh, now give him some praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, come on. Give him a shout of praise. Give him a shout of praise. Give him a shout of praise. Give him a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Praise him every day. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him when the sun go down. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, that's what we're here to do this morning. Oh, well, well, well. Praise him. Oh, we will praise. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. I'm here to praise him. Come on, praise him. Oh, we will praise. Oh, we will praise him when the sun goes down. Oh hallelujah. Oh we will lift your voices. We will time we will oh we will come on somebody serve him. Oh, we will serve him Jesus. Serve him in the morning. Oh, we will serve him in the time. We will serve. Oh, we will serve him. Oh, we worship him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him this morning. Praise. Oh, give him praise. Praise, praise. Oh, we praise him. Oh, hallelujah. Praise him. Oh, now we will pray. Oh, hallelujah. Praise. Oh, praise him, mother, son. Oh, hallelujah. One more time. Oh, we will praise. Oh, we will praise. Oh, praise and praise him in the morning. Oh, and praise him in a good time. Oh, we will praise him. Oh, we praise him. Oh, we praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We had to create an atmosphere this morning of worship and praise unto our God. Oh, give him a shout of praise. Give God a shout of praise this morning. Doesn't matter how you feel. God is worthy of the glory. He is worthy of the praise. He brought you through every trial. He brought you through every test. It was his grace and mercy this morning that brought us through. You're living this moment right now because of Jesus. Somebody say [Music] amen. Amen. Amen. Let's get ready for a special this morning. Your grace and mercy. Oh, somebody praise him this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I can't stay silent. Oh, I'm living right now this morning. Come on. Hallelujah. Oh, and it's because of you. Oh, well. And I want to thank you, Jesus. I praise you. Oh, for [Applause] your mercy. is true. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Praise God. We enter into worship this morning. Praise God. You can have your seats. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wage like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. It was grace that told me safe and grace my face really [Music] preiousness that grace appear. Yeah. The hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love, amazing grace. When we've been there 10, sunny years, bright shining as the sun. We've known less days to sing God's grace than when we first began. My chains are gone. Oh, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like of his mercy rings, unending love. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. You can sing with me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. A hopeless case, an empty space. If not for grace, where would I be? Where would I be? God only knows. I'm glad he sees through eyes of love. A hopeless case an empty space if not for grace. Let's take it off. Oh my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me like a fl his mercy unending love. Amazing. One more time. Let's sing one more time. Amazing grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, give God a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes Lord Jesus. We thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh wonderful. How many appreciate that special this morning? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, what a time of worship. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's keep on singing. My chains are gone. Oh, I've been set free. My God, my Savior, my God, my Savior has ransomed me. Like a fl his mercy. His mercy rings on every love. Amazing gra amazing. Amazing. Awesome. Awesome. [Music] Oh, let's greet somebody in Jesus name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let's worship the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Give him praise people. Give him praise. Give some praises. Where I be? Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] empty [Music] space. If not, let us bow our heads. Father, this is our testimony this morning, where would we be this morning but for your amazing grace? Let us shine light in our path that we could see where to walk in a dark and terrible hour. Father, we bless your name and we thank you for evening light. We thank you for the light of the gospel. We thank you for 20th century prophet that you sent to us before the terrible day of the Lord. Oh, we appreciate your mercy and your grace extended to us. We wretched, miserable, but your love Lord reached down to pick us up out of the miry clay. Father, we bless you. We invite you in our midst to have the preeminences, have the oversight. Look into our lives and God may not leave you the same way we came, but may you visit us in a special way. In the name of Jesus, we bless your wonderful name. And father, I pray you visit Morin Mitchell in a special way also with your healing, virtue, and touch. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. You may be seated. Oh, pray. Keep on playing verse the song. Where would I be? That's my testimony. I don't know about you, but that's my testimony. I don't know where I will be, but for the grace of God. You love him this morning. Oh, I don't know about you, but I come here to worship. How many come here to worship this [Music] morning? Hallelujah. While you sit in your seat, just think about him. Meditate upon his love. Meditate about his grace. Meditate about his supernatural presence and power. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Where would I be? Where would we be this morning? If grace places us where we are, who are we to knock somebody out, beat somebody up, sit down on somebody's head, walk on somebody's back, curse somebody. Hallelujah. And we are only where we are but the grace of God. We are in the palm of his hands. If you move it, we fall. So be careful. You're in the palm of his hands. If you shift it, you're going to fall. That's right. So, you are here by the grace of God. [Applause] Do you know what a revival is? A revival is a move of God in power. Amen. Not man moving. Hallelujah. God moving. Amen. Amen. That's what the prophet said. A revival is what? Say it after me. A move. A move of God in power. In power, not in talk, in power. In power. Power to cast out devils. Power to heal the sick. Power for sinners to come at the altar. Power people around the altar without even making an altar call. That's a move of God. Amen. Not a man move but a God move. And when God decide to move, no man could stop him. No man could hinder him. When God decide to move on your life or your family life, nothing going to stop it because your season has come. Your hour has come. And when your hour come, nobody could change that, stop that, rearrange that. But God bless. No man can curse. Amen. Oh, I am happy this morning. Where would I be? Where would you be? But for the grace of God, you have something to shout about. You have activity in your limbs. You could still stand up. You could still raise your hands. You can still shake your neck a little bit. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Glory. Hallelujah. You still have something to shout about. Sit down a minute. You may have failed God. You may have sinned. But I don't think you have committed the unpardonable sin. So there is still room for blood. There is still room for redemption. There is still room for restoration. I don't think you will be here if you had committed the unpardonable sin. Because you're here this morning. It mean there's a desire in your heart to be reconciled to God and to get closer to God. And once there's a desire in your heart, there's a God that could meet you and meet that desire that's in your heart. Amen. So last Sunday we had by these precious revealed promises. Amen. Was the title the subject was partakers of his divine nature and the inspiration was possessing your individual inheritance. Amen. This is the challenge here. That last one possessing your individual inheritance. Amen. Because what people have learned for the past 100 years or church these church ages thing is is group thing is is church thing. And and and sad to say it doesn't have that. Amen. At the end of the day, you have to say like Caleb, now therefore, give me my mountain. Amen. Amen. There's a couple of things inside of there. Now, therefore, right now, give to me, not them. It's my own. My means ownership. Mountain we have to take. Notice that give me my plane. We just walk flat in it. It's a mountain. You have to look up. You have to climb. You have to make an effort. The mountain not falling on you. You have to take it. It's not coming to you. That is one mountain that's not moving. That is mountain must be taken. So you have to say I want it. It's mine. Faith is mine. Come on. Virtue that's mine too. What about knowledge? What about temperance? What about patience? What about godliness? This divine nature. It's a mountain. Hallelujah. And the higher you go is the less people you see. Give the Lord a shout. You may be seated. Glory. The higher you go. The less people you see because it gets steeper. It gets sharper. You get more cuts. You get more bruises. You get more honing. You get more trials because you bring forth fruit. He has to prune you to bring forth more fruit. You have to get much fruit. Is there people in the house this morning? That want to give the Lord a shout? Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Okay. So, your behavior is what sets you out to adoption. All right. Amen. That is why it's not only ministers going to be adopted. There going to be some sisters that going to be adopted also. Praise God. And that those sisters, they are not going to be preaching sisters. They're going to be living sisters. Living this not like Mother Teresa, you know, this is not this dead saint thing, you know. This is living saints. Hallelujah. Praise God. Do you believe that? Sons and daughters going to be adopted. Do you believe that? Amen. Hallelujah. So this is just recapping but I want to just strike something small. I was just thinking about it on put interviews and I might not have it all together but I'll just say what come to my mind. Sometimes going to interview everybody have the same qualification have a degree who have subject and so on but then they filter you further than that a little deeper than that because that is just intelligence passing papers and whatn not and job skills and stuff like that. There's something called a psychometric test. It's a big word. It's not a common word, but it's designed to test your behavior and tendencies. Amen. Because the people want the best people for their company. They want to have the best fit. So having the best qualifications doesn't mean you have the best fit. You may not be you may be antisocial. They may not want to mix with others. You may be like to work solo and that job may cause for a non-solo worker. You have to interact with many many people. So they have these tests and they give stories ask you where you fit in the family if you get in an accident and this happen how you're going to behave and you don't know what they're looking for you just give answers and sometime people fail that even though they have the degree and they have the qualifications but because of different personality issues and pro they want to profile you that is what they look for then they could snatch you up into the company and get the very best and the company only could be great as the people in it are great. The company could only be powerful as the people in it are powerful. So these companies, they want the best. So let's flip it now. Our God, he run the company. [Applause] A company of saints. Hallelujah. A company of believers. People are qualified. They have books. They have tapes. You may be seated. They know what the prophet said. Yes. You know what? In this book and in this tape and and that book, they're qualified. But then it have something called the psychometric test. God doesn't have that name. It have the behavioral test. Have a virtuous test. Have a test on character. So then the interviewer come and give you this trial and that trial to see how you going to behave. If you're going to pass that test, oh hallelujah. It's not who going to talk the talk. It's who going to walk that talk. Oh, glory to God. That life really shakes up, you know. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Do you believe that? So, I wanted to get that to you. It's a little more than written word. It's a little more than saying I believe. It's a little more than that. We said the same power. This is quote somebody brand just summarizing for last week just to connect to this Sunday. Same power in Jesus rest in placed sons in the body of Christ. Specific placed sons. But the brand the Joshua commission took us over into the new Holy Ghost land on the back of the book. He said, "Break to us the seals." On the back of the book because Joshua entered in his land to divide inheritance of the people. So he put the back of the book the seven thunders as the new land of promise. Amen. Holy Ghost lamb. Hallelujah. He went even deeper. He said we are now living by the evidence of the new land of the son of man. So the Solomon is the evidence of the new land and the son of man is the word revealed. Amen. So he Malachi 4 came to introduce the son of man. Yes sir. The son of man was veiled in a son of man. Amen. So it's on books. It's on tapes. His mysteries hidden right there being unfolded to his elect. So we are now even in 2016 living by the evidence of the new land. We are now I'm say it again. We are now we are now living by the evidence of the new land. Somebody crossed over. Somebody went back and bring a testimony. It have spoken word in it. It have stopping the elements in it. It have creation in it. It have before the doctor's hand touches my wife the tumor will go down. It have that in it. It have little fishy I give you back your life. It have resurrection in it. Somebody went over and brought a witness that we are not normal people. We're not ordinary people. We belong to a different class. We belong to a God class. [Applause] Oh, give the Lord a shout. You sit there looking at me normal, normal, normal. And you are different class of people all together. Praise God. The Bible said the people that know their God shall be strong and do great exploits. My God, you can't sit there like you are nobody. Praise God. Wanted the best. That's why he leave you for last. Oh, he leave the best for last. Tell somebody that he leave the best for last. Tell somebody that. [Applause] [Applause] I know some of you getting a fight to say amen. You know, because you don't believe you're the best. But that's not you judging that. It's not you judging yourself. It's not you call yourself. It's who he found you. He called. You can't feel like the best. There's not a feeling job. Jesus never said feelest thou this. He said believe us thou this. So I'm not asking you to believe you are the best. I'm asking you to believe God. [Applause] You say, "But when I'm in trouble, that's why he called you." You say, "But I'm troublesome." That's why he called you. He wasn't calling you because you're troublesome, you know. He called you because your name on the book. That's all. That's all. You ain't call it because you have gray hair, black hair, because you're tall, you're short, whatever it is in this family, he could have put you out of space. You still have to come. You're not hearing what I'm saying. I don't care if your mother was a prostitute and your father was a drunkard. He still had to come. I don't care who God put you as your parents because you can't choose them. Come on now. You couldn't choose your mother or your father. Oh, could we get the Lord a shout? Neither could you choose who your father is. Hallelujah. says, "I come from God. I go back to God." You're going to get a revival. You're going to get a revival. It belongs to [Applause] you. You may be seated. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Still trying to find myself here. Amen. So this promised land is to live in the land of the Holy Spirit and the guide was released by the prophet for 1966. That guide that he preached on was to guide us to a wonderful glorious baptism of the Holy Ghost where there is virtue and knowledge and temperance and patience and godliness and brotherly kindness. No, come like a child riding a bike. You have to have extra wheel, three wheel, extra wheel cuz the child don't know how to balance yet. After a while, the two wheels at the side, one wheel gone and then the other training wheel gone and the child is on his own. Then it's no more a conscious effort to ride. It's a unconscious effort. Jump on the bike and ride. But the child didn't automatically get there. It had extra wheels to train him that he become accustomed to this movement. Well, you can't just get them virtues and just get there. You have to have some training wheels that exerciseing wheels that you can exercise the virtue and exercise the patience and exercise of God and exercise. You have to have some training wheels. You have to have an effort to ride that bike. And after a while, it will be operating in you from your subconscious level where you're not trying to be nice because you're a Christian and you're supposed to be nice. No, no, no. You're just nice because you're just nice. Oh, God. Give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, hallelujah. You may be seated. Hallelujah. So, we talking about what we are preaching becoming ingrained in your spirit. Amen. In other words, the word start to become flesh. Said it start to ooze out inside of you. Hallelu. Do you understand what I'm saying? You choose not to be a church member. They're just listening and just listening like they're just listening. But you are elect that the word that you're hearing becomes a conductor of the spirit to get into your life. Because what you're hearing is at a mental level, but there's a channel, hallelujah, that drops down from the mind to the heart. So, Brother Brandon said, "The mind is the womb to the soul." So, you're not really here to be entertained. You're not just here to be informed. You're here to be in the spirit that the spirit could reveal his word to you. Oh, give the Lord a shout of praise. You may be seated. Are we going to go to the scriptures? So don't waste one minute of this service. [Applause] Let's do like give the last service you're going to hear. Hallelujah. The wrath of God is about to strike. And this is the last service. You want every word. When you leave here, you can pray for your children. When you leave here, you can say, "Devil, get out right now. You have to hear what I'm saying. I don't have the power, but I have the authority to cast you out. Let me be seated. At this point, before we approach the scriptures, you have no enemies outside. Amen. Don't blame your wife, your husband, your brother, sister, father, mother, uncle, auntie, boss, neighbor, nobody. It's just you. You and your demons, [Music] you and your struggles, you and your battles that you going to have victory over. Amen. Because before Jesus was loosed under his road of adoption, God loosed him in the wilderness first. Not with no crowd, not with a bunch of deacons backing in. Jesus, you can make it. You can make it. Jesus, I'm with you. He was led by the spirit into the wilderness to overcome all by himself. Say after me, all by myself. All by myself. That's how it's going to be. Give the Lord a shout in the [Applause] house. When he overcome himself, God could trust him in power. [Music] Hallelujah. Here are the principle and laws. Brother man say usually when somebody get blessed, they get puffed up. Blessing hit them. There's somebody. God only a little drop in. God testing them. A little drop, a little blessing. Now that drop from God is a big drop, but it's instead of that drop, you have a whole pint, a love and blessing to pour upon you. A little drop and all of a sudden you stop coming to church. You know what I mean? You're up there somewhere. So God looking for somebody, the more he blesses, is the more humble they become. And for the ministry, he say take a humble heart dedicated to God to bring Jesus Christ into present tense. So all the promises are there waiting for faith in somebody's heart to make it come alive. Are you going to make it come alive? But a Brandon said a minister cannot bring a revival. So super preacher, super personality, that's finished. Hallelujah. Waste of time. Try to hold on to a man, waste of time. Don't even try that here. The the revival have to come by the people. You have to bring the revival. You got to know what's in you. You have to be a revivalist. You have to come to make something happen. You have to come to start the fire. If you had to hot the coals on the stove, hot it on the stove. But afterwards, it have to catch a fire. You have to blow. But do something. Don't let that fire go out. Don't let the fire I don't care if a little a little thing burning. So, a little smoke, a little Amen. Come and blow on it. Wave on it. Say amen on it. Shout on it. But my God, don't let the devil out the light that's in your soul. Oh, yeah. Shouting out. You may be seated. Ah, I'm going to get scriptures. I'm on my Trying to get fast as I could. Amen. Hallelujah. In the early church, God was a God of the audience. God of the people. They took God from the audience and put it on a man. Eventually, he become a pope. God say I hate it. I hated the deeds of the nicolatans where the lady is conquered and something came back to me with brother Brham on the platform on the discernment. Watch this. He's on the platform. People get numbers and how to fight for numbers to get numbers to get in the prayer line. You're up top of the platform. All of a sudden he's going to somebody and say the pillar fire move over there. That woman across there so and so. You know it struck me. God is a God of the audience. Amen. God allowing nobody to interfere. Once the audience pull that fire, they they have to get it. So the prophet is up here, but the audience fire pulling. So he he have to move with the fire. And I'm saying God is a God of the audience. You could pull that fire. You could pull that anointing. You could pull your healing. Don't bother. Don't bo about the preacher. Give the Lord a shout in the in the house. Glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah, watch this. Even though the person on the platform, God put prominence to what was happening in the congregation with faith pulling on the pillar of fire. Your faith could pull on that fire. That God could give you what you have need of before you even go home. The sick person that you have home, they could be healed by your faith. Oh, could we stand this morning? Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We want to go into the scriptures. Deuteronomy 29 29. Colossians 1 26-29, Revelation 4:1-5. And my title this morning is God's purpose expressed through the acts of believers. God's purpose expressed through the acts of believers. My subject is what God's great goal is. I phrase it that way. The way Brother Abraham said it, I could have said, "What is God's great goal? But I put it what God's great goal is. Inspiration becoming a partaker of his divine nature. So let's read Deuteronomy 29 verse 29. God bless you. Welcome. There are some believers here from the world. I think I see water down there. God bless you. Welcome to our Sunday morning service. Reading from uh Deuteronomy 29:29. The secret things belong unto the Lord our God. But those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children forever that we may do all the words of the Lord. Colossians 1 reading from verse 26. Even the mystery which had been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory, whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom, that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus, where unto I also labor, striving according to his working, which workketh in me mightily. And Revelation chapter 4, you want to read from verse 1 to 5. After this, I looked, and behold, a door was open in heaven, and the first voice which I heard were as it were a trumpet talking with me, which said, "Come up hither, and I will show thee things which must be hereafter." And immediately I was in the spirit. And behold, a throne was set in heaven, and one sat on the throne. And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper, and a satine stone, and there was a rainbow round about the throne, in sight like unto an emerald. Round about the throne were 420 seats. And upon the seats I saw 420 elders sitting, clothed with white reignment, and they had on their heads crowns of gold, and out of the throne proceeded lightnings, and thunderings, and voices, and there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven spirits of God. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word, God. May you inspire the word to our hearts this morning. We wait on you. May the pillar of fire drop down here this morning and speak life to your people, oh God. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And amen. You may be seated. Oh, praise God. That title again, God's purpose expressed through the acts of his believers. Amen. Amen. Habac 2 says, "I will stand upon my watch and set me upon a tower and will watch to see what he will say unto me and what I shall answer when I am reproved." The Lord answered me and said, "Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readth it. For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak and not lie. Do it, Terry. Wait for it, it shall surely come. Amen. Hallelujah. Write the vision. And make it plain. Well, that's what brother Brandon came on to do. Write to the bride a vision. Amen. And over 40, 50 plus years, the vision was supposed to be made plain to the people. Amen. That we could run. Yes sir. That we could act. Hallelujah. Not that we could just read but that we can do. These are action words. The secret things belong to God. But the things that are revealed. All these promises belong to us and to our children. What's the purpose? That we may do all the words of the Lord. So the object is not just forformational purposes. The object is to get us into action the object is to influence us to perform and to achieve and to fall into a channel of God's purpose and God's accomplishment that we can act as believers. Walk as believers, talk as believers, live as believers, not unbelievers, not make believers, but as believers. Do you believe that? Amen. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, brother Brenam after the seals. Yes. After all these great mysteries, he came up and said this message going to summarize everything. This one message. And he preached the message called the token. Amen. The greatest message and inspiration to preach, he said, was the token. I want to just bring some things back. There's a purpose that we're doing this. Amen. This morning, think about it now. It had trumpets, vials, thunders, seals, mysteries, and yet he zoomed into a target. Amen. Of the token, when I see the blood, all right, I'm going to pass over you. And that's the even time message is to apply the token. He he is searing to a bullseye. It have a lot of loose ends. A lot of things with what happened in the Garden of Eden and information and the Pope and Rome and Los Angeles and all of that and all that is frills around the target. But the target, the bullseye, what you're aiming at, what you're longing for, what you're pressing on to is the token. Oh, could we give the Lord a shout in the house? No, no, no. Paul said it this way. Amen. He didn't say I press towards the mark. He didn't say that. All right. He said forgetting the thing that I passed. I press. You want to press, you have to forget. [Applause] Did you hear me? Did you hear what I'm saying? Amen. If you want to hit target, you can't be hitting target and you're looking so you're looking so you're looking so come like you're in the Olympics and you're running and you're looking so is a race. You're taking time off to drink some juice. You're looking to come last. You're not looking for you want to say you already run. Listen, ahead of us is just two things. Rapture or tribulation. Amen. She get inside. But if you want to stay here, that's fine. I move it. No. I'm not staying with you. No. Hallelujah. I'm not staying with no church and no tribulation. I appreciate there be no tribulation saint trying to understand why I missed it. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not doing that. I'm preaching because there's a rapture. be seated. And there's a rapture because listen, listen. This is important. There is no way out. [Applause] You could put two thing in your ears and hear music whole day that can't get you out. You could sing message songs whole day that can't still get you out. You could put some books and sleep on it. That still can't get you out. There's only one way out. faith, virtue, knowledge, time and temperance, patience, godliness. The same way Enoch went out, Enoch walked with God. And was not Hallelujah. Not with church. He walked with God. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Some of you need some props to walk. You have to have this friend. You have to have this family member. I You have to, you know, it's not God first, it's family first, family second, family third. You have to walk with God alone. Amen. Friend, or no friend, sink or drown. Get this bomb. Whether I maintain my family or not, let me maintain Christ. Because that's the mystery. What's the mystery? Christ in you. Hope of glory. This mystery that was hidden from ages now being made manifest. What is going to be? Christ. Where? In some book. No. In some prophet back there. No. Christ in you. So all what we are coming into is to produce Christ in you. the hope of glory. Are you with me? Let's go. Then the blood was a token for identification. The blood watch identify that the worshipper had slain the lamb. If there was no blood, it mean the lamb alive and kicking. The fact there's blood is because you killed the lamb. You put your hands on the lamb and you're all bloodied up. When I see the blood, I'm going to pass over you. You have to kill the lamb to get the blood. It means a price has been paid. It means you apply to the doorpost because the death angel passing, not the pastor, not the deacon, not the church elder, not some nice brother, not some precious minister, brother, pastor. It is death angel. He's not asking what church you belong to. He's not asking who your pastor is. But I see the blood I'm going to pass over you. Come on, help me somebody. Help me preach. That's why Ram zoomed in on the token. He zoomed in on the target. [Music] [Applause] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. My so many people. Watch. All right. And he was not ashamed. He didn't care who saw it. He wanted everybody to see it. It was placed in a position that everybody passing by could see that token. Listen young people, young people in particular. Everybody could have seen that token on the doorpost. So many people want to be Christians. They want to do it secretly. Nobody would know that they were Christians. They associate, they run around with some of them think, well, you know, I want to become a Christian, but I don't want so and so to know about it. You see that's not Christianity. Christianity has to display its token publicly. [Applause] So it have no private Christianity. I'm a private person that Yeah, you a private person. But that is not what is being taught here. Christianity has to have the token. Praise God. It's a public thing. So you you is a public servant, not the government kind of. Amen. public life, at the office, on the street, when trouble is around, in the church, everywhere, the blood is a token. And the token must be applied. Must be applied. Say it again. Applied. Say it again. Applied. Applied. Now, we not even talking about apply. We talking about displayed. It coming to But before you can display it, you have to apply it. Hallelujah. They got hiss up. Baron said was common. Please take hiss up and just dip it in the blood and apply it on the doorpost. When I see the blood, I'm going to pass away. The blood was a token of identification. Identifying this person was redeemed. And they were redeemed before anything had happened by faith. They applied the blood. Before it actually happened. Amen. The blood was applied by faith believing it was going to happen because the wrath of God passed through the land. The blood had to be applied first. It was too late after the rat had fallen. Amen. So judgment is set. It's not coming. It is already set. It is fixed. The judgment of God arrow has already been loosed. There's only one way to be under the blood, under the token under God's covenant. He's not talking about your sins. He's not talking about your failures. He's not talking about your shortcom. He's not talking about that. He's talking about the blood. He's talking about the token. He's talking about the come. How many understands that? Same with a woman at a well. You meet the woman in a well. He wasn't coming to talk about her sins, her failures, how much man she had, how much man she with, who she with now. He wasn't talking about that. He come to tell her her name is on the book woman. If you understand your name is on the book, you'll be liberated. You'll be free. Yes, you will break out. [Music] you would realize you don't have to live that way no more. And who the son of man set free is free indeed. Come on, give the Lord some praises. Now watch. When I see the blood, I will pass over you. Amen. Nothing else would work. It must be the blood. Now the Holy Ghost is our token. Hallelujah. Did you hear that? The Holy Ghost is our token. I don't know what other people have as their token, but for us, the Holy Ghost. [Applause] [Music] Not this church is your token. Sorry. Amen. I am not your token. Amen. Hallelujah. I hope you get that good, right? Amen. Yeah. Hold on to me, pastor. He's my token. Not this man. Not this one. The Holy Ghost, is the token. And when you apply it, you apply it. Nobody can unapply it. Come on now. You applying it as an individual to your house. Somehow there are people that are not saying amen. I'm preaching the word. Amen means so be it. Amen. No, I'm not preaching down to you. You know what I'm hearing you hearing too. You know this is for me also you know. Uhhuh. You mean this is for you brother over? Yes. You you mean the playing field level? Yes. You mean we on the same page? Yes. You mean we all waiting on the promise of God? Yes. You mean we all waiting for dynamics? Yes. You mean you know up here and we are down here? No. You mean we all in the upper room? Yes. We be all under a promise of God. Yes. All looking for inheritance. Oh yes. Oh give the Lord a shout in the house. [Applause] The token today is the spirit. Brother Abraham said Paul I could give my body to be burned a sacrifice all my but goods to feed the poor. I have faith in mountains and so forth. I am nothing until the token has been applied. Until this token that I'm speaking about tonight, the love, brother Stephen, until the love now until this has been applied, I am nothing. God expect us to go beyond the love of our own brethren. Because Jesus bought his own disciples and tell them except you exceed the righteousness, Pharisees, you're just like them. They they love their own too. You have to love your enemies. You have to do better than them. You have to go beyond where you are. You can't just love your own family alone. Love your own kind, love your own what you think is your own. No, you got to love like God love. Come on now. Come on. Same as somebody. You got to be able to express the love of God. So all them husband and wife quaries where that going. All that fussing in the home. What what what that is about? Hallelujah. They're not even a test. Most of the time is a bunch of foolishness. Everybody want to have their own rights and nobody want to eat humble pie. Humble pie just too small. Humble pie doesn't make you humble. Must bake some more of that. Amen. Instead of the argument pie or the quarrel pie bake some humble pie. Hallelujah. Jesus taught it not robbery to be equal with God. Hallelujah. but humbled himself and became obedient to go to the cross. Everybody want to be somebody. Everybody want to show up the muscle. All right. So, I don't care. You might cast out devils. You might heal the sick, the prayer of faith. You might have done these things. But if that talk is not there, you are under the wrath of God. Amen. You might be a believer. Hear this. You might stand in the pullpit and preach the gospel. But Abraham was leveling it out. He said many will come to me. He given a scripture in that day and said after I cast out devils in your name that's Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostal. Jesus said depart from me you work iniquity. I never knew you but when I see the token I'm going to pass over you. Then he said the evening time message is to to apply the token. So if he brought a seven thunder seven seal message the purpose of that message for us to apply the token. The token is your assurance. It is your assurance guaranteed. [Music] Hallelujah. Guaranteed that everything going to be all right. [Music] Glory. You may be seated. Listen. Let's go back to Egypt. All right. Blood has been applied. All right. The children under pressure in the daddy's home. All right. question they were asking brother daddy are you sure he said son Moses said that God told him Moses is the messenger of the age Moses brought the word of the Lord Moses said took a lamb I took the lamb Moses said kill the lamb children I killed the lamb Moses said take the blood and put it on the doorpost children I did that and if I did what God at the devil could watch but he can't touch. He could come near but he can't come in. He could go over but he can't come here. Because God said when I see the blood I'm going to pass over. Give the Lord praise in the house. There's going to be a move of God. There'll be a move of the spirit of God. The spirit will be applied to your life. Come on. Jump into it. move into it. Oh hallelujah. You may be seated. Few houses lower down of some priests of some elders. All right. They say we in this thing a long time. We prayed Jehovah a long time. We ain't feeling led. All right. To apply no blood, no seven thunder blood, no seven sealed blood. We don't have to apply faith and virtue. and knowledge and temperance and patience. There were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne of God beside the seven spirits of God. God don't have seven spirits. It is one Holy Spirit manifested in seven parts through seven church ages. God divided the Holy Spirit. But in the last day, he has gathered it up to bring back the token, to bring back his spirit. Go give the Lord a prayer. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Do you see it? Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. This is the message. This is William Brham's message. The token. Okay. Amen. Hallelujah. Satan has thrown a all kind of counterfeits, all right, of shaking hands, all right, and evidences and everything like that. Forget it. Amen. The hour has arrived. That the token itself, not some counterfeit or make believe or anything. The token has got to be there. Watch now. The Holy Spirit, the life that was in the blood is a token unto you. Amen. The Holy Ghost is the token. What's the token? The Holy Ghost. What's the token? Say it out loud. What's the token? The Holy Ghost is the token. Hallelujah. Now, the spirit is the token. And then he quote, "You shall be filled with the Holy Ghost. Not many days hence." That was the theme of every apostle. It was, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? Repent every one of you. Be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Apply it, church. Don't fail, will you? Now, don't don't don't let the sun set. Don't don't don't rest day or night. Hallelujah. Don't take any chances. It won't work, children. It won't work. You must have the token. These are not my words. These are the prophet's words speaking to Brandham Tabernacle. He's telling them it won't work. Let's go on. You say, "I believe. I believe the message." That's all right. But that's good, but you must have the token. He said, "Do you hear brand tabernacle?" You must have the token displayed. So then he went from token to it displayed. It means faith have to come out, virtue have to come out, knowledge have to come out, temperance and it have to come out. It has to come from the inside to the outside. They have to apply it on the inside and it will ooze out on the outside. And when I begin to come out, it's the word become flesh among us. And when the word become flesh, it brings the spirit. The spirit is evident that the word has become flesh. Oh, glory to God. God was the great function of spirit. He was so mysterious. He formed himself into the lowest body called the word a theophony. Oh, hallelujah. He wanted to express himself. And then in the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God and then the word became flesh. So this divine spirit function of spirit wanted a way to get into man. [Music] [Applause] Oh glory spirit too mysterious. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You say you must have the token. Do you hear? You must have the token this place. Without it all your believing is in vain. Amen. You live a good life. You listen to what the word say. You go to church. You try to live right. That's fine. But that's not it. Amen. When I see the blood, that's a token and token here. Watch. He said Moses time. He had to see the actual chemistry because the life had gone. It was an animal. Amen. But now the life itself is the token, not the books and tapes. Amen. People get fight with me when I talk about books and tapes. As if I I'll get books and tapes. Oh, I could be a kids book on tape. I read it from the books. I read it from the tapes. But I'm saying having the books on tape and the Bible on top of your head, that's not the token. Amen. Knowing where said this and paragraph and page number and whatnot, that's not the token. Amen. You know, people used to r that off. Until the program come on the computer. You don't need to have that all in your head. You could just do a research. That's right. Like long time you you have all them encyclopedia by encyclopedia set some big books and you do so and spin page like the whole day spinning pages like that. No Google just replace all of that. Amen. Amen. That's the age we're living in. God bring the pop the message right into your hands. You have a phone right there. You can just get the message any quote you want right inside your hands. But you think God want it inside your hands to read read. You have to run. Had to come flesh inside of you. That's the problem. Everybody reading, everybody knowing, everybody coing, but who going to live and thunder? When the devil see them coming, he say run, run, run. Look, they coming. They're coming. They come run. Look who coming. Somebody have a big spoken book stand up. So the devil moving. Devil come and stand right back to them. He have a spoken book too because devil believe and trembling. So he have books. Everybody have books. Devil line up with them too. But when that life start to come, the devil said, "Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hallelujah. That's the thunder that shakes the devil. Hallelujah. There's coming a short quick message to shake the whole nation. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Brother man, let me tell you today as a servant, unless the token is on the door, there is spiritual death going to strike. All churches are heading back for the council of churches. They are all going back to Catholicism and the only those who are genuine born again is going to stay out. Remember not your Pentecostal denominations cuz they're already in it. Show that they're dead. They perish. They put him outside the door and he's looking for the token because the only thing they relied on was speaking in tongues. Don't you rely upon no speaking in tongues. No nothing else but let the token itself be there. And he says the person of Jesus Christ his own life in you. So friends we have no room to gossip to be indifferent to to to lose time and be distracted. We have to have a burden to receive the life of Jesus Christ. What do you do when you apply to your house? What do you do? Move all the trash out. Get all the short skirts, the cards, the cigarettes, the televisions. You kick them out the door. When you apply the token, won't stand still for it. Take it out. All the dances, parties, rock and roll, vulcan newspapers, all the stuff of the world, get it out the door and say, "We are cleaning out the place around here." So to apply the token is to do something about your situation. Just like the coin of brotherly kindness, to find that coin, you have to clean up the place because that coin was lost and you want to find your brotherly kindness. You find you have no kindness whatsoever. Brotherly or sisterly otherwise. So the coin lost. So you need to find that coin. And Bam says she begin to sweep the floor and swept up. She kept until she found it. And when she found it, she called her sisters and her brother churches, "Come and rejoice with me. I found the coin. If they don't want to come and rejoice, that is their business. But you you found your coin. Hallelujah. They're not happy with you. Unhappy for you. That is their problem. But you are rejoicing because you could forgive now. You could you could drop your ought now. You could call for charity now. When you stand praying for him, the person, the token, the Holy Ghost, you have no oughts in your heart. Then you're ready for the Holy Ghost because God give the Holy Ghost to them who obey him. And the blood for the age is brotherly kindness. So God going to make sure have enough oats around you. Enough people to mash your corn. He have people to hurt you in different ways to see what you going to do. He's not testing them. He is testing you. Now hear what I'm saying this morning. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Let me say it again. He is not testing them. They are there to hurt you. They are there to inflict pain on you. And you are there to act like Christ. Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing. Oh, give the Lord some praises in the house. Jesus on the cross, nails in his hands. Father, bond them. Bunch of rascals. I raised the dead. I healed the sick. I feed them with bread and flesh. Look at them ungrateful people. [Applause] Hallelujah. No, no. He may have rights to do that. Good thing you're not a train. Good. Good thing is Jesus Christ. But in that pain in that suffering, he expressed something because it was the key for the resurrection. He is moving into power. He's suffering. He's in pain, but he's still living the blood for his age. Voice for his age. brotherly kindness because resurrection power is next. And when we hit that top step, we going into the presence of the king because brotherly kindness is the top of the pyramid giving it right to enter into the king's chamber like Queen Esther with the scepter of authority and dominion. Whatever you want, Queen Esther up to half my kingdom. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. But you have to be on a platform of forgiveness. No arts. No grudges, no jealousy, no envy, just a cleaned out life, waiting for your lover, your husband, your mate, even Christ, the revealed word to come to you. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. But the Bible say it will take more than the power of gifts. It will take more than joining church. It will take the birth of the Holy Spirit to break down our walls and to unite us together as one great Christian body moving for one objective. Hallelujah. And one goal. Amen. Let's continue. Hallelujah. From what what does it take to make a Christian life? God intended his church to be a powerful church. Amen. A glorious church. Yes, sir. A church that the whole world could look upon as a bride of Christ, well expected and exposed to live in such an atmosphere and conduct itself in such a way that God will be proud of this church to present it to Christ at the coming of the Lord. Amen. Watch. He said, "Now if the church, okay, God never intended the church to be governed by denomination, neither by creeds. If God only intended for the church to be governed or carried by creeds and denomination and intellectuals, then we do not need the Holy Spirit in the church. Its success will be placed upon intellectuals of the best of us. the better intellectual we would have, the more church progressive we will be. But in the word I find that God did not intend for the church to be governed by intellectual or by theology of man. But the Holy Spirit was given to the church to govern and control the body of Christ. Amen. So any man try to go uh govern the body of Christ, that is a real serious thing, you know, because he could govern bodies but not the body of Christ. Cuz that's a international bride body. Amen. That's a spirit body. As we said on Thursday night, when when you're baptized in water and you get put in water and you bury identify, God will take you on burying your spirit. Amen. Baptizing your spirit. When you come back up, you're soaking wet with spirit. Amen. All inside your spirit, your soul, your body, your being. Hallelujah. Your your your Amen. Your your your drench in the spirit of God. That's what God want to do you. Oh, do you believe that? Amen. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. I am positive sure this morning if men and women could only get into position to where their soul, their thinking, their attitude will be perfect in the sight of God, that would be one of the most powerful churches ever existed. Now, I know some of you know it, some of you may not from blasphemous names. Sister Shepherd had a dream about the Holy Spirit passing over her and waters and different things like that and a rock box and honey being poured into it and so on. And but Ram went and explained the dream and says no group or no church could hold the Holy Ghost. But the group as a group could hold the honey which is forgiveness. That way you can't get by hand by yourself. You can't shake your hand while God bless you. Forgive you. I drop yours. Has to have a group where you interact with people, where you get involved with people, where you get disappointment and so on. Give you the opportunity to say I'm sorry. Forgive me. I cannot see somebody go through the whole Christian life without saying I am sorry. I cannot I cannot expl I I don't accept that. I I cannot accept that. Even God repented and all and you can't repent. God repented when he do Nineveh. He's going to judge Nine. Nineveh repent and God repented of his intention. What he going to do for Nineveh? Hallelujah. So So in other words, so brotherly kindness, spirit of forgiveness give us the opportunity to say, "I'm sorry. Forgive me." And he gave you the opportunity to say, "I forgive you." I forgive you. You You should want to say that. I forgive you by thanks. No, not that part. Leave that part out. I forgive you but you shouldn't do me that. No, no. Do like what God do. Father, forgive them. Forgive as we forgive those who trespass against us. God going to forgive you. Just freely forgive. Drop it. Your visa don't stamp already on your way to glory. Oh my hallelujah. So watch I want to bring back something from there. Now he says now here is what wrong with the brand of tabernacle. There are two kinds of faith. There are two kinds of virtue. Two different kinds of knowledge. All right? Two different kinds of temperance. So we're not talking about painting the trainer itself with temperance and you have a sign mark temperance. I have temperance. No. Or you have a button mark temperance or time mark red. It means you have faith. It doesn't work that way. Or somebody breathing in faith virtue. It doesn't come in that way. All right. by breathing and all these exercises and so on. So it has the natural temperance, natural patience, natural knowledge. It have spiritual temperance, but I don't call it the temperance of Jesus Christ, the patience of Jesus Christ, the knowledge of Jesus Christ. After you get the blood transfusion, and blood transfusion mean they hook you up to the equipment and your blood going out and Jesus blood coming in. That brings in the blood of Jesus. It brings in the faith of Jesus, the virtue. In other words, you become a partaker of his divine nature by your blood going out. H. So he become to get the preeminent in your life. So listen how we bring it now. Patience. Quite pretending to be a nature-given faith. There's a nature-given faith and there's a need virtue. There are some people by nature they are patient. They're very patient. Even Job will be expressed impressed. But but it's not the patience of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's just that is how they are. There are some people could listen and listen and listen and there's some people who could talk very very long. They cast a good morning in two words. They have to say it all over all over. And there's somebody who patience and the patient and time going patience patience going. That is not the patience of Jesus Christ. The patience of Jesus Christ surely have more things to do than that. That's right. Amen. So have natural patience and have Jesus patience. Amen. Now listen to how brother Brandon bringing it here. Now by hearing the word, it brings us to a mental recognition of God. But if this coming from above, if it ever strikes this, which is the Holy Spirit, a godly spiritual faith, then what does that faith do? That faith only recognizes the word. So when you hear the word, it's a mental faith. But when the Holy Ghost take that faith from here and drop it into here, what changes is that faith could only recognize the word. So somebody tell you you feel this and you feel that. It doesn't go by feeling. What does the word say? So no matter what anybody else says is only recognize the word because it's the word, right? So then the word itself is pouring into your faith, our mental faith becomes a spiritual revelation. I was a Catholic but when the Lord shine light on this message upon me, it was revealed to me and that lift me above all the criticism I got from my family. So my family couldn't family couldn't stop me from breaking out because it was a revelation. Now if it was intellectual, they could talk me out of it. If it's intellectual, anybody could talk you out of it. So just with a different talk your mind twist and you somewhere else you think somewhere somehow different but if you have a revelation you can't nobody can talk you out of it because Jesus said this way he said upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell is guaranteed not to prevail against it because the gates of hell will come against but it can't prevail. So whenever God give you a revelation, it doesn't mean no opposition. It just mean it can't prevail. Hell will fight it, but it can't prevail. That's why Jesus could tell them, "You can't touch me because my hour has not yet come." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He knew he had to be crucified. But he knew he had a ministry and they couldn't stop him before time. Hallelujah. And when the time came, he said, "My hour is now come." Oh, give the Lord some praises. Oh, hallelujah. So, let me tell you something. David said, "I was old. No, I was young. Now I'm old. I've never seen the righteous forsaken or in seed beg bread." You are not going to be bread. Forget about it. The devil's a liar. You are not going to be on the street. You are not going to be homeless. You are not going to be hungry. You're not going to be unprotected. Oh, hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout. may be seated. So the Holy Spirit coming down then he will give you a supernatural faith, spiritual faith. That faith only recognize the word, not ministers and and churches of just the word. Just take the word and slam it on that believer. They they'll say that's amen. That's the word. That's the truth. Because there's an anchor inside the soul. If the backslide is still there, Peter backslid, it was still there. Peter couldn't change it. He denied Christ. But there was a rock inside of him that the devil could not dig out, prime out, bulldoze out, ram out, jam out. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Wonderful. Hallelujah. Y stop belieing you. You know [Music] start to believe God. Gideon was believing Gideon. Until God say how to believe me. Gideon God tell Gideon a mighty man of valor. Gideon did not accept accept that. I'm the least of my father's house. My father has the least the tribe. Everybody least least least. Did God say finish? Yes. Mighty man of val. God had to tell that man that until it dropped from his head to his heart. God say, "You know what? Take more than that." Say, "By the sword of the Lord and of Gideon." Put your name in that battle. Put your name in that fight. Draw your sword. Hallelujah. Say you a son of God. Say you're a daughter of God. Say you'll overcome. Say you will break out. Reach out. [Applause] [Music] Some of you imprison your mind only in your mind. But I come this morning to bust you out. I come to break you out this morning. Break you out the prison of your mind. Break you out the prison of your limitations. I have no education. I can't read. I can't write. and this this I no good job and what not. Forget all of that. Break out all of that. That have nothing to do with the program of God. Bible say she he needs Patrick Samaria. Somehow connected this woman at a wealthy forgiven like a tire preach upon her about her. I will still be preaching about her. You you'll get weary hear me preach about her because I feel just like that woman. He needs pass through my way to find me. And since I see my name on the book, the devil in trouble. Please pastor Samaria. Hallelujah. To pick up a seed, to pick up a name in the book. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. So now watch. Number one, coming down into a mental faith comes down the Holy Spirit. Yes. So for there's mental faith. But Ram say intellectually we hearing the message but it have to bathe down. It has to get into spirit. He said he said I believe we have received the message but we're hearing it intellectually. Books and tape everybody's reading, studying, listening and so that's fine. That's good. You have to do that. But then you have to get room for spirit to bay down and get this intellectual thing more in the spirit thing. But you're feeling good about yourself, about your life, about God. You love Jesus. I miss your trial. You love Jesus. You lost this. You still love Jesus. Still love the Lord. You're sick, but you love Jesus. You're not trying to duck hell. You love Jesus. You're not trying to escape because you have no testimony. You want to go to heaven. I want to go to heaven. Take me to heaven, Lord. Why? Well, I get in trouble in the job. I remember some teachers in my job used to say, "Oh, boy. All the Christians, only heaven." I said, "No, not this one." I say I want to be a testimony to you guys. I said that that dying and going on is easy enough. It's to leave your mark on earth. It's one life you have to live. You want a real testimony. And the testimony can only come when the test come. [Music] Right now you right now everybody are believers. Everybody believe you. But then when you go out Satan waiting to see to qualify how much you really believe. Amen. It's so easy. Amen. Just disappear on that one day. Because the secret things belong to God. But the things that are revealed belong to us. That's first thing. Once it revealed, it's ours. The prophet revealed it. That's ours. Nobody can say it's not yours. It's yours. Deuteronomy 29:29 said so. [Applause] So every revealed promise is us. Give the Lord a sh. Every revealed promise belongs to us. Do I shout in the house for that? [Applause] Things that are revealed unto us and to our children that we may do. [Music] So watch. Oh, we going good. Number one, coming down into your mental faith comes the Holy Spirit. making it a spiritual faith. Then that spiritual faith, this is imperman now recognizes only the word. Amen. Number two, then you have a spiritual you have the holy spirit seal all these things into you as the holy spirit covers this. Now here we go from your faith to the holy spirit what is he speaking about? We don't have the pyramid here but the pyramid have faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness and on top brotherly kindness have holy spirit. All right. So he is saying from your faith the holy spirit that slot seals you in with Christ. Amen. Do you get that now? Faith, mental faith, tongue on the Holy Ghost. Spiritual revelation. Bam. There's a rock inside your soul. Amen. God could drop you in China, it is still there. Australia, it is still there. He could drop you in prison, it is still there. He could drop you wherever he drop you, it is still there. Nothing could move that. That's a rock. That is flesh and blood had not revealed it to you. But my father have revealed it unto you. That's a pastor share it with you. Some deacon play it for you. No, it's a revelation in your soul. Hallelujah. [Applause] Wonderful. Watch. Hallelujah. From your faith up to the Holy Spirit seals you with Christ. Then you become one. Amen. Christ and you live together. At that day you will know that I'm in the father. The father in me and I in you and you in me. Then here we go. That's a sealed unit of the Lord God. Now then, here we go. They are vindicated and placed. When that time takes place, they become vindicated sons. Amen. And vindicated daughters. Right now, we are just sons and daughters. But when that time comes, when that time comes, when that time comes, they become vindicated sons and vindicated daughters. This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Jesus Christ, a man approved of God. This is not people claiming this and claiming that and saying this, this and saying that and raising their own flag. This is not that. This is God's approval by vindication, confirmation, manifestation. This is my son. This is my daughter. I am with her. I am with him. Oh, hallelujah. When you walk, God is walking. Hallelujah. Angel of the Lord encamp all around about you. You are protected. You are covered. Covered by his blood, covered by the token. Oh, glory to God. Your life becomes overshadowed with God. [Music] You may be seated. I want to bring back something I read last Sunday from man running from the presence of the Lord. A prayer. Amen. But when I was praying, he was saying, "May all the great mysteries that we are supposed to know at this age, Lord, be unveiled to us, and we will see the plainness of God." Amen. So that we will know how to behave ourselves and act correcting ourselves and bringing the members of our body into discipline to the word that we might know how to live in this present day at the approaching of the Lord Jesus. Let's take that slowly. May all the great mysteries that we supposed to know at this age be unveiled to us. What's the purpose? That we might see the plainness of God. Listen carefully now. This is my burden. God was so mysterious. He wanted to reveal himself. His purpose and objective and goal was to reveal himself, not for him to be mysterious. So he had to find a way to unfold this great mystery of what he was. So whenever he begin to reveal himself, it's supposed to produce the plainness of God. It's supposed to produce a God in simplicity reveal himself to his people. And he did that through Jesus Christ because Christ his life unveiled God. [Music] I wonder if you catch that. People take the mysteries as a as a intellectual swordfighting argumentative tool. I have one more machine than you. I know more mysteries than you. My mystery more hidden than your own. Like long time preachers are preach make some strange statements and say let me break it down. So why didn't they break down to begin in the first place? They make a long long highutin statement and and and the people lost. People lost. Let me break it down. I thought that was supposed to be happening. Right to vision. and make it plain. Brother Brandham said, "I hope God raise up men to make more sense to this." Hallelujah. Raise up mighty men to to make more sense to what the message is that when you see it, you can say, "Wait a minute. This is mine." You mean I could have it? You mean I don't wait for the preacher to lay hands on the sick? You mean these signs shall follow them that believe? You mean I could cast out devils? You mean I could run that demons pray out of town? You mean I could overcome? You mean I could be filled with the Holy Ghost? You mean I could be a vindicated son, a vindicated daughter? You mean I could get my inheritance? You mean I could go to the angel? You mean I can claim the book? [Applause] Hallelujah. I don't have the whistle like brother George Smith in Germany had a big whistle. Anybody sleeping? Said you there. I don't think I need that whistle. Re chapter 4. Brother, the same voice that summoned John come up. That same voice will summon the church someday. Amen. Amen. The same voice that sum summoned John to come up. The same voice that summons dead Lazarus out of the grave. That same voice of the archangel. Christ is the voice of the archangel. Who is the voice of the archangel? Some man in America. Some man in France or Germany or somewhere? No. Christ is the voice of the archangel. Yeah, brother. We got the doctrine of Christ. Amen. We believe he's the son of God. These things are wonderful. But leaving that, let us go on to perfection. Oh my. He said, "I wish I had the voice of an archangel now to bring this to a place where you could see it." Amen. So the voice of the archangel ministry, Yes, sir. which is the ministry of Christ, is to bring it to a place where you could see it. You have to see something bigger than you. [Music] You have to see something more powerful than you. You have to see redeeming love. You have to see restoration, grace. You have to see the power of reconciliation. You have to see the power of forgiveness. You have to see the quickening power could bring you out of what you in. Your cancer could be healed. your tumor, your diabetes, your high blood pressure, whatever condition, he's a healer. Peter, Peter cut off a man ears and Jesus take up the man ears off the ground and stick it back and he didn't lose glue. [Music] That man air was right back in position. Just a touch. Only a touch. Just a touch this morning. Oh, anybody want to touch this? Just a touch. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. So therefore, the voice of the archangel is to bring it to a place where you could see it. Thank you, Lord. The Lord is with a shout. Praise God. And the voice of the archangel. Oh, hallelujah. Could you take a little more? Of course you could take a little more. This is what you come here for. You come here to go home. You come here to take the word, man. Give me the book. Give the Lord a shout. Give the Lord a praise offering. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory. All I want is the word, you know. Hallelujah. Amen. God's purpose expressed through the acts of the believers. I ain't get to that yet, but we get to it. Amen. Cuz God wanted to destroy the Philistines in the race of a man named Samson. And Samson Bam says was no big muscular man going for the gym and he had big big hard muscles. Samson wasn't like that. A little rum little fella with some little ghouish looking curls. Seven of them. Nothing looking like this superman. This big S on his chest. He he didn't have that. All used to happen is the spirit come upon Samson. That's it. No books, no tapes. Feel like dancing right now. No books, no tapes. No books, no tapes. Just the spirit come upon him. Just the spirit come upon him. Samson know what to do. When they meet the lion, just the spirit come upon him. Samson know what to do. When they headed in the city, he take up the doorpost. He take up the hinge. He take up the whole the the whole gate with the post and put it on a hill. Just the spirit. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I would sing like David sang. I will dance like David does. I will shout like David shout. Something when the spirit comes upon your life. [Music] You may be seated. What? Amen. What what did the spirit get a hold of to make these believers, brethren, prophets, saints of old act the way they act? What made Abraham believe God for 25 years? A old man, his wife, old have no children. And God say, Abraham, Sarah, she old, but Sarah, no curse, you know. Sarah, treat her right. You know, Abraham because it's true. Sarah so Abraham can't say well divorce she you know because she a making no bake she a making no cake she grumpy she want to cook no God don't tell him through Sarah so Abra in a bind so to speak God want him in that bind God want to produce a promise God want to show he could take nothing and make something God want to show he could take old and make young God want show. He could take your old condition and make it new. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He could renew you. Yeah. He could change you. He could rearrange you. That's God we serve. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. What season? What? What would make a man testify for 25 years? Go to the doctor to run him out and say, "Don't come back. Don't come back. Take your money. I don't want your money. Don't come back." Abraham say, "But God said, I'm going to have a son." He said, "I don't want to even check you no more." It's because it's God's faith in the man, God's seed in the man, without a scripture, [Music] without a book, without a quote, but God acting out his life through his believers. He's about to restore back his image. The devil is clueless because when man fell, he be to bring back his image by bringing Abraham faith, Isaac love, Jacob grace, Joseph perfection and he put a platform and on top of that he bring prophet after prophet after prophet beginning at Moses to build up the body work. Then John the Baptist come as the neck part and Jesus come as the head the cap of the old testament and become the cornerstone of the new testament. God was always building. His objective is to restore. His objective is to bring back the image. His goal is to bring back that perfect man back on the earth. He has done it. Not will do it. He has done it. Amen. You may be seated. Understand this. Amen. When Adam fell, Amen. the book that Adam had. All right. Or what he was to release because Adam was supposed to release the names. Yes. Of the sons from that book. Yes. Yes. By spoken word. So Adam's son was to be born like how he came forth as it was by spoken word. But because he fell it went into sex and that's how we get baby born and what and go through that process. But watch this. Jesus come back and say you must be born again of word and of spirit. So this second birth is back to Adam again. Where gene thought word activated inside of you. Hallelujah. Are you with me? So the book that Adam had this mysterious book of God went back in the hands of the original owner. This book of names. This book always had names. Adam was commissioned to multiply. Hallelujah. Bring forth on the earth. Make more sons like you. Express more sons like you. Having my purpose, having my objective, having the goal of God, I want more like that. [Music] [Applause] So when Adam fell, lost the book, the book went back in the hands of vision owner. The one that sat on the throne. Hallelujah. That book that Aman had is now in the hands of one that sat upon the throne. That book is to be loosed. Amen. That book is to be unveiled. That book is to be released because there are names that has to be called. Amen. The thing of it is the names has always been unfolded not knowing it was names. All the ages gone past is the book being unfolded because God promised in the last day the prophet will come and make known what took place all along. So the prophet come at the very end and say you know what there were names called in that age names called in that age name and name going to be called in this age. So the Lord is there with a shout revelation chapter 10 with the book open. Seven thunders throw the voices out because seven thunder will catch that bride. Seven thunders will get every name on that book, he knew when them voices go out, it will connect to the elect. It will connect to the predestinated. It will connect to the elected. Hallelujah. Praise God. That will be your land. That will be your inheritance. That will be your portion. John represented the bride. Give the Lord a shout in the house. You may be seated. Praise God. Praise God. Notice, notice it was the Lord himself. Descend with a shout, Jesus himself. Come down in his word because he making no mistake this time. No mistake this time about who is his wife, who is his bride. He going to be called by the word itself. That's why the word does something to you. You can't help it. You can't help it. You can't help it. You are hearing from your theophony. Oh, glory to God. You can't help it. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Let me be seated. Hallelujah. Right now, Satan trembling. He's trembling because he he's concerned with you getting to know who you are. This is the problem. You see when Moses time come the those witchcraft people and those wizards and so on they know somebody born. They know the stars announce the herald of a child special child. They ask for counsel what what to do. What pharaoh say what to do? Say kill. They say kill kill every baby. Must catch up with him. You must catch up with him. Everyone for three years and under two years and kill everybody. Kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill. Killing anointing. I'mma knew she dead. They are parents just like everybody else. Some people stuffing a child, hiding child under the crib on on all about they hiding nothing. They said the Lord give we giving back to God. Make a act and among alligators that's how it's fatal. You see if your mind stud alligator who call me child fear will kill him anyhow. But these people because of faith you think them stud alligator they know this child have a light on him. Do you know you have a light over you? If you didn't know, now you know. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Let me sting you a little bit. How you think find you when you trying to duck and hide and play private living? Did you ever see the big light over you? That's right. That's why we after you after you there a big light you can hide you playing a Christian you want to wearing you want to do this you want to do that you think that you fooling the devil you fooling yourself that big old Satan know it's you you hiding sheep hiding looking like wolf you playing wolf you playing bad you playing like you're outside there pants falling off your bottom and whatnot that can't work God going to find you if you had to go to the envir He will find you. He would seek you and find you out. You always was a son. You always was a daughter of God. You can miss it if you try. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. The devil can have some, but he cannot have all. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. You don't understand. The world don't like you. You can't fit in. You'll be miserable out here. You are Christian. You come from God. You're going back to God. You are elected. You are predestinated. Who he fully he called. Who he call, he justified. Who he justified. He had already glorified. Give the Lord a shout. [Applause] You may be seated. My this book is a mysterious book. It's a book of redemption. Amen. At the end of the age, the seven age will begin the song. He winds up all the loose ends which them fellas probes are. Now the loose end is not the message. Serpent seed baptize in the name of Jesus Christ. That not the message. That is loose ends. Things that supposed to be corrected before you come to your message. [Music] There's something called loose ends. Information. Daniel go thy way. The book is sealed to the time of the end. Knowledge shall increase. God will clarify issues and things that we did not know back there. He will clarify that. Knowing Kane is supen seed that doesn't help you for the rapture. Kane being super seed doesn't give you rapturing power. You know Kane is seed and serpent seed and supenced. What do you do with that? You are not that he's killing his family. Well, listen to the prophet now. When the seven angel begin to song his mystery, he winds up all the loose ends that he's fellow proved that. Are you ready? Amen. Are you ready? Anybody sleeping? Raise your hands. All right. Nobody sleep you. I don't whistle, but I'll check the raise your hands. Here we go. The mysteries come down from God. Amen. As the word of God, and reveals the entire revelation of God. The mysteries themselves come down as the word. So when the word is preached, the mysteries is being preached. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, God's great secret mystery that he had before the world began in the back part of God's mind. There was something he was trying to achieve. He had a motive in order to let himself be expressed. So, first he made the angels to worship him and that make him becomes God. God had a purpose and a hidden mystery. Amen. And that's what I want to speak to you this church this morning. The hidden mystery of God that he had in his mind unfolded back to this present hour. God great mystery is a secret. He kept it a secret. Not even the angels understand it. He didn't reveal it. That's the reason under when the seventh seal was opened, there was silence. Even the son himself don't know when it's going to happen. God kept that all to himself. Amen. John was even a forbidden to write it. The coming of the Lord. That's the one thing he hasn't revealed yet. How he will come and when he will come. Here we go. Therefore, this is where I want to get to. The entire Bible is the revelation of God's mystery in Christ. Here we go. The entire Bible is an expression of one goal that God had. Yeah. One purpose he wanted to achieve in the entire Bible. And all the acts of the believers. That's where I get my thought from. All the acts of the believers in the Bible has been in type expressing what God great goal is. And now is the last days. He has revealed it and he has shown it. God had a three-fold purpose. One, God wanted to reveal himself to the people. So God become from God become to me to take my sin upon him that he might make me him and go back to his great purpose as sons and daughters of God. The attribute that was in him. Now watch the coming of the Lord is a mystery. We don't know when he is coming, how he is coming, but we know he is coming. So was all the mysteries of God waiting for this last day. Here we go. After it's already been completed, then he reveal and show what he has done. Amen. Amen. Pause a little bit. Amen. After it's completed. Amen. Then he reveal what he has done. So he's not revealing it as it unfolds. When it's completed, he reveal it and identify it. So watch, he never give his mystery in full. Hear the bum. It's like comparing the seven seals. Now when God used Martin Luther for the coming out of that first church or that church age, then he used John Wesley, he gradually brought them out. Here we go. And was revealing in them that church age. So they were just living out, living out a mystery of a church age. Amen. And they didn't even know in them the mystery of the church age was being lived out as a church's messenger and they didn't even know it. It took a prophet to come at the end of time and say Paul, Martin, Luther, Wesley, Columbus, and so all of them. Because it's already completed. Then he could reveal every messenger for every age. Hallelujah. Are you with me? Hallelujah. So Luther, he preached justification and just pounded away. But he didn't know what his age was. Hallelujah. Where's the the same way right now? We are pulling away and we living in a bride age. Mystery being unfolded right now in you. Let's continue. Moses was veiled. The living word of God veiled behind human flesh. Brother, sister, it's been veiled through the ages according to the word of God. It will be open in the last days. Those seven seals will be broke and the full thing will come into view of the people. What took place all along? The hour of the seven angels message. All the mysteries of God should be made known in that Elijah. Amen. Amen. Amen. All the mysteries will be made known in that Elijah. So brother Brandon himself was holding the mystery of God. Amen. He was a son of man revealing the son of man. He was holding Christ. The seventh seal was veiled in him. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. So watch all the mysteries of God shall be made known in that Elijah. How that Christ is put out of his church. One he revealed a son of man again. How the church is to be put in order in the last days. No creed, no denomination. Just here we go. The word living in the individual. I want a bigger shout than that. He is saying how the church will come in order. We can't say we believe this tick, we believe that tick or we believe that tick. No, no, no ticks. It has to come down to the word living in the individual. Not who your pastor is, not where you go to church. That is irrelevant. It has to be the word living in you. So if a earthquake come and break up train that in 24 parts and there is no church to go to, it still have to be the word living. Amen. Oh, glory to God. People think election is something that has been hatched up here lately. That's one of the oldest teachings that we have. Election and calling. So Ireneius, here we go, was one of the angels of the church age. As we seen, as we studied, we believe, of course, now they were all mysteries. Hallelujah. Amen. Did you hear that? They were all mysteries. Paul was a mystery. Arenas was a mystery. Columbus was a mystery. Seven mysteries. But they are to be revealed in the last day. It started off with Paul. So we understand that these messengers they were mysteries. They were mysteries hid. Let me read it again. Course they were all mysteries. They are all here hid right here in these seals. Could we give the Lord a shout on that day? This is not me trying to explain this. This is what the prophet is saying that these men were mysteries hidden the seals and the prophet came at the end of the age and reveal it. Look a mystery here. Look a mystery there. Look another mystery here. Look a mystery here. You talk about mysteries. Hallelujah. Amen. Someday he comes forth to get this book that he's redeemed. And all that's in the book would be him. For that's the believer. The words in the book. Who is the believer? Who are the believers? the words in the book. And as Isaac preached, when we read our book, you see the voice of one crying in the wilderness. When God look at his book, he see John the Baptist. [Applause] Are you with me now? So we see scripture, God see individuals. In our book, we see a virgin shall conceive. But in God's book, you see Mary. Give the Lord a shout. So John the Baptist, he had to live out the scripture, the voice of one crying in the wilderness. So he had to go in the wilderness and step out as the voice of one. And he's fulfilling the scripture. A mystery is being unfolded. You hear what I'm saying? [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Then it says this is time. But Ram says, "Amen. Time shall be no more." He announces that time is over. What happens? Could that now be so, brethren? Seriously, think. If it is, then the pyramid is capped by the seven thunders. You remember the pre message? It's the capstone. What did it do? Here we go. He's going back to the perfect man. The Holy Spirit capped off the individual and sealed it. When we added to our faith, righteousness and godliness and faith, we kept adding seven things. Now, that's how he makes the individual, then he caps him and seal him with the Holy Spirit. Amen. Then he comes to say, if that be so, hear what this person has. He has got seven ages that he had seven mysteries that has been sounded away and they fought for to bring back and now the headstone comes to cap off the church. Does the thunders mean that my brethren? So when these virtues are in an individual, what that person have is not just virtues, they have seven mysteries, seven ages, seven lights, seven rainbows, hallelujah, seven voices, seven thunders, all that wrapped up in our individual, the devil is scared and shaken because these thunders overcome in every age. God releasing to you the overcoming power that got victory over the devil in every age. God gathers it up and put it in a bride and put that bride on the earth. We beat him in Paul age. We whip him in Ireia's age. In Columbus and Luther we put licks on him. In Lutheran Wesley we overcome in the we every age. There was a bunch of overcomers. What about our day? What about our age? when God is about to release the full power back into the church. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Just a little more. We're going to wrap up. You may be seated. Notice before the throne was seven stars. Amen. The voice of the stars. Not one voice. Voice is plural. Amen. God. What is it? Hear the interpretation. God speaking to the church. So when you look at the scriptures, see voices and lightning and thunders. When the prophet look at it now that's God speaking to the church reflecting himself the bomb through seven spirits [Applause] hallelujah so the seven spirits coming about for God to reflect himself by red orange yellow violet seven colors seven rainbow rainbow around the throne of God through them seven virtues Through them seven lights, God reflecting himself and the reflection will be the perfection. The reflection going to be the token itself upon your life. When I see that reflection, when I see the person of Christ, when I see the token upon your life, I'm going to pass over all those virtues has to be in the bride. Oh, glory to God. It going to be inside of you. You are son of God. You will come to perfection. That's the purpose God put you on the earth to bring you to perfection. The church ages are over. We are in the bride age. We in the horn age. We in the caller age. We're in the elected age. We're in the age where that Joseph rainbow coat will drop over you. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My the voice of the seven church ages nowadays they don't want to say hell in the pulpit. We need men of God, men who won't back. Now here we go. Now everybody can be a preacher. That's right. But you got a voice. And if you can't preach the people a sermon, if you're a preacher, you're called to the pulpit to preach. If not, you're still a preacher. Amen. But live the people a sermon. Let your sermon be lived. Here we go. And it's the voice of God that will bring reproach to them who reject it. They will say, that's the testimony. Now, you want to hear the testimony what they will say? They will say no one can put a finger on his or her life. They're sweet living. If there ever was a man of God is that man, that woman. See, live your sermons. Don't try to preach them. If you're not called to be a preacher, you'll get mixed up and messed up. You'll get people tangled up. You won't know. They'll ruin them and yourself also. Just live your sermon. The preacher is called to preach his and live it too. If they can live it, then stop preaching it. But you're supposed to live your sermons. All right. Hear was voices. Oh, then the prophet break out. Now, how we need in Jessville, thousands of lived voices. The thunder of God thundering out in sweetness, holiness, purity, undefiled lives, walking around the earth today without a blemish. Yes, sir. Real Christians, that's the thunder against the enemy. The devil don't care how much you la. The devil don't care how much you jump up and down, how much you shout. But what hurts the devil is to see a sanctified, holy life. consecrated to God. Say anything to him. Call him anything. Just as sweet as he can be. That chose him right off. Oh, hallelujah. The disciples were casting out devils or trying to cast out an epileptic spirit and they couldn't do it. And brother Ram dramatized how the devil's telling them not one of you could do it. Here come Jesus. Brother, when they see him coming down walking quietly, he didn't have nothing to say, have to say nothing. The devil was already scared right then. Amen. Jesus Jesus didn't know how to talk. But the devil see faith coming, virtue coming, knowledge coming, temperance coming, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness. The devil know time to go. [Music] He's just waiting for the word now. Oh, glory to God. Watch. The devil was scared right then. He know he had to leave cuz here come a life not only a sermon but a life. He said come out of him and that done it. The disciples didn't have the life yet. [Applause] Watch Noah rainbow composed primary of seven colors red orange and so on. Now if you notice seven rainbows mean seven color rainbow that meant seven bows. Seven bows. Seven churches reflecting seven lights. Each light wrapped into the other one. It start off with red. Red come orange. Orange a reflection of red. Then after orange yellow which is red and orange mixed together makes yellow. Then green. Green and blue makes black. Then come indigo. From indigo is violet and part of blue. Don't you see it? God in his seven color rainbow. His covenant he made through the seven ages. He would save the earth. Remember he made it with the earth. His color. Now watch this rainbow horizontally covers above half the earth. But watch around the throne. It's around the whole throne. The half has not yet been told. And when John saw him there is amber color. He surrounded and covered like like a halo. One color, one gold over all. But in there is seven church ages. And then he went on to talk about the diamond. Or the diamond had to be cut. And when they cut it, it reflect the fiery colors of his carrot. It reflects seven colors also. So Christ was that diamond. And when they cut the diamond, seven colors come out of that. One diamond, seven colors. Isn't that right? Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. He was wounded for our transgression. He was bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And by his stripes, we were healed. What did God do that perfect man? There was only one of them in the world. only one in the world. And God chiseled him off. That one perfect man. He let the rainbow light, here we go, of the seven church ages flash upon me to know he was wounded for my transgression. There's your seven color rainbow. He was bruised for your iniquity. Isn't that right? and through his dying wounds, forgiveness of sins, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, the seven spirits of God are the seven fruits of the spirit that would reflect back on the people. So, we're not talking fairy tales. Oh, glory to God. It has to reflect. The seven spirits of God are the seven fruits of the spirit that would reflect back in his people. He was bruised and shaped. Praise God. If I be lifted up from the earth, seven spirits, seven colors, seven church ages, seven ministers, seven lights, everything is seven. Seven voices, seven thunders, a seven thunder bride. We are we going to have a revival. Oh, glory to God. The rain will going to sweep across the sky. Go on say the Holy Ghost will go across the world overnight. Not no man going across the world overnight. The Holy Ghost will go across the world overnight. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. So Jesus, he came to reflect the father and the father was the word. Now I feel religious right now. He came to reflect the father's word and he was the perfect masterpiece. He was the perfect masterpiece of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Are you going to take some more? I'm right in the honey jar now. I can't stop. I'm inside of it right now. I'm all sticky with it now. Listen to this. All those seven spirits as we get in Revelations, they come out was made up God was perfection. All those seven spirits that come out made up God was perfection. Everything else outside of that is something that been perverted from that. And the only way we could come back to perfection is to get back to that perfection. Which is the seven spirits. Hallelujah. So dynamics, Elohim, seven spirits before the beginning. That's the dynamics that we are looking for to strike the bride. Do you see it? You shall receive power after red, orange, yellow, green, blue, amigo, violet, that rainbow, that seven spirit, that dynamite, that Holy Ghost, that token, that promise of the father that has to come upon you. [Applause] The only way we can come back to perfection is to come back to that perfection which is God. Then we come to perfection. Then we have eternal life without end. It's just eternal life. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Brother Abraham said this last great step after Luther Wesley Pentecost must come into the perfection that the Holy Spirit has to live in that church so perfectly. It will make the head and body unite together. That's the body and and he is the head of the body. He promised that that great step. Almost done. Oh my. Amen. Amen. This whole big rainbow had become a theophony. Okay. through the seven perfect colors which is the seven spirits of God. They went from the great fountain or that great diamond that Jesus spoke of. That great diamond was chipped to reflect these colors. That whole big rainbow had become a theophony or made in the image like a man. Yet he wasn't a man. He didn't have flesh yet. He was a theophony. Oh my. I'm going to close to my musician. Come on, please. What am I talking about from adoption? Hey, Brandon Tabernacle, you had your chance. Here we go. When a man once is anointed with the Holy Ghost, Amen. Are you ready? To be adopted, into the family of God. So before adoption, a man have to be anointed with the Holy Ghost. Amen. To be adopted. Glory. Amen. To be positionally placed by the father and set into service out there into his purpose of life, what God called him to do, his walk must be holy, holy unto the Lord. Amen. Amen. Final quote I have here from I was with Moses last evening, last Tuesday morning about 3:00, something else happened. I was at home. Standing before me in a room was a divine one that spoke words that I did not understand. At the time that he appointed his at hand. I did not hear him too good but he was a divine one. He said seven more days you stand as Moses stood or will be as Moses was. Something that concerning Moses. That leads me to wonder you'll have to stand. I told my family I told them I told my loved ones that I saw this divine one yet he spoke as a man. I'll close with these words. Hallelujah. It is becoming clearer and clearer to me. All the mysteries, all the great revelations and knowledge and understanding is to bring us into a pathway of life. Amen. That we can partake of the life of God and the nature of God to express God and then go back to Eden. Amen. But more than that, adoption is to bring you into the presence of a divine one. Hallelujah. And Nazara got judged in church for lying to Peter. Peter was a man. Amen. That they could see. Hallelujah. Listen, Safh knew better. She knew the kind of man she was living with. He died. She didn't have to die. She didn't have to stand with her husband. She shall stand with the word. She lie also and she died and that was a man that had God veil on his throne. Amen. What about coming into divine one where brother Brandham said he never got accustomed to the presence of the angel. Where John said he fell as one dead and John lived with Jesus when Jesus was in the earth. But when John got in the book of revelation and Christ come in that glorified condition, he fell as one dead. Amen. All the prophets they experience like Isaiah fell as one dead. Isaiah in the presence of God. But wo is me I'm undone. When the vision spoke about brother Brandham with with with with with um so this is the time he said he was numb for days. He couldn't feel his hands numb for days. And that was off the vision. That wasn't even the angel yet. Hear what he said. adoption. God will visit you with an angel. Is your life ready for a visitation? Play something softly. Is your life ready for God to visit you with supernatural divine presence? And this is where I could see a man anointed. His walk must be holy, holy unto God. Amen. Or this takes us beyond church. No, this is not trying to please some sister or some brother or some elder or some deacon or some pastor. This is not that. This is you conscious that someday you have an appointment with the supernatural. And if you see the plainness of God, then it's you to make yourself ready. You to prepare your spirit and your soul and your mind and your heart atmosphere. Look, look at Abraham. Elohim, Michael, Gabriel, drop down. Three men walking. Abraham said, "My Lord." God came to Abraham and said, "Listen, I'm about to judge Sodom." And Abraham, because of what was in him, begin to plead to God. God, if there's 50, he said, "No, 40, no, 35, no, he couldn't find 10." Abraham pleases with God. He didn't say, "I am right. All them is wrong. Take me, Lord, but everybody else except me." No, it was Christ living out in these brothers. Christ in Joseph, Christ in Jacob, Christ in Noah, Christ in Joshua, Christ in Moses. God was living out mysteries all along. The people not even knowing it. A seed in them. David, Christ and David. Yes, he fell. He fell in sin. All was Christ and David. Christ and Solomon. All of them sons of God. Hallelujah. Norah end up drunk. This one end up not crossing over to the land. This happened to this one that ends up nothing from their sunship, their godship, their inheritance. They stumbled, they fell, they rose up. But it's all reflecting Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. [Music] I am conscious. To go to the next level is to prepare for the visiting of angels. Not little doves, not bigger doves, but angels. Angelic beings dropping down upon the people. Oh, another book of Acts, angels came to open the prison bars. Another book of Acts, angels filing the people, setting them free, bringing messengers, angels, angelic beings, supernatural beings coming among God's people. Are we ready for that? Are you expecting that? Paul said, "The angel of the Lord of whose servants I am. Amen. Oh glory. Oh Jesus. Steal the way. Let's all stand. Steal him. Still to Jesus. Why don't you steal away steal away? I don't have long to stay here. Nothing wrong with me somebody in Jesus name. But tonight, why don't you steal with me? Steal away. Oh Lord, steal your way to Jesus. My Lord, my Lord, my Lord, still with me. [Music] Still wait. I don't have long to [Music] stay. Why you worship him right now as the music play? Just worship him right now. My Lord call me. Call me by the thunder. The trumpet sounds when my soul. Hallelujah. I don't have long. We don't have long, saints. We don't have long to stay. But let's worship the [Applause] Lord. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Give him praise right now. Oh, give him glory right now. Oh, hallelujah. His presence is here this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Still awake this morning. Angels visiting this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. A few young children of the Holy Spirit in this building this morning. The word has already gone forth. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, lift hands up right now. Just close your eyes right now and just worship him right now. Worship him right now. Give him praise. Give him glory. Give him a hallelujah. Talk to him this morning. Oh, I said, "Lord, I need you. I need to talk and apply. I need your blood in my life, oh God. Oh, forsake me not while I'm only grave. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord Jesus. Send a fire in my soul. I need a revival this morning. Oh God, I need a breakthrough. Oh God, I need a deliverance. Oh God, remember my family. Oh God, remember my children. Oh God, remember me. Somebody shout, "Amen." Somebody shout him. Oh, steal away this [Music] morning. Oh my. What a message. What a word today. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are responsible for what we hear. Hallelujah. This morning, oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't have long. I don't have long to [Music] stay. My Lord, he called me back with the Lord. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. I hear a trumpet sound. deep within my [Music] soul. I don't have Oh, somebody say I don't have long. I don't have long to [Music] stay. I want to be ready. I want to be ready. Oh, to be ready. Oh, Jerusalem just Oh, will you be ready? Oh, will you be ready? And will you be ready? Well, to walk in Jerusalem just like I want. Well, I want to be ready. Oh, I want to be ready. Oh, let's say I want the chance and sing to be ready. Oh, well, to walk in Jerusalem just like I want. Well, I want to be ready. Oh, I want to be ready. Oh, I want to be ready, Lord. Oh, to walk in Jerusalem just like one more time. Will you be will be? Oh, will you church? Will you be? Oh, will you be ready to walk in Jerusalem just like John? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Many many. Oh, what a message this morning. You appreciate the pastor this morning. Ooh hallelujah. What a labor of love. Ooh honey. What is God's purpose? What is desire? I mean, my God, what a masterpiece this morning and really appreciate it this morning. I was tearing up my corner. Amen. Let's get ready to baptize offering. Amen. Uh pick it up. Amen. Let the church say amen. Let the church [Music] say, "Let the church." Let's bow our hands. Heavenly Father, we tal this morning. We pray Lord that it's been picked up. Lord, may you bless the people for giving. Bless those that don't have to give. Lord, Father, provide for them. And may I bless your ministry father in Jesus name. Amen. Oh God has spoken. Let the church say oh this morning. Let the church say. [Music] Let the church sing. God has let the church see amen. One more time. Oh, let the church sing. Lift your hands if you can. Let the church say [Music] oh let the church see. Oh it's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. Well it's the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the proud heart humble. Well, it was God who devised the plan. Well, all things as a man. Oh, that he can live. Oh, so he can be. Oh, well, give us the life. Well, turn around. Tell somebody it's the life. Turn around. Your brother, your sister. Oh, that makes the demons tremble. Oh my god. Oh Jesus man. Oh he can live. Oh so he can live. Oh give us the life behind. Oh, this morning it's the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the demons tremble. Oh, and it's right. Oh, and it makes the proud heart. Oh, cuz Oh, man. Oh, oh, so give us the light one last time. It's the life behind the name. Oh, that makes the demons. the light behind the name. Oh my [Music] [Music] go give us the life one more time the life is the behind the deepest trouble. It's behind [Music] [Music] Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? Amen. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. You appreciate the message this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. What a season. What a time. And the devil is on the run. And you are free this morning. And who the son of man sets free is free indeed. Amen. We do have a note of praise uh from sister Victoria Henry after brother Ovid prayed for Andrew and I on Friday. His fever didn't come back and my body pains were gone. Thank you God. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. And this note of praise is from brother Mike Blackman. We had prayed for his coworker last Sunday with cancer. Uh note of praise for Gina Batis who was prayed for last Sunday. The doctors are very pleased with the surgery and her recovery which has been extremely good and rapid. She thanks the saints for their prayers and asks if we continue to bear her up in prayer until she's totally healed of the attack of cancer. And the church say amen. God is still a healer. He is still a restorer. He is still a way maker. He's still baptized with the Holy Ghost. He can still save you from your sin. He could still heal you from your past. He could turn your life around. He could bring back the pieces. He is a good God this morning. There's no God like him this morning. Can the church say amen? Can we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Oh heavenly father, we thank you this morning, Lord, that we could be in the house of God. There are so many places that, Father, we could have been, but it's only your grace that allowed us to be here today, Lord. You saw it fit to knock on the doors of our hearts, Father. Lord, the Bible says, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." And Father God, we are open, Lord, this morning to receive from you. We thank you for the words that were spoken. And Lord, we take them into the sockets of our soul. Father, may they find good ground, a good resting place, Lord. And as we go through this week, Father, may Lord, we be in your spirit of the coming of the Lord, recognizing that each day brings us closer, Father, we pray a special blessing, Lord, on the service this coming Thursday. May the Holy Ghost pour out, Father, as we pray, as we prepare for Super Sunday this coming Sunday. May you be with your people, Father. Father, May you touch our pastor, Lord, today, Lord. And Lord, may you touch him in his body, Father. Lord, from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet, Father, may you touch and bless your people, Lord. May your Holy Ghost go with us, Lord, as we leave this house, but not from your presence. Grant traveling mercies in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." and you may be seated for a few minutes just for a few announcements uh with the members of cleaning group 4. Meet with brother Ian Paul Francis after the service. That's group four. Meet with brother Ian Paul Francis after service. There'll also be a choir practice right after service. In addition, there will be no service in Maraval this coming Tuesday and service continues on Thursday at 7:30 here at the tabernacle. And this Sunday coming is our super Sunday. It's going to be two services at 10:00 a.m. and at 3:00 p.m. Very important services. Don't miss it. It's the Lord's Supper as well. And we know that's a commandment of the Lord. It's an ordinance and it's a responsibility as a Christian. So we also be we also want to be so sensitive and so prayerful as we prepare for this coming Sunday as well because we want to take the Lord's supper with the right spirit, the right attitude. And we want to really take this time as we draw closer to the coming of the Lord to get our hearts right. Make sure and testify to somebody. Somebody's not here today. Witness to them. Let them know that the move is on. That after the battle is over, after the struggle is over, you will have a testimony. after it's over, you will have a testimony. So, may the Lord bless you, Brother Anthony, and the ushers. Amen. Amen. You love him this morning. Praise God. As the ushers come. Amen. We are marching over to Jerusalem. Well, we are marching over to Jerusalem. Where Jerusalem? Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause]
