################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-07-08 - The Bride Of Christ Is God's Eternal Thoughts Made Manifest - Bro. Raymond Thompson - Raymond Thompson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2017-07-08
Title:   The Bride Of Christ Is God's Eternal Thoughts Made Manifest - Bro. Raymond Thompson
Speaker: Raymond Thompson
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uS8UXRL-L38
========================================

[Music] Beautiful and your face is all I see. Oh Lord, and when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Oh Lord, your beautyful. Oh, and your face is all I see. Oh Lord, and away when your heart, they are allless child. your grace abound to me. Oh Lord, please light the [Music] fire. Oh that once burn bright and clean. Oh Lord, re the lamb of my first love that burn with holy fire. Or as the musicians play, let's just lift our hands and worship him now as we welcome the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Blessed be the [Music] name. Blessed be his holy name. We want to say thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given up. Oh, and Lord, though I can't repay, but from my heart I'd like to say that I I thank you. Oh, we want to say thank Oh my sweet Jesus. Oh Lord, for the grace that you Oh, giving up. Oh Lord, and I Oh, but from my heart I like to say that I I thank you. Well, let's give him praise. [Applause] Let's give him glory. Blessed be your holy name, Lord. Oh, he's worthy to be praised. In the morning time, in the noon time, when the evening shadows fall, he's worthy to be praised. Amen. Do you love him this evening? It's good to be back in the house of the Lord. If you have your Bibles, Psalm 38, I'm sorry, Psalm 34:es 1 to8. Psalm [Music] 34, I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in my mouth. My soul shall make her boast in the Lord, and the humble shall hear thereof and be glad. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Let us exalt his name together. I sought the Lord, and he heard me and delivered me from all my fears. They looked unto him and were lightened, and their faces were not ashamed. This poor man cried, and the Lord heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles. The angel of the Lord encampeth round about them that fear him, and deliverth him. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trusteth in him. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. As we go to him, Amen. Let's go in worship to our King, Lord Jesus. Our heavenly father, what a blessing it is to be back in your house this evening. And Lord, how you have strengthened us, Lord God, for these services. And you spoken through your servants, Lord God. Father, we pray this evening that Lord, you would help us, Lord, to enter into a worship, Lord. A worship of your word, Lord Jesus. For Lord, that's what we are, Father. We are worshippers of your word, Lord God. Lord, we pray this evening that you'd strengthen the bodies of your people, Lord. Strengthen the tired and the weary, Father. Those that maybe have just got in from traveling, Lord Jesus. And father, may this evening you take control of this service, Lord. But we ask these things in thy precious name. Amen. And amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Why don't you turn around and greet your brother and sister? Just amen. My soul says yes. My soul says yes. Yes. Yes. My Lord, my soul says yes. Yes. Yes. My soul says, it says yes, it says yes. My Lord, my soul says yes. Oh [Music] yes. Oh, in the morning, noon time, in evening. Yes. My Lord, my soul says yes. Oh [Music] yes. Oh when I'm weary, sick, tired, my Lord, my soul says yes. Oh yes. Yes. Oh my soul says it says it says yes. My Lord, my soul says yes. Oh yes. Well, in the morning, noon time, in the evening. Yes. My Lord, my soul says yes. Oh, [Music] yes. Jesus took my burdens and he Well, he rolled them. Oh, yes. He rolled them in the sea. Well, and now I that he has given me where all my sins he Jesus took [Music] my He and now I have a peace. that he has given me. Oh, because all my [Music] [Applause] sins. Oh, blessed be his holy name. Are you ready to worship this evening? Hallelujah. I'm not just talking about the songs. I'm talking about, are you ready to worship him? That's who we've come to see this evening. I've come to see Jesus in his word. I've come to see Jesus pour out his spirit tonight. Hallelujah. Come on, brothers. [Music] And now I have a peace that he has given where all my sins are and he ruled [Music] [Applause] [Music] out. Come on now church. [Applause] Oh now. Well, I feel well now. All my sins [Music] and my my I feel like dancing. I feel like shouting. Oh my. to know that my name is written in that book. Hallelujah. Not 10,000 times 10,000 devils can't stop me from shouting. Can't stop me from praising him. Can't stop me from worshiping him. All my sins and birth, he rolled them in the sea. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord [Applause] [Music] Jesus. Oh [Music] wonderful. He's wonderful. Well wonderful. Oh, wonderful. Oh, he's [Music] wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. He's wonderful. Oh, [Music] wonderful. Said he's marvelous. Marvelous. [Music] Well, you're marvelous. He's marvelous in my life. You are [Music] Lord. Said he's glorious, glorious, glorious, glorious. Oh, he's glorious. [Music] Well, glorious. Oh, marvelous. He's marvelous. Oh, marvelous. Oh, he's marvelous. Said he's glorious. Glor [Applause] [Music] glor is [Music] [Applause] [Music] glory. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh yeah. Yes, Lord. Marvelous. Marvelous. You're marvelous, Lord Jesus. In my life. You are [Music] Lord in your word. Lord, please be glorified. Will be in your word, Lord. your word. Lord, please be glorified only in my life. Lord, in my life, oh Lord, fe [Music] be glorified in my life. [Music] Lord, Lord, oh be [Applause] [Music] glorified. Oh, just worship him. Tell him how much you love him. Tell him how much he means you. Thank you for his goodness. Hallelujah. In the good times, in the bad times. Oh Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. Blessed be his holy name. Many many [Music] amen. Praise his holy name. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Deep, deep, very deep in my heart. The love of God is very deep in my heart. Is that the way you feel this evening? Amen. Oh, deep, deep, very deep, very deep in my heart. Oh, the love of God is very deep in my heart. Well, it's deep, deep, very deep, very deep in my heart. Oh, the love of God is very deep in my heart. Well, it's deep, deep, very deep, very deep in my heart. Oh, the love of God is very deep in my heart. Oh, it's deep, deep, very deep, very deep in my heart. Oh, the love of God is very Oh, turn around and tell somebody. It's deep, deep, very deep, very deep in my heart. [Music] [Music] The love of God is very deep in my heart. Deep, deep, very deep, very deep in my heart. Oh, the love of God is very deep in my heart. Oh, it's deep, deep, very deep, very deep in my heart. Well, the love of God is very deep in my heart. Oh, the love of Jesus, the love of Jesus, the love of Jesus. And because it's and it's so long, you can't get so you can't tell. Well, oh wonderful. Well, now the love of Jesus. Oh, the love of Jesus. The love of Jesus will because it's so high you can't get and it's so low you can't and it's so can't Yeah. [Music] [Music] Wonder. Oh, wonderful. It's so high. Can't get around the love of God. And it's so wide. You can well and it's deep deep very deep very deep in my heart. Oh the love of God is very deep in my heart. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Oh, praise his holy name. I feel the shadow of the king in the camp this evening. I feel like you brought your lick of fire. Amen. And you come to cause something to happen. I'm not waiting. I'm not looking around. I come with my lick of fire this evening that when the word of God comes forth, my brother, preach the word. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, the devil is angry this evening. The devil is angry this evening at what's going on here this weekend. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] As we get ready for our special Amen. Oh, I will praise the Lord. [Music] will now I will praise the Lord. Oh, no matter what tomorrow brings and what it has in store, I know that I will praise the Lord. We're singing. I I will praise the Lord. singing. I will praise the Lord. Oh, and no matter. Oh my. Oh, I know that I will praise the Lord. Oh, can we give the Lord one shout of praise with all your heart? Shout back to the Lord your victory. Lord Jesus, I'm free, Father. Lord, I'm free, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I know that I will praise the Lord. Let's give God a hand of praise. Amen. You may be seated. Our sister Masala and our sister Nikita are going to sing a song entitled Draw Me Deeper. God richly bless you. Amen. Amen. Glory, glory, [Music] Draw me from fear into [Music] faithfulness. Lead me along your ways. [Music] Draw me from sin into your [Music] holiness that I may be a livinging [Music] praise. Draw me deeper and deeper into your word of truth. Deeper and deeper into my love for you. Deeper and deeper into the place where you are. Draw me deeper and deeper. That I may in know your heart. [Music] Draw me from hate into charity. From restlessness into your [Music] peace. Draw me from anger, Lord, into gentleness. Till every storm in my life shall cease. And draw me deeper and deeper into your word of truth. Deeper and deeper into my love for you. deeper and deeper to the place where you are. Draw me deeper and deeper that I may know your heart. And like a moth into a flame, draw me into your light until the very air I read is your resurrection life. And draw me deeper and deeper into your word of truth. [Music] Deeper and deeper into my love for you. Deeper and deeper to the place where you are. Draw me deeper and deeper that I may know your heart. Draw me deeper and deeper into your word of truth. Deeper and deeper into my love for you. Draw me deeper and deeper into the place where you are. Draw me deeper and deeper. Lord, I want to go deeper and deeper. Lord, I want to go deeper and deeper. Then I may know your heart. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] God bless your sisters. Is that your prayer? To get deeper and deeper into Christ. Amen. As our brother Isaac gets ready to come forward. Amen. Let's sing that song. All over the world, the spirit is moving. Amen. Amen. Amen. All over the world, the spirit is moving all over the world as the prophets said it would be. and all over. Well, there's a mighty revelation of the coming of the Lord. Oh, as the water is covered, well, and deep down in my heart, the spirit is moving deep down in my heart. Oh, as the prophet said, it would be well deep down in my heart. There's a mighty revelation of the coming of the Lord. Oh, as the waters cover now and all over the world. [Music] [Applause] [Music] All over the world as the prophets said it would be. All over the world, there's a mighty revelation of the coming of the Lord. As the waters cover the sea, can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Amen. Lord bless you. You may be seated. Greetings once again in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And uh what can we say about the convention? You're appreciating the convention. How many appreciate our precious brother Robato this morning? My God bless you, brother Robato. Thank you for the message. What a masterpiece. And what a way to end the message with the oldfashioned singing, the oldfashioned shouting. Give me the old time religion. It's good enough for me. It's good for my family. There's no substitute for the old time singing. Glory. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. So, I just uh want to greet everyone once again and on behalf of Brother OID and the ministry, welcome one and all to the convention. And we certainly want to acknowledge uh the ministers uh that are here and those uh locally as well who have supported uh the convention in some way. Uh so we just want to acknowledge the ministers and I'm actually going to start with Trinidad. Uh brother Terren Tony he's not here tonight but he was here yesterday so we want to put our hands together for him coming from Yadel Tabernacle. Brother Wayne Prime he was here this morning as well. So we want to remember him and uh coming all the way from Germany, brother Ziggma Coen Brena and his wife the Ziggma Sirene. God bless you. Thank you for coming. And a minister in his church, brother Stephanus and Sister Hannah. God bless you. Thank you so much for coming. God bless you all the way from Anacey, France. Brother Jeep Jano and his wife. God bless you. Thank you for coming from the United Kingdom. What can we say? Brother Peter Chandler and his wife, Sister Monica. God bless you. Thank you for coming. Going over to Nigeria. Brother Elijah Akini. Where is he at? God bless you, brother Elijah. His wife, Sister Martha. God bless you from Lagos, Nigeria. Brother Olua Yimbo and his wife, Sister Neka, God bless you. God bless you, brother Olu. Welcome. And our ministers in his church, Brother Cho Iben, and Sister Claraara. God bless you. Brother Adumbo Akint and his wife, Sister Aay. God bless you. Bless you, brother Toots. uh from Ghana, Brother Solomon, China and his wife. God bless you, Sister Jane. Brother Solomon, God bless you. Amen. Let me just pause there for a minute. Uh, Brother Solomon was speaking about Ghana being far from Trinidad and the flight plan he took to get there was something else. Brother Solomon flew from Ghana to Johannesburg, from Johannesburg to Brazil, from Brazil to Panama, from Panama to Trinidad. Welcome to Trinidad, Brother Solomon. God bless you from the United States, Brother Jesse Roblato. Brother Jesse, God bless you. Thank you for coming. What can we say? Brother Joseph Balommo Jr., God bless you, Brother Joey. How many you love, Brother Joey? God bless you, Brother Joe. We love you. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Uh from South Africa, he's very quiet, but brother Luke Raasetti and his wife, Sister Cavello, he's all the way to the front. He's a ministering with Raymond Thompson's church. And he's not outside now because we will be hearing from him tonight. How many appreciate? Brother Raymond Thompson from South Africa bringing the word to us tonight. So ministers, we love you. Believers, we love you. May the Lord richly bless you and brother Joey will come and bring him on. God bless you. Hallelujah. Amen. What can we say about our brother Isaac? Over [Music] and our precious brother Theo over it, our host. You love and appreciate brother Theo, his family, his church. Amen. [Music] and the lion of Sierra Leon, Brother John Conte. God bless you, Brother Conte. God bless you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh my. For a second there, I thought I got in trouble for mentioning Brother Isaac's name. He came up, took the microphone. I said, "Well, praise the Lord." Amen. Do you love him this evening? Are you ready for the word? Oh, no. Are you ready for the word? Blessed be the name of the Lord. We'll walk in the light. The South African walk in the lion. Oh, we walk in the light. We walk in the light. We're walk in the light. Walking. When I walk in the light, we're walk. We're walk. Oh, in the Oh, who's going to walk with me? Come on now. Well, now we walk in the light. We're walk. Oh, in the light. We're walk in the light. Walking. When I walk, walk. Walking in the light. Walk. Walk. Walking in the light. Walk. Walk. Walking in the light. Walking. Where we walk in the light we'll walk. Oh glory in the light. Walking. Well I will walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walking in the light. Walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walk walking in the light. Oh, come on our [Music] church. We're walking in a fa. [Music] Oh, it's a glory. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] f with all your heart. Now we walk with we walk. We walk in our life. Walking in. Oh go. Come on. Brother Nathaniel will walk in my life. [Music] Walk in the light of God. We'll walk in the light. We'll walk. We'll walk in the light. Walking in the light of God. Oh, can we give the Lord a hand of praise? Just worship him your own way. Just give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, what a what a joy to be in the house of God. What a what a pleasure to be here. It's a joy to serve God and especially on this stage. Amen's ministry coming to its holy convocation. Amen. Brother, I tell you, this is the most glorious time for the bride of Jesus Christ. So tonight uh you may be seated. Thank you. So I'd like to take this privilege on behalf of my wife. She couldn't make it. and uh my family, the church back home. Uh brother Luke, Deacon, and Sister Cabelloo with their two sons would like to greet the convention in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Uh like to thank our pastor Theo and his wife, Sister Emory, Brother Isaac, Sister Karen, and the Headstone Tabernacle Believers for the invitation to be here on this 8th day holy convocation convention. What What an inspiration to pick up the prophecy. It's a prophecy. It's a promise. All right. And and that's what's being uh preached over the people and somewhere someone is going to harness it or the seed will fall on good ground and bring forth a people that will bring forth that revival and bring on the holy convocation. So, thank you, brother Theo. I appreciate that. Your hospitality, the kindness, the man, you sure did a job with the screens, man. Congratulations. And uh I'd like to say to greet all our ministering friends, brothers. Good to see you all. I don't want to mention names. I might forget. But it's good to be with you and to see you again. God bless you. Oh, isn't it good to see our brother Joey Paloma? Brother Joe, we sure appreciate you and so good to see you and uh it brought back so much precious memories old days. God bless you. And then uh I'd like to appreciate all the ministering present or brother Peter my God bless you. No fly zone. God bless you brother Peter and sister Monica. We appreciate you. And then our brother Jano your wife. Thank you for the greeting. Wow that was beautiful. And then our brother Isaac. And wow what can we say? You said you're a spare wheel. I don't know if you if the real if that was a spare wheel. What will the real world do? Yeah, thank you sir. What a blessing. God bless you. And we appreciate our brother Colin Brener for his greeting also. And your wife here Stephenus and his wife S. And then this morning our brother. Sure. God bless you sir. What a masterpiece man. and uh he said he's getting old and I thought wow the old man can still sing man so what a blessing thank you that was mind-blowing uh ammonities and then uh brother Solomon thank you for that greeting was real a blessing appreciate that so uh appreciate all the specials that has been sung and uh may God richly bless you. Could we stand for a word of prayer? Amen. Most gracious and eternal heavenly father, we come to your throne of grace. We thank you for the presence of God that's in the house. Hallelujah. We thank you for the anointing we felt these past three meetings. And Lord, how your presence came down and blessed us and met with us. And Lord, we pray the Holy Spirit will once more. Once more, like Samson said, once more, Lord, send down your presence and meet with us. Lord, this message you send us is already anointed and so is your word. May the anointing of God come upon us and fill us and lead us. And Lord, it's a it's a it's a special day. It's a great day. And Lord, uh we want to welcome your presence. not just invite you and leave in a corner, but entertain you and and wor wash your feet with our worship, Lord, and and welcome the Holy Ghost down into our hearts and open up, Lord. May the word just find a penetration, Lord, and the Holy Ghost just seal everyone that's coming here tonight hungry, thirsting for the Holy Spirit. Bless the rest of the meetings and the ministers that will come. Lord, may the Holy Spirit just anoint them. And Lord, the little thought I have, may the Holy Spirit come down and just inspire it and bless you to the hearts of the people. We come to the end of this meeting. We won't forget to give you all the honor, the praise, and the glory for we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. Church, I'll say amen. Amen. I didn't hear you. Amen. I love Brother Theo. He's got a new one. Give us a shout in house. Can we get a shouting house? [Applause] I'm sure you can do better, man. A shouting house. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. So, uh, if you have your Bibles, three portions of scripture, short ones. Psalms 1339:17 and 18. Psalms 40 verse 5 and Jeremiah 29 and verse 11. If you have Psalms 139:17 and 18, it reads, "How precious are thy thoughts unto me, oh God. How great is the sum of them. If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand. When I awake, I am still with thee. Hallelujah. My hallelujah. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. My And then Psalms 40:5 it says, "Many, oh Lord, my God, are thy wonderful works which thou has done, and thy thoughts which are to usward, they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee. If I will declare and speak of them, they are more than can be numbered." My that's the thoughts of God. What he thinks of us, it's more than can be numbered. In Jeremiah, now this one I like. Verse 11, if you have it, Jeremiah 29 verse 11. Listen to what it says here. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord. Amen. Thoughts of peace and not of evil. Amen. To give you an expected end. Amen. Can I read it again? For I know the thoughts that I think toward you. So God is trying to get you to see what he thinks of you. Not someone else. what he thinks of you. Amen. Say the Lord. Thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. Hallelujah. May God add a blessing to the read his word. You may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So tonight I like to take a title. The bride of Christ is God's etern eternal thoughts made manifest. [Music] Hallelujah. The word eternal. My subject, you were always sons. You did not become a son. You were always a son. And then my inspiration, God is going to give to you an expected end. [Applause] So, tonight we we I want to speak of the bride's pre-existence. You come from You're not just from here. Brother Isaac said, "We're not from Nigeria. We're not from Trinidad. You existed somewhere before." Wonderful. and uh you were there somewhere and Bible says somehow in your human mind you cannot remember it but somehow uh God sent a prophet in this day and I love this. He he went so high that he he broke into the mind of God and caught the thoughts that was in the mind of God and pulled it down. and then came and revealed it to the bride. Now I have a revelation that I was somewhere else. How did I know that? God sent us a prophet with thus say the Lord that went so high brother that he could catch the thoughts of God. And today when it's been preached, that's the very mind of God that you sitting with in your lap that you have on your shelves. The tapes that you are listening to is the very mind of God. So we know now what God thought for this day. We have a revelation what God thought for this day, brother. Hallelujah. So I'm going to do Can I float on the quotes a bit? It says here before it could be a word spoken, it has to be a thought. And because a word is a thought made manifest when God speaks. Now back in the beginning when God looked down through the corridors of heaven, he saw all things that were going to happen on earth. Did you ever just sit and draw a picture in your mind, an idea, opinion? Now that's the way God did it. Perhaps in the beginning, then he see it seemed good. So watch. Now he spoke it. And as soon as it was spoken, it become a word. The thought was expressed. His thought and makes it a word. Amen. And he says once it is spoken, he can never take it back again. Hallelujah, brother. So once God speaks that word, that word can never be taken back again. Why? It's already spoken. Woo. Hallelujah. The devil's in trouble, brother. He thinks he got you. But you're going to find out God has a different plan for your life and for you and your situation. Uh he has thoughts about you that that that never mind what someone else thinks about you. I don't care what anyone thinks about me, what they say about me. I'm not going to become a product of some man's opinion, but I want to know what God thinks about me, what God says about me, what his thoughts about me. That's what I'm looking. And you must never become a product of some man's opinion. Never allow that. Don't let the devil even put something on you and say you nothing. He's a liar. God says, "The thoughts I have about you are not evil. It's peace." Hallelujah. And it's good. [Applause] My He says he can never take it back. He says, "Let me inject a thought in here. Even your natural birth is based upon election." Now you think you think this is a mystery to be saved in this day and be in the message. He says your natural birth was based on election. And it's a mixed audience. But he says the female ovaries produce so many eggs. But why is it that at a certain time a certain egg comes down and not another one and then amongst the male sperm? For we we for no known reason a certain germ attaches itself to the egg while others that could have just as easily attached themselves or had a better opportunity to do so but they did not it perished. There is an intelligence behind all of this. Otherwise what determines whether the baby is a boy, whether it's a girl, a blonde, a brunette, light dark boy. He says there's an intelligence. Now I and I wrote here, no, your natural birth was not an accident. And you're going to see it. You're not here by mistake. Hallelujah. So you in the natural were an overcomer. There was many other germs, but you in the natural, your natural birth, you swam, brother. There was something in you, an intelligence behind and you swam there. and brother millions of sperm but you hooked hallelujah you hooked brother to the egg and here you are today you think that's a mistake hallelujah don't make mistakes you're here for a purpose you here for a specific purpose I feel a shout coming on brother hallelujah so you mean brother Amon in the natural I'm already an overcomer Now what about your spiritual birth? Come on now brother. Brother brother brother it says there was many others who had an opportunity but they didn't do it. They died but you brother Hallelujah. You had victory in you already. You had power in you already. You had anointing already. Why? To overcome in the natural. How much more the spiritual birth? Those who are the royal seed are the elect of God are the predestinated brother Peter fornown of God and were in the mind of God and in his thoughts. Now I want you to see we speaking of where we were before we even came here. So we were in the mind of God his thoughts. Glory in very plain language. The true bride of Christ was in the mind of God eternally. Glory. Glory. Glory. though not expressed until each came forth in the designated decreed season. So God knew, that's why I say, please stay with me. You're going to see you're not here by mistake. It says the true bride of Christ was in the mind of God eternally, though not expressed until each came forth in the designated decreed season. You could not come in Luther's day. You could not come in Wesley's day but this decreed season on the 8th day holy convocation you had to be here brother there somebody has to be here to bring on this revival. Hallelujah. My he says though not expressed until each came forth in the desert season and each member came forth it became expressed and took its place in the body. Hallelujah. Thus the bride watch is the literal spoken word seed bride. Now brother this is not small words man. This was this was in where the the process he picked up his pen and write. So it wasn't him. So when he wrote this was part of it. The bride this bride is the literal spoken word. See bride. So don't look at yourself as a nothing. Don't sell yourself short. You're the literal spoken word. See bride. And that's why the devil fight you because he knows there's a seed inside of you. But brother, he will not prevail. You have a revelation. You have something in you that overcomes. Hallelujah. Did you hear that? Literal literal spoken word with sea bride. My and though she's feminist feminine in designation, she's also called the body of Christ. It is very apparent that she ought to be called that for she was predestinated in him came from the same source was eternal with him what eternal with him and is now manifested in a many membered body whereas once God was manifested in one member in our Lord Jesus Christ and that eternal one was the father manifested in flesh and thereby gained the title of son. Watch now. He gained the title of son. He says even so we eternally in his thoughts in our turn. My God. In whose turn? In our turn. So the prophet knew there's coming our turn. Hallelujah. Luther had his turn. Wesley had his turn. The Pentecostals had this. So did Malachi 4. But what about our turn, brother? There's got to be a people in the land in our turn. So even so eternal in his thoughts in our turn become the many membered spoken word seed manifested in flesh and those eternal thoughts now manifested in flesh are the sons of God even as we are so called. Amen. So now you come into a body of flesh. You were eternal. But now you come into the body of flesh. Now you're here on the earth. You're going through situations you can't understand. But remember, you were already eternal. Amen. Brother Isaac, we speaking to eighth day. Hallelujah. People that come from eternity. So this shouldn't be a mystery because you're not in the seven days anymore. Now you ced are back into eternity. Like brother said, we're pushing you back up, man. You You're not You're not down there. We're pushing you back into eternity now. Come on. You got to be there. If you stay down here, you're going to be all muddled up. You're going to be messed up, brother. But now, we're pushing you up and we're getting you there. Where you were before, where you will always be. And you're going right back there. Hallelujah. And that's why the Holy Spirit has brought you here to anoint you and push you back there again. Woo! I feel the anointing tonight, brother. I feel the spirit speaking to somebody to say, "Come on, get shake yourself. Get out of that state of laziness and complacency." And say, "Lord, I'm hungry for the Holy Spirit. I want to get back to where I was. I want to be anointed. I don't want to be just complacent and be a church member. I want to be a son and a daughter of God. My we did not become seed by the rebirth. We were seed and therefore we reborn for only the elect can be reborn because we were seed is the reason we could be quickened in none seed there is nothing to quicken so you'll think the whole world will embrace this message but you find it's not like that there's nothing in them to quicken but when you heard it brother yeah something stimulated in your man You picked up that first spoken word. You You listen to the first tape and something quickened in your heart. Why? If it was the seed of God in your heart and here comes the spirit of God, it quickens the seed and it made you alive. Hallelujah. So the devil can't take that away from you. I don't care how many mistakes you made. I don't care how low down you fell. There's a seed in your heart. And that is what the Holy Spirit comes for. Woo! Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My He says Jesus bought back his own. Listen. Hallelujah. Hold this carefully in mind. Take the next step. Redeem means to buy back. It restores to the original owner. God by his death, the shed blood, bought back his own. Amen. He brought back the spoken word, seed bride. My sheep hear my voice, the word, and they follow me. You were always the sheep. You were never a pig or a dog turned into a sheep. You were always the sheep. You mean brother, I always was a sheep in my heart. Though I was in the shines and it was in all the ungodly places, wherever you went, there was a seed in your heart. You were never a pig or you were never a dog. You were a sheep, brother. And my sheep will hear my voice. Woo! Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. [Applause] Okay. Thank you. So Jesus had to pay the price to die. He had to die. And he bought back his own by his blood redeemed the spoken with seed bride because Satan would have held it against him and against us. That's right. But now we can point back and say but that day he paid the price. And why did he die? Brother was saying that little uh circle and there was a hickey. But that he was when he came down and and to redeem us. That's the only reason he died. He came because someone had to pay the price. And then uh God looked down and the Adam's human race was in chaos. No one could redeem her. And God says, "Man, listen. Those are my thoughts though. They were in my mind. How are they a part of me? I'm going down to the earth. I'm going to take on a body of flesh. And when they nailed him to the cross. Hallelujah. He had you and me on his mind. And he paid the price, brother. And here we are tonight. We are shocked in the victory. We are praising God. Why? We can tell the devil the price was paid. You can point back Satan the price was paid. The blood has accomplished the the work. [Music] My my my It's time you preach back to the devil, man. Say that on Calvary was for me. Hallelujah. It was for Raymond Thompson. It was for Jesse Bledo. It was for Isaac over. It was for you. You put your own name in there. That day he died for me. And Satan can no more put anything on you because that day the price was paid. and he died to redeem back. And he says redeem is to bring it back to the original owner. [Applause] So you're not in the hands of a man. You're not in the hands of a group. You're not in the hands of any church. We are not under a banner of any. No, we under the banner of Jesus Christ. And you redeem back to God's hands. Shake off any spirit, brother. Shake off anything that's hanging on you. Shake it off. Be like Paul. When the when the serpent bit him, it hung on his hand. What did Paul do? Shook it off. Shake it off into the fire. The fire of God is here. Shake it off. Any problem, every sinner, every unbelief, shake it off. But they said that about me, shake it off. They said that about you. Shake it off. Woo! Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on, young people. Shake it off. [Music] [Applause] My Now we can point back to the day of Calvary. Jesus paid it all. Hallelujah. Not just part payment, but full payment. Full payment. paid in full. Hallelujah. Paid in full. My He says here and brother Peter spoke of the little eagle. It says here, but when when he heard the call of the great eagle, he came to his own place. He was in a chicken, remember? But he heard mama eagle. And once a true son of God hears the cry of the spirit by the word, he too will realize who he is. and run to the great prophet eagle and be with him forever more seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Then he says, "Then after you recognize the very word of God was eagle food, then you left the other thing." Now I like this man. When you heard the message, you left the other thing. You ran for your life. You saw they false. You saw they they're not true. You heard. He says you recognize the very word was eagle food. Then you left the other thing. He says right there you heard from your theophony. Oh, you mean brother Raymond, the day I heard it, that was my theophony speaking back to me. I heard and he pulled me out of there. Brother, you better believe it. You got your own theophony. You're not born from some minister's theophony. You're not born from no organization. You born from your own theophony. Hallelujah. the the thing you bypass came and called you and you saw it and you ran for your life and we still running. Glory be to God. We running from every force. We running from every interpretation. We running by the why we heard from our theophony. [Applause] Galatians 4:4-7. And because he has sons, God has sent forth the spirit of his son into your hearts, crying, aba father, wherefore thou are no more a servant but a son. And I think too many of us still look at us as servants. And B says a servant, he he he works and he gets his wages. All right. He gets his reward. All right. But he says a son a son is a person who's in authority [Music] because he comes from his father. Now we were always sons. We come from where? Our heavenly father. So we not servants man. We are sons. Speak the word. Hallelujah. Speak the word. But a son, he says, and if a son then an heir of of God through Christ, there it is. Jesus Christ came forth, died upon the cross, accomplished redemption, restoring to the original owner by means of purchase and paying the price. Uh thereby placed us as sons. He did not make us sons. That's why my my subject is you are always sons. Listen what it says. He did not make us sons for we were already his sons. But he placed us as sons. So brother, you were always a son. Sister, you were always a daughter of God. You didn't become the day you gave your heart to the Lord, the day you met the mercy. No, you were always a son. And I'm speaking to the eighth day people. They will recognize this that this sounds familiar, man. I was somewhere before. Hallelujah. That's why Jesus prayed in John 17. He says, "Father, I do not pray for the world, but I pray for them that's they in the world, but they're not of the world. But I pray, Lord, that you keep them while they're in the world." He says you had glory with him before the foundation of the world. You were [Music] there. Hallelujah. And because he has sons, God has sent forth the spirit of his son into into your hearts whereby you cry, "Father, father." Hallelujah. Upon whom did the spirit fall in Pentecost? Sons. Who did it fall on on in Corinth? Upon sons while they heard the word, he says here, "What is the baptism of the Holy Ghost?" It is the spirit baptizing you into the body of Christ. It is the new birth. It is the spirit of God coming in and filling you after you have repented, have heard the word and been baptized in water as an answer to good conscience towards God. But now the Holy Spirit, that's why I don't know who said it. One of the ministers said the question should be asked, have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? And and and many hasn't gone that far. They're just happy to be in the message, just happy to be in the church. But brother, we should be hungering for the filling of the Holy Spirit day and night coming in here. Lord, fill me. That's my desire to be anointed to be filled with the Holy Spirit. Ministers should be so burdened preaching the Holy Ghost, making sure the people, brother, listen, man, that's our burden. That's brother Theo's burden. That's why this holy convocation is called. Why? for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon the people. Young people, you're not going to make it out there without the Holy Spirit. The only thing that will keep you is the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. One one man asked Brother Brenham, he says, "I have two children. They 16 and 17." He says, "How can I make them stay in the message or stay in the church?" He says, "There's no way they can make it. Only by the Holy Ghost." Oh hallelujah. And the Holy Ghost is here tonight. And the Holy Ghost is in this meetings. You don't walk from here without being filled. It will be upon your own head. But tonight, you're going to find out you ordained to receive the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. [Applause] So don't be just Don't just be satisfied with the first experience. [Applause] Man, I don't know if I must say it. Listen, man. He says, "I He take away the stony heart. I'll give you a new heart." He says, "And then I'll give you a new spirit." He says, "Many people misunderstand that they think they have the Holy Ghost, but they only have a new spirit." Amen. He said, "But then I'll put my spirit in that spirit." Woo. That's where you got to go, brother. That's where you where you enter the Holy of Holies, where the Holy Spirit draws you right into the inner court and he places you right in there and fills you with the Holy Ghost. [Applause] My but see all that is displaying showing by type like the whole Bible. God coming together with a redeemed wife. Amen. Amen. It says here a pride that God had in his mind. Now watch this. So when it comes to the bride, it's got to do with God. It's got nothing to do with a minister. Nothing to do with a group. Got nothing to do with a five-fold. That's right. What God coming together with a redeemed wife, a bride that God had in his mind before the foundation world. That was the attribute of God being displayed. And now to make a character that would redeem this woman. It had to be something greater than her to redeem her. So God has in his mind how this bride must look, but it had to be a greater character. So you see uh God is uh you can't go in on your own merits. Please man, you can't go in on your good self and and uh how good I am and no. This has got to do with redemption. and he's choosing. So he took a greater character than us to redeem us. Glory, glory, glory, glory. He says uh if he is the redeemer, he comes to redeem it is to pick up that which is fallen. That's right. To redeem back to the place where it was at the beginning. So are you hearing me? Mean the prophet said this. This is the thoughts of God now. Amen. So none will be picked up but them that was in the thoughts at the beginning. He come to redeem not the canon foder that we see around professing to be Christians but uh that he come to redeem. That was his attributes made flesh and redeemable. So the minute you come into a body of flesh you become redeemable. That's why the Holy Spirit process one other quote. The Holy Spirit follows the blood all the way from the book of redemption. So the minute you born, your name was in the blood section of the book, brother. That's why you uncomfortable, sister. You'll never be happy in that condition. You know why? Your name is in the blood section of the book. And now the Holy Spirit is on your trail and he's going to bring you to a place where you need to be. That's what the Holy Ghost is here for. That's why you feel condemned. You ought to feel condemned. That's the Holy Spirit. Don't turn that down. [Applause] So you were made flesh and redeemable. So the minute you came into your body, you are now redeemable. Hallelujah. So the Holy Ghost goes to hunting. Oh, I don't care where you run. I don't care how you trying to hide. You might hide in the benches. Jesus is going to get you. He's going to get you. Hallelujah. He knows exactly where you're going to find out. He even knows where you're sitting. Hallelujah. Do you know that tonight he knows even where you're sitting? [Applause] So there's no excellence with God. And all those who was redeemable believed it because they were in the thoughts of God. The attributes of him at the beginning was made flesh and redeemable and was brought back to God. As many as received him, to them gave you the power to become the sons of God. Brother Peter, he woman at the well, she had representation of predestination. Ephesians, brother Isaac read this 4:5 1 verse4 according as watch. He hath chosen us in him, not our choosing. No, he choose us. Now, now you got to be very careful. Don't say, "No, I chose him and and I no according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will." Let me point out here that according to these verses, Jesus Christ is doing the choosing. Hallelujah. So it's got nothing to do with the minister. The choosing is according to him. Now Jesus Christ is choosing. He's choosing his own bride. Just the same as any man chooses their brides today. The bride today does not simply decide she's going to take a certain man for her husband. No sir. It's the groom who decides and chooses a certain woman for his bride. Hallelujah. You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you. Now, according to the word of God, the bride was chosen before the foundation of the world. The choosing of the bride was purposed in himself, brother. Jesus Christ purposed in himself. He's going to choose a bride and he chose you to be holy and without blame before him in love. When did he do it, brother Amon? Not the night that you were born, not the night you gave your heart to the Lord, but before the foundation of the world, you were chosen. Come on, young people, man. Can we get a shouting house? Yes. Come on. Give God back. This is for you. Hallelujah. It's for you. He gave his life for [Music] you. My I'm not going to let no devil beg me down, brother. Every time he says shut up, I'm going to stand up, brother. The every time you stand up, you define him. Hallelujah. I think brother Isaac said our hands must hang down, but when you lift it up, you define nature. Hallelujah. The laws. Why? Because you eighth day [Music] [Applause] people. My she was chosen before this world purposing himself. He says Ephesians 1:9 and Romans 9:11. It says that the purpose of God according to election might stand. You can't read it any other way. The heart purpose, the eternal purpose of God was to take a bride of his own choosing. And that purpose was in himself and being eternal was decreed before the foundation of the world. So Jesus didn't decide now I'm going to choose a bride. No. He didn't decide well at this holy convocation I'm going to choose a bride. Oh, he chose this bride wind before the foundation of the world. You were already chosen, man. Tell it back to the devil. Hear that, Satan? Chuck it in his face, man. I was chosen before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. [Applause] My Come on, man. Oh, I I feel my muscles growing, Brother Peter. I feel twice my size. I was tired. I'm no more tired. Why? There's something in the house. [Applause] [Music] He says, "Watch carefully now and see this. Before there was ever a speck of stardust, before God was God, even an odd of adoration, no one was there to worship him. So he was at that time only a potentially God and he was known only as the eternal spirit. The bride was already in his mind. So I'm speaking of your pre-existence. Oh my goodness. You're not a creature of time, man. We're now broken into eternity. We're pushing you back up. And and you're going to hear, brother, sisters, if you see this, you'll see many other things. If you can see that you're a part of God in his mind, come to the earth for a purpose. Hallelujah. When I see that, he says, you'll see many more other things, brother. My he says and known only as the eternal spirit. The bride was already in his mind. Yes, she was. She was existing in his thoughts. And what about those thoughts of God? They are eternal. Are they not? That's what I said. My title. The bride is the eternal thoughts of God made manifest. Sure. Now the devil that that shakes him, brother. Do you think of people like this with all their mistakes they the bride? Yes, they the bride. Hear that, Satan? They are the bride. This is a portion of them sitting here tonight. And she's all across the world, brother. There's a people that's called by his name. Hallelujah. That was in the thoughts of God. They are eternal, are they not? The eternal thoughts of God. Let me ask you, are the thoughts of God eternal? Amen. Now, here's a here's he says if you can see this, you will see many other things. Glory. Hallelujah. If you can see this, you'll see many other things. Hallelujah. God is unchangeable in both essence and behavior. He has never had a new thought about anything because all his thoughts he has always had and always will have and knows the end from the beginning because he's God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They are not simply like a man with a blueprint he has drawn up and which one day will be translated into substance and form. But they are already real and eternal and a part of God. So man is going to build a house. So he gets all the bricks and the wood and the cement. You see, he still got to put the thing together, right? He's got a blueprint he's got to work by. And this foundation must be so deep and this laid and everything. And the walls must go up in the roof. Trust us, brother. That's what he does. But when God looks at his bride, she's complete. She's already built up. He don't see you with your mistakes and all what is wrong with you. He sees you perfect, brother. He sees you complete. Hallelujah. That's a God I serve, man. Hallelujah. He's a God. And then he says here, so I'm speaking to 8 people and we're looking with their with their eternal eye. Remember now, we're looking with the eternal eye. It's already real to God. So God sees you complete. He sees the building standing. He sees the house already completed. He already sees you as a stature of a perfect man. He sees you already adopted. He sees you already coming to your Ephesians. He sees you coming into your position. He sees you perfected. He sees you baptized with and filled with the Holy Ghost. He sees you already in your 8th day holy convocation. He sees you going to free. You're going free in this time of Jubilee. On the eighth day, he sees you already in that eternal city that brother Blato spoke about. He already sees you there. You're not a creature of time. Don't let the devil lie to you, man. You're a creature of eternity. You come from God and you're going back to God. You are in the mind of God. So you're going back where you came from. Woo. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] So God don't see like a man. He still has to put it together, but when he looks at you, you complete. Say, "Brother Raymond, I have so many mistakes." He sees you complete. Brother Raymond, I still have this hanging on me. He sees you perfected. He sees you adopted. My He sees you in your Ephesians. He see you in the 8th day holy convocation where there's a revival going on. So when he looks now, that's why, you know, I'm so glad we serve God, man. Man always puts man down. Come on, preach back now. Is that the truth? Man will always put man down. But you know when God looks That's why I don't care about any man's opinion. What they think or what they say, it's immaterial, I'm worried. What does God think of me? This way. I must be connected this way. Not this way, brother. This way they cut you off. This way it's limited. This way it's only those who love you. But this way it's unconditional. [Applause] Hallelujah. Vertical is unconditional. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. I feel a fire on that. Men will always put you down. They always have a hidden agenda or something. But not with God. You know when they have an argument to you, they take you out to the out of Facebook, they take you out to the phone, they take your names off, they they they disqualify you, they want to have nothing to do with you. But you know the God we serve, our names is written, brother Peter, in blood. Hallelujah. He can never take your name off the book, brother. Why? Because your name is in the blood section of the book. You know, even if even if we fail and make mistakes, he doesn't disqualify us. [Applause] Oh man, the devil hates preaching like this. And I love to chuck it in his face, brother. Because you see, we were we were a fallen people and we needed a greater character than us to redeem us back. Right. And now we redeem back to the mind of God and once you come in flesh. So God is not going to get listen. Brother Brandham says this earth was baptized in water when Noah's there. All right. Then the blood fell when Jesus sanctified it. He says the next fire. He says he he's not going to discard this earth. He renovates it. burns off every germ, every sinner, everything will be burnt off and made new. He says he why? He renovates it. He says, "Well, that's the same way he does. He doesn't get rid of you or your earth." Hallelujah. But what does he do? He gives you the blood. He gives you the water, blood, spirit, fire, baptism, and then he comes to live on the earth. That's the same three stages you go through, brother, sister. But he doesn't get rid of the earth. [Applause] Hallelujah. Eight day speaks of a new beginning. Amen. The Jews would circumcise all the male children on the eighth day. I hope I want to say this again. Here comes Samuel. Yeah. He he must anoint one of Jesse's sons. All right. As king. So he says, "Bring them. Bring them. Bring them." And as they coming by, "No, no, no, no." And he says, "But you must have one more." Said, "But he's not qualified. He might not be qualified, but he's chosen. Bring him, brother. Bring him. Bring him. Bring him. Bring him. Bring him." And when Samuel saw him, he said, "Hey, this is him." He anointed David with oil. Hallelujah. Right there, brother. Why? Because David found favor in the sight of God. I'm here to tell you, you found favor tonight, man. Don't sit back. Don't say it's not me. Don't say it's for my brother. It's for you. [Applause] And he was the eighth son of Jesse. And he was anointed king. You never had a beginning. You will never have an end. You were always eternal and you come from God and you're going back to God. Hallelujah. I was looking this up and I read it somewhere. I just couldn't find it. They say the number of the beast, the pope, when you work it out in Roman numerology, it comes to triple 6. But they say the name of Jesus when you work it out in Greek numerology, it is triple 8. Hallelujah. Oh my brother, you mean on this eighth day? And I just checked the calendar. Brother Theo is the eighth today. Come on, people. Man, don't sit back, man. Something is happening. Something is spiritual is going on. I can't sit back. Something is happening. This is the eighth day and we have the eighth day holy convocation. God must do something for me. I'm going to reach out. I'm going to pull down glory. I'm going to build on the Holy Spirit. Why? Everything is running and going. There's no coincidence with God, man. Down through the centuries, we could go and find Moses and Jeremiah and John the Baptist. Each one of these were God's eternal thoughts expressed in their season. My that means that when we write uh there with him in the in his mind and thoughts of God before the foundation of the world that he gives an eternal listen quality to the elect listen what he says man and you put yourself down. He says the elect has an eternal quality [Applause] not quantity quality. God don't count his, he weighs his. How heavy are you, brother? It's not in numbers, but it's how heavy you are. So, he gives you a eternal quality. [Applause] So, he gives eternal quality to the elect. You can't get away from that. Amen. One professor one day he took out a $100 bill and he kept it up and he says, "How many wants this?" And he says, "Many hands went up." All right. Then he squashed it and he chucked it there and he says, "How many still want it?" He said, "And more hands went up." He says, "Then he took it and he chucked it on the ground and he squashed it." He picked it up says, "How many want it?" And still hands went up. He says, "What's the moral of the story?" Yeah. Though it was crushed, though it was stamped upon, though it was meshed, but it never lost its value. Hallelujah. Come on, brother, sister. I don't care what the devil did to you, stomped on you, dreamt on you, grind you, but you still have the quality, the value. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You still have the quality. You still have the value and he's given you eternal quality. [Applause] Your quality hasn't diminished. You still have the quality you are. You've been through hard battles and trials, but my thoughts I have for you are not are not evil. They are peace and they are good. Hallelujah. That's what God thinks about you. It's not evil. What you're going through, it's not evil. God, according to Romans 8:28, everything happens for good to them that love the Lord. Hallelujah. So, you haven't lost your value. Come on, young people. Tell the devil that I still have the value. I still have the quality. I still have I still have it. I need some virtue, man. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Come on, brother. You haven't lost your value. You still worth it. You still worth it. Don't give up. Don't backslide. Don't go to the world. You still got value. You still worth that $100. I don't care if he stopped you. I don't care if he took you to the world. I don't care what he did with your life. Maybe had you on drugs, pornography. Brother, whatever he put on you, you still got your [Applause] value. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Is there a shout in the house? Hallelujah. Come on, brother. You got your quality. Eternal quality. A quality that God don't count but weighs. Brother, he weighs you. And your altitude depends on your attitude. How high are you going to go? Depends on your attitude tonight. Hallelujah. My my my my Oh, I feel a shout coming on me. I feel I got a praise. I feel like dancing. I feel like shouting. The Holy Spirit is all over the building. Uh the anointing of God is here. You can go free tonight. Mother, where you sitting? You can go free. Hallelujah. I'm going to skip a few things. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. He said, "I've been zealous of the kind of seeds I planted for the body. The rain is going to fall pretty soon. I mean, the real rain and it must have seed to fall on." Amen. Come on, brother Olu. It's got to have seed. I've been very jealous of the seed I planted for the body. For the body. We're not interested on the other seeds. What did he plant for me? What did he say? There's another 8th day holy convocation. Hallelujah. Come on. Preach back. You eighth day people. You know what I'm speaking about. [Applause] Hallelujah. He says we become part of the word, part of his life, flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life. Then we can no more perish than God himself could perish. Why? That's what the Holy Ghost is. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Listen what he says here. But as long as you're a child of God, the world better keep their hands off of you. Hallelujah. As long as you're a child of God, they better keep their hands off you, brother. They they now they're now mixing with God. They now playing around and said, "It's better that a milestone be hung on your neck and you be cast into this the sea than to offend one of my little ones. So the world better keep his hands off you. You God's property. Hallelujah. Woo. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Woo. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The thoughts was in God. Then we were in God in eternity. And we were spoken into existence by the word. So the logo spoke you. He says, "Little you and little me. No one in the world can take my place. Nobody in the world can take your place. Woo! Little me. No one can take your place. No one can take my place. No one can take their place. Your place. Hallelujah. Your place in Christ. Nobody can take you, brother. Hallelujah. [Applause] says, "What kind of people should we be where the Holy Spirit has you so embodied or empowered that you don't use your own thoughts, you don't use your own mind, you don't use your own opinions, but the Holy Spirit has you so built until your thoughts and your being is God's spirit expressing himself through what kind of a church ought we to be tonight? Let the Holy Spirit embody us, take over our thoughts and our minds, and harness us tonight. That's what the Holy Spirit is here [Applause] for. Here's the one. That's why I say you can't hide. Listen, you can't hide. I don't care if you're hiding in the pews and you don't want to see my face. You ducking and diving. But God knows exactly where you are. Here's the quote. God's word is eternal. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. In the beginning back there when he's seen the world he's seen you and I this morning we say this afternoon he sees you and I listen what he says he's seen my baby sitting back yonder. He knows even where your child is sitting. Oh my goodness. I seen my baby back there. He's seen every hungry person in India. He's seen every preacher in the pulpit. He's seen every hypocrite walking. He's seen the whole thing. The infinite mind of God foraw it. And he said, "Now to redeem that foreign race, I'll send my Christ to my Christ, my son, to redeem them." So he knows exactly where you're sitting. He knows the seat. He knew you would be coming Isaac. He knew there'll be a switch. He knew you going to preach and not brother Paul. That's God. There's no mistakes with him. Everything that happens in your life is for a purpose. If you see that, brother man says, you will see many other things. Oh God, give me a revelation that I can see I'm a part of God. I'm eternal as God is eternal. I come from God and I'm going back to God. It's like that ring is a circle. There's no beginning. There's no end, brother. It just continues. You come from eternity. You bypass your theophony coming to the body of a place of trying, but you go right back again to eternity. Where you come from? Hallelujah. Oh, the devil hates it. Where we come from, brother Isaac? We can brag, man. Hallelujah. Eight day people, we come from eternity, man. [Music] My glory glory glory. That's the reason when he spoke a Messiah, there had to come a Messiah. He spoke that there would be a church in the last days without spot or wrinkle on it. There will be a church there. Hallelujah. He said it. I take his word and I believe it. So you see God, you don't question his word. When he says it, you believe it. Moses spoke God's thoughts. He says because a word is the thought to express and God brought his thoughts to Moses and Moses spoke them. Let there be flies and there was flies. Let there be flee. He says why his mind and God's mind came in contact brother. Oh hallelujah. Let me say something to this united time. See the church is uniting. Nations uniting. It's a united time of God and his pride too. And I say this with reverence and respect. I believe that the pride is of Christ is called I believe she's sealed into the kingdom of God. I believe the mechanics is there. They're waiting for the dynamics that will take her off the earth into glory in the rapture. I believe it with all my heart. Yes, sir. We don't know how he's going to do it, but he shall do it. I don't know how. I cannot explain, but he will do it, brother. And that's what we waiting for. The dynamics. Could it be this convention where a prophecy has been spoken over the people and you don't question but you take it and you embrace it and say that's me. Hallelujah. That's the reason I believe when the bride is called and elected and set in the book of life, there will come a son from heaven that will take such a baptism of the Holy Spirit into that bride that it will take her from the earth in rapture and grace. God promises. Don't care how many signs and how many astronauts and signs up there and everything else, how many million miles they can see. I don't care nothing about that. There is a heaven and there is a literal Jesus. Now, he told us earlier there's a literal pride. Now he says there's a literal Jesus. There is a heaven and there is a literal Jesus. Hallelujah. There's a literal Jesus Christ that there that will come in a body form to receive his church to himself. No matter how old the story seems, it's still the truth. God said so. That's what believers believe. Can I hear the 8day believers? Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Okay. Hallelujah. Now, we're going to hit Jeremiah 29:11. Now, the thoughts that God thinks, we always worried what what do you think about me? What does she think about me? That has not got one thing. What anybody thinks about you? It's got nothing to do with it. I'm interested. What does God think about me? Hallelujah. And if I can see that, brother, I'm going to see many more things. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. So, we're going to hit the expected end. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. My thoughts that I think toward you. Hallelujah. Thoughts of peace and not of evil. To give you an expected end. And when you're going through the trial and through your situation, you always think God is judging you. But if you take that scripture, it says, "My thoughts towards you that I think they are good and peace. Yes. And they are not evil. So God don't think evil of his bride. What man will do their brother? God don't think evil of his bride. My hallelujah. He says what? He says my thoughts that I think toward you the thoughts of peace and not of evil. So we forever thinking that when we go through a situation it's evil. I must have done something wrong. God is punishing me. No, God got you where he wants you. He got you in that situation in your job where you don't know which way I do you have a job when you go back on Monday. Oh God, he got you in that situation where you don't even have money to pay your rent. Oh my God. He got you on that situation not because he thinks evil, but my thoughts are of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. Hallelujah. Philippians 1:6. being confident of this very thing that he who has begun a good work in you will complete it until the day of Jesus. Amen. I sort of looked up this word expected end. Amen. They say for I know thy thoughts towards you the thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you what a future hope. Who expected an expected end. So you see, we worried here in between, but God is looking at the end. He said, "I'm the first and I'm the last." He's not worried what happens in between. He took care of the end at the beginning. He took care of it. And here you worried about what's happening in your life, brother. I don't care what drama you have. I don't care what drama you have, sister, but there's a plan of God working in your life. Young people, you can hide, but God is going to get you, man. He's got a plan for you. He's got He's got thoughts for you. He wants to give you an expected end. [Music] Woo! Hallelujah. My my my my Oh, are you ready for an expected end, brother? Hallelujah. God never ends on a negative. God never lost a battle. He never ended on any negative. Find me any place in the Bible where it ended negative. You're not going to find it. It always ends positive. Woo! Hallelujah. You're going to have an expected end. A future hope, an expected end. In other words, there would be an outcome. You see, he's not just going to leave us here. There must be an outcome of this message. It It must be completed. There must be a manifestation of this message. He's not going to just leave us here all the years toiling, toiling, toiling, preaching, preaching, preaching, convention. No, it's coming to a climax. It's coming to completion. He's not going to leave you uncomplete. He's not going to leave you defeated. Come on now, man. Preach back to me. He's not going to leave you unfinished. an expected end. In other words, there would be an outcome. There will be some results. You can't do a test and you don't get results. You go and write the test, brother, they give you your results. You either pass or you fail. But you going to pass. You already pass. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You already pass, man. So there will be results. It says there would be a completion. God would wind up or tie up everything in your life that's loose. So an expected end. So to all the drama in your life, there's going to be an expected end because I know the thoughts I think of you, they're not evil. Oh God, help us. I see Noah preaching the gospel for 120 years it will rain. Come back next Sunday it will rain for 120 years he comes it will rain. But one day hallelujah here come the angel and he says Noah you and your family come into the ark. What did Noah have? He had a completion to his ministry. And what happened brother? Noah and his family was saved and the whole world was drowned. He had an expected end. Job, he had an expected end. Was stripped of everything. But on the air sheep, he got the greatest revelation when he walked amongst the princes and they asked counsel of him. This man that was so rich and so full of wisdom. But he finds himself on the airship. But you know on the airship sheep is where he got the greatest revelation. It's not when you're up here. It's when you're down there and you're in the bottom in the gutters that God comes right down and he pulls you right up again. On the airship, Job got the greatest revelation. [Applause] And what happened? The thunders uh blasted and the lightning and God spoke to brother Jesse this morning. He says and great gave him the greatest revelation. He stood up from there. Watch his expected end. When his friends walked away, his brothers didn't want to have fellowship with him. They accuse him of being a secret sinner. But this man held on to the blood. Sure. He said, "Even for my children, where they sin and I don't see, I'm offering the blood for them." Hallelujah. He held on to the blood. Hallelujah. That's all brother held. And then the lightning flashed and the thunders roar. Come on, Job. Stand to your feet. I want to speak to you like a man. And when he spoke to him, after he left, Job, what did he say? I know my redeemer liveth. In the last days, he will stand upon the earth. Though the skin worms destroyed this body, yet in my flesh I will see him. Job had an expected end. It came to completion. There was results in the end. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh, hallelujah. Man, I feel the presence of God. God is speaking to somebody. Young man, young girl, somebody, mother, father. Hold on to the blood. If it's only you, stand there with your foot in the door. So your children can come in. Keep open the door. Even if it's you alone, you alone husband, you alone son, but your family will come in because you keep in the door. [Music] Hallelujah. My Joseph. Hallelujah. He had an expected end. All right. Now, brother Solomon's trying to do this morning. Lied on him from from his brothers. sold as a slave to Piper's wife, tried to entice him, went to prison, but he had an outcome. A man with a promise, but he's in prison, chained, but he had a dream and a vision that the she will bow before him. But where's the man? He's in prison. You might be in a prison, brother. But I'm telling you, God is coming after you. Hallelujah. He's going to open the prison doors and you're going to come walking out free. You're going to say, "Pastor, I need the Holy Ghost. I need the infilling. I need the power of God. [Music] Wow. Lied upon her when his brothers Amen. went to prison. Amen. Brother, that wasn't the end of Joseph. Hallelujah. Until the word of God. Hallelujah. He tried him until his word came. Until your word come, you're going to be tried. You're going to be tested. [Applause] And you remember when they all came He had a vision to store up the food, brother Solomon. And here he come and he had to reveal himself to his brothers. Oh my goodness. He didn't blame them. He didn't take off their heads. He didn't say no straight to the slaughter or remember what you did. What did he say? Don't worry, man. God did that to to preserve life. That's the only reason it happened. You sold me. You betrayed me. You spoke behind me but that's fine. God did it to preserve life. And I say here we are today. Hallelujah. God in this convention has kept this meetings. Why? To preserve life. Life comes on the eighth day. That's where eternity begins. [Applause] [Music] Caleb Caleb had an expected end. He was 40 years old when he God's servant said, "I will you will have this mountain." Now he says he's 85 years old. He says, "And I'm just as strong when Moses promised it." That's right. He says, "Now give me my mountain." You see, he had an expected end. Though his other brothers let him down, beautiful brother Isaac, the way you brought it and he didn't hold it. He says, "The other brothers caused me to walk another 40 years. But that's okay. I'm just as strong as I was when Moses made the promise." Now therefore, give me my mountain. Give me my individual inheritance. [Applause] There was a result, glory, glory, glory. You see, the expected end is so powerful that God leaves you and he don't tells you how it's going to be. And that's why you keep coming. You keep coming. And the more you come, the more it unfolds, the more revelation you get. The more you understand what the pastor is preaching, why he's hammering away. Because why? You part of the program of God. [Applause] My there's so so many here. I'll have to skip them for time sake. He says, "Yeah, the Hebrew boys, they had an expected end when they were chucked into the fiery furnace." He says, "And when they dropped down and the king looked in, he said, "But didn't we cast in three?" He said, "Yeah, but he says there's a fourth man and it looks like the son of God. They had an expected end. Right in the fiery furnace, your trial, your situation, you will see the fourth man right there in your trial." And when he looked down, he said, "But there's four." And the fourth man looks like the son of God. How did he know? [Applause] Oh, God. Hallelujah. And brother Sar says all the flames did was burn the chains loose. Your trial, your situation, your drama you having, it's only burning the situation loose so you can be free to worship. Raise your hands. Praise God. Give him glory. Give him thanks. Thank you for your home. Thank you for your children. Thank you for your job you have. There's people that don't have those things. [Music] [Applause] My Daniel had an outcome to his situation, through these drama. Amen. And we know how he prayed and now he was chucked into the lion's den. And the next morning, here he comes walking out. Hallelujah. He had an expected end, brother. The king even said the God of Daniel, he is God. Hallelujah. Oh my. We can stay on so many of them. But I want to come to Jesus. The man when he was crucified and and brother Isaac hit it and he had an expected end when Satan thought he had him on that Friday, but he did not know Sunday was coming. Hallelujah. Oh my God. Hallelujah. Friday they were rejoicing and they were so happy. They said, "We took him like we took Isaiah. We took him like we took David. He's just another prophet." But that was Friday. But Sunday morning, you might be going through your Friday, but there's a Sunday coming. And the Bible says he arose on the Sunday morning on the eighth day. Woo. Hallelujah. Brother, is this the day that Jesus is going to be resurrected in our lives and there'll be revival and there'll be eternal part of God in our lives? Is this the day, the 8th day holy convocation? And he rose on Sunday morning on the 8th day a holy convocation. Hallelujah. He rose for our justification. Because I He lives I will live also. Oh hallelujah. There was the disciples in the upper room. Oh my goodness. Hallelujah. 10 days they were sitting quoting there to one another, holding on to the promise of God. Sometimes God, there's a quote I had to remove. It was too long. He says a son of God can go for many years not knowing he's the son of God. Many years he can go and don't know it. Hallelujah. He says even Abram for 25 years had to walk with the promise. And every morning he wakes up. Oh yes. How you feeling, Sarah? Nothing out. Praise God. We're going to have that baby. Hallelujah. I remember brother's message. He says, "All Sarah's wrinkles of unbelief didn't stop Abram." Hallelujah. No unbelief is going to stop us, brother. There's a there's a call among the elected. The disciples in the upper room and expected end. And there they were waiting. And all of a sudden, oh yeah, the Bible says suddenly. Man, I preached a message on that back home. Suddenly, it didn't happen where they knew, well, if if if I'm all lined up and no, suddenly, oh, hallelujah. Can I tell you, brother, you'll be walking the streets of Trinidad. You'll be walking the streets of Nigeria and suddenly the angel of God will appear. Suddenly there'll be a baptism of the Holy Spirit come over you. Suddenly in the church there'll be a sweeping of the Holy Ghost. Suddenly God likes to do it that way. Not according to your program or my program. He does it suddenly. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. Amen. And suddenly the Holy Spirit came down and again it was on a day there my this God is smart man my God but brother Brenamir there's so much I would like to say about the time is against us but he says yeah he had an expected end seven angels came from eternity picked him up into the cloud and said now go back to Jezebel and preach the seven seals he had an expected end oh we walked walked into Sister Hetty Wright's home and they were speaking about the squirrels, the things that just happen now. And there she was serving and entertaining them and she heard it and she turned around. She said, "That's exactly the truth, brother." Woo! Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. My my hallelujah. Watch what happened. He said, "And she had an expected end. What do you want?" And and brother Bam says here in a new ministry and that super anointing, watch what he called it, that super anointing swept over me and said telly that she's found grace in the sight of God. Who would have thought tell her to ask whatsoever she will? Then you speak it by the gift into existence. Whatever she asks, speak it into existence. I'm here tonight to say, man, your attitude. You got to say the right words. You got to respond to God. And by a gift, he said the super anointing. Not just a normal anointing, a day anointing. This man broke into that dimension. A day anointing. He calls it the super anointing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. We're not speaking of just a anointing. Just a rain here and a little rain there. He says the real rain is coming. [Music] Oh brother, you ain't seen nothing yet. He says the real rain is coming. Just showers here and and little storms here, but the real rain is coming and it must have seed. And he planted seed for the body. Sure. Hallelujah. And he spoke. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Spoken with salvation. Glory. The bride. Woo! She will have an expected end. And I'm speaking about this bride. I can't speak for Luther Wesley. I'm speaking for this day. She'll have an expected end. Once again, watch. The world will hear direct from God like it was on the day of what? Pentecost. Pentecost was the eighth day. So he says, "Once again, the world will hear direct from God." Like as the Pentecost, she becomes God's mouthpiece. The bride Oh, she'll have an outcome. She'll have results. Oh, the bride will be the final voice to the final age. And it will be on the 8th day holy convocation that God will pour down the dynamics. It will be another 8th day holy convocation. Brother, so this bride becomes the final voice. She'll have a result. Listen, God, don't end on a negative. Amen. Show me one place where God ended on a negative. Everything he did was on a positive. And I don't care what drama you have in your life, but you're going to have an outcome. You're going to have results. There'll be a Hallelujah. There'll be a there'll be an end time result. Hallelujah. And the world will hear the wreck from God. There's another holy time coming. Here is the secret. The word is in the bride and the mind of Christ to know what he wants done with the word. Oh, give me a church whose every move and action is thus say the Lord and I'll show you a Messiah standing on the earth. Every move and action is thus sayeth the Lord. You move by the spirit. You are guided by the spirit. You walk in the spirit. Your whole being is embodied by the Holy Spirit. He says, "When you see that, I'll show you a Messiah standing on the earth." That will be your end result. That will be your outcome. That will be your results. There will be a bride. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Give me a church whose every moving action is thus say the Lord and I'll show you a Messiah stand on the earth. I'm going to close with it. This must close out. What a blessing. You remember that negro woman? Oh yes. Whose son was busy dying and she prayed 4:00 the morning. Lord, you gave me this child. He's the only child and he's busy dying. Yes. Where's your Elijah? [Applause] Oh, God. She had an expected end. There was results. And her prayer cut off a Boeing 707 that was coming across Memphis, Tennessee. And they said, "The storm is too big. We can't go above. We We got to land." Hallelujah. You know what did it was? Was the prayer of that mama who went right between and cut off a plane. [Music] She was desperate. Her son was dying. Where's your Elijah? And he said, "Go wait at the gate. I'll send him to you." And brother, she didn't know her prayer stopped the whole Boing 707. And he landed. And brother Brandon wanted to sit down. And all of a sudden he says, "Stand up." He looked who's talking. And he says, "Start walking." And he kept walking. He said, "Turn turn right." And he turned right. "Turn left." left. He turned left. He said before you know he was in a colored area and yeah he was walking down the road and he says across the gate there was a hanging a little Jamaima mommy with a man shirt wrapped around her head and when he came down she said good morning person. Hallelujah. He said how did you know? He said while I was praying this morning God told me I'll send you Elijah. Woo. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do we still have pray mothers? Crying out for their children. She said, listen, she didn't want him healed. She said, all I want to know that he's right with God. She wasn't even praying that God heal him. She said, person, all I want to know that if he goes that he's right with God. [Applause] [Music] Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. And brother he says okay you start praying. He said and when he walked into that house there was a sound small sign bless this house. This home wasn't much of a home. He said okay you start praying. Listen man, it's not wrong for you sisters to pray. She prayed. The pro said you pray. He said, "And when she started praying, you could hear that woman knew how to talk to God. She's been on those sacred sands where it's between life and death." And he says, "And he looked there and there was the son and he was saying to her, it's getting dark. It's getting dark." And brother Ram says, "I laid my hand on his feet." Hallelujah. And I started praying. Amen. And he says, "Just as I started praying," he shook. He says, "Mama, it's becoming lighter." Hallelujah. The prayer of the prophet went right down into the right in the dungeons of hell was taking that young man's soul to hell. But God pulled him back because of a mother's prayer. Not even to be healed, but just to be that his soul might be right with God. Oh, God. Oh God. Hallelujah. Is there someone here this morning? Someone here this afternoon. I'm going to brother Theo. I'm going to ask them to come to the front. Someone you want to give your life to Christ. You want You just want to get nearer. You want the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You come this evening. Say, "Young person, I need the Holy Ghost. I need a touch from God." And he said, as he prayed, the young man came back and he says, "Mama, it's late." And brother says in in 15 seconds in 15 minutes he was sitting and having his breakfast. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm giving you an opportunity tonight. He has space at the altar. Just come and say, "God, give me a special touch tonight. Let me have an expected end. Let my life not just end abruptly, but let me have an expected end in my life. for God where I see the Holy Spirit dealing and working with me tonight. Why don't you come while the band plays something? Brother Joey, have you got another mic there? Just say something for us. We're going to wait on you if you want to come. Come. Young people, come tonight. Give your life to God. Come say, "Lord, fill me." There's young people. There's mothers, fathers. And I say, "Lord, I want an expected end. My life is not what it's supposed to be. I'm hiding in the benches. I'm not sincere with you, God. Give me an expected end tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The presence of God is here all over the building tonight. You come tonight, you find a way, work your way to the altar. Even if you got to come be high up, there's more place here. Oh, if you want to kneel, there's more place. Hallelujah. Say, God, tonight I want to be changed. I want to be filled, oh God, with your presence. Give me an expected end. Let me see, Lord, that tonight I'm a part of the program of God tonight. Let me see. I was there in the mind of Christ. And brother Bam says when you see that, you will see many other things. Oh, come tonight, friend. The Holy Spirit is here. Don't turn it down. Mother, father, if you're not praying enough, come say, Lord, make me a prayer warrior. Let me pray. If you're not praying for yourself, but for your children, for your marriage, for your home, you come tonight and say, "God, I need a change in my life." God bless you. Oh, there's more coming. God bless you. There's more coming. Hallelujah. Brothers, can we come up here? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come up, Lilia. Andrew. Hallelujah. Just to make space for the others. I feel the presence of God in the house. We might never have another opportunity, but I know he's here tonight. And I know he want to bless you. He want to touch you. He want to fool you. Why don't you come tonight? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You come tonight. [Music] Won't you hear my heart? [Music] Oh ministers, would you come? Hallelujah. There's young people. Pray with the people. We're going to ask the preachers to help pray for them. Brother Solomon, come help pray. Brother Conte, come help pray. Hallelujah. There's people that want to go free. There's people whose lives and they want to be changed. Brother, brother Janu, will you come and help pray? Brother Zigma, just come and help pray. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's people breakthrough. This might be the only night they have. We don't know about tomorrow, but we know tonight there is grace. Hallelujah. Savior, want you hear my humble cry. Hallelujah. Yes. People to my right. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Brother Isaac, can you get them in? Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. From there below you can help us pray. Hallelujah. His presence is here. His dynamics is here. His holy spirit is here. He want to open the prison doors for you. He want to open the prison doors and you can walk out tonight free. [Music] Oh my heart. Oh God. [Music] [Music] Oh go. Oh Jesus. You do not [Music] pass. Oh hallelujah. Save me. Savior. Oh, [Music] you humble. Oh, hallelujah. Just pray wherever you standing. If you can't make it to the altar, make that to the altar where you standing. Oh, hallelujah. Holy [Music] Jesus. Oh saveior. Oh, blessed Savior. Won't you hear my humble cry? [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] one. Oh, that's it. Reach out to [Music] him. Don't pass me by, Lord. Hallelujah. I see you. Oh, where you standing? Just praise us with your hands. God wants to hear from your mouth. He wants to know you are praying mother. You praying father. Hallelujah. He wants to fill you tonight. Oh hallelujah. He's here tonight. The Holy Spirit is here. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Jesus to thy pass. Let me at thy throne of mercy. Let me at thy throne of mercy. There I find a sweet peace. A sweet release tonight. Hallelujah. A sweet release by the baptism of the Holy Spirit. A sweet release when we falling on the Holy Ghost. A sweet release where God changes your life into a new name. Father, where you become eternal with God where you always was eternal. Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh, sing my humble humble cry Oh Lord. Oh, that's it. Keep crying out to him. Grab a hold of that angel. Lord, I will not let you go this [Music] evening. Come on, mommy. Come on, daddy. Come on, young [Music] people. Listen. Save Savior. [Music] [Applause] Won't you feel my heart? Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus [Music] Christ. Heat. Heat. [Music] Lord, I [Music] will share you. I [Music] worship [Music] you. Oh Lord, I worship you. Yes, I will share you for your name is holy is [Music] holy. Holy [Music] Lord, all for your name is holy. Glory, holy, holy, Lord. Holy angel of the Lord is in the camp this evening. I enter the holy of holies. I enter through the blood of the lamb. I enter to worship you. I enter to honor. I am Oh Lord I worship you. Oh hallelujah. Give him praise. Worship him. Worship precedth the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Lift up your voices. I challenge you. Lift up your voices. Lift up your hearts. Give him praise. I thank you, Father, for filling me this evening. I thank you, Father, for refilling me this evening. I thank you, Lord, for my deliverance, Lord. Give him [Applause] [Music] praise. Oh yeah. You're holy, Lord. Yes, Jesus. Yes, Jesus. For your name is [Music] holy. Your name is holy. You're holy, Lord. Come on, my brother. Come on, my sister. Grab a hold of that angel. Holy Spirit is here. Receive ye the Holy Ghost for your name is holy, Lord. You're [Music] [Applause] holy. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh. The devil is finished. The devil is finished. He can't hold you anymore. Come on, church. He's here. He's walking up and down the aisles. Grab a hold of him. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] So you holy of holy hallelujah. [Music] I am through the blood of the lamb. [Music] I am to worship you. I am to honor. [Music] Lord, I worship you. [Music] I Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] For your name is holy, Lord. You're holy, holy, Lord. Your name, your name, for your name [Music] [Music] is Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] [Music] heaven. Lord, you're worthy, Lord. You're worthy to be praised. [Music] Yeah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, we will lift up holy hands. [Music] Oh, in our hand how we long to worship. [Music] Oh, how we long to worship [Music] you. Lord, we come to you in [Music] worship. No matter what the circumstance, No matter what the situation, all we will lift [Music] up. [Music] long. Oh, how we long to worship you. Oh, love. [Music] Oh, how long you [Music] Oh, how [Music] [Applause] we all want to worship you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Glory, glory, glory. Hosana, hosana, hosana to the king. [Music] [Applause] Oh yes. Shout shout to God with a voice of triumph. [Music] [Applause] Elohim. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Oh my my my my redeemed say so. I know my redeemer lives. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] worship. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] because Oh yes, Lord. He Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory to Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. [Music] Oh, just [Music] one sal. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh, I love you. [Music] Yes, I love because he [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, just my my [Music] [Music] Salvation. Oh Jesus is the sweetest name. mine. Oh, and he is just the same as his holy name. [Music] [Applause] And that's the reason why I love him [Music] so. Oh, for Jesus is the sweetest name on [Music] earth. Can you say it with me now? And I love him. Oh yes, I love him. For he's the only one true lover of my soul. And I love him. Oh yes, I love him. For he's the only one true lover of my soul. Let's keep playing song. [Music] Come on Jesus. [Music] [Music] That's the reason why I [Music] love Jesus. [Music] Every head bowed, every eye closed. Oh, my word shall not return unto me v. But it shall accomplish. Heavenly Father in this August being presence that we feel Lord Lord we know the very person your very being is here Father dealing with the hearts of the people Lord Jesus Lord there's nothing else that can be said and Lord I feel that at this time to let your people linger a little bit longer. Just want to close this portion of the service, Lord, that those would still like to seek you, Father. Lord, your Holy Spirit is here, Father. So, almighty God, God, we thank you for the message this evening. May you bless your servant, Brother Raymond. Lord to know that we are going to be manifested sons of God by a foreign knowledge. Lord, you already knew where will we be, Lord God. Lord, what we be doing, Father, what trials we would go through, Lord, you already knew the outcome. We thank you, Lord. Help us, Lord, to continue to press into you, Lord Jesus. to lose more of ourselves every day, Father, to shed these, Lord, 16 elements, Lord, and we can continue to blend into eternity, Lord God. And one day, Father, like Enoch, Father, we'll just walk on into heaven, Lord Jesus. Bless your people, Father. Be with them this evening. Strengthen them, Lord God. May we keep this solemn presence with us, Lord, in our love feast, wherever we may be, Father, as brother Raymond said, no matter where we are. We may be back at the hotel. We may be going to our homes, we may be driving on the road and suddenly here comes the Holy Spirit to baptize that predestinated [Applause] seed. In Jesus name we pray and ask. Amen. If you'd like to return to your seats, [Applause] if those you want to stay, you could still stay. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] There's just something about that name. Oh, as you find your seats. Oh, he's master, savior. He's [Music] Jesus. As the brothers prepare for the tithes and offering. Oh, after the [Music] rain. He's my Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Let all heaven and earth [Music] proclaim all that kings and kingdoms they will all pass away. But there's just something about that name. Let's bow our heads. Father, we ask that you'd bless these tithes and offering. Father, continue to use them for the furtherance of your kingdom, Lord. Bless us this evening, as we partake of our love feast, Lord. And Lord, we continue in this atmosphere, Lord. So, we ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. He's mastered savior Jesus like the fragrance [Music] after Jesus. Jesus, [Music] Jesus. Let all heaven and earth [Music] proclaim. Oh kings and kingdoms, they will all pass away. But there's just something [Music] about Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Jesus [Music] Christ. Kings and kingdoms, they will all pass away. There's just something about that name. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat [Music] [Music] up [Music] here. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat up here. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] And all that's good and perfect comes from you. [Music] And you're the heart of my content for all I do. Oh Jesus, you're the center of my joy. Oh, as you stand to your feet, let's sing it again. Oh now Jesus, share your testimony with somebody. my joy. Turn around and tell somebody, "All that's good and perfect comes from [Music] me. Oh, you're the heart, my contentment, hope for all I do. Jesus, you're the center of my [Music] joy. When I've lost my [Music] direction, you're the compass for my way. your fire light when nights are long and cold. Oh, and sadness. You are the [Applause] laughter that shatters all my fears. Man of all the [Music] Lord, your hand is there to hold. Oh yes, Jesus, you're the center of my joy, my joy, Jesus. Oh, and all that's good and perfect comes from [Music] you. Oh yes, you're the hope of my content, hope for all I do. Oh Jesus, you're the center of my joy. Can we give God a hand of praise? Can we give God a shout of [Music] praise? Oh yes, Lord. Oh yes Lord Jesus. Glory. Hallelujah. All the center my joy. As we go from here, you go with this joy in your heart. You express your joy to your brother and sister this evening. Tell them how much you love them. Hallelujah. How much you're praying for them. How much you you tell them how much we're going to make it together. Amen. And then tomorrow we come tomorrow morning for yet more from heaven. God is not done yet. I believe he's just getting started. Praise God. So as you take your seats and as the brothers begin dismissal tomorrow the doors open again at 9:00 a.m. Service starts at 10:00. May God richly bless you. [Music] Okay, just an announcement. There will be a prayer line tomorrow evening. Tomorrow evening, there will be a prayer line for the second afflicted. So, just please keep that in mind for tomorrow evening. God richly bless you. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
