################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-06-18 - The 8th Day Holy Convocation - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2017-06-18
Title:   The 8th Day Holy Convocation - Bro. Theo Ovid, Headstone Tabernacle
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-83qWPKEA8
========================================

[Music] Amen. You love the Lord this morning. My my my Just turn around and tell your neighbor, "God bless you." Smile with them. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. Oh, I will say this is the name that the Lord hath made me and I will rejoice for heath made. He hath made me glad. Let's sing. Oh, he hath made me. He had made me glad. Oh, I will rejoice. Oh, singing. He hath made me. He hath made me glad. I will rejoice for heath. Oh, sing. I will enter his gates. And I will enter with praise. I will sing this [Music] day. Oh, I will rejoice for he made. He had made me glad this morning. He has made me glad. [Music] I will rejoice for heath made Heath made me glad. He have made me glad. Oh, we going to sing. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. ation. Oh, blessed. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Let's sing it again. Oh, Jesus is the rock. Jesus is the rock of my salvation. Oh, Jesus says, Jesus says of my salvation. Oh, sing it up. Let's magnify the Lord. For he is worthy to be praised. Oh come let man follow the Lord with me for he is worthy. He is worthy. Sing again. Come let's magnify the Lord for he is worthy to be praised. Oh singing. Come let's magnify. Come let's glorify. He is worthy to be praised. Oh hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh blessed blessed be the rock. Oh, let's sing. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his cross with praise. I will sing is the name that the Lord has made. And I will rejoice for heath made me. He have made me laugh. He have made me. Oh, I [Music] will. Oh, he had made. He had made. He had made. I will rejoice for the earth made me glad. You love the Lord this morning. Are you happy this morning? Are we rejoicing this morning? Hallelujah. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Let the devil know what side you're on. We already have the victory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're creating an atmosphere of praise, of worship, of adoration, of exaltation because he is he is our Lord. He's our king. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. You love him this morning. Blessed be his holy name. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. I'm excited this morning. I'm so happy this morning. I'm excited about what God is about to do among us. My my my Lord, let's sing that song. Burn. Burn. Holy Spirit. Burn, burn. Holy Spirit, burn in me. Set my soul on fire. Oh, fill me with the Holy Ghost and God's full desire. Oh, make me, make me like the Christ of gold. healing and raising the dead. Give me the power that Jesus had. Truth of love that was shed. Oh, sing and burn. Burn. Holy Spirit. Oh, set my soul on fire. Fill me with the Holy Ghost and go desire. Oh, make me make me like God healing. Oh, give me the power. Wash through the blood that washing. Burn, burn, burn, burn. Holy Spirit, burning me. [Music] Fill me with the Holy Ghost and God's world desire will make me healing and raising the dead. Give me the power that Jesus has through the blood that Let's sing it up. Oh, burn, burn. Holy Spirit, burn in me. Set my soul on fire. fulfill me with the Holy Ghost and God's desire will make [Music] me healing and raising the dead. Oh, give me the power that Jesus had through the blood lamb. Oh, give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Oh, give me oil in my lamp I pray. Oh, give me oil in my lamp. Oh, keep me burning till the break. Oh, give me oil. I s oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Oh, give me oil in my lamb, I pray. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Come on, let's sing. Sing it. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Hos hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Without the music. Let's sing. Sing hosana. Sing. Oh, sing little louder. I sing like a mean. Oh, sing. Oh, everybody. Let's go. Give me, give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning. Oh, give me oil in my l I pray. Oh, give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Oh, keep me burning till the break of. For the last time, we're going to sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Oh, sing hosana. Say hosana. Say hosana to the [Music] king. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bless your name, Jesus. Yes, Lord. They just sing that simple song. Love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted. Let's sing it up. Love lifted me. Oh, singing. Love lifted me. Oh, when nothing else could have love lifted me. Halleluah. Love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Let's sing a verse. I was sinking deep in sin. Far from the peaceful shore. Very deeply stayed [Music] within, sinking to rise no more. But the master of the [Music] sea heard my desparing cry from the waters lifted [Music] me now [Music] safe. Love lifted me. His love lives in me when nothing else can help. Love lifting me. Hallelu. Love lifted me. Singing. Love lifted [Music] me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Let's sing the chorus one more time. Oh, love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me. when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Hallelujah. Love lifted me. Oh, his love lifted me. When nothing else could help, love lifted me. Blessed be his name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Many many many men. Yes, [Music] Lord. Blessed be your [Music] name. Let us sing that song. You are Alpha and Omega. [Music] We worship you alone. You are worthy to be praised. In every hand raised, let's just sing it to him. You are alpha and omega. [Music] We worship you alone. You are worthy to be praised. Let's just sing it again. You are alpha. You are alpha and omega. We worship. You alone. You are worthy to be praised. Just one more time. You are alpha. You are ala and omega. You worship. You alone. You are worthy to be. Let's give him a break. Shout right here. We give you all the glory. We [Applause] worship. Yeah. We give you all. [Music] We give you glory glory. We worship you our Lord. You are worthy to be. We give you all with everything in God. We give you all. We give you all the glory. We worship you all. You are worthy our Let's just worship him as the music plays. Yes, Lord Jesus. Give him a shout of praise. Give him glory. Father, we give you honor. Father, we praise you, Lord. You are worthy. There is none like you. We give you all our praise, all our worship, all our honor. Everything we have is due to you, Lord. We cry out unto you. We shout unto you, Lord. Hallelujah. Bless your name, Jesus. We bless your name, Lord. We worship you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes Lord. Heal and deliver. Revive, restore, baptize. Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes. You are worthy. You are worthy. We give you [Music] [Applause] [Music] your and we worship [Music] you. You are worthy. We give you all love. We give all the glory. You are God by yourself. There's nothing we could do without you, Lord. You are worthy, worthy to be for the last time. We give you all. We give you all the glory. We worship you all. Oh, are worthy to be praised. Yes Lord. Yes [Applause] Lord. Thank you Jesus. We bless your name [Applause] Lord. Yes Lord. You are worthy Jesus. You are worthy Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Don't stop worshiping him [Music] now. Yes, Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. You have won the victory. [Music] Halleluah. You have won it all for me. Death couldn't hold you down. You are the risen [Music] king seated in [Music] mesty. You are the rant king. Let's lift our hands and sing. Hallelu. You have won the victory. You have won the victory. Hallelujah. Sing [Music] hallelu. You have won it all for me. that could not hold you down. You are the res king seated in mesty. You are the rant king. Oh, halleluah. You have won the victory. Help me say halleluah. You have one just for me. dead could not hold you down. You are the risen [Music] king seated in majesty. You are the risen king that could not hold you [Music] down. You are the risk king seated in mesty. You are the risen king. Let's just give him a shout of praise. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. [Music] Jesus, at the mention of your name, every knee would bow and tongue proclaim [Music] Jesus. Jesus, you are savior, you are Lord, and you are God. [Music] Jesus, Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee will bow and tongue proclaim. [Music] Jesus, Jesus, you are savior, you are Lord, and you are God. [Music] Jesus, Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee would bow and tongue proclaim. [Music] Jesus, Jesus, you are savior, you are Lord, and you are God. Oh [Music] Jesus, Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee will bow and tongue proclaim [Music] Jesus. Jesus, you are savior, you are Lord, and you are God. singing, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless his [Music] holy name." Oh, sing and bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. For he hath done great things. Singing he have done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Sing it. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. Everybody sing. Sing. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within. [Music] Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me bless his holy name. He has done great things. Oh he has done great things. He has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. Can we give the Lord a hand of praise this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. Amen. Well, it's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord and to be back home. I'll be speaking after church, give a report. Uh but we do have two notes of praises this morning uh from Sister Donna K. Clark. thanking God for his grace and mercy for granting GT and I the privilege to celebrate our 22nd wedding anniversary today. Happy anniversary. God bless you. And uh also from brother Robert and sister Vivian thanking God for celebrating 12 years of marriage on the 14th of June. Happy anniversary. God bless you. Amen. We do have a prayer request for uh Gloria. I believe sister Janice uh striker sister deliverance uh uh from evil spirits plaguing her body and she's looking for a financial breakthrough and spiritual guidance for her children. We want to take her to the Lord in prayer and if there's any unwritten request you want to show by raise of hand this morning as we approach a throne of grace something softly uh approach the throne of grace this morning. Shall we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you Lord for your love and your mercy this morning. That Lord, you have called us in such a time as this. And Lord, we thank you for your blood. We thank you for your mercy. We thank you for Lord making a way when it seems like there was no way, Father. And Lord, we thank you for taking us through, Lord, our trials, our testings, our situations to bring us to this spot, Father, where Lord, we could serve you in spirit and in truth. Father, I pray dear God. Lord, as we pray for Gloria, Sister Janice sister, Lord, that the Holy Ghost would visit her right now and touch her body, Lord, and give her the breakthrough she is looking for, Lord, with her house, her family, her life, Lord. We commit her into your hands, Lord. And Father, you see all the hands that were raised this morning. Lord, you know every need, you know every condition, you know every situation. Father, may you touch your people once again. Father, may your Holy Spirit minister to the ears of salvation, Lord, and give us a charge in the inner man. Lord, give us a charge, Lord, in the sockets of our soul, to continue to press the battle, Lord. Father, may you raise us up in such a time as this, Father, to possess our inheritance, Lord. Satan is mad, but we are glad to be called in such a time as this. Father, may you anoint our faith today to pull down the Holy Ghost itself to pull charity to cut into our promises. Father, Lord, may you anoint your man's servant, Lord, as he comes to minister the word of God this morning. May the Holy Ghost move through the camp. May you deliver your people and set the captives free. We commit the service into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. And the church says, "Amen." And amen and amen. Amen. Listen that song. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, singing. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we sing. Oh, singing. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. The angels bow. Heaven and earth are what a mighty God. Just for a long time sing what a mighty singing. What a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty [Applause] God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Listen that song. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave life. What can he do? Oh, how he loves you. How he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. With every hand lifted, let's just sing it back to him. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave his life. What more can he do? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, singing. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, oh, how he loves you and me. He gives his life. What more [Music] [Applause] can he loves me? Oh, how he loves you. [Music] Bless the Lord. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you Lamb of God. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] He loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Just sing it one more time. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you. [Music] He gave his life one more. [Music] Oh Lord, give the Lord some praises right now. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you Lord Jesus. Let us bow our heads forward a prayer. Heavenly Father, we could truly say what manner of love is this that you could love us that we could be called the sons of God in this last hour. But we thank you for your blood shed in that blood Calvary that given us this divine opportunity to be surrendered to you to be connected to the vine as a branch that we could bring forth fruit and as we make the tree good the fruit becomes good. Make the fruit good. Father come Lord as charity this morning and pour out your love among your people. Speak to our hearts. stir our spirits and souls, Lord, in the spirit of the coming of the Lord, that we can be prepared for your coming, Father, because this is what service is all about. This is what church is all about, for your advent, for your coming, Father. Prepare our hearts this morning and speak to us by your word and confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name. Before I have your seats, why don't you turn around and greet somebody in Jesus name. [Music] M. Oh, I love you and me. He gave his life. What more can Jesus give? Oh, how he loves you and know how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. If you have your Bibles, I'd like you to turn to Leviticus chapter 23. We want to look at St. John chapter 7 and Matthew chapter 5. God bless you and welcome. Greetings in the name of Jesus. It's good to be here and we greet all those connected to us on the internet. May God bless you this morning. Want to read from Leviticus 23:33-36. It's in John 7:37 and 38 and Matthew 5 verse 6. Happy Father's Day to all the fathers in our midst. Leviticus 23 we read. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, The 15th day of the seventh month shall be the feast of tabernacles for seven days unto the Lord. On the first day shall be a holy convocation. You shall do no survi work therein. Seven days you shall offer an offering made by fire unto the Lord. On the eighth day shall be a holy convocation unto you. You shall offer an offering made by fire unto the Lord. It is a solemn assembly and he shall do no survile work therein. and St. John chapter 7. Read in verse 37 and 38. In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink. Amen. He that believeth on me, as the scripture had said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. And Matthew chapter 5, 1 verse verse 6, blessed the day which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. May God bless his word. You may be seated. As you sit down there, just give God some praises and some worship. Glory. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Our title this morning, the 8th day holy convocation. Amen. It's actually the theme of our upcoming international convention, the 8th day holy convent convocation. And I have an inspiration uh if any man thirst come. Hallelujah. Amen. If any man to come. Wonderful. If you have your Bibles with you, I want you to turn your Bibles to 2 Corinthians chapter 11. And let's read something there before we get into the message. I had this I wanted to share with you. Right. So keep your Bible close to you. 2 Corinthians chapter 11, we want to read from verse 22. And this is Paul and Paul giving testimony here. So this is for all the people. This is to help the whiners, the complainers, the people who think that it's too tough. This is Paul. Are they Hebrews? So am I. Are they Israelites? So am I. Are they the seed of Abraham? So am I. Are they ministers of Christ? I speak as a fool. I am more. In labors, more abundant in stripes above measure. In prison, more frequent in debts oft receive I. 40 stripes save one. I heard it talk like that. Sister 39. 40 stripes save one. Thrice I was beaten with rods. Once was I stoned. Twice I suffered shipwreck. A night and a day I have been in the deep. In journeyings often in perils of water. In perils of robbers. In perils of my own countrymen. In perils by the heen. In perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren, in weariness and painfulness, in watchings, often in hunger and thirst, in fastings, often in cold, in nakedness, besides those things that are without, that which cometh upon me daily, the care of all the churches, who is weak, and I am not weak, who is offended, and I burn not. And if I must needs glory, I will glory of the things which concern my infirmities. The God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which is blessed forever more, know it that I lie not. In Damascus, the governor under Aritus the king kept the city of Damascus with a garrison desirous to apprehend me. And through a window in a basket was I let down by the wall and escape his hands. May God bless his word. Keep reading your Bible. There are many mysteries inside of there. This is the mystery of guts and and amen and and having that belly to take a clear stand and everything don't have to work out as smooth as you want it to work out as you expect it to be. Be rugged Christians. Be rugged sons of God. Paul had stripes. He had prison. He had all kind of stuff and he still served the Lord. He still remained a servant of God. He still remained a Christian. He didn't give up. He didn't let go. He didn't back down. The devil couldn't move him. If he can hear from God, the devil can move him. May that be your stand, my brother. May that be my your stand, my sister. Amen. Oh, praise God. Satan hates revelation. He doesn't like it because he it upsets his plans. Hallelujah. Satan hates revelation. And the prophet said, "Let me show you another reason why Satan hate this book of the revelation of Jesus Christ." He knows that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He changes not. He knows that a whole lot more than do 90% of the theologians. He knows that since God is immutable in his nature, which is unchangeable in his nature, he's also immutable in his ways. Thus, Satan knows assuredly, here we go, that the original church at Pentecost with the power of God. Mark 16 in action is the true church. Yes, sir. That Jesus claim as his own. All else is false. It has to be. Now remember this. Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of Acts. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's a continuation of the book of Acts. And the book of Acts is the acts of the Holy Ghost in the church. And there's a prophecy. It will return. Yes, sir. So Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of Acts. So what you ought to be looking for is a continuation of the book of Acts. Remember the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, him moving in and out. Who is he? Christ in the church. That's your promise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now remember, the book of Revelation shows that the Antichrist spirit would come into the church and defile it, making it lukewarm, formal, and powerless. Hallelujah. That's the defiling. They're not crushing the church, you know. The object is to make the church lukewarm, formal, and powerless. All the church must have is a form and say their name message. Hallelujah. But you have to fight that. Hallelujah. Because that's not the true church. The true church will be on fire. Hallelujah. The church is not formal. The church truth will be on fire for God. Isn't that right? Isn't that right? Watch. It exposes Satan, revealing his works, attempted destruction of God's people, right to the time he's cast in a lake of fire. He fights that. He cannot stand that. Here we go. He knows, this devil knows this. I want you to hear it plain and clear. The devil knows that if the people get a true revelation of the true church and what she is, what she stand for, she can do. to greater works. We're not talking about talk now. We talking about what you can do by revelation by you getting a revelation of what the true church is. The true church is not a form. Oh, glory to God. Jesus said, "Upon this rock, I'll build my church." That's why revelation will make you stand on the ship. Whether you shipwreck, whether the boat break up, whether to put you in prison, the revelation going to stand because upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell cannot prevail. [Applause] Not new doctrine. You can get new doctrine every week. You will still crumble. But when you have revelation, nothing could move you. You are anchored because it's flesh and blood. It reveal it to you and it gives you prevailing power. Oh, give the Lord a shout. That's why so many people get thrown off the gospel cuz they lack revelation. They join church, they believe the message, they believe the word, they believe the Bible, but have no revelation. God never spoke to them. Hallelujah. If the people get the true revelation of the true church, what she is and what she stands for, she can do the greater works. She will be an invincible army. If here we go that's a further a sub sub behind that. Now if they get a true revelation of the two spirits within the framework of the Christian church listen the spirit on outside it working on the inside. Two spirits. Hallelujah. Working in the framework of the Christian church. And you battling with them two spirits. That that's one spirit making you cold and lukewarm. One spirit don't want you to come to church. Don't want you to praise God. Don't want you to appreciate that God sent some through the waters, some through the flood, some through the trials, all through the blood. Them two spirits working upon your life. Make you only want to praise God when things working nice. When you get this, when you get that, but praise God. But the Romans 8:28 says, "All things work together for good to them that love God to them who are the called according to your purpose." When I'm sick, that will work for good. When I lose my job, that will work for good. Whe this happen, that happen, forget that. Hallelujah. If they get a true relationship spirit working within the frame of the church and and listen and by God spirit discern and withstand the antichrist spirit. Not only discern it, you know, but withstand it. challenge it, test it, rebuke it, fight it, battle it, discern and withstand it. That's why B say all them devils don't want to get exposed. They want to hide religious spirits, enticing spirits, evil spirits. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise God. So watch say so, so watch. Withstand the antichrist spirit. Satan will be powerless before her. He will definitely be towed today as when Christ withtood his every effort. Satan hates revelation, but we love it. We're true. Listen, with true revelation in our lives, the gates of hell cannot prevail against us, but we will prevail over them. So the question is, do you have true revelation in your life? Because the evidence of true revelation in your life, you will be able to prevail against the gates of hell, not hell prevailing against you. So if you don't have revelation, get in the spirit because revelation is going to come your way. Oh, give the Lord praises people. That's why you ought to be worshiping. That's why you ought to be worshiping. This is not taking notes and writing down and you in the flesh. This is not Jehovah Witness Kingdom Hall. No, this is the kingdom of God that's being preached and every man press their way into it. Could we get a shout in the house? That's why when they come here, you come to sing. Regardless of how you feel, they come here to worship. Regardless of what the devil tell you last night, you raise your hands. You give God praise because you want to be in your spirit per adventure. Revelation drop down upon your very soul. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. I don't care how much knowledge you have. You could be, you could speak a whole encyclopedia, you still need revelation. You could know the Bible in the Greek and the Latin. You still need revelation. Revelation is what called a fisherman who can read or write to be an apostle to the church. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. You may be seated. Getting revelation is is better than getting a degree. It's better than getting a doctorate. Revelation is the greatest thing there is. When that boy had five loaves and two fishes, Jesus by revelation, which is by faith, took five loaves and two fishes and didn't ask for more flour and water and and go and fish, he just bless it and said, "Break it because my revelation [Applause] Jesus put a multiplying anointing on the fish and the bread. You couldn't see it, but once they break it, it have to break. It have to break. It have to grow back. The bread growing back, the fish growing back. The bread growing back, the fish growing back. The bread is a multiplying anointing. You think God can put a multiplying anointing upon your life? Come on now. The more you give, the more you get, the more you give, the more you get, the more you break. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Praise God. Our God, not easy. Come on. He's an awesome God. Give the Lord a shout. Oh, he is worthy this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Divine revelation. My Lord. So Jesus was speaking a lot of stuff in parables. Amen. And the disciples, why you talking like that? And Jesus said, he said, because it's given to you to know the mysteries of the kingdom, but to them it is given. So they only getting parables in the head, but I'm giving mysteries to you because the mysteries belong to the children of God. And the mysteries come down as the word of God and reveal the revelation of God. That's why you have to come hear the word because faith which is revelation come by hearing the word. So when you hear the word, the spirit could pick that up. Shut that in your soul. And the devil can't go inside of you and take it out. He can mess with your mind, but he cannot mess with what God put in your heart. Come on now. Come on. Give me a shout. Give the Lord a shout of praise. J could mess with your mind. Mind battles, but he cannot [Applause] mess. Man, I'm getting excited this morning. Hallelujah. Glory to God. That's why somebody could be lunatic in a mad house mental and filled with the Holy Ghost. That has nothing to do with the soul. That's all have to do with inside of here. mental stuff that have nothing to do with that. That's why Legion, look at Legion. He He had a thousand devils and he pressed and he pushed and he said, "Lord, have mercy upon me." Oh, glory to God. So, what about you? How much devils you have? Not hearing what I'm saying. This morning, praise God. If any man thirst, not everybody want to drink the water, you got to be thirsty. A thirst is a painful desire. If you're thirsty, come Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] Glory to God. Glory to God. I don't want nobody stiff in here. I don't want a stiff de. I don't want a stiff usher. I don't want no dead person. I don't want a dead elder. I don't want a dead believer. Come alive. [Applause] God, I want to see them deacons raising their hands. I want to see raising their hands. I want to hear you saying hallelujah. Want to join the four beast and join the four 20 24 elders. We are leaving here. [Applause] God called me when I was 17 years old. And since that time, I'm looking for the coming of the Lord. Since that time, I'm pressing my way. and he is still coming. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I pick up a wife and he is still coming. I pick up three sons. He is still coming. I pick up grandsons and he's still coming. As for me and my house, we going to serve the Lord. Oh, give the Lord some praises. It ain't worth serving the devil. It ain't worth giving yourself to the world. It ain't worth it. Hallelujah. Be seated. [Applause] Ah, this messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelation 10:7 is going to do two things. According to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. That's an experience. That's a manifestation. Dino walking with no spoken with book. That is something that has to happen. He has to turn the hearts of the children. Back to the faith. Not back to church. That's Luther Wesley. That's the spirit of man. Back to the faith [Applause] because that is what they came out from the upper room with. They came up with the faith. S and gold have I none. Not long dress, not jacket and tie, not get a nice building to have service in. That wasn't the fate. It was silver and gold have I none. Such as I have, I give it unto you. People were walking. The debt was being raised. Life was being transformed. Prison couldn't hold them. Death couldn't stop them. the when they beat them, they came back and said, "Lord God, send down some more power as we could go back and preach the gospel." That's the faith. [Applause] Yeah. Sure. You come to service, that's the faith. The miss service, that's the faith. You can't pray. That's just faith. That's foolishness. God will have to take that. God could raise up prostitutes. God could raise up slackers and bring them inside of here and unslack them, make them get tight. God could take drunkers and shower them. God could take all kind of hoes and prostitutes and make them ladies. Make them walk right, talk right, live right, dress right, and have their hair right. My God, I feel like preaching this morning, but I have something burning in my spirit. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Applause] You may be seated. One, according to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. Two, he revealed the mysteries of the seven thunders in Revelation 10, which the ministers do like to talk about because it figures that New York thing. Read your Bible. So another mighty angel come out of heaven with a crowd. Hallelujah. And and a lion roar and seven thunders are the voices. That's right. That's in the Bible. Amen. Hallelujah. Here's a bump part. Now watch. He will reveal the mysteries of the seven times. Revelation 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. It will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that will literally turn the hearts of the children to the back to the Pentecostal fathers. Amen. God gave Israel seven feast or seven appointments to observe. Amen. He gave them the feast of the Passover. Amen. Unle the feast of the unleven bread. Three, the feast of first fruits. Four, the feast of Pentecost. Five, the feast of trumpets. Six, the feast of the atonement or the day of atonement. And seven, the feast of the tabernacles. Amen. It was a reason he gave them these observances in that order. Amen. Come on. The order of it is perfect. Because these seven feasts also represent seven church ages. Yes, sir. Amen. Come on. Hallelujah. Every biblical holiday given to the Jewish people had three aspects. Amen. Hallelujah. Israel was to observe it in the present to remember something of the past. Amen. And it had a mystery of what was coming in the future. Amen. And I understand how all these observances or feast connect them to God. Amen. Because God will tell them keep the Sabbath, have a holy convocation, do this, do that. So it always put them in acknowledgment. Amen. Now I don't want you to just see Israel. I want you to see you. Amen. Amen. Why you should pray over your meals? Why you should pray in the car? Why you should be constantly reminded of who God is and his power and his grace towards your life. Amen. Because this is what they had. Each Jewish festival was to teach the Jewish people about God's character. Yes. And to help him un help them understand his plan of salvation. Amen. Amen. The word feast means appointed times. Amen. The feast was laid out in a calendar year with three occurring close together. Hallelujah. Then the coming of the Holy Spirit after followed by a long pause and then God put it in a way to unfold prophetically by these feast. Amen. So it is about remembering the Lord. Not your friend, not your family, not your neighbor, not your coworker, but the Lord. About his ordinance and about his commandments. Amen. Now, if you want to go with me, you could turn your Bible to back to Leviticus chapter 23. I'll be reading a bit from there. We're going to talk about it and you're going to just keep it open cuz that's the key scripture we're going to use. All the feasts are in this chapter. Leviticus chapter 23 and I want to read verse 4 and 5. These are the feasts of the Lord, even holy convocations, which you shall proclaim in their seasons. Amen. In the 14th day of the first month at evening is the Lord's Passover. Amen. So, keep your Bible open and we're going to talk now. We're going to share some things with you. This Passover had his original in Egypt. And you know that when the angel was coming and he said, "I'm going to pass over you." this night and smite all the first boys. Isn't that right? And that was a memorial of redemption and deliverance from the of the children of Israel out of Egypt. It was to be there. It was to be the beginning of months. And their birthday as a nation. Amen. Hallelujah. That what that was all about. So God say, you know what? Respect that day. Remember that day. Call it the Passover. I will pass over you. Always observe that day. So when they observe that day and they humble themselves, they remember the Lord. how we pass over our people generation after generation of Jews. They could communicate to your children. Remember this day because on this day there was blood on the doorpost and the death angel passed over. Our people was delivered and their generation tell the next generation. So they always connected to the scripture. Notice how they pray. The God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob praise is the same God. But these are our fathers that serve this God. Hallelujah. Praise God. God was real to them. God was true to them. And they see their children down with this testimony of the Lord. Hallelujah. And by the observance, they were connected to the character and the behavior of Jehovah. Amen. Oh, praise God. Are you with me? So that Passover for the Christian is deliverance from sin is Jesus as the sacrifice. Isn't that right being offered up? But Brandham an indictment. He was talking about the most holy city, the most religious city in the world, the most religious people in the world at a religious feast, the feast of the Passover. There they crucified him. Amen. There he indicted them. There they crucified him. It was the feast of the Passover. And it was to my astonishment, God used those feasts perfectly. Pentecost was perfectly 50 days. Jesus died on the exact day Passover. Exact. Amen. When the lamb was supposed to be offered up exact, that's when he died. Amen. Everything is perfect. If that is so, then we run into perfect numbers. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Isn't that right? Oh, praise the name of the Lord. The second feast was the feast of the unleven bread. And that is verse six in your Bible there. On the 15th day of the same month for 14 day, 15th day, the same month is the feast of the unleven bread unto the Lord. Seven days you must eat this unleaven bread. This feast begins the next night after the Passover. God told the Jews to eat pure unleaven bread the week following the Passover. We will compare that to having the communion. Amen. In the Christian thing, unleaven bread. And the purpose we have unleavened bread and they call it unleaven bread because leaven is a type of sin. Amen. Iniquity. Amen. Malice. So don't put that in. Have unleaven bread. Oh, praise be to Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Leaven in the Bible symbolizes sin and evil. Unleaven bread eaten over a period of time symbolize a holy walk with the Lord. Amen. That's what it symbolizes. So that's when the understanding to the Jews, they understand when they partake. And the feast of the unleven bread, they are partaking and they saying, "I want a holy walk. I want a walk with God." Isn't that right? The feast of the unleven bread begin the day after the Passover continued for seven days. The lamb was slain on the 14th day at sunset. Remember what the Bible talk about? Take a lamb in the 14th day, a good lamb and say it. Take the blood from that lamb. Praise the Lord. So the feast of the 11 bread began immediately after sunset which was the beginning of the 15th day. Thus there was no interval between as the Passover was a type of the death of Christ. So the feast of the unleven bread is a type of walk of the believer. There should be no interval between the salvation of the soul and his entrance on a holy life and walk. Praise God. You don't want to say how much the world. No, you walk out the world not to connect back with the world. You leave the world to find Christ. You leave the world for a holy walk. You leave the world for a righteous walk. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. So the Bible talk about but with the unleaven bread of sincerity of tr and truth. unleaven bread of sincerity and truth. Oh, pray. Walk in a newness of life, purging out the leaven of worldliness. Isn't that right? Then the third feast was the feast of the first fruits. And that's verse 10. If you look down on your scripture right now, verse 10 of of of Leviticus 23, speak unto the children of Israel and say unto them, when you come into the land, all right, because there's instructions given in the wilderness. So first fruit can be observed in the wilderness that'll wait till they come in the land cuz you have no fruit in the wilderness. Wilderness is journey. When you come in the land which I give unto you and shall reap the harvest thereof. You shall bring a sheath of the first fruit of your harvest unto the priest. He shall wave the sheep before the Lord to be accepted for you on the tomorrow after the Sabbath the priest shall raise it. And you shall offer that day that you wave the sheep a lamb without blemish and the f for the first year for a burnt offering. So that uh first fruits was the first fruit of your uh crop was to be brought before the priest and way before the Lord. The very first fruit first fruit and that was a type of Christ. He was the first fruit of them that slept. Amen. His resurrection was the first fruit. Oh that we're going to be raised from the dead. So that was testip tip that was typing Christ as the first fruit of him that raised from the dead. So whenever you get the first fruit you're waving before the Lord. What that speaks of others coming. So God tell take William Branham and he was waved. He was like a wave sheath. He was the first son that came to maturity and he was wave and God took him off the scene and that waving means other sons coming just like that. Born sons, Phil sons, mature sons. Could we give the Lord a shout in the house? I am talking about you. [Applause] William Brandon didn't come just for William Brandham to come. He came to get some children whose hearts turn back to the faith of the father. So he was the first son that come to maturity. He said what you see manifested temporarily will be manifested in the fullness when the press come. He is not here for that press. You are because the press is coming. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. So, the Passover took place on the 14th day of the month. Then you had the feast of the unleven bread on the next day, which was the Sabbath. And the following day, which was the tomorrow after the Sabbath, was the first fruits. That's why Jesus rose on the Sunday. Passover was Friday. Unleaven bread Saturday, first fruits Sunday. Amen. Which is the eighth day. Which is back to the first day. Oh. Oh. Glory to God. Praise God. Praise God. Do you see it this morning? No. I never preach on this. Hallelujah. This is the first time I'm preaching on this. Amen. Amen. Amen. I never did it. All my years never did this. So the feast of the first fruit was to be celebrated. This could not be done until after the children entered in the Canaan land. Therefore the first fruits was not observed during the wilderness wandering. The offering was the sheath reaped from the waving field of the right harvest carried to the priest wave before the Lord for all acceptance and was followed by burnt meat drink offering and so on. The first fruits was foreshadowing the resurrection of Christ. He was the first corner wheat in John 12:24. He was buried in Joseph tomb and resurrection was the first fruit of the harvest. Isn't that right? Amen. So I'm going to skip down. The next feast was the feast of Pentecost scripture verse 15 to 22. Look down in Leviticus and begin to read. And you shall count from the tomorrow after the Sabbath, from the day you brought the sheath of the waif offering, seven Sabbath shall be complete. Even unto the tomorrow after the seventh Sabbath shall you number 50 days. Amen. And he shall offer a new meat offering unto the Lord. You shall bring out of your habitations two wavelength deals. They shall be of fine flour. They shall be bacon with leaven. They are the first fruits unto the Lord and so forth. And the priests, I'll go down a little bit. Verse 20. And the priest shall wave them with the bread and the first fruit for a wave offering before the Lord. And the two lambs, they shall be holy to the Lord for the priest. And you shall proclaim on the self-saved day a holy convocation unto you. You shall do no survile work therein. Verse 22. And you shall reap the harvest of your land. You shall make clean riddens of the corners of thy field. When hold, let me read it again. Verse 22. I like this. When you reap the harvest of your land, thou shalt not make clean riddance of the corners of thy field. When thou reapest, neither shall thou gather any gleaning of thy harvest. Thou shall leave them for the poor and unto the stranger. I am the Lord. Don't cut down everything and say you're going to sell all cuz you want to make some money. Say leave back some for the poor to get some. And the stranger could pass through your field and pick some corn. Okay. The Lord said, "I am the Lord. Behave yourself. Don't be mean, selfish, and stingy. But I hear shouts in the house. Is this getting more real to you? God gave very specific directions for counting the proper number of days until the feast harvest which referred to as Pentecost. Amen. That is why in Acts they say when the day of Pentecost was fully come Jesus appeared to them for 40 days and then tell them tar in the upper room they had to wait 10 more days because it had to be 50 days they had to get the Holy Ghost on the feast of Pentecost. The numbers are perfect and we still going forward. Oh give the Lord a shout. Are you getting revelation? Do you understand this omnipotent God that give these the feast and doing all things under the feast? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. It was to take place. This this this feast of Pentecost was to take place exactly 50 days. Hallelujah. After first fruits. So after Jesus rose from the dead, he appeared to his disciples. And 50 days later when the day of Pentecost was fully come to the upper room under the feast of Pentecost something had to happen God's my numbers can't fail there one man there in one accord all of a sudden there was a rushing mighty wind fill all the holy arms hold on and fire fire sat upon each one of them offering made with fire. Holy Ghost and fire. Behold, I send you power. Power can't come before time. It has to come at the right time, at the appointed time. Oh, give the Lord some praises, [Applause] people. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So, this was first fruit. First fruit representing redeemed and resurrected men. That God church would be comprised of two parts, Jew and Gentile. The elect. Jews are not the elect. The elect is the elect. That's why they have 144,000. It's not because somebody's a Jew, their elect. That's foolishness. That's not the scriptures. Oh, all Israel is not Israel. Oh, come on now. Give the Lord a shout. That's why it's 144,000 that's going to be sealed. But the same Holy Ghost that you are going to be sealed with, it is one Holy Ghost calling a Jewish and a Gentile bride. A Jewish people and a Gentile bride. Oh, give the Lord some praise, people. I am convinced this is truth. I am convinced this is the word. It will happen. My hallelujah. Glory. Father. Hallelujah. 50 days after first fruits. All right. The feast of Pentecost was observed. The space between the two feasts include seven Sabbaths. Seven church ages. Seven. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Then on the 50th day, charity, dynamics, holy spirit. Hallelujah. manifestation of sons of God. Seven church ages. Type in seven Sabbaths after seven church ages. We have a promise of another Ephesians, not a Holy Ghost land, not a Holy Ghost church. He said there going to be a power coming in the church. Now coming is when man going to speak the word and going to flash just like that. The prophet said you haven't seen power yet. Well, I'm telling you, you ain't seen power yet, but power is coming because it's promised. [Applause] Oh my. Do I hear people shouting in the house? Just ought to get sons and daughters excited. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. [Applause] Praise God. Do you know? Amen. Where Mary and Joseph forget Jesus? She said, "Amen." It was the Pentecostal feast. All right. Hallelujah. But the Bible say where did they leave him? At the Pentecostal feast. All right. At that feast where they miss him. And he said the churches have to go right back. Hallelujah. At the Pentecostal feast. He said go back to the feast of Pentecost. Go back to the pouring of the Holy Ghost. There you will find the power of almighty God. There you will find the risen Christ. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Then wearing your dress long is not a problem. Wearing your face clean without makeup is not a problem. There's no fight because you're obeying the word and obey. No, no, no, no. is something on the inside that that oozing out of you. A lamb don't force and put on wool. The lamb does bear wool because it's a lamb. It have the nature of a lamb. Wool come out of a lamb. The nature is built in. The lamb wear the lamb put on a wool coat. Amen. Hallelujah. Come on, give the Lord a shout in the house. Amen. Hallelujah. I have to do that. I don't have to do that. No, you don't have to do that. You can go back but the elect going to press. Oh yes. Oh yeah. I love how God did it. Hallelujah. Woo. You see he's so content just to be in church. Press really Jesus. Amen. But but but but but Abel, press him. Jacob, press him. Amen. I will not let you go till you bless me. That's right. Amen. He wasn't talking about flux and money and car and house. He had that. Hallelujah. But he recognized that is not the thing. Because he had that had fear. He had that and a sickness. He had that and have a spiritual breakthrough. That what is that? Nothing. They fight for this and fight and they get it. Then what? You want that shoes so bad. You don't care what the price of the shoes. Hallelujah. But you get the shoes now when you wear the shoes. And guess what is the shoes? That's right. And the heel wearing down and the soul wearing out. Amen. Hallelujah. And the fancy shining it losing losing the fancy shine. That's right. So Jacob recognized he need more than that. So God make an arrangement. Amen. That Jacob will find himself alone. Alone. Hallelujah. All right. God made sure he didn't bring his cell phone with him. No. Because he might have be he might have be using WhatsApp or something. Might have be streaming or some kind of thing. Might be checking his emails. So somehow Jacob didn't have none of those things. All Jacob had was his mind and his heart. Amen. And his brother coming for him. And the more he think about his brother is the more horrors he get. Is the more frightening he get. So he said, "Lord, I can't take it. This get too much for me to bear. This fear too much for me to bear. Something had to happen inside of here. Don't come the angels. I hear you talking. I hear you praying. I hear you hungering. I hear you thirsting. I come to see if you're serious. Jacob was serious. He said, "I ain't letting you go." How many are serious? All night long. All night long. God was testing. If that son is serious, if you are serious, forget about everything. You fight for what is right. You press your way into the kingdom. If you're serious, you want to wrestle with that angel. I will not let you go till you bless me. Oh, glory God. We give the Lord a shout in the house. When the angel was finished with him, he was walking limping. That's right. And he wasn't ashamed. He wasn't telling what people would think. I changed your business. Hallelujah. Laugh at me. Now on the inside is a new man. Outside the old man, but inside is Give the Lord some shouts inside. You looking nice outside and inside rotten as ever. Hallelujah. My Jesus. Flip the script. Change inside. The outside look however outside look. Hallelujah. Today I shout in the house. Be dandy about so much outside. Forget about outside. Let's get the inside right. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Brother, go up to Jerusalem and there just wait there till I send the promise of the father. What did they do? There was 120 men and women. They went in the upper room at the temple. It was nearing the day of the feast of Pentecost. All right. From the cleansing of the sanctuary, the killing of the Pascal lamb, the coming of Pentecost, which was the first fruits of the harvest. So when them priest doing a ceremony of Passover and whatnot, Jesus on the cross, veil ran from top to bottom. Glory no more and is still doing the business. And he is not there. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. He has retreated from the temple. Yes. Hallelujah. And the glories don't hanging on the cross. Introducing a whole different feast time altogether. Now be after the feast of Pentecost is a long period of time. Yes. It's about 4 months like an interval. Between the feast of Pentecost, the next feast is the feast of the trumpets. Interval about 4 months. No convocation. This long in interval was like the present dispensation. What the Ram call it? I hope I could find it for you. The long Pentecostal feast representing the church ages. Because the trumpets, watch out. Watch. Every feast is in order. Amen. Perfect order. Amen. Amen. From the first feast, Amen. Isn't that right? of the Passover coming down. We coming down now to the coming of the Lord to the millennium to the hereafter. So after this feast of Pentecost is the trumpets. The trumpets is to guard the Jews. Amen. Amen. So the Gentiles have to be wrapped up as it was within the feast of Pentecost. Amen. This long feast of Pentecost because the trumpet's coming to call the Jews back to the homeland. Then it's finished. Then after the Jews with the trumpets is the feast called the day of atonement where they going to be repenting for rejecting Messiah. Amen. All that is the scriptures. Oh praise the name of the Lord. Oh glory to God. Brother Brandham in recognizing this message he said now what here here I think this is where I get from between the feast of Pentecost and the feast of the trumpets was a long period of time exactly 50 days between Pentecost and the feast of trumpets 50 days Pentecost means 50 the first fruit was brought in and the first fruit represent the first fruit of the Holy Spirit to be poured upon the people now we find out 50 days was received by the Gentiles. God called the Gentiles a people for his name. Amen. The feast of Pentecost and we have been going through that. We have been going through that long feast of Pentecost. Amen. Now the 50 days was exactly seven Sabbaths. And seven Sabbaths represented the seven church ages. Amen. to be called in the time of the Pentecostal feast. Yes, sir. Amen. Come on. So, the seven church ages is being called in the time of the Pentecostal feast. Oh, glory to God. Amen. And bear in mind, all seven feasts represent seven churches also. Hallelujah. Oh, praise. Now, at the end of these seven Sabbaths, there was to be a day of atonement which was the seven trumpets. And the seven trumpets was to call a day of mourning back to the sacrifice, the atonement. The seven trumpets pertain to Israel only. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. So then we go on to the feast of the trumpet, which is verse 24 of Leviticus 23. speak unto the children of Israel, saying, "The seventh month, in the first day of the month, you shall have a Sabbath, a memorial of blowing of trumpets, a holy convocation." The feast of the trumpets, which was observed on the first day of the seventh month, ushered in a second seed of set feast. It fell on the Sabbath day, at the time of the new moon. It was followed by the day of atonement, on the 10th day of the month, and by the feast of the tabernacles, which was on the 15th day of the month. The oh praise God. Hallelujah. So the fact that the feast of the trumpets come immediately at the close of the interval between the two series of set feast which is Pentecost trumpets it represent the dispensation of grace. That's within that feast period. Amen. Isn't that right? So brother Brandham on the feast of the trumpets brother Brham the garden of Israel is the trumpets. The trumpets is to gather Israel. Yes sir. All the trumpets sounded under the sixth seal because the seventh seal there was silence. No one knew what was the minute or hour that Christ would come. All God was calling out Israel natural in Egypt. Now it's calling Israel in the spiritual sense. He is making them ready for the atonement. Amen. So in other words, the trumpets come to make Israel ready for the atonement of what they reject 2,000 years ago. Isn't that right? and Moses and Elijah, they're going to deal with that. They're going to handle those 144,000 Jews. Amen. Now, the feast of the trumpet was first, which was Pentecost. The feast of the atonement followed it 50 days later. We're going to skip down a little bit. This has been watch the calling out of the church. Jesus. Amen. Afterwards, he took them into the land of promise. He will do the same thing. He takes the church to the land of promise. What's the land of promise? The Holy Spirit. Amen. That's your land of promise. Don't avoid it. Don't dock it. Tell yourself you have to have it. Amen. You need it. Jesus said, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness." They shall shall be filled. Amen. Hallelujah. Could we give the Lord some praises? Glory to God. Not blessed are they that come to church. He didn't say that. He said, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness." There's a natural hungering and there's a spiritual hungering. There's a natural thirst, but there's a spiritual thirst. David said it this way. As the heart planted after the waterbrook, so my soul thirst after the living God. Thirst could save you. Oh, glory to God. Thirsting for the right thing could save you because thirsting could drive you to desperation. You got to have it. You got to drink it. Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden. I'll give you rest unto your souls. Oh, glory to God. But if there's no test, you're drifting. Amen. Hallelujah. You're not desperate to go to the doctor because you don't know how sick you really are. You see, when Peter started to walk on the water side of sink, Peter didn't have to ball. Lord, help me. You know, Peter could have closed his eyes and said going backstroke. I doing front stroke. I'm a fisherman. I don't want to be embarrassed. I don't want to feel small in front of my other fishermanmen cuz all fishermanmen could swim. I don't think I go down the sea and I can't swim. That makes no sense. But this was sinking in the Jewish sense of sinking, you know, cuz devil was in the mix there. Amen. He said, "Lord, help me. I'm sinking." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because Peter eyes move off the ball. He move over Christ. He start to sink. But I like him because he was able to say, "I am sinking. Help me." Oh, glory to God. You afraid to cry for help. You need the help. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Cry for help. Don't be afraid. Help Lord help me. Help me. Don't know what way to be. I don't know what way to go, which way to turn. Help me. I'm sinking. I'm struggling. Struggling to come to service today. Not knowing what the Lord will speak to me, but I come. You made it. I'm waiting for God to speak to you. And I believe God going to speak to you by his word. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Now, hear this bum. The seventh trumpet is to Israel the same as the seventh seal was to the church. Amen. Amen. Not seven seals. Seventh seventh seal. The seventh trumpet was to Israel the same as the seventh seal was to the church. And under the seventh seal there were seven thunders. Yes sir. To call a bride. Amen. To gather a bride together to give the bride faith. To show the bride how to prepare. He is still calling a bride. Amen. Do you believe that? Praise God. For years, a bunch of church members, three kinds, but God going to call a bride. He's still calling a bride. We still have a revival that is promised. That ain't pass yet. You know, that's still coming. Seven times. Give faith for rapturing grace. That's still coming. Because rapturing grace, you say, you see a man dead on the floor, see him raised up, that's supposed to give rapturing faith to the church. That's mean dynamics, power coming to produce the same faith that Peter had. Peter didn't have no mystery faith. He had no talking faith. He had a living faith, a manifesting faith. [Applause] Hallelujah. So it kind of disingenous to come and tell me somebody have faith and there is no miracles, there's no signs, there's no power, there's no wonders, no trouble. They have faith to talk like talking faith. That is not the walk in faith. Peter thought he had faith too. But when they say, "You are one of them." He said, "No, no, not me at all." That's denial number one. They said, "By sure, but you dressing like them. I saw you walk into that church, you know." He said, "No, you're not. Not me. Not me. Not me. I I didn't go. I didn't go." Amen. The third time Peter had a curse. They said, "Nah, he he want Christian. Christian Jesus disciples don't behave like that. Then is when Jesus had a cry because he recognized he couldn't walk the walk. He was talking all along but he didn't have what it take to meet the challenge. And that's what I'm saying. The press is coming. You have to have what it takes. Sitting down on a church bench is not what it takes. Millions doing that right now this morning. So we not talking about that. We talking about divine revelation to give a prevailing power and then the inspiration coming upon that. can anoint you for the job of the hour. Oh, listen. God not afraid to anoint you. You know, God anointed David before David was ready. You know, David was the eighth son of Jesse. You know, he had overcome his seven brothers. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Watch out for number eight. Number eight is a new creation. Number eight is back to the beginning. After the seven run out is charity, faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, confidence, brotherly kindness. Seven run out. Charity never failth. Charity is number eight. We are going into number eight. The thing that cannot fail. This pride will be an invincible army. [Applause] There be no manifestation to s the bride. It will take those seven thunders to wake her up. [Applause] Wake off for for more talk. Wake up to know who she is and that she can do the greater works. Come on now. Come on now. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. You stronger than you think. [Applause] Hallelujah. You are more faith than you think. Hallelujah. You are stronger than you. See, you you listen to the devil who tell you your weapon not good enough and the word is not good enough. That the devil is a liar. Abraham could not show no evidence Isaac was coming. Every day he see an old wrinkle of face say Sarah Sarah grumpy but God tell him through Sarah you're having a son he had to watch that old face watch that attitude and believe God and the Bible said he believed God staged not at the promise of God through unbelief but was strong in faith giving glory to God. [Applause] Listen just refuse to die. Hallelujah. If the doctor say you have stage 10 cancer, refuse to die. Unless God pronounce you're dead, don't let the devil tell you you're dead. Everybody's supposed to be shouting inside of [Applause] here. Whoa. [Applause] Give me a scripture. Psalms 118. I shall not die but live to declare the works of the Lord. My God, I don't want the dead yet. I said over there hold I want to get I want to say once more Lord I want to r some Philistines. I want to back up some Hittites. I want to drown out some Jebusites. I want to possess my mountain. I want to push back some Philistines. Come on now. Give the Lord a shout in the [Applause] house. Glory to God. It have to start somewhere. Have they had some time? May it start now. May it start here. May it start with you. Let the weak say. Let the weak say I am strong. [Applause] Glory. Glory to the Lord. Hallelujah. [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My Lord and my God. The sixth feast. The feast of atonement. The day of atonement. That it was 26. I start to read it. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, "The 10th day of the seventh month, there shall be a day of atonement. It shall be an holy convocation unto you, you shall afflict your souls and offer an offering me by fire unto the Lord. You shall do no work in the same day. For it is the day of an atonement, Amen. to make an atonement for you before the Lord your God." G. For whatsoever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that day, he shall be cut off from among his people. Whatsoever soul be that doeth any work in that same day, the same soul I destroy from among the people. So on the day of atonement that Jew live or died, he had to live or died. Amen. Day of atonement, the high priest went once a year to see if they were forgiven. The temple is there. The the the the tent is there. The cloud of glory is over the tent. The high priest have to go out with blood to offer on behalf of Israel. Israel is in tension. They want to know if God has forgiven them. Yes. One man had to go inside of there. He had to go inside of there with a rope. That's right. In case he did, they had to pull him out because nobody else could go inside of there. The man had to be dressed right. He had to have bells around him. The bells was ringing symbolizing holy holy unto the Lord. Those bells was reflecting an order in heaven. In heaven they have saraphs. Sarah's worshiping day and night. Heaven is noisy. This is the quietest place you're going to be. In hell have noise in heaven have noise. I'm identifying with the noise in heaven. But when that priest high priest Aaron with the bells around him when he walking holy, holy, holy, Lord God almighty, holy. And when he just standing to pour the blood over the sacrifice, they're in silence. The people are waiting. They don't know when God forgive them. But when they hear them bells coming back out ringing, the people start to shout. They start to rejoice. They start to be happy because they know for one more year. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. The day of atonement, you may be seated, was Israel annual cleansing from sin. Hallelujah. And that was replaced by Jesus, our sin offering. Our high priest. Isn't that right? In Christ, we are saved and him alone. Hallelujah. Through him alone. Isn't that right? Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Praise be to Jesus. And this atonement of rejection of of of what how to reject Christ is found in Zechariah 12. And it shall come to pass in that day I will seek to destroy all the nation that come against Jerusalem. And listen, I will pour upon the house of David, upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplication. Hear the prophecy, and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced. They shall mourn for him as one mourning for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him as one that is bitterness for his firstborn. In that day there shall be great mourning in Jerusalem. And in the land shall mourn every family apart, the family of the house of David apart, the family of the house of Nathan apart, the wives apart, and the Levi and so on and so they'd be mourning. Amen. Because Christ will show this is is me you reject the one you have pierced. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Okay, we going now to the last feast. Amen. Amen. The feast of the tabernacles. Hallelujah. Verse 23-36. And the Lord speaking to Moses saying the scripture speak unto the children of Israel saying the 15th day of the seventh month shall be a feast of tabernacles for seven days unto the Lord. The first day shall be a holy convict a convocation. You shall do no survive work therein. Seven days you shall offer an offering made by fire unto the Lord. On the eighth day shall be a holy convocation unto you. You shall offer an offering me by fire. It is a solemn assembly. You shall do no survi work therein. Praise the name of the Lord. Verse 39, also on the 15th day of the month, you shall have gathered the fruit of the lamb, you shall keep the feast of the Lord seven days. Verse 40, you shall take the f on the first day bows of goodly trees, branches, and palm trees. And I'll just summarize a little bit. Make little boots to live in outside your house to remind them of the little tents that you live in coming out of Israel. To this day, they still do it in front of nice house. They make little boots of bows and so on and stay inside the deal. to remember that is how it was in the wilderness. Amen. That's why called the feast of tabernacles. Oh my. Hallelujah. Praise be to Jesus. And brother Brandham says, "Oh my." Watch my Oh, glory to God. This is so much. This is so much. This is so much. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. I go here. Wow. I want to skip down. So, brother said, I just going to skip a little bit. He said, now watch. Um, you cannot live by yesterday light. Yesterday light is only a memory. The wheat could not live in the same sunlight in June. See, it can't do it. No, let's back up and see. So, so, so in other words, the the wheat have to be mature to get the type of sun it have in June. The sun not changing wheat maturing. That hot hot sun in June, July cannot hit that wheat in May or so. It will kill it. So, it has to mature. Isn't that right? The sun comes stronger each day and the grain should be more matured to receive the sunlight. And that's the matter today. The grain that swed in the early fathers back there, Luther Wesley, the sun kills it and refuse to grow. See, watch. It becomes a husk and no life in it. The grain should be maturing and getting stronger and stronger each day. Amen. Now the shock that covering the grain when that sun begin to hit that shock, the shock dry. So the shock can handle the pressure. All right. Hallelujah. But the grain, the grain want the sun. The grain, the sun making the grain go from green to golden brown. Golden brown Christians. Amen. Not green Christians. Golden brown Christians. You understand the shipwreck. You understand the prison. You understand? You have to come out through a basket over the wall. You understand? Escaping the enemy. Isn't that right? Oh, praise the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Now watch how the grain would mature and come down to this last hour. This last hour we're living in. The churches must do the same thing. But the grain goes right on. He said we are another eight. Why won't they receive it? You see that grain is matured. Here is the promised word for the day. Them seven seals where the whole mystery was revealed would come back and tell while these mysteries were done. They walked further away from it than ever. They're without excuse. I know. Now watch. Luther's manner was the message of justification. Wesley message was the message of sanctification. The Pentecostal was the restoration of the gifts. But this is here we go. Introducing the headstone, the last day. Hallelujah. The bride tree. Hallelujah. Which is contrary to all of it. It's the same light for the matured. Hallelujah. Like the same sunshine today will be ripening the green for the harvest in July. You see what I mean? The light today won't do any good back there in July. It is stronger. The wheat is more advanced. Isn't that right? So has the real little minority of the church grow from justification, sanication, baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now the coming of the capstone shaping itself up. No more organization after this. So once I see and smell and hear organization, I run for my life. He said no more. because you're coming into maturity now where you have to get your own portion on your inheritance. Like the other day, here we go. Question answers. I got something mixed up. He said, you probably hear I was talking about the seven trumpets and I said seven trumpets and I was referring to the Pentecostal feast. From the Pentecostal feast until the trumpets there were seven Sabbaths and seven Sabbaths means seven churches. Well, now you understand that because we talked that already, right? from the Pentecost, the Sabbath to the trumpets. Seven Sabbaths. He said, "Now watch." He got it mixed up. He said, "Now watch." I'll just jump off. Count off seven months. January, February, March, April, May, June, July is seven months. Amen. Which represents seven church ages. Amen. Some minister might pick that up. Yes, sir. And then you'll have it. Hallelujah. Have what? A harvest. Amen. Where? In July. July. Oh, give the Lord some praise this people. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. In that seven month, we're looking for a harvest. In this seventh month, we're looking for a rain to fall. In that seven month, we're looking for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We have a right to be anointed. Hallelujah. January, February, March, April, May, June, July. Some minister may pick it up. Then you're going to have it. Oh, give the Lord some praise this people. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Holy convocation. Amen. Is a calling of a a solemn assembly. Amen. That is what is a holy conversation. A convocation is a calling of a solemn assembly. An assembly by summons. Not asking you to come. When the judge serve a summons, you have to come. Oh, glory to God. Only elect getting served with this summons. The Lord himself. 1 Thessalonians 4 come down with the summons which is the seven thunders to summon to you to a holy convocation. The Lord himself descends with a shout. That's the summons. Only elect going to get that. Oh hallelujah. You ain't just called. You have been summoned. You got to make it. You're going to make it. You didn't bring this far to lose you. Come on now. You're going to make it. They got to make it. You will make it. You have to make it. You have been summoned to this great call. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Someone say what? A 8th day holy convocation. Not just holy congregation. Amen. But the eighth day that is specific. That's the title of the message. The 8th day holy congregation. Hallelujah. You going to get what that 8th day really is. Praise God. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Brother Brandham from future home of the heavenly bridegroom. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. He say your old life passed away. Your old desire passed away. I think Anthony thank for the message last week that struck. Amen. New creation. This is a continuation of that. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. The old desire has passed. When you used to drink and cuss and fuss and stew and run around immoral, it died. Amen. Then you were Satan instrument. Now you are redeemed. Amen. Oh, glory. what the world will be redeemed. That's why John said, "I saw a new heaven and a new earth. It's a redeemed heaven. It's a redeemed earth." Isn't that right? And you will be redeemed. Oh, glory to God. Changed. Transformed. Not painted over, not brushed over, changed, transformed. You don't want you, you want him. Oh, give the Lord some praises, people. Do you believe that? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You a new creature. Praise God. A new creation in the same old temple. Amen. Amen. Amen. Same face. But new creation in the old temple. Oh, glory to God. Isn't that right? Hallelujah. Praise God. So, watch. Before he could come and live on it, he had to watch. Before he could come into us to live, he had to give us the baptism of fire. Amen. Then the Holy Ghost can come in. We 10% say amen on that one. Maybe you have the fire already. But I ain't feeling it, you know. Because I hear you. I hear it in your worship and in your shouts. If you don't have the fire, the fire have to come to burn the snake out to burn yourself righteousness out to burn all what you think to burn your head out. Your head too high. Fire on that head. Oh, glory to God. intellect too strong, too strong minded, too strong willed. Oh, praise be to Jesus. When you get the baptism of fire, then the Holy Ghost can come in. Amen. What does it do? It burns out everything contrary to the word. It would leave nothing else but the word. Hear what John said? Whose shoes I'm not worthy to unloose. He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire. Praise God. This man is something else. He gone for talk. He come to release fire on me yet. Holy Ghost on fire. I feel that fire is here this morning. I feel that people are going to be changing this morning. I believe you could be changed this morning. You could be healed this morning because he's the same yesterday, today, forever. You could be delivered this morning. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. The anointing is in the building. The spirit of God is here. Ride it. Worship. Give him praise. Glory to God. That's how it was in the upper room. They create an atmosphere. Holy Spirit can come and dry. Holy Spirit can come on dead. They was in the spirit. They were worshiping and blessing God continually. That's the word. They were dry seeds, but that didn't stop them from worshiping. They had revelation. That didn't stop them from worshiping. Their understanding was open. That didn't stop them from worshiping. The word was open to them. That didn't stop them from worshiping because their understanding was open. Because the word was open because they had revelation. They had expectation. And faith is a revelation that brings expectation. [Applause] Hallelujah. You may be seated. Amen. Faith doesn't bring examination. But he wait to see you know. Amen. Amen. I receive from himself. Hallelujah. And Elijah walked up to that woman. He said, "Bake me a cake first." Who you? Where's your credentials? Let me see the ID card. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Look to Elijah. I command a woman to feed you there. She has no food, you know. But he command her. Yes. She don't even know she under command. She command to feed him. Yes. And she have a little bit of flour, a little bit of oil to make final bread. She and her son going to die. And this man walk up and say, "Bake me a cake first." Is somebody intellectual? What? I going to bake my cake and I close my door. Yes. Amen. But faith doesn't work like that. Faith doesn't work by examination. It's work by something inside that heart. That woman turned to do the bake first. And when she turned, she hear thus say the Lord. That not dust is an opinion. Like dust say the Lord. The oil wouldn't run down. Your flour wouldn't go out. As she dip, she getting more. My God. The water sappy. She dip. She get more. I put too much of water. I need some more flour. She dip. Just dip. You don't have to look. Just dip. You don't have to look. You don't have to shake the barrel. Just dip. Commanding blessing. Just dip. Come on. Say it. Just dip. We need oil. Just dip. Oh, give the Lord some praises. I wish Christians were more light and free. You too heavy with unbelief. You do heavy with your own thoughts and ideas. Amen. Free yourself. Loose yourself. Stop being so stiff in your own thoughts. Oh my. I don't know. Let me get out of here. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. You could take some more. We have lots more. Don't worry. Is if you could take it, [Applause] my Lord. So therefore, the Millennium Marine is still in time. Thousand years. What does the Millennium Marine represent? 6,000 years. The Millennium Marine represent the seventh. And after that is the eighth eternity. Amen. Because the millennium is still in time. But Abraham said it this way. He said, "Notice the millennium reign, the thousand years is not the new earth. The millennium rain is a different reign. That's what we go into. The millennium, but that isn't the new earth and new heaven." No, no, no. That's just a rest place, a rest period. That is what this feast of the tamalu represented, a place of rest. The seven feasts in the boots. Isn't that right? Yeah. See, in the millennium, we have things that we would not go into. It is a type of the old seventh day out at Eden. The seventh day he made the world. On the seventh day, he rested in Eden and the millennium. And the world now is almost 6,000 years. Every 2,000 years in destruction. The first 2,000 years was the flood, baptized with water. The next 2,000 years come and sanify it and claim it with his blood. Now is fire. The next second 2,000 years, what? Now he burns her off and claims it as his own. Not the perfect world. This millennium is a type of the seventh day. Then comes the white throne judgment. We still have judgment. We still in time in the millennium. It's a day 1,000 years. It's a time element. Don't get it mixed up with the new heaven and new earth. It is not. Now you say, brother Brandon, you're trying to put something way over yonder beyond the seventh day. This is brother saying this now. Now the seventh day Sabbath and God made the earth and labored six days rested in the seventh day was only a type of time. But I've said we become eternal. So where is your type now? You said your typologist you run out of types now. No I haven't. Let's find out what we have. Come on. This is brother Brandham speaking. He said now Leviticus 23rd chapter. So he's going into that. He said now watch remember there are seven feast days. The feast of the trumpets, the feast of tabernacles, the feast of shaven. There are seven great feasts that was only a type of the seven church ages. Now you remember how many Sabbaths there was between one and the other. Seven Sabbaths between Pentecost and the trumpets, which was seven church ages. And there was a seven feast days that represented the seven churches. Keep your numbers running. Amen. Seven days. 36 verse he's reading from Leviticus. Seven days shall you made an offering made by fire unto the Lord. On the eighth day there shall be a holy convocation. Amen. So all the time he talking about seven seven7 but in the scripture talk about the eighth day and then he prophesied there's another holy time coming. Hallelujah. That's a prophecy. There's another holy time coming. Holy convocation unto you. And you shall make an offering made by fire unto the Lord. It is a solemn assembly. You shall do no survile work therein. Hallelujah. The eighth day what? Back to the first day. Sunday. Seven days. Come back to what? Back to Sunday. Sunday is the seventh day or the eighth day. The first day or the eighth day. Isn't that right? So God have seven. And when it go over to the next number is 8, but it's also back to the first. Amen. Isn't that right? Now it was the eighth day, the last day of the feast of the tabernacle. Notice after the last church age, after the last complete seven days upon the earth, after the millennium, then this convocation come the new earth. He has already went to prepare a place. It's built a holy convocation. The eighth day which is only seven days. Then on the eighth day, which come back to the first day, the eth day is a holy convocation. So the prophet is revealing something here. Let's continue. Are you with me? Amen. The Sabbath speaks of the old law. Keeping the Sabbath which passed away changed to another. Watch. Precept must be upon precept. You enter into life. You are not keeping a day or a shadow. You have passed from death unto life, not days and times. You are passed unto unto eternity. So he's saying this holy convocation is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. That takes you out of time and put you as a creature of eternity. Hallelujah. Isn't that right? Eight deals with new creation, not old creation. 8 days is new creation. It was the eighth day that our Lord raised from the dead. Amen. Isn't that right? There is your holy convocation. It is not Sabbaths. It is not all this feast of the tabernacle, feast at this, feast at that. Jesus raised from the dead and so forth. You have done all passed through time. You're dropping into eternity again. Not keeping of days, keeping of Sabbaths, new moons, but had passed, changed form, but passed from death unto life. Notice, not seven days to do with anything at all. Notice after 50 days or seven Sabbaths from there, there comes another holy convocation. What happened? The Holy Ghost fell on the day of Pentecost. Oh yes. On the eighth day, rather on on the eighth day was seven Sabbaths. So therefore, the Holy Ghost fell on the day of Pentecost. Amen. Sunday. Isn't that right? the eighth day. Isn't that right? So, it been seven times. Bring it right back around to the first day of the week again. So, watch. There is your holy congregation. What it is? The Holy Ghost. Amen. Breaking upon your soul. Bringing you into a new creation. That's the eighth day. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. There is your holy convocation. Listen. Not have nothing to do with literal thing. It is beyond that. Amen. It is into the kingdom of God with eternal life. Hallelujah. Like the predestinated that never did start. It never started on any day. You and Lisb, you was never saved on any day. You was always saved. Jesus has come to redeem that. But you were saved from the beginning because you had eternal life to begin with. You had that attribute gene thought of God inside of you. That's why you find yourself believing the word. receiving the word, you are always saved. Hallelujah. Oh my, I feel like running right now. Just a little more again. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. The woman at the well, Jesus knew she was a seed. So, he had no fight with all what she had been through. He didn't come to ask a question and fill out a form. Hallelujah. A sin form, a complaint form, all what you do form. He didn't come for that. He come to show her a higher order. He come to show her where she come from. He come to show her she belong to better than that. She worth more than that. [Applause] And when Jesus finished with her, she said, "Come see a man who told me all what I did." Isn't this the Christ? And them religious people in Benzub. But this woman, hallelujah, she's saying the grace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Shall we live through all these types? Oh my. Amen. Amen. All these seven types. But when you hit eight, you go to eternity. Are you ready? You don't go by by laws. You go by rituals. You go by orders. Like you had to wear a a part in the middle of your head and look like a brandite or look like how everybody else is looking or so and so on. Unless you don't look so you're not in the message. That's foolishness. Amen. But Ram said I could talk to somebody in 5 minutes and know if they're Christian much you could ra in 5 minutes. Much doctrine a man could talk in 5 minutes. People come with the platform. Baram said uh are you a Christian? He feel the spirit. Why? Why didn't the devil know who you are? Because what he sees. If the devil not troubling you, you in trouble. Hallelujah. He has seen nothing. Hallelujah. You don't see people pelting at empty trees that ping at leaf. If you see somebody ping a tree, have no fruit on it. Come on, Dennis. But if you see a tree of fruit, if somebody pelt it, look for the fruit, the devil see something inside you, want to out, you see a light. And that's why he said all them demons trying to out your light. You don't even know what light inside of you toward you. Wake up. Wake up. Hallelujah. So watch. You don't come by laws, rituals, order. You come by predestination. There is the genuine holy convocation. We are ending the seventh year age. We are entering that holy convocation. We are entering into that real genuine eternity where the church is called. Not to some station, not to some denomination, but into eternity. That's why it has upset me when ministers point the people to themselves or their churches or their groups because that is not the destination. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We go into eternity. Amen. Amen. G. You have passed into eternity. Where you come from, you was there to begin with. [Applause] You're going back to where you come from. I didn't hear you. I ain't hear them shouting out here. Where you come from is where you're going. You're going from where you come from. [Applause] The Holy Ghost is eternal. Then you are in eternity. When you was all the time, where you was all the time, but you just recognize what happened. You were made for eternal purpose because you was the manifestation of the attribute that was in God. Amen. That thought of you and expressed you. He made an earth to take you out of to make you a human being. He gave you a body called time. [Music] [Applause] There's a time body. But at the last trump, the trump of God shall sound telling Christ shall rise. We shall be changed. [Applause] That is why Jesus could talk about Lazarus said he sleepeth and I go wake him. Not even death could stop him. He said I go wake him because I understand in that dimension that's a temporary hold. Oh glory to God. Then death become a chariot to take God's saints into glory. A chariot to hitch a ride over. You have to take off this carcass, spin around to go into your theophony, waiting for that physical body, resurrection voice, waiting for a church to come to perfection to bring on the resurrection. You are not a creature of time. You become a creature of eternity. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. You may be seated. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Don't worry. Tomorrow the holiday. Hallelujah. They don't want they don't want to say amen. Amen. But and I ain't about it with you, you know. You're not short of me at all. Praise God. This is rich. This is real. I was astonished when I was studying this. It blow me all out. I recognize we coming down here to the end. Oh, glory to God. How every feast is in order. The trumpet is about to sound. Moses and Elijah already on the earth somewhere to go to the Jews. And if that be so, the Bible said, "I saw another mighty angel ascending from the east having the seal of the living God." He said, "Seal all those 144,000." But before those Jews could be sealed, there's a gentile bride have to be sealed. And Jesus said, "If any man test [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh, glory. Hallelujah. My Let me say it again." Amen. You were made for an eternal purpose. Hallelujah. Because you was the manifestation of the attribute that was in God that thought of you and expressed you. He made a earth to take you out of to make you a human being. Hallelujah. Sin come along and perverted his way. You come anyhow. You was lost with the world. So he come to redeem you. The express attribute and redeem the earth the same way. Amen. The earth get water on Noah's day. It's not that in a flood and drunk Noah and drunk the earth. The mystery behind that the earth was baptized like my sister here going to get baptized. Young lady going to get baptized in it. The earth was baptized in water. Then Jesus blood drop on it. Satan don't even understand what's happening. The earth has been redeemed. And then he promised fire. The righteous shall walk on the ashes of the wicked. Fire coming on the earth. And what God does to you? He redeems you by water by blood and then fire and one more fire. The fire that changes mortal into mortality. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Watch Ephesians 1:10 call it a dispensation. Not the seventh day. It is called the fullness of time. When the fullness of time has come, when time has been fulfilled, there is no more time. Then you go into eternity. Revelation 10, what the angel says, time shall be no longer. Seven thunders, time shall be no more. Amen. Time no longer. A prophecy that time is about finished. Amen. We are running out of time, friends. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory to God. Praise God. So after the world is on fire and baptized, it's the baptism world on fire from heaven. All sin is gone. All germs gone. All devil's gone. All temptations gone. Evil gone. Isn't that right? What does God do? He can sit upon the earth because all sin is gone. That's the same thing he does when he gives you the Holy Ghost. Baptism with fire. He can come and dwell in you and sit in heavenly places. Watch. You get it? Now the fullness of time has come after time has been fulfilled. Sin is gone. After the world's baptism, it's in a fifth place. No sickness, no germs, no taunts, no tissles, no death, no sorrow, no heartaches, no old age. Nothing to represent. Hallelujah. Amen. That mean all the gray hair going back. Hallelujah. All the wrinkle face going back smooth. Amen. Missing teeth being restored. Hallelujah. Everything going back to normal. Amen. Looking like a 19year-old. Everybody smiling now. Look at they want to go back right now. I with you on that. I'm with you. I'm with you. Oh, hallelujah. I want to go back to you now. Cuz sometimes this this this mechanics doesn't be working so well. Oh, hallelujah. This equipment has malfunction. Praise God. Spark plug sometimes that not cracking up. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Here we go. You're eternal. You have crossed from seventh day into the eighth. Amen. You have got eternal life by the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Included in this. Oh, praise God. This is the eternal. The feast after the feast of the tabernacles. Oh, glory. This is the eighth day. The tabernacle feast was for seven days, but in 8th day, holy convocation. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. I'm on the home church here now. St. John 1:39. St. John 1 chapter 7 rather verse one I I'll read it you don't find it after these things Jesus walked in Galilee as he would not walk in jewelry because the Jews sought to kill him now the Jews feast of tabernacles was at hand feast of the tabernacles was at hand his brethren therefore said unto him hence go into Judea that the disciples also may see the works that thou doest for there is no man that doeth anything in secret that he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do these things, show thyself to the world. For neither did his brethren believe in him. Let's continue. Then Jesus said unto them, my time is not yet come. Amen. But your time is always ready. The world cannot hate you hate you, but me it hateth because I testify of it that the works thereof are evil. Go ye up to this feast. I go not up yet unto the feast, for my time is not yet come. So when he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee. But when his bre was gone up, then went he up to the feast. Amen. Not openly, but in secret. So Jesus said him, "Go up. I ain't going up yet." And he sent them. Then he slipping there secretly. And the Jews sought him at the feast saying, "Where is he?" Because Jesus is like a controversial figure. So he had to be somewhere around. So where is he? And there was a murmuring among the people concerning him that some said he's a good man and said nay he deceiveth the people. How be it no man speak openly of him. So people shuing shoo for fear of the Jews. Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went into the temple and taught in the midst of the feast. He's teaching the dudes marvelous saying how this man let us have never learned. My Lord, my Jesus say, "My doctrine is not mine, but him that sent me." Amen. If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine. Whether it's be of God, or whether I speak of myself. Amen. He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory, but he that seeketh his glory that sent him. The same is true. Amen. And no unrighteousness is in him. So, I'm going to skip down. And Jesus say, if a man on the Sabbath day receives circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken. Are you angry with me because I made a man every bit on the Sabbath day? Judge not according to appearance, but judge righteous judgment. I'll skip down. Hallelujah. So then said yes to them, yet a little while I'm with you. Then I will go unto him that sent me. You shall seek me. Shall not find me, but where I am, you cannot come. Then the Jews still among themselves say, Whereither will he go that we shall not find him? Will he go among the dispersed among the Gentiles and teach the Gentiles? What manner of sin is this? He shall seek me shall not find me. Tither you cannot come. Then at the last day, the great day of the feast. Hallelujah. Jesus stood and cried. If any man tests, let him come unto me and drink. He that believeth on me, as the scripture had said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. But this spake he of the spirit which did that believe on him should receive. for the Holy Ghost was not yet given because Jesus was not yet glorified. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. So Jesus, William Brham on the future home of the bride made a promise, isn't that right? And tied the seventh Jewish feast of the tabernacle with a promise of the Holy Spirit. Amen. That's why Jesus went at the feast of the tabernacle and said, he praise the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He he come unto if any man thirst let him come unto me and drink. Hallelujah. So the Holy Spirit is for the elected 144,000 Jews as we said. Amen. And the Gentile bride. That prophecy that there's a holy time coming. That prophecy was taken from the Old Testament and connected to the New Testament. God tied the feast of the tabernacle of the Old Testament with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Do you believe that? Amen. Praise God. I'm going to close. I'm about to close. Hallelujah. I want to talk about a ceremony they had for that day. And it's interesting why Jesus could use if any man thirst, let them come to me and drink. This is it. On the eighth day, they take down their boots, the the boots that they were well and so on like that. One of the ceremony was pouring out some water from the pool of Silon. As we come to the end of this feast period to the last festival of God in the calendar year, the Jews, the priests would go down to the pool of Silom in a religious procession with large water jugs. And there at the pool, they would fill the water jugs, walk up the steps leading to the temple mount commemorating the long anticipating promise of Messiah. Nice. And in that day, you will say, "Lord, I will praise you. Though you were angry with me, your anger is turned away and you comfort me. Behold, God is my salvation. I will trust and be not afraid. The Lord is my strength and my salvation. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Praise and become my salvation. The stone which the bill has refused. They were singing these psalms from Psalms 113 to 118. And that blow me out that they were singing the stone the billers refused has become the headstone of the corner. Amen. And they'll be rejoicing as the water is coming out. Isn't that right? As the priests approached the water jugs, the people would start singing the halal psalms. They call them. It is interesting to know that on this day they sang the marvelous hal psalm of praise which concluded with psalms 118:22 and you have become my salvation and the stone which the builders re rejected has become the headstone of the corner. And the people were praising the Lord. They would pour all these water jugs on the pavement reminding them how God miraculous provided water in the wilderness from the rock. So this is what is and the people they said you'll never see rejoicing like that when it's happening because water used to be scarce and they know that water symbolized the pouring of the Holy Ghost. So the people will be rejoicing and rejoicing on the eighth day. Okay, it was I'll just skip over on the last day that day of the feast Jesus stood and cried if any man thirst let him come and drink. Glory. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Praise God. Oh, just give him some praises. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. So Jesus waited for the climax of the whole celebration to make that pronouncement. If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink. Amen. Oh, praise God. Let's just stand and worship the Lord right now. Are you thirsty? Hallelujah. Are you hungering for God? If you are not, I want to invite you to ask God to create in you a hungering and a thirsting for him. Hungering and thirsting for the Holy Spirit. Just worship the Lord right now. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. The 8th day Holy convocation. What is it? Is your appointment of the Holy Ghost bringing you from time into eternity. Amen. You have to need it. You have to want it. You have to hunger for it. The prophet spoke about praise be to Jesus. Oh those that sigh and cry. Seal all those put a mark upon those that sigh and cry. Oh praise be to Jesus. Oh hal something softly. Hallelujah. Praise be to Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Who's thirsting this morning? Hallelujah. Who's hungry this morning? Just for deliverance, just for the Holy Ghost. Just for breakthrough. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise be Jesus. My cup Lord. Hallelujah. I lift it up. of the Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I'll lift it up, Lord. Oh, come and quench the thirsting of my soul. [Music] Bread of heaven me too. I want my fill it up and make me home. [Music] Oh my Heat. Heat. [Music] This is my soul bread of heaven. I [Music] want is my f [Applause] make you love the Lord as let's just worship him as the music plays. Is that your prayer that he fill you? Yes, Lord Jesus. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Lord, we're nothing without you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Jesus. [Music] Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes. Thank you Jesus. Thank you lamb of God. We bless you Lord. We worship you Jesus. Thank you Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. Fill it up and make me whole. I have a longing longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him. Just to be near him, just to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for you. Just lift your hands and sing it. I have a long You long for Jesus today? I have a longing my heart for him. us to be near just to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Let's just sing it one more time. Oh Lord, I have fallen longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for you. [Music] just to be near, just to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. [Music] Yes, Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] You love the Lord today. Let's just give him a hand of praise. [Music] Turner, greet your brother and sister. [Music] Amen. As we get ready for this evening's Tyson offering, let's just sing that song. The move is [Music] on. The move is on, my Lord. The move is on. The move is on, my Lord. on the movie. Oh, I can hear the rustle in the mberry tree on brother. One more move on sister. This is the move. Hallelujah. Move a little closer. Oh, where the streams are blowing. Oh, brother, let's bow our heads. Oh, heavenly father, this evening we bring this the titan offering before you. We pray that you bless it, Lord. Lord, and pray that you would bless those that give and provide for those who are not in a position to give today, Lord, may be used to the furtherance of your gospel. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. The move is on. Oh, the move is on my Lord. The move is on. The move is on my Lord. The move is on. Oh, I can hear the rustle in the Mberry tree. I know. I know. I know. The moon is on. The moon is on, my lord. The move is on. The move is on. My lord, the move is on. I can hear the rustle in the m tree. And I know I know I know I'm moving. You got to move on, brother. Well, move on, sister. This is the movement. Hallelujah. Move a little closer. Oh, where strings are blowing. Move on, brother. Move on. Oh, moving on. My love moves on. The movie is on my Lord. The movie is on. Oh, and I can hear the rustle in the morning. And I know I know I know brother. This is the moving. You got to move a little closer. Oh, where strings are flowing. Oh, brother. Just one more time. Heat. Heat. Oh, I can hear the rustle of the world. And I know I know I know brother [Applause] sister are blowing singing. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Say, I'm so glad that Jesus. Oh, sing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Sing it glory hallelujah. Jesus sent me. I'm on my way to king's land. I'm on my way to king's land. I'm on my way. You cannot let I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Oh, if you won't go, don't harm me. If you don't go, don't h me. If you won't go, don't hinder me. Yeah, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Sing. I'm on my way to I'm on my way. I'm on my way to kingom land. I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Oh, I'm on my way to king of I'm on my way. I'm on my way. I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. The move is on, my love. The move is on. The move is on. My lord, the move is on. Oh, I can hear the rustle in the mberry tree. And I know I know I know. Oh, we've got a move on brother. Oh, sister. This is a moving time. You got to move a little closer. Oh, brother. Blessed be the name of the [Music] [Applause] Lord. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord today. What a message. Really appreciate that. Amen. We just bow our heads as we close in a word of prayer. Oh heavenly father, we deem it such a great privilege to have been here today. What a message, Lord. Lord, what a preparation word, Lord. Lord, what a time that we live in, Lord. I pray that you continue to be with your people. I pray that you continue to guide and to inspire and to bless, Lord. Lord, even as we leave this place, Lord, I pray that you would be with us, Lord, as we go to our homes and various places, I pray that you keep us under the shadow of of your wing, Lord. Lord, I pray that you keep us restored and and and in a revival mode, Lord. Lord, I pray that you help us to stay focused on on the the duty at hand, Lord, which is to make a revival, Lord. Lord, which is to live sanctified lives, Lord. Lord, which is to clean out our houses, Lord. Lord, I pray right now in this place as we leave, you would grant us traveling mercies in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Let's just sing that song as we close. You may have your seats. Oh, singing thank you Jesus for the grace that you have given us. Though I can't repay from my heart, I'd like to say that I Thank [Music] you. Thank you Jesus for the grace.
