################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-04-06 - [PRE-RECORDED] Live Stream - Life Is A Process - Life Is A Process - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2020-04-06
Title:   [PRE-RECORDED] Live Stream - Life Is A Process
Speaker: Life Is A Process
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNsLpuG0vR4
========================================

Well, I woke up this morning. I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord will bring me out. Can I have a witness in the house? I went down on my [Music] knees. I said, "Lord, would you help me, please? I got up on my feet with victory. Victory. Victory. Victory. Victory is mine. I told Satan to get victory. Victory. [Music] Victory. Victory. Oh, victory today is my toll on Satan behind me. Victory. One more time. [Music] Victory. Oh yes. Victory. Victory. [Music] I told Satan give me [Applause] victory. Oh, as I'm journeying as I'm journey through this bar land, I know I am in the master's plan. Do you know that? Oh, I walk by faith each and every day. Cuz I know God will show me the way. Tell somebody is mine. Tell your neighbor is mine. Jo is mine. Oh, I told you to get behind me. Joy today is mine and I will call upon the Lord who is worthy to be praised. I will magnify the Lord who is worthy to be praised for the Lord in it. Blessed be the rock. Let the rock of my salvation be exalted. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. of my salvation. [Music] [Music] Hosana. One more time in front of God. Oh, one more time. In front of [Music] me, blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Amen. Amen. Are you happy? If you're happy, then express it. Let's learn how to grace. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Good morning. If you have your Bibles, I like the three points of scripture. St. John chapter one, St. John 8 and Zechariah 14. Before we read the scriptures, shall we bow heads? Our gracious heavenly father, we come to you this morning one more time in this glorious weekend of meetings. recognizing Lord that you are the king of kings, lord of lords. You are our risen resurrected Lord Jesus Christ. We praise you this morning. We bless your majesty. We glorify your name. We declare you are worthy to be praised. We say great is the Lord worthy to be praised. We praise you this morning. We worship you this morning. We bless your majesty. And we come to you Lord recognizing Lord we are all such a needy people. And in this season of Christmas, we recognize Lord that you come down to take on the body of flesh to live where we live so you might know how to utterly save us to the uttermost. And that's why we are so confident this morning that we can come to you and find present help in every time of trouble because you know exactly how we feel. You know exactly what we are going through. So we thank you father once again this morning for the blessing for the privilege to come to your presence. We thank you Lord that we can come as your beloved children come into the heavenly father. We are so thankful, Father, that we can call ourselves your children, the children of the most high. And so, Father, I would ask one more time today that you'll give us of your blessings. We thank you for this weekend. We thank you for the services. We thank you that you have met the needs of people, but we recognize we recognize there still needs to be met in the house. And so we ask this morning, Father, that you will drop down one more time and minister to every need that's in this building this morning that we can all at the end of this service and at the end of these meetings tonight cry out with one loud voice like first two disciples on the road to Emus. Did not our hearts within us while he speak to us. Please speak to us one more time this morning and tonight. May you speak to us, Lord, a long life's way that we may find strength to press the battle that we recognize. There's still so much land to be possessed. Bless the reading of your word. Bless the preaching of your word. Bless the hearing of your word. Together all of us make one glorious sound. that will lift up your holy name and will join up with the heavenly chorus in Revelation five. So praise and bless the name of the dear lamb of God who came down to take on the body of Christ to die for us. Thank you father. May your Holy Spirit take prereeminence this morning over every spirit over everything and the glory will be yours alone. Thank you father. We'll be careful not just at the end of the service, but as long as you let us pray, we shall be careful to always give you all the praise, all the honor and all the glory for we ask you. We thank you in Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Before you sit down to the right hand, just may God bless you. God bless [Music] you. If you have your Bibles, I already give you the scriptures. Let's read from St. John 1. All right. Uh St. John 1. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. In him was life and the life was the light of men and the light shineth in darkness and the darkness comprehended it not. John chapter 8 verse 12 verse 13. Verse 12. Then spake Jesus again unto them saying I am the light of the world. He that followeth me shall not walk in darkness but shall have the light of life. Finally, Zechariah 14 verse seven and verse eight. But it shall but it shall be one day which shall be known to the Lord, not day and night, but it shall come to pass that at evening time it shall be light. Amen. Amen. I think I just said God bless you. Amen. Amen. Well, we are thankful God to be in Ghana one more time. Amen. Amen. Amen. On behalf of my family, my wife couldn't make it. She um took ill just before we came. She sent her greetings. My daughters are here and our church is here also. Ministers, the chibo and our deacons are here. Some of the believers also and we are glad to be here. Amen. And we thank brother Solomon, precious wife James, the church for the invitation to be here and to put our shoulders to the wheel to help make the revival. Amen. Amen. For the all the churches that are here, we say welcome for the ministers, the ministers, welcome. We're glad you came so that we can so that we can have believers to preach to it's commonly said if there are no believers, there'll be nobody to preach. You know we preachers sometimes say you know if you all leave I still preach but truly if everybody leaves who are you going to preach to Amen. Amen. So we are thankful you did not leave. So to all the pastors and the ministers we thank you for bringing your people Thank you for being here to help. Amen. Amen. And I consider a privilege, blessing, a honor, big shoes that I hope I can fit in to be counted with these great men that have gone ahead of me. And I don't say that lightly. I don't say that for just saying words. I really mean [Music] that. Many times I think of myself said, "No, I can't be a preacher." Um, I get my thoughts all mixed up. But the brothers you have seen those are preachers and that make more sense to the world said that I'm only sowing a seed of men after me that will make more sense to the scriptures. So I salute brother Paul. Brother Paul tries to make me the bishop. I say sure I am the bishop but the bishop petit little bishop but brother Paul is the bishop lr bishop the great bishop he is the big bishop bishop and so the big bishop bishop open up the meetings I missed that service but brother theo told me that that service started off as though it was the final have it. So we shall salute brother Paul. Thank you brother Paul. Is it bishop or grand bishop? Amen. God bless you brother Paul. And then brother Nat from Jehovah to Jesus Christ. a young man going to the scriptures, going to the Old Testament and bringing out the seven of Jehovah and rolling them all up into his human name for redemption in the name of Jesus Christ. For he shall be called Jesus for he shall save his people from their sins. Thank you, brother Nat. I was telling him last night, we all guys can go sit down somewhere on a rocking chair. Same brother Nat, brother Naac, all the young men coming forward. And brother brother N said, "No, no, no. You are going nowhere. So we got to obey." So I obey that. Brother Phil, they said, "No retirement yet, brother. no retirement yet and um so now thank you terrific message and yesterday morning I mean what can I say but brother theo has already been spoken brother theo a warrior a minister of the gospel of Jesus Christ has been a blessing down through the years from his youthfulness. He has been a blessing and brother Theo wherever it is duty calls he will go there. First time we went to Trina that I remember brother John said is this how far it is to come here and we tell brother to come all the time comes all the time and he comes brother will pray two times whatever he needs whatever duty calls brother has been to India two times. He's been there more than two times, but two times he's been in the commission all by himself and took the five services all by himself. Now that's a warrior of the faith Theo. Amen. Amen. And what a blessing it was yesterday morning. The spirit of the living God. open the words of life to you and in the afternoon the youth services the youth service those testimonies. Thank you brothers for letting us understand and know that this gospel works that the seven thunder gospel of Malachi's message really does work. It changes lives. Somebody can step into your life for the person of Jesus Christ and turn it around. And then brother Stefanos came after, what a presence, what a blessing. And how the Holy Ghost sent the word of conviction out the word of grace out. And not just the young people, but we older ones the Caleb who are blessed as brother Stefano spoke the words. And last night last night, the book of the generation of Jesus Christ and you are the continuation of the book of the generation of Jesus Christ. What a blessing. What a revelation. What inspiration, brother Isaac. Amen. Amen. God bless you, Isaac. Amen. Amen. So, you know, there are preachers and there are preachers. And then tonight, the preacher of preachers is calling, brother Raymond Thomson. Raymond Thomson. We love Brother Ray. Raymond. We appreciate brother. Brother Rey was speaking with brother Alfred Davidson last night and he hasn't been in Ghana since 2006 but he's brother Ray we're going to grab all we can tonight. So, brother Ray said while brother Theo was speaking um he said I hope you will show some kindness on me because almost all my notes and brother Isaac last night brother said in other words he's taking everything and he said brother Olu do you remember what I asked you would you be kind on I said I will try. I cannot promise. But he's a kind God. Even when I can't promise to be kind, God is always kind and he'll be kind. By the way, so those are preachers. And I'm going to try to pretend to be a preacher. So just bear with me. I got my notes all scattered. I'm the only one still old school have these loose sheets. And when I see the technology thingology, I had to spend some time in training that brother used to be my teacher, but I fired him. I've taken on Isaac. with more technology knowledge because brother taught me so long and I still have these loose sheets. So maybe if I change my teacher I'm sure Isaac it will be better. God bless you. I hope not belong with you. I will try not to belong with you but my title is um life is a process. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. And I got a subject the light of life. and my inspiration is called out. Now remember friends and don't you ever forget it. Life is a process. Everything about life is a process. Your Christian journey is a process. You're going to work is a process. You're getting married is a process. process. You're coming to this convention. It's a process. Every single day of life is a process. And if you understand the process of life, then you'll have life figured out. You know, brother Benam taught us that when you get to the age of accountability, something happens to you, you begin to get life figured out. Because at that time, God begins to hold you accountable for your sins, for the wrong things you do. But before that time, behold the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world, every sin a child commit, every wrong a child does, the blood of a lamb wipes it out. But when that child It's the age of accountability. Which age is known to God alone? Each person only God knows that because John the Baptist at the age of nine already went into the wilderness. He was already aware of life. He was already conscious of the process of life. Of course, John received the bapt of the Holy Ghost in his mother's womb. When they get to that spot, that age of accountability, life begins to open up to you. Brother Bham explained, he said, "The serpent before the fall was an upright standing animal. The serpent understood the processes of life. That's how the devil Lucifer will use the serpent understood that when you introduce a seed, it can produce life. Understood how life works. So you got to understand that life is a process and when you understand that process that becomes a little easy. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Challenges you have, difficulties you have, pains you have, you can put them into proper because you understand the process of life. The devil will find it harder. to discourage you. Life is a process. Amen. Amen. Life is never about the end result. Too many people, too many of us, Christian, unbeliever, atheist, atheist, male, female, we are so focused on the end result. The end result is great, but you'll never get to the end result unless you have the process set out right. It's never about the end result. Sure, we want to get to the end, but we got to get the process, the journey to that end result. You got to get the journey right that processes the journey that takes you that takes you from here to there from here to that end result that you see and that applies in every area of life. So while we focus on the end result, the outcome, the goal, the target we are looking for, we must make sure we pay particular attention process, the journey that takes you there. Israel was in bondage in Egypt. God called them out and said the promised land I have already given it to you not I am going to give it to you I have already given it to you and because there was a mixed multitude that refused to understand that there's a journey to the promised land you don't come out Are you on the promised land tomorrow? There is a process. There's a journey that takes you there. And in that journey, there may be challenges. In that journey, there may be heartaches. In that journey, there may be pains. But if you will go through the process, you will get to your destination. Is it possible to keep you from your destination if you will follow the process? If you will stick with the process. If you will refuse to give up. If you will refuse to be discouraged, you will get to the end of the road. You will stand to the end of the road and you shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Amen. So in other words, we are looking to go to the end. And there's a journey to take us from here to there. And because many who came out of Egypt did not have their hearts set on the destination, they despised the process. And that's why they cause so much trouble and because of that they were all wiped out in the promised land. I mean in the wilderness you can't get to the destination. If you despise the process, it's not possible. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. In other words, the process is the means to the end. The process is what takes you to the future that you are seeking. The end result that you long for, the process, the journey that takes you there. The process is the now is the present. The destination is the future. And by taking care of the process, you are taking care of the future. You take care of the future. By taking care of the present, if you don't take care of the present, the future you are seeking will not come. Did you hear me? If you don't take care of the present, the future you are seeking will not come. It will remain a dream. It remain a pipe dream. You just be dayd dreaming. So you take care of the future by taking care of the present. That's the process of life. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Many people sacrifice the means sacrifice the process for the sake of the end seated. Amen. Amen. I said many people sacrifice the meat for the sake of the end. They feel once they get the result they're looking for. It doesn't matter how they get there. That's why many young folks all over the world, but in Nigeria in particular, I don't put Nigeria down. I'm a very happy Nigerian. I'm a very proud Nigerian. But the if you're very happy about your country, you speak the truth about it. We Nigerians can be a bit of a handful. Because process in Nigeria is in the picture we sacrifice the process once you get to the end. The young man wants to become rich. There's a process journey before you can become rich. But Nigeria maybe maybe you have them in Ghana too. I don't know. We have them in Nigeria. Amen. Amen. They sacrifice the process. They sacrifice the means of the end. I hope you're following me. What they want is money. But people who make money there's there's how to get there, but they don't want to go through that process. They want to short. You want to take a shortcut. There's no shortcut in life. But they want to take a shortcut. So they go into robbery. They go into 419 and they quickly make money. That's not what we're talking about. Sacrificing the process. I'm sacrificing the means for the sake of the end. Once I get my result, it doesn't matter how I get it. No. Oh, but whatever is not going to work like that in this Christian race. We are looking for adoption, we are looking for the life of Jesus Christ made manifest in our flesh and there's a process to get there and we're not going to jump start it. We're not going to short circuit it. There's no shortcut. No adoption. You are going to go through the process. I understand a prophet. Take us through the process. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And we are going through the process and the price and it's worth his money on a journey. Adoption time. The devil can stop her. The devil is not going to tell her. No shortcuts. There's no shortcut. Even God to buy your redemption did not go through a shortcut. He dropped his robes of majesty town on that first Christmas day while shepherds watch their flocks by night. The very God of heaven come to shepherds like their sheep. The highest of heavens down to lowly speaking shepherds message the greatest message of all time. What is the message? Messiah. The message is here. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so we celebrate Christmas. But don't miss the lesson. So God could not take a shortcut. So coming down and and putting on a body of flesh. And even when he came, he come at a little baby little baby to go through the process into a young man at home, obedient, growing in stature, favor with both God and man. He have those silent years. those 18 silent years where nothing was heard of him but he was going through the process in the process that's where something was going on that's why God will not allow you allow me allow this bride to bypass the process when you bypass the process journey on the road to adoption. You are a loser. But you are no loser. God is not a loser because you get a story. Brother told you that your story was written before the first and that story going to manifest it manifest. And when you manifest that story is going to be seen. The light of life is going to shine through you. The life of Jesus Christ, the spoken word come out through your flesh. There will be light. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. may be seated. Amen. Amen. So life is not so much about the end result. It's more important how you get to the end result. Because if you don't focus on the process, the journey, you'll never get to the end result. You know why? Because the process, the journey takes care of the inner man. The processes, the journey builds you up inside. The process, the process, the journey builds character in you. Be the man in you. Be the woman in you. Be the person in you that's going to be worthy of the promise that's going to be worthy of the end result. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's why that's why people You may be seated. Amen. natural types of spiritual. I'm trying to use natural example so you see what we're talking about. That's why when people win the lottery, they make so much money and suddenly become rich men because they did not go through the process. did not build up the character, the temperament, the discipline, the work ethic, the perspective that you build up on your road to becoming a rich man. So they make the money because of lottery and statistics show that within a year or two or three at the most whether they win $5 million $10 million$2 million they've blown it all blown it all tell you a story from Nigeria you may be seated glory hallelujah Amen. Glory. You may be seated. Nigeria tell her president, I'm a very proud Nigerian. All right. So I say that caveat like the last say up front. I'm a very proud Nigerian. Nigeria, you can just run into money. You can just find some rascal today, become a billionaire tomorrow. This gentleman from some part of the country, you got some some allocation to lift crude oil. And when you lift good oil you run. So this guy this guy he he sold the application paper to somebody and he suddenly ran into money. He was in Abuja. So he went into motors that's brothers. He had money now. He had milliona. So, he bought a Rolls-Royce. He bought a BMW 76M. He bought a Jaguar. And I think he brought a fourth one in six months. He had run out of money. He couldn't even foil the cars. The Jaguar the Rolls-Royce. They were all sitting at home. No money to fill such cars because he not go through the process. God will not allow you to do [Applause] that. Let's bring it down to the spiritual. Adam Adam had greatness thrust upon him. Adam did not go through the process, Amen. Amen. of dying out of discipline and breaking down your human spirit. And he was so to speak an adopted son, a perfect man, an amateur god on the face of the earth. Adam could speak with name and could do whatever he wanted. He was he was on he was in charge of the world. of the earth in the place of his father God. But even Adam he brew it all away because he not go through the process character formation built up from glory to glory glory to glory to glory into the image of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Even though it was a type Adam going after Eve, but if Adam had gone through the process, I believe he would have handled it through a different way because he would have known that this hair cost God so much to give it to us. That's why God said from then on nobody, no seed of God, it's going to come to adoption again. It's going to come to perfection again without going through the process. And so we are here going through the process through the journey. Israel is our type called out of Egypt and the promised land already waiting and the promised land is already waiting. Your story has already been written before the finish of the world. God is the author of your story, but you are the co-author. You are the one that's going to make that story come alive. God's not going to dump that story on you. You are the one. The promised land is there. They have to take the world out of Egypt. Out of Egypt into the promised land. I saw you today. Had to take the world for you. process to make your story a great story, the story of greatness that God from the foundation of the world has made your story. The bride of Jesus Christ has a great story and she will get there. It's your choice whether you are going to be there as part of that bride. Because ultimately really what each one of us is a story that brother Isaac told you last night. Adam did not know he was writing a story. David didn't know he was writing a story. Tama did not know she was writing a story. H um um um what's the name now? Um the harlot. Rahab did not know she was writing a story. Ruth did not know she was writing a story. Neither did Mary, the mother of Jesus, know she was writing a story. But you know now every day of our life is a story that we are reading now. We become written epistles. read of all men. So you know, Amen. Amen. Every day you are writing at every script of your story. What story are you writing? Elohim wrote a beautiful story. Are you going to make Elohim a liar? The devil is a liar. The devil wants to write another story of your life, but he cannot do it. And that's why make sure there's a process to redemption. There's a process to adoption. So you can write your story. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. What a beautiful story you are. Glory. Glory to God. Amen. So we thank God. We thank God to know what each of us really is what we each of us truly becomes is a story and we all writing that story of our lives one day at a time and the process is what takes you through the story writing. Amen. Amen. And it's a beautiful story you have. Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory to you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, our Christian journey, God sent a prophet. We know that. You know that, don't you? Amen. Amen. His son is a mighty prophet. Seated. Be seated. All right. It's okay. The prophet, the prophet Elijah, the prophet William Brandham, the prophet William. Amen. The great Elijah. prophet I always call him Malachi 4 who revealed the entire mystery and in doing that he resurrected Jesus Christ from history the present tense God of redemption you'll see redemption so clear you see the story of redemption so [Applause] You know, God is a great storyteller who could write a story like brother Isaac painted yesterday man who write that kind of a story. It won't even cross the mind. Won't cross your mind either. Won't cross mine neither. Only God will write that kind of a story. The Bible is a book of stories, a story of redemption. And by the time you take your story, my story, every story from Adam, right down to Adam again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. From Eden, right down to Eden. Of our stories will make up this beautiful story of redemption. And we thank God for a prophet that came to reveal this to us that revealed the entire mission of the Bible. And in revealing the entire mission of the Bible, it made the word of God present tense. He brought Jesus Christ from the pages of history in the present tense and told us that if we will do what he said every single day of our life as we go through this process, we also will find Jesus Christ. He's not a god of history. will find out that he is the same yesterday and today and forever. Our primary purpose, in this message, this morning, in this convention tonight is to raise him out of history like they did in the book of Acts. They took Moses and they have been with Jesus. They didn't have to say one word about it. people do questions. We see Jesus people and God sent a prophet with a message that you and I every day of our lives as we go through the process of life will raise him up out of history. Oh hallelujah. This prophet he revealed the entire mission of God for mystery purpose of God. Our God before the foundation of the world had a three-fold mystery to have a bride, a preeminent bride, his pride in whom his preeminence in whom his excellence in that bride glories, his preeminent nature, his majesty will be seen in that bride. Adam, Adam fell and Jesus Christ was the second Adam and we beheld the glory of the preeminences of God. God in preeminences in Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ the second Adam is putting those pre-minences in you by the prophet message of Malachi by the message of redemption not salvation but redemption full total redemption that message will bring Jesus Christ into your flesh light in the end time for the prophet. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Malachi 4. He revealed by his message the way back to the tree of life. He revealed the way back to the garden of Eden. He revealed the way back to eternal life. give you the way back to Jerusalem. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. By his message, all the dynamics to your mechanics reveal the way back to the tree of life by the great mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation. But the mystery of the person being in you and forming in you, the fullness signs and wonders are miraculous by this divinely revealed promises partaker of the divine nature The promises are real because there's a story. They are real and we are going through the process until the promise will be made flesh before our very eyes. Oh, the mystery of the person. Amen. The person is the anointed word. Jesus Christ Malachi 4. The prophet William Brham he revealed this person. his anointed word, Jesus Christ. He revealed him in the days of his ministry. And then the prophet went to be with the Lord. And in recent years, a lot of rascals are raising up to try to try to disprove them. I tell young people, don't even go to find out what they're saying. pornography. Pornography. You don't go to watch pornography on YouTube to know excuse me how to do the act or to know what they're doing. You don't do it. You know that. I will never do that. And all this talk on the internet. Don't do it. Don't even look at it. It will pollute your soul just like just like natural pornography will pollute your soul. Spiritual pornography wars against your soul spiritual. You have your eyes set on the eastern sky. You have your soul, your goal set on eternity. God said a prophet prophets, not these rascals who are not even born. They were not even in the queue yet. Where where children come from, they were not even in the queue yet. When brother Brennan left the scene and they have a lot to say about brother Brennham's life that Satan and Lucifer has happened, all his evil names all into one for you. Thank God. God sent us a prophet, a prophet with a hidden time light. He revealed this person of the word, the anointed Jesus Christ. And then the prophet went to be with the Lord in 1965. God, the mighty God was very in Malachi 4. Now St. John 1:1 in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh among us. Now listen in him was life. Watch the order the word and then out of the word came the life and out of the life came the light. In him was the in him in him was the word. And in the word was life, and it in him was the light of men. And the light shines in darkness, and the darkness can stand it. And Jesus said, he that walks, he that follows me. He have the light of life. Jesus, he was the word. Out of the word came the life. Out of the life came the life. And so when you receive the word, the son of man forgave. It will give you a life and that life will be light turns in darkness and the devils recognizing even X-ray machines. have the light. Let me read from brother maybe. Glory. Glor, brother Brennham of the message the Messiah January 17961. So now we are made up we are made up of light meters. inside of us is cosmic light. Now that cosmic light is an X-ray that's coming is a light that they can take an X-ray with. The X-ray doesn't come from the X-ray light. When you go to take an X-ray, the X-ray machine shines on you. They have gone beyond the extra machine now. But let's take this raised from the extra machine get directed at you to pick up the light in your body. That's what happens when there's a disease. The light in your body gets darkened up and the X-ray machine just picks that up. photograph there's some area there dark layer and he shows there's a disease there that's why when brother was here the light you say there's a light over that person that dark light there that's cancer and he will pray and say that dark light has gone away is white light now hallelujah hallelujah the light of life. Every human being that goes in the world is like there's light inside of us. But as we grow older and death settled in the body, the light in the body darkens, darkens. But for the Christian the spiritual angle when you receive the word out of the world will come the life out of that life will come light in your soul in your natural body there's light in your spiritual body there's light of the world you are the light of the world that follows shall not walk in darkness but shall have the light of life at even time shall be light Malachi 4 and you have received the light gospel and Jesus said if your eye be single the the light in you glorious glorious but if your eye is a double eye If your eye is a double eye, then your light will be darkness. So the light in you that comes from the word is the light of the word which comes from Jesus Christ the word and that life gives you a life. the life of Jesus Christ. And that's why he said at a given time, it shall be light, it shall be light, but at a given time, the path to glory, you will surely find the light of life is the light of the world. When it shines all around you, it pushes back the power of darkness. And that's what we are doing in this convention. We know we got the light of the gospel of Malachi first message. It comes from the pure word that gives the life the life of Jesus Christ and out of that life. The prophet spoke the word that light of the world pushes demons back and as we are speaking the word pushing demons back. shall not walk in darkness. You got to go to church. I don't care how tired you are. Can you go to church? What you want to make sure if you are hearing the word in your church and brother Raymond preach coming to church. You got to go to church. When you go to church, the light of life is hanging around you. You shall not walk in darkness. No devil, your spirit will be able to stand when you have the light of life hanging around you. You may be seated. Glory. I want to follow after my brothers and encourage you. There is no condemnation. You are special. The devil's cheating you because you he lets you use your eyes and you disbelieve what God made you. You are too much for Satan. Between you and Satan, between you and Satan is a mismatch. The devil is no equal. is no equal because you got seniority over Satan. You were there when he was there when he was cast out of heaven. He tried that nonsense before with you. But he could not do it. Kicked him out of heaven because in him is darkness. Our father is the father of light. There's no darkness at all. So darkness in heaven the devil out of heaven. And that's why when you come to church when you hear the word atmosphere around you can do anything. You feel a deliverance. You feel every problem. Feel every disease can be conquered when you are hearing the anointed word in church. Don't you feel that way? You know why? He that walks after me. You shall not walk in darkness. Jesus Christ back darkness from around you. pushing back your darkness. Hallelujah. Glory. But what happens When you leave church, instead of taking the atmosphere with you where the darkness recognizes the light because light always pushes the darkness back. That's why every walk of darkness, you just feel what's wrong with me. I can overcome this sin. I can get this disease out of the way. I can get this challenge solved. But when you go out of church many times, you get right back into that old atmosphere and attack surrounds you again and you start doubting and you can't hold on to your victory because you left the atmosphere and Jesus said, "He that follows me shall not walk in darkness. And so here we are this evening over this weekend. We are destroying every work of darkness. And you shall you shall you shall every one of you, every man, every woman, every boy and girl, you shall not walk in darkness, but you shall have the light of life around you because you are the light of the world. sat on a hill not be healed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So Malachi 4 this light, this glorious light glorious from Amen. from 1946 thereabouts. He wanted to be with the Lord. But this light is coming from the word. From the word from from the word comes the life. From the life comes the light. And this light is the light. This life, this word was made flesh that dwelt among us. That's the life. The word in flesh. That's the life. And out of that life, will come the light. What is the light? The glory as of the only begotten of the father. Let me read you a quote from Malachi 4. Glory. Let me go this here. Now we are made up of light meters instead of us cosmic light. Now that cosmic light is a is a light that they can take an X-ray with. The X-ray doesn't the X-ray doesn't come from the X-ray light. It comes from your own light. Amen. Amen. So the X-ray machine just picks up areas of light and areas of darkness. They see that a disease area that is setting in there. When you look at the when you look at the negative of the X-ray machine, the disease area looks like white area looks like dark. Well, that's the negative. When you translate to the positive, negative. The disease area looks dark and the good area looks white. Cosmic light on the inside of you. The baby is born right. All his organs are perfect and that's white light that baby. You take an X-ray if you can. light but as is set in the darkness comes in. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Watch for swinging to the spiritual. Are you following me? Are you following me? I'm not making it too complicated for you. Amen. All right. And when if that now if that cosmic light say could be pushed to a place to where it's not cosmic light but eternal light that eternal light come from the word comes from the life comes from the light so that eternal light that cosmic light could be pushed to a place where it's not cosmic light but eternal light could dwell supremely when that light is in you. God will dwell supremely in Europe to do our thinking to do I'm reading to do our thinking and you are seeing it to do our walking to do our talking then it's no longer the man. It's God in the man. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. All right. Now let's go down. Eternal life is the light of God that dwells in the man. In the being was the word. As of the word came life, eternal life eternal life. In the light, eternal life is the light of God that dwells in the man. And if he the man will yield to the spirit more that man becomes unman on sinner like becomes more godlike. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And you got the light in you. The light of God in you is a little that comes from the seed comes from the world. In that se is the life that the life of Jesus Christ. And in that sin that life is a light and that light is fixing to go from your soul over your spirit over your flesh and the word of God. The light of God in your flesh. The light of God's word hang in your flesh and all around you will be light and demons will see the light of the glory of God in their presence. How could the demons recognize brother Brandham? How could they recognize Jesus Christ? Paul Peter, James and John those demons there in you is pushing your demons back, those devils. So you'll be scared of no devil, no disease, no pain, no habit, the blood of the world to push those devils away from you. Glory, glory, glory, oh hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Here. Not long ago, they took an extra of a man for a sick man, readers just wrote it up and found a ray of light coming from one of the men. Not all of them, but one of the men's hands. area of light when they put a piece of lead so foil beneath it the man's hand. I guess you ready yourself and they find out there's a ray of light when this man sincerely wondering what they were doing put his hands upon a man earnest prayer. They was putting an X-ray the X-ray down light coming from his hand. God knew what he talked about. When he said, "Lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. The sick is darkness. The light." That's why we have got to wait. When the light of God's word saturates this being, you won't have to pray for the sick, the demons of darkness. Oh, recognize that light and darkness cannot coexist together because the light always pushes the darkness back always pushes the darkness back. No matter how little the light, always pushes the darkness back. Darkness always gives way to light. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Oh, glory. No wonder I said they shall lay hands on the sick and they recover. That's what he was speaking of. I want to see the church press into a place where it can come like God wants it to be. Where does God want you to be? That little light in your soul that has overcome the darkness of your little habits that come the darkness of your secret smoking habit overcome the darkness of your malice, your jealousy, your anger. It was you and me to come to a spot where light was shine through our souls over human spirit and overcome affection memory reasoning imagination. Lights in your flesh and you'll be light all around. When you walk around, you shall have the light of life. Out of your light, you will come life, eternal life, healing light. Oh, hallelujah. Demons will scream in the light. Demons will scream. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Amen. Amen. Glory. Then when God was made flesh, and became the Messiah. Then if he can yield ourselves to be the anointed like he was, we will become Messiahs, little lights. That's what the church is supposed to be, lights, little anointed ones, that's God's church. He that follows me. You shall not walk in darkness. For shall have the light of life. You have the light of life. Don't let the devil tell you anything of life overcome the darkness. And the light shineth in darkness. Darkness comprehends it not. Whatever darkness, light swallows it up. Oh hallelujah. Death has lost. Life has won. Death has lost. Has lost. Darkness has lost. Light has won. The morning has come. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh he's standing light. He's the light of the Messiah. risen Christ in his people, the anointed ones, carrying forth his light, carrying forth his light into all the church ages. Sometimes it almost goes completely out, then it comes back again, God's anointed one, God's messiah church, if messiah means the anointed one and king, and if the church is anointed by the Messiah spirit, He becomes a lesser but still a messiah because he has his because he has his light and that light reflects his power reflects his glory reflect his dominion to his messiah. Oh reflect him in his kingdom in his domain. Oh, gang lady hand of praise. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. All right. Malachi 4. Amen. Amen. God veiled in him. And from him the word of life came out. And out of that word of life came even time light. And we saw that light reflected through Malachi 4 signs, wonders, miracles like it was in the days of the apostles. And that light from Malachi 4 is the evening time light. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It shall be light in the evening time. And the Holy Spirit light in the evening time is the same as the morning light. The morning light that was on the early bread of Pentecost was the Holy Spirit. And that's the same evening light. Malachi 4 manifested manifested through his message and the seven seals and the seven thunders same Holy Spirit seven signs same wonders same miracle and we know we saw it we have witnesses to that event was manifested reflected through the prophet Malachi Therefore was sent with this light. Shine his light around travel the wall seven times. Amen. Walking in the light. Shine all around us day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Malachi 4 went round the wall with this evening time light and out of that light came a life a ministry ministry exactly like the apostles had Jesus had wonders miracles how is he not going to produce the same thing you and I again but what waiting for we've got to go through the process. When you go through your process, you're going to find that same evening light is what has been hiding in your soul on the inside of you. And that evening life will shine all around you. Demons will scream in your presence on the verge of it now. Don't let no devil, don't let no sweet talking devil, don't let nothing in the wall take away from you, oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Malachi 4 was sent with his light to call out a bride to call us out. Amen. Amen. and been called outit by that message is now he was the light and the light was a word and out of the word on the life and out of the life the light that's why this message is so strict on the life you can't just preach it to live the life and not of your life of the word When you are preaching, you the light will come forth. But you've got to have a life. You don't have a do anything together life. The word go through your process will take care of itself. The word is Joseph's seed. Joseph perfection seed inside of you. It will take care of itself. The word which is the life, which is the light will take care of itself. Because Joseph perfection, there's God on the inside of you working his way out. There's no power, no devil, no spirit, no habit that can keep that life bound is impossible to keep you bound. Impossible. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Malachi 4. Shine this light around the world, seven times around the world and call out a bright out of other lovers of God. Call her out from the Corinthians on the left side, from the Hebrews on the right side. Call her out of grace grace legalistic devils devils that write down to Ephesians in the middle of the road. The Corinthians on the left side, Hebrews on the right side, he called her out. Light call her out. And it's not possible for you to walk in darkness when the Christ come on the earth. God send the light of the star to lead them, hallelujah, to the most unlikely place. And while they follow the light, remember you only need light when darkness is around while the sun is shining, you don't need any light. For this light of the message Malachi 4 is especially designed for the dark times when darkness is all around. That's when the star appear to the to the shepherds appear to the wise men and the wise men follow the star while the sun was shining. It was at night time that they needed the star. In the midst of the darkness, the light led them to the little baby in the manger. Malachi first light glorious message has led you thus far in the midst of your darkness. When you are in school, all the drugs, all the coding, all the all the opioids around you in the midst of the darkness, the star, the shining light of the seventh star, the gospel of Malachi, first message you through. What devil can stop you? You are awesome. I said you are awesome. Darkness. Darkness itself is afraid of you. I said darkness itself. [Music] [Applause] Shakes in the midst of the worst darkness that this world has ever seen. The glorious light glorious light of Malachi's message in your soul and that light hangs over you and that light leads you leads you every day to this Christ. What the devil going to stand itself recognizes who you are. Darkness itself is afraid of you. Your father is the father of lights. Hallelujah. And you are little lights or darkness. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Brother, I feel like running through a troop. You are awesome. Tell yourself, "I am awesome. You are more awesome than you think. You are special. You are undefeable. Unbeatable. You are greater than darkness. What meaning this greater than darkness please your presence? Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me show you. Maybe you think it's a fairy tale. The weakest one of you with that little light that light message. Let it get to night time here now. Let it get a night time here and you come in here with a little light, a little candle light. When you bring that candle, before the candle, there was darkness there. That candle separates, the light will go through. You might be a little light, a little light. Darkness pushes back in your presence. Darkness pushes back. Darkness respects you. Darkness is scared of you. Darkness knows his master. Why? Because the light of the world Jesus Christ on the inside you have the light of life inside of you. Oh glory. So you are called out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, and you are placed at the foot of the cross. Glory to God. And so here we are called out by Malachi for message of the seven seals and the seven thunders the entire mystery of the Bible call by the shout message light and have been called out. I want to show you what happens next and then we'll close out. Not that you don't know it. There is light. When you have light, no matter the darkness, when you have light, you have some clarity to walkity. When you have light, you're not going to trip over this speaker. How little the light little light is evening time light in a day when it shall be neither light nor day. When nobody has had light, but at even time, there shall be light. The path to glory we will surely find. And we have found the path to glory. And that light has called us out. Hallelujah. Light. Oh, glory. You may be seated. Glory shall rejoice. First message is the evening light message is a message of light because it comes from the father of light and in it is no darkness at all. There's no craftiness that these guys are trying to attribute to mach that's nothing but Satan. They shall come to their folly their folly will soon be made manifest. But this light is transparent lightarent. This light pushes darkness back. This light calls you out of darkness. And you shall not walk in darkness no more while everybody else is confused. This light brings you out. This same light has called you out. This light don't call you out. Don't leave you. Oh you out. He's going to lead you to the Christ. He's going to lead you to the word made flesh. It's time not the little baby in the manger. It's going to lead you to the Christ word living in your flesh to spoken word in your flesh. And there will be light to lighten the Gentiles around you because Israel, the type of the church, they were called out by the light of the message of the prophet Moses. And when they got to the Red Sea and the rest in front of them fell behind them, Israel was at the start of their journey of their process to the promised land. And they made a problem. And those guys, those mixed multitude who did not understand, there's a process. There's a journey. They started whailing. said perish. Is it because there are no graves in Egypt here? Power of the light. Glory to God. Here come God. He hears every whining. He hears every talk. This glorious light. Here come God. These are those Egyptians. Those devils. They can't touch the light. You are the light. I can lie be afraid of darkness. You are the light. They cannot touch you. Devil can't do a thing to you. So what happened? God brought the pill of fire to separate between them and Egyptians at night time. night time. When there is night time, when the devils walk around, the pill of fire, the light separated between them and every enemy. That's how that light comes on the inside of you stands between you and every danger, every enemy. That light protects you. When you go to work, when you go to school from dangers you don't even see protects your children, protects your parents, pray your husbands, your brothers, your brothers and sisters. That light comes between you and every enemy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That light open up the Red Sea before them. That light will open up every red sea before you. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. You have been called out to be a witness. Call out. You go to the promised land and there's no devil going to stand our way. The light of the gospel for message of the seven seals and the seven thunders Jesus Christ himself the same yesterday, today forever. Burn up every devil. Burn up every opposition. Open up every destroy every amalachite. Glory to God. [Music] Amen. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Shall been called out the clarity of the light. Let's understand what goes on next. You may be seated. Here's the process here. The process to the promised land process here was in every area of life. Amen. First you are called out the message the shout the seven thunders. Amen. Amen. And then as are called out that's where many in the message lose it. They know what's next. Ministers, believers, they know what's next. They come out. They don't know what's next. Adoption. Yes. And the thing what's going to happen is we attack this church. Attack that church. Put down this ministry. Put down that one. Seek all the control we can get. No. When the light of Malachi first message too much clarity on this message here, you are called out. Number one. Number two, the same message that called you out and you are called out in the wilderness. Notice the first thing that happened. They cried out for food drink water. They thought God forgot God. He has it all worked out. So when you are called out, called out of the world, called out of sin, caught out of the denominations, called out from wherever you are called out. The next thing number two, you are nourished, you are fed, you are tutored. Glory to God. A and Kenneth, Amen. Ah, that's slide. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. That's the process. Amen. That's the process. That's the price of your Christian journey. Amen. Amen. You are called out by the word. The seven thunders. Number two, you are nourished. You are going to the promised land. God knows you need food every day. You can have strength for your journey. Your promised land is ahead of you. You are coming out first. And then number two, you are nourished. You are tutored. You are you are child trained by the same word calls you out. There's not another word. The same seven thunder word calls you out here to nourish you. When you come out of the wall, when you get in your churches, when you get under the ministries, your churches, the pastor, the ministry there was to feed you, to nourish you with food, a seven cut menu, food for yourself, to give you strength to walk through the wilderness, to go through the process. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's the process. You are called out. You are nourished every day. Nourished, fed on the word, fed by the word. And we are feasting on the hidden manner underneath the seventh seal. Like our first message is feeding our souls. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. And after that, after that, while you are being fed, the same word that's feeding you gives you a promise for tomorrow. The nourishment is for the present. The promise is for tomorrow. The promise for the future. So you take care of the present so you can end up in the future. You are not going to go to that promised land. Unless you are nourished, unless you are fed, unless you are child trained, so you can build up behavior. So he can build up character. So he can build up the discipline of the man, the woman that's worthy of the promise, that's worthy of standing in the promised land. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Glory to God. So that's the process called out then nourished after nourished while you are being nourished there's a hope to live for you don't just come many in the message just all about Malachi 4 reveal mysteries that's true but Malachi 4 left in those mysteries promise the promise for the bride A promise of adoption. We promise adoption. A promise promise of the dynamics to your mechanics. A promise promise that you are going to manifest and display Jesus Christ in your generation. And that's going to be the even timeline through your flesh. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Say hallelujah somebody. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. So these three steps is what it means to be called out. Israel was called out and while they were called out, God took care of them nourish their souls every day. Angel cake, heavenly manner. And in that heavenly manner with that they looked forward to the promised landm this food to give them strength. for their wilderness journey. They might end up in the promised land. They know they need a food. So take them through the wilderness. All the trials of the way, all the problems on the way, this food, build them up, get them the character to face those problems. And in facing those problems are being built up into the character into the man the woman the girl that will stand in the promised land and they're worthy of the promise. Oh hallelujah hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. So that's what means to be called out and these same three steps. Amen. Amen. Are principles that apply to almost any area of your life. Your home life, your marital life, your school life, your work life, your play life because all of those things must go through the same process. Let me give you an example. Let me give you an example. Amen. In your work life, you get chosen for the job. You go for an interview and they pick you out of so many. You are called out of so many to be the one chosen to do the job. So what's next? I got a job now. Great. If that's your vision on the job, you will lose that job very soon. You will be stagnant. You will not move. But when you come when you come on that job, you look for the nourishment, all the nourishment you need to be able to operate effectively on that job, all the nourishment you need to be able to be the best to be on that job. You look for all the articles, all the trainings you need, internal trainings, external trainings to be able to perform well on your job. You are nourishing yourself to be the best on this job that you can be. That's what Israel was doing. Every day angel cake. Mana came from heaven to nourish them to build them up to mold them into the character of people worthy to continue this match. Not your job. What are you eating for? What are you being nourished on the job for? What are you trying to be good at your job for? Because you have your eyes shut on the future. You want to be promoted to a higher level if possible. You want to be the CEO of the company on the natural job. You are called out. You are nourished. You are tutored. You go through trainings. I have a promise to live for. If you do this job well, you will become a manager. A manager, a vice president, president of the company, president of the company. Let me give you another example. In your marriage, you love that girl. You meet her. You call her out. She agrees to be your wife. She agrees to be your your wife. She's called out. You are called out. What happens next? You nourish the relationship. You nourish the relationship to be the best boy. You can be the best girl in that relationship. What are you looking for? For the marriage. So your marriage will be able to be the best. You don't want to get engaged and you are that nasty boy. You say, "Pastor, I'm not sure I can go on with this. When you get engaged, when you get called out, you are nourishing that relationship. You are taking care of her. She's taking care of you. You can't wait for that marriage date you're living for. When you get married, marriage called out, you are now husband and wife. What do you do? You nourish that relationship. Husband and wife, you have been called out now. You have your home. You are called out as husband and wife. You are nourishing your relationship. You honor her. She honors you. You love and cherish her. She loves and cherishes you. forsaking all others. Forsaking all others, escaping and sticking to you. So long as you both shall live. What are you doing that for? For your promise, you are going to become parents so that your children are born to a home of law into a home of honor. These three steps affect every area of your life. These three steps only represent the process of life. If you get and get to that girl and not even show up, I just want to jump the process and marry her. You can get married. All right, but you won't have the greatest marriage. Once you marry, you cannot show up in the home. You are playing with the boys all the time. They want to get a great home. Do you understand what I'm saying? You get the point right? So you are you are called out, nourished, trained, tutored, children. That's what they promise to live for. So let's bring it down to our Christian world now. And I'm done. I'm closed. Maybe seated. Oh, glory. Glory. So you called out first message called you out and you in church in Ghana, in Nigeria, wherever you are at what is your job in that church? You come to church to be nourished. You come to church to be tutored. Come to church to be child trained. to be trained up into the stature of a perfect man to be trained up in Christian behavior and your behavior sets you up for adoption too many times a day you see Christians in the message it's almost like somebody forgot to tell us that your behavior has a lot to do with it we behave like rascals Once we are message people, we can leave anyhow and it's all right. No, it's not all right. The purpose we come to church for is to be tutored to be nourished, nourished by the word of the pulpit. And that's where the ministers come in. That's where Malachi first message comes in our first message. It's food stored. in the storehouse and the ministry is supposed to study the weak places of their people. Go to the storehouse and nourish their people against those diseases in their lives, those spiritual diseases, feed them with eagle food. Eagle food, nourish them, who strengthen them in the nourishment, training them to the behavior, how to live, how to walk, how to talk, how to comport themselves, how Christians behave themselves at school, at job, on the work, your Christian world, your Christian work, the work of a That's what the missions come for. We know how to behave ourselves, how to conduct ourselves into the image of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let me pass his notes here. I think you get the message. All right. So that's why ministry is so important of the ministry. Amen. Amen. Is God called men who know that they have been they have been placed in God's sheep. purchase of the blood Jesus Christ to feed them not with their own ideas. Feed them with eagle food for storehouse. And then number two, strength them for behavior for Christian living for character formation. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But in there, preach to them the promise of the future, they hope to live for it. And there's no promised land to go to. We just wind up in the promised land just going around and there's a promise to live for. There's a promised land to go to. We are not just hanging around. There's a promise hanging over us. And like Isaac, we are children of promise. And we live by the promises. Like like our father Abraham, he was called out of all of the Caldes. And when he was called out for 25 years, he was nourished. Amen. From El Shadai's best, I am El Shadai. And Abraham was nourished. for 25 years waiting on the promise from Elai's breast. The double- breasted one fed Abraham Abraham. The double breasted one of the Old Testament, the New Testament, the New Testament, the mechanics, the dynamics, Christian on the word of the Old Testament of the New Testament, of the word of the mechanics and the dynamics for 25 years. But also in there, Adam had a promise he was looking forward to, the promise of Isaac. And Isaac was going to come. And because of that nourishment, Abraham stagger not through unbelief. Every day was strong in faith. Give glory to God. Knowing I shall have Isaac. I shall have Isaac. The promise is coming. The promise is coming. It shall not fail. It's not going to fail. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. feel that way. The promise is not going to fail. And here we are waiting on the promise. We are being fed while we wait on the promise. We're not just here. There's a hope we are living for. There is hope. It's not ashamed. Let me close out here. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. So been fed and nourished. You're mature. You grow in grace. Maturing in grace and close fellowship with God with God with God. are getting built up daily into his character into his image into the man or woman boy and girl that's worthy to receive the promise. Amen. Amen. Child train are the seven thunders. The same message that called you out. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Been tutored trained. You are given this promise to live for. The promise gives you a reason to leave gives you something to look forward to every day. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's why when people work on a job that there are no career [Music] prospects trying their best but there's no career path. They soon they get discouraged. Soon their productivity goes down. It puts a promise ahead of you. So we come to church. We read the Bibles. When fellowship with God, the character has been built up into the man and woman that's going to take that promise. The promise will live form. There's a promise ahead of us. And we're trying a promise Isaac was. Because of that promise, we wake up every day. Our promise is coming. Promise is coming. And that promise gives us strength. Gives us gives us the swagger to live. Hallelujah. The promise, the dynamics of your mechanics, the promise like Abraham had in Isaac. Shall your seed be called your seed in blessing. I will bless thee. Keep multiplying. I will multiply the Oh friends, you got to have a promise to live. You got to have a promise to live for. You got to have something ahead of you. To keep hope alive in you. Oh, you've got to have hope, friends. In the coming of the Lord, we are exalted. We are admonished to keep hope alive in the coming of the Lord. First Thessalonians 14, it says, "Sorrow not even as others which have no hope. His promise is a hope of a better tomorrow. His promise is a hope that the dynamics is going to come. His promise is a trust in God that he's going to send the dynamics. and our mechanics. This promise, that promise, amen, is a hope. Amen. Amen. Romans 5:5 and hope make him not ashamed. This promise promise makes us not ashamed. We're not ashamed. I am not ashamed of the son of man. For his words, the son of man promises. The dynamics are coming. The dynamics are coming. I'm not ashamed of it. There's going to be a bride. There's going to be signs, wonders, miracles. I don't care how long it takes coming. You say, "Hope in me." Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. 1 Corinthians 13th, verse 13. Faith, hope, charity. These three are the greatest of these is charity. So this faith hope this hope is not hope. soul. Hope is stronger than faith. Hope this hope is a higher measure of faith. Faith is expectation. But this hope is expectation with pleasure. You are rejoicing. The promise is coming. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, make it not ashamed. What if it doesn't happen? But if it doesn't happen, it's going to happen. But if it doesn't happen, tell them I went down believing God and I'm going to come up again. I have that hope in my soul. That's how they went down. They went down believing the hope of the coming Messiah. Father went down believe in the hope of a dynamics of the bride that Jesus is going to come down and raise up the sleeping saints. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. 1 John 3 verse two. He that have this hope in himself purified himself. There is hope. This hope is ahead of us and is keeping us pure because the same word that's forming character in us that's shaping us into the image of Jesus Christ. This hope is ahead of us. We are going to be like Jesus Christ and he that have this open himself purified himself pure. Hebrews 11. Amen. Amen. Now, present tense. Now, present tense today. Now, faith is the process. Now, faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen, this process. Now, we're being nourished. Now, we have been trained. Now we are being fed from the storehouse. I hope from the dynamics. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. What is hope? Hope is a higher measure of faith. Hope is not hope. So may be so. has one of so many meanings has so many meanings with stronger faith expectation with pleasure is also maybe I don't know but in the Bible hope that make not ashamed is faith plus it's expectation plus pleasure the substance of what you are looking for. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. So hope while you are waiting in between time between your promise given to you nourishment and you taking the promise by hope by expectation. You are looking for it come any time. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Tutored, child trained. The seventh on the faith is according to you. And that faith gives you a hope because that faith also gives you something, a promise to look form, a promise to look forward to, a promise of a better tomorrow, promise that all will be wellm. And thou make not ashamed because it shall come to pass. It shall not fail. Faith is the substance of things hoped for. The expectation of things not seen. Oh friends, I'm finished in all of life. We live by hope. We live by hope in school. You are hoping to go to the next class maybe. So there's a certainty. You just go through the process for your lectures, pass your exams, have a shorty, go to the next class, you go to medical school, you are hoping to become a doctor and go through the process. There's no hope. So maybe it's going to happen. It's going to happen. You are hoping you go through the process. I will come at a doctor. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In all of life, we live by hope and hope. Make not ashamed. I'm not ashamed of the son of man by his words because they shall come to pass. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. hoping, trusting, believing ever in your business. You live by hope of lives and errors. You live by hope. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Without hope in your life, that becomes meaningless. Oh, hallelujah. Hope because the human spirit thrives on hope. If you take hope from the human spirit, The human spirit dies. If you have nothing to live for tomorrow, becomes meaningless. That becomes hopeless. But God leaves us with a promise. A better tomorrow. There will be a dynamic mechanic. If you're not preaching that life becomes meaningless, there's going to be a prize. Don't you ever forget that. There's going to be a prize. I'm going to be better today. Amen. Better tomorrow than I am today. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. But when a people is bereft of hope is deprived of hope. When the spirit dies. When we bereft of hope. When hope is taken away from us. We have no promise to live for for tomorrow. We stop living. We just come to church and becomes just going through the motions. So the deacon won't come to your house. So the pastor won't say you are backsliding. But you just come to church, it loses meaning. So when you come to church, you understand. I want food for my soul today. And now my promise ahead of me. I'm going to be the Christ. Come see me. Simeon, he come into the temple every day. He come into the temple looking to see the Christ. Simeon's testimony was I shall see the Christ. I shall see the Christ. Is that your testimony? I shall see the Christ. I shall be adopted. I shall overcome every devil. I will overcome you. I'm going to live a Christian life. You can have hope. Make another shame. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Without hope, our spirit dies. Without hope, we let down the bars. Without hope, we let down our God. Without hope, we we backslide. Hope keeps us alive. Hope expectation with pleasureless. Hope of a brighter tomorrow. the mayor of the better tomorrow. No matter what the economy says, there's going to be a better tomorrow. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. No matter decision at home, there's no decision at home. There's going to be a better tomorrow. No matter disruption in your husband, with your wife, it's going to be better tomorrow. Whether your son is in drugs or the world, I have hope, expectation. My son is coming back. God is coming back. I have Elohim's promise for them. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hope, expectation of a tomorrow filled with the fulfillment of all the promises of greater victories, of a brighter future. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. And so we have a hope today. Hope that makes them ashamed. We have a hope. Amen. That's fired. If I promise to live for wait to the seven thundersto their voices with that group as a group that can handle the world and the world will turn into the light of life in their souls and their flesh will come the glories of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Malachi 4 said wait the seven thunders open the promise ahead of you putting hope in your soul thunders are going to thunder out. Amen to that bride. And there's going to be a bride who's going to jump out underneath the seventh seal of life. And out of their souls will come the light of life coming from the world of the seven thunders. And you are going to see a bride bride. You're going to see Isaac in this time here. Isaac, it shall be said, in Isaac shall thy seed be called, and thou Isaac Jesus Christ in your flesh. And you are going to have Isaac because you have the seed of Abraham and that seat in you as a promise hanging over it. Genesis 15. That's my contest scripture. I didn't get to read it. Abraham Abraham was told because you have done this thing, you have gone through this process and you have not denied my name, you have kept from me, your son, your only son, therefore I put the promise ahead of you and in blessing I will bless you in multiplying I will multiply Thy seed shall possess every get out of the enemy. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. What is that? The word in your soul. Therefore it became what in your soul and spirit. In the beginning was the word was with God and him spirit became the word and the word made flesh and dwelt among us. And when the spirit anointed that word, that word in him, turn back into spirit again, and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the father. So that word in your soul is spirit. But before I became word, your spirit and now the dynamics to your mechanics is fixing is fixing is fixing to strike that word that word explode back into spirit again. And when that word explode back in the spirit, you are going to see the light. You can touch light only see light. And this light will be a demonstration of the Holy Spirit in your flesh, doing signs and wonders and miracles like Jesus did the early days in the garden of Eden. promised hands over you. Elohim swore with an oath. Abraham and you are Abraham seed and Elohim has sworn over that sitting in promise in blessing. I will bless you in multiplying. I will multiply my seed that sit in you. is going to receive the dynamics are going to be multiplied through faith into virtue. The knowledge, temperance, patience, holiness, holy guidance, and the seed will overshadow you with the light of life and that light will shine around you. the light in the time light holy spirit to bring Jesus back again. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. As you leave this intervention go away from here in a promise over you promise of a blessing in blessing. I will bless you. The blessing of God is over you church. You are the bride of Jesus Christ. And I say today, a new day is here. A new order is here. The blessing of God is over you. The blessing of God shall overtake you shall overhadow you. The blessing of God shall be in your home, on your jobs, in your schools, in your field. The blessing shall form in you. nostalgia. I'm a perfect man of your seed before the son of the highest, the light of the world. Oh, God bless you again. God bless you, Ghana. I'm happy. Now you are here. I'm happy you're still hanging on. Don't give up now. Stay nourished. Stay nourished and hang on to your promise because it's going to come to pass. What is your promise? Your blessing. I will bless you. In multiplying, I will multiply your s and your seed shall possess every gate. Every gate, every sickness, every disease, even the gate of the world of churches, it will overtake it until you're going in the rapture in the sky. God bless you. Hallelujah. God bless you. Shake your neighbor's hand. Keep pressing on. God hands over you in bless you. I will multiply. Glory. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you happy this afternoon? Are you happy this afternoon? Do you feel victorious this afternoon? Amen. Amen. You know that your story has already been written before the foundation of Amen. My story has already been written before the foundation of I'm only acting the script of my story. script story. Hallelujah. Going through the process. Aren't you glad that the Lord? Let me hear you shout. Are you glad that the Lord brought to you victorious? Do you feel victorious? Give him a shout of praise. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, if it had not been for Jesus, tell me, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me. Let's clap our hands. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the love brought me out. Oh, if it had not been for Jesus. Tell me, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me. Put your hands together now. Hallelujah. We've been brought out of darkness into this glorious light. Glorious. Hallelujah. We have a hope to live for. We have a hope to live for. The road be rough. Hallelujah. Are we going to [Music] [Music] press We are pressing. We press all. Hallelujah. [Music] I up. It's time to rejoice. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's time to praise him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Your story has already been written. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Press lily. Press lily. Hallelujah. Go through your process. process. Every day through your process, every day you are coming up with [Music] your [Music] Oh, oh, oh. [Music] [Music] You can jump my heart oh. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are rejoicing. We have seen our names. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Shout hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Shout hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. [Music] Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. Oh, I want to dance. I want to worship you. [Music] Listen to the enemy's camp and I feel back what he stole from took back what he stole from me. Took back what he stole from me. I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. [Applause] [Music] is under our feet. Satan. Satan is under my feet. One more time. We went to the enemy's camp and we took back what he stole from us. We took back. Have you taken it? The enemies took back what is under our feet. Hallelujah. Whatever it is, name it. Stomp on his head. Stomp on stomp. Hallelujah. Give him a shout of pal. [Music] Oh, give him praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. Didn't let the devil win. Hallelujah. You know that Satan lost the battle. He did. Satan lost before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. You know that the devil of the devil of the devil. Hallelujah. He's wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. I know he's wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. He's wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Hallelujah. He's wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. He's wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. He's wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. You believe that? He's wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. He's wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, lift your hands to him. Say you are wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. You know he's wonderful. He's wonderful. He's wonderful. Say he's wonderful. He's wonderful. He's wonderful. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Never. He's wonderful. [Music] Somebody give the Lord praise. Lord, we bless your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen.
