################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-07-14 - The Authority Of The Word In The Bride - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-07-14
Title:   The Authority Of The Word In The Bride - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zwiKyRdWrw
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Let's all stand. Not f. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Oh, they that wait upon the Lord. Oh, shall renew their strength. Oh, they shall rise up with wings as an eagle. Yes, they shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to wait. Oh, one more time. Oh, and they that wait, oh, oh, shall renew their strength. Oh, they shall mount up with wings as eagles. [Music] And they shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me, Lord, to wait. One more time with all your heart. Oh, well, they that wait, oh, upon the Lord, oh, shall renew their strength. Oh, they shall mount up with wings as he goes. And they shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me Lord. Oh, teach me Lord to wait. Oh, let's give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, we head to wait on you this morning, Lord Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, won't you renew our strength while we wait upon you this morning? Wait upon your presence, your power, your spirit this morning. Amen. Do you love him? Praise God. It's good to be in his house this morning. Let's turn to our Bibles. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Psalm chapter 98 for a scripture reading. Praise God. Amen. Psalm chapter 98 from verse one says, "Oh, sing unto the Lord a new song, for he hath done marvelous things. His right hand and his holy arm hath gotten him the victory. The Lord hath made known his salvation. His righteousness hath he openly showed in the h in the sight of the heathen. He hath remembered his mercy and his truth towards the house of Israel. All the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our God. Make a joyful noise unto the Lord. All the earth make a loud noise and rejoice and sing praise. Sing unto the Lord with the harp, with the harp and the voice of a psalm, with trumpets and sound of cornet make a joyful noise before the Lord the King. Let the sea roar and the fullness thereof, the world and they that dwell therein, and let the floods clap their hands. Let the hills be joyful together before the Lord, for he cometh to judge the earth with righteousness. Shall he judge the world and the people with equity? May God and his blessings for the word of God. Let's bow our heads as we pray. Ask God's blessings this morning. Almighty God, we thank you to be in your house this morning, Lord Jesus. There's no other place we'd rather be, Lord, than in your presence, Father. No other thing can satisfy, Lord God. The longing heart and the thirsting soul, oh God, Father, but what we want more is more of you this morning, Lord. So, Father, would you come by here as we sing and enter into this place of worship, Lord? Won't you meet us here, oh God, as we offer our sacrifice this morning? Lord, we pray your presence would come down, Lord Jesus. And Lord, may you anoint us and inspire us, Lord. And we pray that you'll bless your servant, Lord, as he heals himself to be used by you, Lord Jesus. We pray that your presence would come down and minister to our hearts, Lord. Use Lord Father your servant Lord to speak to us in a mighty way as we are in expectation oh God Father Lord for the convention and all that's about to unfold Lord may your anointing and presence be upon your people today Lord may just raise us another round higher Lord and may pour out your spirit today Father we thank you for these things may I have your way in this service today in Jesus's name we pray and ask it. Amen. And amen. Glory to God. Amen. Wonderful. Why don't you just turn on quickly? You could greet your brother, greet your sister. Praise God. Give me a key for I'm pressing on with all that I know. Amen. Praise God. Raise this. I'm pressing on. Oh, and on. Oh, with all that I know. I'm pressing on. Oh, and on. Oh, with all that I know I'm pressing on. Oh, to that city. Oh, and there's a mansion that's prepared for me. Oh, well, I'm pressing on. Oh, and on. Oh, that I know I'm pressing on. Oh, and on. with hall that I know I'm pressing on to that city. Oh well, there's a mansion that's prepared for me. Oh, this morning I'm pressing on. Oh, and all with all that I know I'm pressing on. Oh, and on. Oh, with all that I know I'm pressing on to that city. Oh, when there's a mansion that's prepared for me. Oh, and I feel like going home. Oh, and I feel like going home. Oh, the trials come. on every hand that I feel like going home. Oh, this morning I'm pressing on. Oh, I know. Oh, and I know I'm pressing on. Oh, hallelujah. Well, well, I know I'm pressing on to that city. Oh, and there's a mansion that prepared for me. I'm pressing on. I'm pressing. Oh, come on. Help me say, oh, I'm pressing on. Oh, and on. Oh, it I'm pressing on to Hallelujah. Oh, and a mansion that's prepared for me. Oh, well, and I feel like going home. Oh, yes. I feel I'm going all the time come on every [Music] Oh, one more time. I'm pressing on. Oh, hang on. With all I'm pressing on, hang on. Oh, with all that I know. I'm pressing on to that city. Oh, out there's a mansion that's prepared. Give the Lord a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. I'm pressing on. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Oh, I'm pressing this morning. Pressing on. Oh, to thy city, Lord. And there's a mansion that's prepared for me. Well, and if you put your Oh, trust in Jesus. Oh, everything will be all right. Oh, and he will make your your yoke easy. And he may light if you put well. If you put your oh trust in oh and everything oh we'll be all right. Oh yes Lord and he will make your hallelujah your king. Oh if your b oh and if you put your if you put your oh trust hallelujah everything. Oh, come on somebody. Hallelujah. He will make your your your king and he'll make your bed. Oh, give him praise right now. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, we put our trust in you this morning. Oh, yeah. Well, he will make your your your keep and he'll make your bed line one more time. Well, if you put your Oh, trust in Jesus. Oh, he everything long will be all right. found. He will make your your kisses and he'll make your burdens light. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh this morning. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus be the Lord of all. Yes. Jesus be the Lord of all. Oh Jesus, [Music] be the Lord of all the kingoms of my heart. Oh, let's sing that with every hand lifted. Oh yes, Jesus be the Lord of all. Oh Jesus be the Lord of all. Oh Jesus be the Lord of all the king of my heart. Jesus I surrender. Come on, lift your hand and say, "Jesus I, oh surrender all. Oh Jesus, surrender. Oh Jesus I surrender [Music] all. Oh the king of my heart. Oh just praise him in your own way while the music plays. Oh [Music] Jesus I Jesus I surrender. Oh yeah Jesus. [Music] I surrender all the king my heart. Oh, give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Amen and amen. How many love him this morning? Oh, how many here to worship him? How many here to praise him this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just worship him right now. Praise God. Hallelujah. Give me a l Elohim. Praise God while we worship him. Hallelujah. Oh, how we long to worship you this morning. Oh, how can you see him this morning? Oh, is his throne high and lifted up? His train fills a temple. His glory fills our hearts this morning. Oh, let the redeemed say so this morning. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He is high and lifted up this whole there is none like unto him and all the earth. Let the earth be filled with his glory. Oh let a mountain shake with the swelling thereof. Oh let us never cease to worship him this morning. For in spirit and in truth we are the generation of them that seek thy face. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. We'll see his face forever more. We run to you this morning. Oh, your arms are open wide this morning. We leave everything behind. Seek the Lord your maker. Oh, hallelujah. Clap your hands all ye people. Shout unto God with a voice of triumph. Oh, the God has given you your inheritance. Give him shouts of praise. He is excellent in glory. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. With all your heart. Oh how we long to worship you. Oh Lord we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what the situation, we will lift up all the hands. [Music] Hello heaven. Oh yes Lord. I will ship you. Oh, oh, how we long to worship you. One more time. Lord, we come. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the search oo no matter what the situation oh you will lift up the Hey, [Applause] [Music] oh how we long to worship you. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, how we long to share. Oh, one more time. Oh, sing it loud. Oh, hello. Oh, how we long to worship you. Oh, hello. [Applause] [Music] How we long to worship? Oh, give the Lord praises right now with joy heart. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, bless your name, Lord. Oh, glory, glory to the lamb. Oh. Oh, you are the only one, Jesus. Oh, we give our hearts to you tonight. Oh, we need a revival. We want a revival. Oh, mighty God. Hallelujah. Oh, may he explode in this place with fire, with anointing upon you today. Oh, glory. Oh, how we long to worship. One more time. Oh, hell. Hello. [Applause] And we all [Music] we long to worship you. Oh. Oh. We know how. [Music] Glory Jesus. Lord, we come to you. Lord, we come to you in worship. [Applause] No matter what the sun comes down, no matter what the situation, he will lift up all [Music] the [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I belong to worship you. [Applause] Hello heaven. How we long to worship you. how we long to worship you. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads. Father, we praise you and we bless you and we thank you for this beautiful day. I pray coming in a special way and speak to our hearts how we need you and we need to hear from you. We come to lay ourselves upon your brass altar that you would cleanse us and purchase and purify us and make us right and accept this sacrifice in your sight. Father, that you would send that consuming fire of the Holy Ghost. Father God, send out your spirit this morning and confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name. Amen and amen and amen. Praise God. Praise God. What an atmosphere. What an atmosphere. What an atmosphere. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. We're going to turn our Bibles to Matthew chapter 8. We're going to read from verse 5-13. Hebrews 4 verse 1 verse verse 12. God bless you and welcome to our Sunday morning service. I pray that God be with your hearts this morning. You know the Bible talk about the word was preached to so many of them but many didn't allow that word to be mixed with faith. So I trust in that you allow that word to sink in today. Reading from Matthew chapter 8 want to read verse 5. Now when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a centurion beseeching him, saying, Lord, my servant lith at home sick of the paly, grievously tormented. And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him. The centurion answered and said,"Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof, but speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed." For I am a man under authority, having soldiers under me. And I say to this man, "Go," and he goeth. I say another, "Come," and he cometh. Unto my servant, do this, and he doeth it. When Jesus heard it, he marveled, said unto them that followed, verily I say unto you, I have not found so great faith, know not in Israel. And I say unto you, that many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham and Isaac and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven. But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness. They shall be weeping and nashing of teeth. And Jesus said unto the centurion, "Go thy way, as thou hast believed, so it be it done unto thee." And the servant was healed in the self-same hour. Our last scripture is from Hebrews 4 verse 12. For the word is of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit and of joints and marrows and in the discern of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for this time and what a battle to get to this spot, but we are here. We pray the angel will come forward and be with us in Jesus name I ask. Amen. You may be seated. Oh, praise the Lord. G. Oh, it's good to be in the house of God. And more importantly, it's good to be in his presence. Amen. By by now, you you must have heard about the attempted assassination of the former president of America, Donald Trump. And um I know that uh a lot of trauma and drama is about to begin. This is a critical year for the entire world. I believe a huge change is coming and it means a huge dynamic change even for this bride of Jesus Christ. You know sometimes they take years to get the wheels turning but once the wheels get to turning that's it. When God's appointed time come, God's appointed time come. So, we going to see how things unfold. The Bible speaks about the head of gold and and right onto the feet of iron and clay. And and that last kingdom was worse than the others. This is the kingdom we're in right now. And I think I said it before that the devil, he's not omnipotent or omniscient. So he was waiting for this great technological age where they could have all these technologies to spy and to privacy and everything else to know all things by information and we attachment to that of artificial intelligence it makes it even much more dangerous but we are living in that time and we have to begin to grasp and accept the time that we're in. And I'm trying to hint to you and encourage you that what you're going through now is nothing. You can't even compare it to what is to come. There's a dreadful time coming ahead. A glorious time for the bride. But the bride will be a hunted, persecuted group. Years ago, I couldn't preach that. I couldn't say that because I didn't think the people was ready fed. But now you're ready for it because the spirits to hunt and kill and destroy is already on the earth. The man who pulled that bullet 20 years old. So the spirit could get whoever he want to get to do stuff. Amen. So this morning uh where do I start? How do I start? But the punch maybe somebody could come and help me. But we have to start somewhere, right? All right. So the word is God. Black man there. Can you see about black man? Praise the Lord. The word is God and the word is Jesus a person. The written word is God in print. Brother Brandon, I believe that this Bible, this word right here, the Bible is God in print form. I believe that the Bible is a seed and those those words are seeds. Jesus said the sewing for to sew and this is it. The word of God is a seed. Jesus said it was. Then if it is God in print form and you receive it into your heart. Here we go. And then the Holy Spirit waters that seed, it will bring forth what it promised. Any kind of a seed you sow, it will bring forth that kind of a crop. God and his word is the self-same thing. So the person of Jesus and the word of Jesus which is the scriptures is the self-same thing. It is God in print form. You are no more than your word. God is no more than his word. So Jesus is the word as a person. This is this is something I I put put on here. Jesus is the word, the same written word as a person or the word made flesh or the personification of the word. You cannot say you're connected to Jesus and you're not connected to this word. I love Jesus. I love Jesus. But yeah, I love the word. Something wrong because the word and Jesus is the same thing. That's how people could live any kind of life and you know what I mean? and it has nothing to do with the word but the word is God. If you ever want to know what God thinks about a matter just read the word and that word is God. God make a a mistake. God God can't have been errors. Many are deceived into thinking they love Jesus but they have no love for the word. It does not work that way. You cannot claim to know the person of Christ and deny the word and this word is not dead. This word is alive. That's why I read Hebrews 4:12. In the amplified, it says, "For the word that God speaks is alive and full of power, making it active, operative, energizing, and effective. It is sharper than a two-edged sword. That's the word. And when you talk about putting the whole armor of God, you have the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. Hallelujah. So to be properly empowered, you have to have the word as a sword. You have to have the word as the spirit. You have to have the word that is energizing. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. That is effective. That is operative, that is active. This word is not dead. This word have more power than you think. Glory. Right now, you're under the word because the word is what we are preaching. You can be healed under this anointing. You can be delivered under this anointing. You can be free under this anointing. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. [Applause] So let's say again from amplified for the word of God that speaks is alive full of power making it active operative energizing effective. It is sharper than a two-edged sword penetrating to devising line of the breath of life, soul, and the immortal spirit of joints and marrow of the deepest parts of our nature, exposing and sifting and analyzing and judging the very thoughts and purpose of the heart. So when you watch the word, the word is watching you. Oh, give the Lord some praises. When you watch the word, the word is watching you because the word goes beyond the thoughts, beyond the bone and marrow. So don't you think you get away from that word or give the Lord some praises. Give the Lord a shout in the house. The word that you're hearing, the word that you're reading, watching you, discerning you, checking you out, [Music] [Applause] the word. So somebody could be connected to the scriptures but not to the person of Christ. That's like theologians and people going to Bible studies and whatnot. They know Bible but they don't know him. They could debate text and scripture and Greek and Hebrew but they don't know him. So the prophet said you have to know the author. Not just the book but you know the person who wrote the book because the author is who already knows the book. Oh give the Lord a shout in the house what this mean and what that mean and what that mean is have an author behind what's written. To write it have to have an intelligence a mind author a person behind what is written. And this book was written by God through the mouth of his prophets. And man shall live by bread alone, but every word that proceed out of the mouth of God. No, I know I haven't given my title yet. I'm coming to that. Don't worry. Don't think I forget. I ain't forget. The title I have this morning is the authority of the word in the brain. the authority of the word in the brine. And we're going to preach some things this morning, not for you to hear and slip over your head, but for you to believe and accept. If you don't believe and accept it, it would not be effective to you. This is only for people who believe in what we are saying and going to accept it. Jesus. Yes. Come in. Come now. Just as a theologian could have texts, scriptures, Greek and and all kind of analysis and whatnot, and he don't know who Jesus is. A man could preach the word and speak words, but it's more than just speaking words. Is what kind of vessel? Speaking the word. If the word is coming through a defiled vessel, then that word is not a proof of God. Amen. And just as water coming through a pipe that is rusty or or it taints the water because of the channel that is coming through. So that is why they have so much false prophets now and false teachers now and they have huge massive churches because people following stuff. The Bible speaks about people following teachers having itching ears. what they're hearing of the word is not good enough. They want some something to stimulate their head or the ears and they they go for these teachers and these teachers going for it too. The Bible speaks about they are deceived and while they deceiving others it's a powerful scripture. You know the ministers themselves are deceived while they're deceiving others. So it's a deceiving spirit in operation. Amen. God doesn't come in cunning. God doesn't come in craft. God comes in wisdom, in knowledge and understanding. God will work on hand. God will shush you and talk behind somebody's back. The word of God is sharp. It is powerful. It is discerning. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. So we are talking about not just a gift of preaching or a gift of teaching. There are many men that are gifted but we are talking about the channel that brings the word. That's why a lot of ministers who get messed up and fall along the side. They still want to come back in the pulpit because they have a gift and the mouth deep and growly but they have no life and the channel are defiled but they still want to handle the word but the word is God. Oh give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Praise God. Sorry you didn't send us in the back. 1 Thessalonians 2:13 says, this is Paul. For this cause also, thank we God without ceasing. Because when you receive the word of God, which he heard of us, you receive it not as the word of men, Amen. But as it is in truth, the word of God which effectively workketh also in you that believe. Amen. Now hear this in the amplified. Paul speaks. Hallelujah. And we also especially thank God continually for this that when you receive the message of God which you heard from us, you welcome it not as the word of mere men, but as it truly is the word of God, which is effectually at work in you who believe, exercising its superhuman power in those who adhere to and trust in and rely on it. When you begin to conscious of the power of this word, you wouldn't take it lightly because this word have power in it. Note when Jesus was led by the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted, he didn't use any power. What did Jesus use? It is written. It is written. Amen. It is also written and that was in your power to back the devil up. Oh, give the Lord a shout. The devil telling you things, but you giving back the word. You know what? You can't move me. I can't hear from God, but the devil are moving me. God is not speaking to me, but the devil can't move me. I ain't feeling anything, but the devil can't move me. Oh, God. This one said this, this one said that, but the devil are moving me. God called me. Before I had wife, God called me. Before I had my children giving trouble, God called me. Before that, okay, the Lord I show the devil moving me. Husband or no husband, children, wife on a wife, job or no job, money on no money. Upon this rock, I'll build my church, an anchor point. Oh, give the Lord some praises. The word works effectively depends upon how that word is received. First Peter 1 want to read 22 to 23. This is a backdrop of what we're going to go through. Peter speaks, "Seeing you have purified," First Peter 1 22, "Seeing you have purified your souls." Here, here we go. Into obeying the truth, through the spirit, not hearing, but obeying. Amen. unto unfake love of the brethren. See that you love one another with a pure heart fervently, being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever. So the real born again starts with the word. Jesus said it this way. You must be born again of the water and spirit. In other words, the seed and the rain. Not just spirit, but the word. Listen to me. Amplifies. 1 Peter 1:22. Since by your obedience to the truth through the Holy Spirit, you have purified your hearts. So your heart becomes purified by obedience to truth. Amen. You know my wife keep asking me how do we get people to change their minds that's a tough one because their mind is you I was telling her how we came from Kaiwa come from the bush wooden church outside house water from the well and different things like that and to come to here it's almost a revolutionary change of mind to think and get our mind to do things in the spirit of excellence because this is what we do here. This is how we feel about ourselves. We do things in the spirit of excellence and it's not as if we had somebody to look to or get from. Amen. We felt we did it and had to do it because we couldn't see anything like what we see what we wanted what God put in our hearts. So we had to move and change the bush thinking or country thinking to think here we made three steps. First we went in s cinema then we went in shines building and we came here and get this land and we were downstairs and everything else and step by step all the time or whatn not visioning and whatnot. So what I'm saying is this if we had the same mindset as in the country and we came here we couldn't manage this here with that same mindset we had to change our minds. Are you with me now? Amen. So since by your obedience to the truth, you have purified your hearts for the sincere affection of the brethren. See that you love one another fervently with a pure heart. You have been regenerated born again, not from mortal origin, seed, sperm, but from one that is immortal by ever living the lasting word of God. So your birth can't be from your mother. Your birth has to be from God. And the bird starts with you receiving his word willingly and inwardly, not outwardly and formally. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. When you could receive the word willingly and inwardly, not outwardly and formally, that's make a huge difference. Oh, give the Lord a praise because that was differentiate bride material from church material. Church do formally. and outwardly. But the bride will move inwardly. Oh, glory. And willingly. Oh, glory to God. You want God. You want a reality. You want the word. You want this word to become flesh in you. Every day I pray that prayer almost. I want this word to become flesh. When you read the word and you see me, you see the same thing. Oh, give the Lord some praises. That makes the word active. Makes the word alive. Brother Brandon, he's doing amentment here. He said, "You're a thin lady and tired, night sweats. No one has to tell you what it is. You know that the doctor can't do it." And that's the first disease that Jesus cured. You believe that, don't you? Why TB? So, she had tubiculosis. TB is no more to him. He can just make you well in a moment. Do you believe it? Come forward. Listen to his prayer. He said, "Almighty God, the omnipotent God, omniscient, the resurrected Lord Jesus, this poor little woman standing here dying. Lord, Satan has did this evil and she is trying. I take charge over him through the authority of the Bible and through God's eternal word. I condemn Satan in Jesus' name. turn the woman loose and may she go and be made well. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Do you see what he did there? He took the authority. Oh, glory to God of the Bible and through God's eternal word. I condemn Satan in Jesus name. Turn the woman loose and may she go and be made well. Oh, hallelujah. Blessed. Give him some praises. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] No. The enemy will always propose his system and unbelief will accept it because the enemy is the intellectual sign. Now remember there's only two. Don't forget this. There are only two powers. Not four, not five, not 10, not 20. It's just two powers. And you are being influenced by one of them. Do you believe that? It have no neutral power, you know. Nothing nothing influencing me. But and you're behaving bad and you're behaving rude and you're behaving contrary. Wife can't talk to you, husband can't talk to you. Nobody could talk to you. And you have a frog face. Who inspire with a frog face is the Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit have peace and joy and love and everything else. You know, you know how much problem it take to to have a frown face. You you smiling sometime does lift other people's spirits. Some people looking for a good smile, healthy smile. Okay, let's go. There are only two powers. One is spiritual power of the Holy Spirit. The other one is the devil working through intellectual power. For that is where he entered in the garden of Eden through intellectual powers to make Eve believe in a intellectual conception against the word. That's why anybody try to get you off the word. You know that he's the devil. Amen. I'm talking about the written word or the spoken word or the original and see what God said. I don't care how much big the church is. If there's bishop, ask bishop, they could be the pope, it doesn't matter. Anybody of the word that's the enemy because the word is God. [Music] [Applause] To show you what we talking about in the Garden of Eden, Eve wasn't there yet. God put Adam as a spirit. Bible said there's no man to till the soil. Take this spirit man and throw him in the dust man and man became a living soul. So here's Adam now with five senses and he could till spirit man can't dig no fork and use no hoe and till no soil and plant no peas and plant no corn. You need a physical man for that. So God form man in the dust of the earth and take the spirit man throw him inside of that man and man could work. Now when God saw Adam was lazy for you lazy inside are here then he introduced the woman to him and say he working he have my word now he could get a wife. Satan saw the opportunity when he saw Eve because Satan never approached Adam. He wait till Adam gone to work to infiltrate his home and talked to Eve and he tell Eve you shall not surely die because and he had a because with it was he because trouble because means that you're given an explanation why not to obey God why not to stay under the covenant of God because God don't know the day you eat you go be wise you'll be just like God she ears get tickled she wanted to find out what going on and afterwards we fell Yes. Lost the inheritance, lost the authority, lost the power, lost the right. I preaching this so simple that a child can understand what I'm talking about. Hallelujah. This man that God put in the Garden of Eden, lost the authority, lost the power, lost inheritance, lost the book. Lost the deed. How could we come back in a position of power and authority? How could we? Let's skip this. All right, let's close that off. Just two powers, right? All right, let's go. Now, when Jesus cursed the fig tree, Peter brought it to the remembrance. Hey, look next day. It withered away. So, one day Jesus cursed it next day to see fig tree. And Jesus said, "Verily, I say unto you, if you shall say to this mountain, be thou removed, and cast into the sea, but not doubt in your heart, but shall believe that those things which he see shall come to pass. He shall have whatever he seeth." He's talking about you speaking now. He's talking about what he did, you could do. He's telling them that to their face. Not only I could do this, but you can too. But you have to believe in your heart what you say. You have to believe what you say. I want to say it again. You have to believe what you say. I can't say it. You have to say it. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Oh, glory to God. Do you get that? He is saying I can't say it for you, but you have to believe what you say. You can have what you ask for. So you're saying about have faith in God. We are taught in God's blessed word that faith come by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Now faith is also an experience. Last time we spoke about that too. Amen. That people talk about faith come hearing the word and what right? But faith also is also an experience. He's going deeper. And many times faith is had by a former experience makes faith grow. So you really can't be a dull Christian or a dumb Christian or a kind of donkey like Christian. Heho or like a goat Christian. You have to be active in faith to get God experience that your past experience help it to grow to a new experience. David handled the bear and the lion that give him the faith to deal with Goliath. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. God can't lose Goliath and you and you handle a mouse in the house. The mouse come in and you run out in your own house. But it's true. So I want you to understand what you are facing. God want you to deal with it. Amen. We read God give the guarantee and the assurance he will never allow you or not allow you to be tempted above what you can bear. [Music] So when the testing come, the temptation come, the trial comes, God know you can handle it. Hold yourself steady. Say it. I shall not be moved. Say tell the devil, "No devil, not this time. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Many times faith is had by a former experience makes faith grow. Faith being the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. So many people fail to find the real meaning of what faith is. Some people believe that faith is some sensation or some emotion. But the Bible said that faith is the substance of things hoped for. Some things that is a mental conception of the word. That is not right. Faith is a substance. Like how I have this scripture in my hand and I could feel it. Faith is actually a substance. A real thing. He said faith is not a myth. That's right. Fear is a substance. And I know it. Hallelujah. It's real. I was telling my daughter-in-law. I said, "When I see it, I have it." That's how I I'm built. I have to see it first. I remember when water was coming out in front there and one day I just get like that and let's walk straight across here and look over. I said, "But we could get a camera straight down this way." And right there was the gentleman who owned the property there. I said, "Could we allow us to?" He say, "Sure." That's how we get a diver in there. Thinking about uh the cry room where we have cry room. One day I walk out there watch side the building there. Watch and I see it. I said we get it right then and we have it now. That's faith. I believe it and we can have it. Oh, glory to God. faith. Sometimes difficult challenges come and I I'm seeing solutions. I'm seeing opportunities. I'm seeing how the way going to be made. I don't drop my God because this happened and that happened and that negative. No, I press past that. That's the only way we could get it done. We have to get it done. Not no if, not no but. We are warriors, not warriors. Warriors of the faith. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Worrying about your problem can't help your problem. Worrying about your problem can't solve your problem. You have to fight. Oh, glory to God. You can't fight in the carnal realm. You have to fight in the realm of the spirit. You have to fight in the realm of faith. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. [Applause] Let's go. Faith is the substance of things hoped for. To have an evidence, it must be a substance. You have evidence for the court and what must be real. Man was smoking marijuana. Where the rat eating marijuana hear the rat eat all the marijuana. There no evidence that didn't miss the case. You must have they say rat cooking too. Don't know what it is. All the cooking gone police selling cooking selling marijuana. What they said the rat the evidence dismiss the case. It is the evidence of what you hope for. It is the evidence of things you do not have yet. So when God revealed to Abraham about Isaac, Isaac had it. Not Sarah. Isaac had it in his heart. Isaac knew. Abraham knew Isaac was coming because it was a faith seed inside his heart. Oh, glory to God. And when God told Abraham to offer up Isaac, it was easy for him to say, "We going up and we going back down." Because you know if you had a killer go raise him from the dead. So it's not a problem we see. Oh gosh my 12y old son. Oh God no no no you know some some of us when when God bring the test but not are you sure it's you voice of God tell me over Abraham didn't go in that mode you know we going that kind of mode you know you know pray for me in a fight. Where is he fight? God tell you no fight. You just have to do what God say do. But you don't want your flesh get singed. You don't want to get your heart arrested. So you are sticking with your old. You're sticking with your problem. You're sticking with this. And God want to you to offer it up because God have a ram already caught in the ticket there. You can stay down here and get that ram. You to go up there, put the boy on the altar. Come down with a knife. Then you will see the ram. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You don't have to hunt the ram. You don't have to lash through the ram and pull the ram. It's already tied up already. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. God has provided for himself a sacrifice. Oh, give the Lord some praises, friends. I want to stir your faith up this morning. I want to light you up this morning. I want to put some gasoline on you and scratch the match and light you up this morning. Oh, glory to God. When you leave here, it might be oozing out of you. Faith in your mouth, faith in your eyes, faith in your ears, faith in your feet, faith in your hands. Well, give the Lord a shout in the house. Glory to God. Your living, moving faith member. [Applause] It's not something that you kindly push yourself to. I've noticed so many in my meetings, people try to work themselves up into something to make themselves believe you can't do that. You're just beat in the air. Faith is something here we go. That's just as calm and subtle as it can be. You want to know? It is taking God at his word and having the assurance in your heart that God is able to keep what he has said and he would do and will perform everything that he said he would do. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. I've noticed many times people think they must be prayed for. We should pray for each other and the hands, some evangelist's hands must be ministered that bring contact. But real unadulterated faith is taking God at his word. That's the main thing. One time some Apache Indian was in a wheelchair and she had a got a prayer cloth from the prophet. She put the prayer cloth on her legs and say, "Satan, get out of there, you crippled spirit." and she walk out the way. That woman believe another woman come up on the platform with crutches and she was watching everybody coming through and whatnot. And when she reached up, she hand him the crutches and walked back out. No prayer. That is faith. She see enough to ask for prayer. Her faith was so high she didn't need to pray. She just hand him the crutches and keep on walking. Oh, won't you hand your crutches here this morning? Where you what propping you up? Give the Lord a shout in your house. Don't let all kind of stuff prop you up. Hand your crutches and walk out of here whole. Walk out of here healed. Walk out of here delivered. Oh, praise God. Let's go. In the meeting, my meetings I has never been a my meeting has never been to a place where I have tried to make the people think that there was something that God has given me a little special towards healing someone. That's an error. God has given no one any powers to heal someone. Healing comes alone by faith and faith in a work that already been done. Yes, a finished work that Christ did at Calvary. He says, "If it is so much like this, if I was starving for food and one loaf of bread would save my life and you pass by in the country, you see me starving. You say, "But Brana, are you hungry?" I said, "I will die shortly if I do not have some bread." And you reach in your pocket and give me 25 cents. You say, "But a Brandon, this is the purchasing power of the loaf of bread. You're sick. Your belly holding your belly, but you have the coin. You need to get to the bakery. Once they get to the bakery, you get the bread. So the 25 cents is the purchasing power, which is the fate. The 25 cents is the substance of what how you're going to get the bread. 25 cents represent a ticket that will give you the bus ride. You have to have that 25 cents. And that is what that word come to do to turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers. That's why in a prophet that we could get the power now, we get the authority now to make further claims because you have to have faith to handle this book that Adam lost. Oh, praise God. Romans 5:17. This is a great scripture here. Romans 5:17. For if by one's man offense, debt reign by one. Talking about Adam. Much more they which receive abundance of grace. Talking about us now. Abundance of not just grace. Abundance and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one Jesus Christ. In the amplified, this same scripture says, "For if because of one man's trespass, lapse or offense, death reign through that one, much more surely will those who receive God's overflowing grace, unmmerited favor, and the free gift of righteousness, putting them into right standing with himself, reign as kings in life through the one man Jesus Christ the Messiah the anointed one God want us to reign as shout out shout outings he has made us kings and priests and we shall reign on the earth that's not just to come you know that's all now I know I didn't expect anybody to shout on that one or say amen on that one but it's still the truth and the truth people going to set you free. We shall reign on the earth. Reign is to conquer, to rule, to dominate, to overcome, to have victory over, to have power over, to have dominion over. We going to reign on the earth. Reign over your feelings. Reign over your fears. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Reign over that devil that's troubling you. You're going to reign on the earth. Reign in your own home. Reign in your territory. Reign in the grounds that God has given you. Give the Lord a shout in the house. We have been striking this thing about righteousness through faith and what God sees as righteousness. It's not we are righteous. The Bible said there are nonrighteous not one. So it's not all righteousness. It's his righteousness upon us through the abundance of grace. You can't work for that. Grace is the gift of God. Oh give the Lord some praises. Do you have grace? He g release abundance grace to you. He could have killed you a long time ago, but to you, he released abundant. Say, shout it abundance grace. Abundant grace. That's what he released to you that you could acquire his righteousness. 2 Corinthians 5:21 says, "For he had made him," talking about Jesus, "to be sin for us who knew no sin, that we might be made the righteousness of God in him." Did you get that? Let's say that slowly. For he Jesus had made him for he God had made him to be sin for us who knew no sin that we might be made righteousness of God in him. The amplified of 2 Corinthians 5:21 says, "For our sake, he made Christ virtually to be sin who knew no sin. So that in and through him we might become endued with, viewed as being an example of righteousness of God, what we ought to be approved and acceptable in right relationship with him by his goodness." Oh, give the Lord some praises. You ready with me now? So we want to talk a little bit about Joseph. And Joseph is a good example of when your life is destined to power and authority and how where God pass you through. Good example. He was sold by his brothers but he was not ready to assume power and authority. Are you with me now? Amen. When he was in Pisva's house and he's thinking back, he could have had harbor a lot of resentment for his brothers. It's normal. Your brothers treat you real badly and terribly. They sell you out. And Joseph had was to grow all pass of that. All pass of if I only see them now, I'll get revenge. I go take revenge. Angry, upset, you know, people talk, I'll hit back. But all of that revenge or anger or whatever he might be going through that proved he was not ready because you can't be ready and you have a grudges. You can't be ready and you can't talk to this one and nobody can talk to you and your same old self stinking rotten self you was 30 years ago. You're still so now and everybody seeing no change. people looking and seeing no change. You're supposed to feel ashamed now. I feel sorry for you. Now, you know, I hope you feel ashamed because see, nobody could change but you. You have to want to change. Because you could be you and stay you as you without any change. And you have to start to change by the renewing of your mind, by changing your thoughts. And if you change your thoughts, you change the words that come out your mouth. Oh, give the Lord a shout. They stop your gossiping, old talking, just saying things negative, saying where will come to your mind and you have no lit for your mouth. You'll cut that crap out and you would speak what God want you to speak. Oh, give the Lord some praises. You would say what the spirit want you to say. Hallelujah. You would zip up. Peter thought he was doing a great job when he jo not not so that same Peter draw sword he deny Christ said nice you know the outward action the outward drama you're defending the Lord and what a drama you know when Peter say Jesus going and die and get licks he say are you not in Yeah, that's a different thing. I believe I'm I'm a disciple, but you see that I don't know him at all. I never saw that man. He didn't have three times. He didn't have power internally. He didn't have resident power. He didn't have the attian well inside of him yet. So therefore, if wife, we know her, drama queen, and Joseph runs straight out from her. Now he's in prison wrongfully accused but he know he's promised to come into a position of power and authority but the time is not yet. He interpret butter butler dream, bake a dream. He see the butler going to be restored. He say when you get up there remember me. But when the man going up there forget wicked man I tell him his b and thing. Look at the man. Wicked man. Send a letter for him. Wickedness. Send a text in a WhatsApp. Not Joseph. You see it wasn't about the man. It's about God. Joseph wasn't ready yet. Because when Joseph is ready, God could be ready. You were ready yet. Glory to God. God want you to get ready. His wife have made herself ready. When you ready, you get it. Glory to God. Are you ready this morning? You got to get ready. That woman with the blood issue, she told herself if I could just touch him with his garment and made whole. And she pressed away and what happened? She got healed. All right, let's continue. Oh, praise God. So God wanted Joseph to grow to learn. And when he grew into his calling, and he come into that maturity to effectively lead. And I keep saying you cannot really lead if you don't know how to follow. Watch all them people who have ambition to lead and to be charged and to be charge of and what not. They can't follow nothing. They're just bullhead and bullies. Not not not leading nice brassfaced people. Go be brass facing to see our feet. All right. So watch. You cannot effectively become a leader if you're not prepared to serve. Jesus said it this way. Let him that is greatest among you. Let him serve. For the son of man came not to be served but to serve. By this shall men men know you make disciples when you love one another. And how he demonstrated that? By washing one another feet. And that was the lowest job in them times. That's the job you have when people come into somebody's house. They call him feet washing flunky. You have a basin of water. All the dust and all muck and all the mess from the donkeys and on the road. And you come to somebody house, you just walk with all your mess. And in them days is long clothes. So they had somebody to wash your feet before you come into the building. That was the job. That was the lowest paid job. That was the lowest job. And Jesus when he took the B and say come Peter said no no no Peter already and he talking if you don't watch no you no pat Lord b me now pour p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p pour the water pour the whole basin on me. You understand I'm saying then? But but the point I want to bring to you is this. Jesus was demonstrating if I could do this to you. I want you as an example to do this to each other to demonstrate to the world that my love is now among you all. that my love is stirred inside of there. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Oh, God. Do you get a church? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So all your trials and all your challenges and tribulation is designed for you. You can't try to get it access some other. You can't download somebody else trial and test it. Say Lord my own too hard. Let me download sister so and so. Let me let me get brother so and so. No, God don't giving you that download. The download you getting is designed for you. It's customized for you. So thank God he knew you. That's why he rebuked you. He knew you. Oh, that's why he called you. He knew you. That's why he could give you a special test and trial. Glory to God. If you know you're lazy, he know what to put the fire under you and slow burn. You know what I mean? To put some heat in you to get you moving then. That turtle didn't want to move. They beat the turtle with a stick. Nothing happened. Choke it. Put water. Nothing moving. When God when he put some fire on the turtle and neck head come out and start to move. And some of you still in your shell. But God has to put some fire under you to get that head out and get that turtle moving. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So, Joseph at the climax of his revelation of the call of God upon his life. He recognized that God actually took him through that journey to put him in a position that he could serve and minister to his own family. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Give that Lord some praises. They listen to Joseph words. God send me ahead to preserve life. When the time come, they say, "Send for Joseph because he had a dream and all them magicians and rich doctors and all them so-cal anointed men of the hour that far around him. They could interpret that mysteries that was coming for and Joseph went and prayed, come with the mysteries, bring revelation." And Joseph said, "Here what? You got to find a man that have the wisdom to manage this. And Pharaoh say, "Well, who else? A old jail bird like you, a felon like you. You are the man. You are the man." Somebody say, "But he just go to prison." What you going to do? He's chosen. He's appointed. He's anointed. Somebody say, "You did this. You did that." What I going to do? Abundance of grace. Abundance of God's love. abundance of God's blessing. I'm anointed. I'm appointed. I'm elected. I am predestinated. I didn't call myself. I didn't predestinate it myself. I didn't elect myself. And I am grateful this morning. Oh, give God some praise. Glory. Hallelujah. Let's go. It was him sitting on the bench down the other day when Satan seen a chance to kill me. And he couldn't do it. He will never do it until Christ says it's ready. No matter how much times he comes, he'll go back empty-handed until Christ gives an order. A promise. God's promise it. God, God's word that promises it. And we believe that because we are air. Let's go. Are you ready? Amen. After all these things, I want you to say amen. Loud as loud as you can. I'm an air of divine healing. I'm an air of joy. Amen. I have a right to be happy. Oh, glory. I'm an air to happiness. I'm an heir to joy. I'm an heir to peace. I'm an heir to eternal life. I'm an heir to the Holy Spirit. I'm an heir to every evidence is got. And there's a big one. I'm heir to the authority of God. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I'm a heir to the throne. He that overcome that set in my throne. I'm a heir of all things. Not just one thing. All things. He say everything is under your feet. Even death is under your feet. The grave is under your feet. Hell is under your feet. Sin is under your feet. Everything is under your feet. You are air. Oh give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Call us anything you want to. Call us what you want. You say we are crazy if you want to, but we are heirs. Heirs of what? All things. Shout out all things. Are you heir to Brandham Tabernacle? No. I'm heir to all things both, seen, present, future, to everything. I'm air to air. Doesn't that make you feel good this morning? Every sin and wickedness, you may be seated, has been put under my feet by the grace of Jesus Christ. He rose on Easter morning, triumph over death, hell, and the grave and made me a heir. And he said, "Wait yonder. I give you a promise." And his anointed authoritative servant said, "The promise is unto you." Amen. And to your children, to them that are far off, even as many the Lord of God shall call, I'm an heir. Jesus, prove it to us. When we enter that battleground between death and life, I'm a sinner, brother Bham. You don't have to be. You a sinner because you desire to be. You don't have to be because the debt already paid. Brother Brandham, I wish a high joy. You can have it. You are just letting Satan rob you from the privileges that Christ died for. I'm a heir to it. It's all mine. Everything he died for belongs to me, belongs to you. We are his children. We are heirs of everything he died for. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. When you enter into the battleground, there is no such thing as the baptism of Holy Ghost. You know you're going to act funny. There's something there's going to be something going to be something different. I don't care what difference it is. I'mma air it. [Applause] Tell the message don't want to talk about no back. You want to say seed in soul seed is you word on top of word on top of word. You're the bride. a train that bride go there coming for a train bride that bride rep in representing a national garment doesn't mean a train bride you know it just represent a bride from training nothing else the bride has to be the word because the bride is part of a husband the bride has to be magnetized to the Holy Ghost isn't that right let's go my ought to be the motive of every sinner I'm coming to receive it upon the bas of the Holy Spirit who is here now telling me coming to receive it. All right, let's continue. Now Abraham, Lot was part of that land. Abraham had a right to it. Now Abraham, he said, "God, you made me a promise that this land and all that is in it is mine. You made a promise. Now my kinsman has been taken. He's got gone." Now remember Lot and Abraham men had issues, right? Lot choose and end up to Sodom. And to show you that Abraham had the right spirit, he still was interested in Lot's deliverance. So he went go to God and say, "God, oh God, my family, my family." In other words, I apply that today. I said, "Church, Lord God, here's my brother. He's laying here stricken with cancer. He's stricken with tuberculosis. He's got so and so. I lay." Listen to these words now because we have to apply it. We have to be able to speak it. You know, this is this is thing to teach us how to manage when it comes our way. You say, "Lord, I lay a hold of the promise. It is my possession. You told me so." This is you talking to your child. This is you talking to your sister, to your brother, to your daughter, whoever. You told me so. And then you can go after the enemy, that devil, and slaughter it. Yet Abraham had a right to the promise, and the promise was his. Yet he had a right fight to possess it. There is the believer today. We are heir to all things. We're heir to every spiritual blessing, every physical blessing, every blessing the Bible promises. But you have to fight every inch of it. Amen. And that's the way God got it set up. It's always been that way. Amen. So if you feel that the car is yours, but you're seeing tricycle and other two wheel bike and thing like that and you had a that you know, thank you Lord for the tricycle and you ped on your tricycle but the car is yours. You had to fight for it. You had to come through this and come through that but that is yours. The throne was always David owned but you had to fight for it. You have to fight to live, fight to die, fight to survive. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Are you with me? Let's go. Let's go. It's going to get better. You say, "But man, I need healing." The promise is yours. But if you're ever going to get it, you ain't going to get it easy. I'm going to tell you that. You're going to have to take it away from Satan. Satan, capture your health. You got to write say, "Give it back. Hand it over. I come in the name of the Lord, the possessor of the heaven and earth. I'm his air. Give it back." Amen. You took my child. You got to mix up with the wrong boy. You took my boy. Mix up with the wrong girl. I claim them. When last you made a claim, say amen. When last you say, I claim them. I claim my family. I claim this house out of the hands of demon oppression and activity. I claim it in the name of Jesus. When you go home, put your foot in your home and say, I claim this ground. Every devil hanging around here have to leave. Devil of frustration, devil of depression. Oh, the devil is not act. The devil is active, you know. [Music] Hallelujah. You're not talking about a physical being. He nobody spirit. Spirit spirits spirits in the air. Spirit in your mind. See, but the pastor don't love you spirit. The church have no love cuz nobody look for you. Do you look for anybody? No. They wouldn't say I have no love because you look for nobody. You know the church who church supposed to come by you and look for you. Devil playing with your mind. If we had 10,000 people here, you think nobody look for you. Only 10,000 people come and look for one in a million. Amen. When you look through Trinidad, you choose me. That alone should make you happy. That alone to shout. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. I'm an heir to all things. It's given to me. I'm an air. I can claim everything. Watch this. That God promised me. There you are. How do you get it? This is deep. Just remember the scripture talk about abundance of grace, gift of righteousness. Right? Listen. You say it belongs to us. Satan cannot hold it. You go to him in and I hope this mean more to you now. We struck this quote before. You go to him in the scriptural authoritative word with faith to say it is mine. Amen. Lay it down. You don't go and say gosh devil you move. So brothers talk like that. You know why you tell why? Why you moving? So you moving so you sure you want to move so my my father is he he in charge over all you know but you are no power. You're not even talking like a son because your father do you talk like that he say lay it down with the authoritative word with faith and say it is mine. I like that Satan you lay it down. You took it from me, you give it back because I am serving notice on you. Oh, praise God. Lay it down. So, you have to speak with authority. Yes, sir. All right. What did he have to do first? Abram, in order to do this, he had to lay his fate upon a solid rock foundation, God's promised word. He had a little bunch of servants, a dozen, a couple of thousand armed men, rusty knives and whatnot. And he took them and Abraham defeated the enemy and brought Lot out because he said it's mines. I'm going after what belongs to me. And that's why I say when you come to service, you come to get a revelation of what belongs to you. Note not just I believe stuff but in what is being spoken. Do you hear what belongs to you? Because whatever you hear that belongs to you and they can say by revelation then you could fight for it. In other words, you're fighting for what you know is your own. If you know peace is yours, you fight for it. Joy is yours, you fight for it. If you believe that frustration and and depression is yours because you're sinning and in a real terrible position, then you have battle in your own mind. You have to get out of sin. You have to come to true repentance because in your mind, you will say, "This is justified. I supposed to be sick. I supposed and and sapping you up like that." Like if you some kind of bubbly and just slapping you up and you just taking licks and you and you like you deserve it and Satan and once you say you deserve it, Satan help you deserve it even more. But God is your father. Do like the prodal son. I will arise. I will go to my father. I will say what? Well, you know, daddy, you have a space back in the house. Just go back where you come from. That's not what he said. He said, "I will say I I have sinned. I am no longer worthy to be call your son. Make me a higher servant. I prefer to be servant now." And the and the father receive him with abundance of grace. Give the Lord some praise. Because your son, he he brought him back with abundance of grace. Watch his older brother get a fight when he hear the fatted caffe feeding for so long. taken eaten that somebody put fail. No, he wasn't interested. He was more concerned that that wretched miserable money spending brother of mines that spend all the money and he was so well received. Jesus Jesus is a master teacher. All right. When a sinner can see you don't have to sin, a lot of people say they sin because they have to sin. That's a pitiful shape when you say that you have to sin. But when you realize you don't have to sin anymore, see, watch. There are people that stand up and curse and laugh in your face and call you an idiot. Everything else, they are willful sinners. There's no hope for them. But that man who does something constantly, they don't want to do it. He steals, he don't want to. He lies, he don't want to. He does thing he doesn't want to. He don't want to be a sinner. There's hope for him if you can let him see what's the truth. See, come up to God's promise and lay a hold upon faith. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Glory to God. The scripture we read this centurion. This centurion, he was looking a long time at Jesus. Hallelujah. He was observing Jesus and seeing Jesus operation. And when he couldn't take it no more, he come to Jesus. He said Lord I have a servant inside my house. He is sick. Now in those times very unusual for a man to ask for help for a servant because so much people doing servant job in them times that if a servant dead is next you could always get somebody inside of there. Hallelujah. But it goes to show that this centurion had a certain quality in him. One thing you could see about him, he was a humble heart. Amen. With a humble soul. He had compassion. Yes. He was a compassionate person. And Jesus said, "I will come and heal him because Jesus is a healer." That man said in all humility, "Yes." What if he had pride? Because you have a six-bedroom house with a pool on top. The third floor said, "Jesus are waiting for you." Woo. He waiting to demonstrate his success, not him. He said, "Lord, I am not worthy for you to come under my roof to speak the word because I have a revelation. I am a centurion. I have men under me. When I tell them go, they go." When I tell them come, they come. And I recognize the authority that is upon you. Amen. Could give you the authority to send a word and you're going to recreate yourself just like that. You don't have to come, just speak. Oh, give the Lord a shout. I feel anointing. Glory to God. You don't have to come. Just speak. And I know he'll be made whole. And when Jesus spoke that very hour, his servant was made whole. Another scripture said when the man was walking home, he said, "What time?" Yeah. Say if. He said, "What time was he healed?" It was the same time Jesus spoke. The word does pass through barriers. The word will pass through time zones. The word will pass through your body. The word could come to your soul. The word don't know distance. It don't care how tall you are, how short you are. It don't care what pain you in. God could heal you today, deliver you today, shield you today, free you today. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. This word have power. This word have power. This word is active. This word is real. This word is good. This word can't fail. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Right with me now. We home stretch. God became a sinner. Hallelujah. Took our sins upon him. Yes, sir. Knowing no sin yet was a sinner because our sins was placed on him. He become me. Hallelujah. That I might become him. He become a sinner. That I might become a son of God. He become a sinner that you might become a son of God. And now we are sons and daughters of God because God has made us a kins folk. Oh, give the Lord some praises. The word was made a human being. The word become a kinsman. He become a man. He become death. And through that death I might become life. Through his righteousness I might have life. He become poor that I through his poverty I might be made rich. Who say a child can be rich? He become poor that I might be made rich. He become what I was so that I might through his grace become what he is. Are you riding with me now? Are you going with me now? Now you're going to say what he said. The same works I do shall you do also. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. What love the father had bestowed upon us. That while we were sinners, aliens away from God, drawn nigh unto God in so much that we become sons and daughters of God. Not servants. Amen. Here we go. Brother, the gentile church was never a servant. And this centurion, he was a gentile. And Jesus was so astonished. He marveled. He say, "And all Israel and never see faith like this." That's gentile faith. That's the faith that God put in you. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. The Gentile church was never a servant. No sir. The gentile church is son and daughter. You are sons and daughters of God who have received the Holy Ghost. Now, sons and daughters, let's go. Who has the most power before God? What is an angel? A servant. They are his servants. What are you? His son and daughter. Who has the most power in heaven then? A sinner that's been saved by grace or an angel that's standing by his right side? It's a big question. That's a big question. Hallelujah. But the sinner that has been saved by grace has more authority in heaven. What you binding on earth bong in heaven. Oh, glory to God. What you binding is bong in heaven. What you loosen it is loose in heaven. If this don't make you shout, you could be dead and don't know it. Hallelujah. All right. Watch this. A sinner being saved by grace or or or an archangel is standing by his right side. Hallelujah. The sinner that's been saved by grace has more authority in heaven than the archangel that stood by his side without sin because he's a son. A son has more authority than the servant of God. Oh, we forgot what we are. We forgot many times what we what made us what we are. After we become what we are, then we forgot how we got there. And that's where pride and arrogance overtake people. You see all time humble God blessing them and blessing them and blessing them. And afterward you see pride running away with them, you know, and afterwards pride overtake them. arrogance overtake them next minute if I didn't work so hard I didn't get what I get afterwards they throwing off God now they start to go power the money the money trip them money has trip people you know send them totally nuts and afterwards they just go on they go on the money tip them over and go looking for somebody the more he bless the more humble he become all right all right question which has the greatest authority an angel from heaven or an angel at the pulpit. Which has it? The angel at the pulpit. Hear the scripture for it. Because Paul said, "If a angel from heaven comes and preach any other gospel to you, that which I've already preached, let him be a cursed." So the angel anointed with the Holy Spirit and with the word stand next to God in heaven with authority. Jesus said, "All power in heaven and earth is given into my hand." Amen. Whatever you bind on earth, I'll bind in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth, I'll loose in heaven. Oh, if the great holy church, this is a big one. Can only realize its power to do these things. But there is so much doubt and fear and trembling wondering if it will, could it happen? As long as that exists, the church can never stand upright. But when every talk of fear is vanished, my God, my God, oh glory. So, let me say this to you now. On your way to power, you pick up authority. Power and authority is not the same thing. Because the policeman, the new recruit, the thin guy and the uniform fresh and starts good. As thin as he is, as small and skinny as he is. If he step out on the street and hold up his hand like that, you have to stop. big truck, tanker truck, gasoline truck, whatever you're driving have to stop because a uniform man raise his hands and you have to take a pause for that cause. So, give the Lord some praises. He does not have power to stop the vehicle, but he have authority. Oh, glory to God. And when you put on your uniform and you're putting it on today, you ain't get power yet, but you're picking up on your shout out to her. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Glory to God. You have authority. This is what the devil don't want you to know. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. In my name. May be seated. Jesus put it there. You know, it's in print. You know, he say in your name. You know, he say in my name. You know, every devil in hell recognizes that name. That name of Jesus. Every devil in hell knows that name. He said do it in my name. You can't go in your name. Satan don't recognize your name. But when he hear Jesus name, oh glory to God. But the bride will have more than that. The bride will get a new name. Oh, give the Lord a shout. She would speak and it going to happen. Give the Lord some praises. My God. My God. Let me see how I can wrap up here. When every talk of fear is vanished and the Holy Spirit is completely in control of the church, then all fears are gone and that church has the power. Why? They have everything that heaven owns behind them. They are ambassadors of the throne. An ambassador of Christ has the authority. An ambassador represents a nation, a country in another nation. Amen. So we we from the kingdom of God and we in Satan's Eden. Amen. And you are an ambassador from heaven representing another kingdom. Hallelujah. In your country have laws. In your country have power, but you are in another country, another kingdom. Oh, give the Lord some praises. And in your country, you have backups. You have backings because they send you as an ambassador. And the whole of heaven is behind you. The whole of heaven is behind me. An ambassador have the complete support of the country he represents. The country he comes from, the armies behind that man, the powers that be is behind that man. And I'm saying the angel of the Lord encamp around those ambassadors. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. You are not ordinary. The devil's a liar. He want you to see yourself as ordinary. You are not ordinary. You are ambassadors of the throne. God's representatives on the earth. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Are we going good talking about Jesus uh was taken to the mountain and they adopted and so on. He said that's the thing that God will do to his son here on earth someday. He will call you aside church if you'll only obey him and stay on the word and believe it. He will place he God will place into the church before the coming of Jesus Christ. He will place into the church all the powers that Christ had in him will be in the church. Could we give the Lord a shout at that? Did you hear that promise? We are talking about no mini son of man, no next son of man, no new son of man, no kind of son of man at all. He said all the power that Christ had will be in the church in the last days. Not no talk, no no mystery talk, none of that. Give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. The prophecy is all the power. Hey. [Music] Am I crazy? No, I am not. The Bible prophesied as Janice and Jambre which Moses so shall be in the last days. May be seated. What happened with Jambre? And Moses come and Moses want to demonstrate power. Aaron th Moses saying that in a nice way turn to snake Johnson show what we could do. Magician they threw down sticks to turn to snake. In other words, you had that too. Not quot versus co Not text versus text as Janice and Jamb. Oh, what what book? What from spinning page? You know, JP spl turn the water into blood. Them fellas do it too. Bring forth frogs. Them fellas blew it too. Round three. Equal. Both of them. Tick tick tick. When Moses called for the dust to become fleas and flies and lies, them fell say that the finger of God cuz we can handle that. We that that that above our pay grade. We we can't do that. them fell that the hand of God that the thing you got licks you know if you don't understand how this battle end up you'll get blows you know if you don't know where you act when you see that brother fell thick you run out you know Moses stood to the ground and his snake eat two snakes as somebody say his rod become heavier what whatever power that was going he absorb it he just got heavier rod Man, they lost two snakes and Moses have a extra one, two, extra. What I'm saying is this, that is how the battle going to be. Oh, this end time battle will be a display of power. Powerl power. Power came into the beast. Power comes into the bride. The beast have an image and the bride have an image. Oh, glory to God. And the image of the beast have to get empowered. And this image is second Peter 1 4-7. That image is inside of you. That image have a dynamic power to come into that image. It will be the image of God versus the image of Satan. Lucifer will finally achieve to be as God on this earth. He will be the god of this evil age. But the bride of Jesus Christ. Just as Satan went in Satan, just as Satan went in God's Eden and throw it down. God make sure you have a special woman on the earth, the bride of Jesus Christ to be in Satan's Eden. We're going to rock this world. We're going to shake hell's kingdom. Oh, glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. The bride will be a super church, a super race as we near the headstone. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. And a little more again. All the power that Christ had in him will be in the church. All that God was, he poured into Jesus. All that Jesus was, he poured into the church. God wanted his work done, he sent it into his son. The son wanted the work done, sent it into the church. At that day, you will know that I'm in the father, the father in me, I in you, you in me. at that day because the same power of God that was Jehovah God rest in Jesus Christ. The same power that rested in Jesus Christ rest in placed sons in the body of Christ. Placing a son take him out to a certain place. Have a ceremony. Place him positionally what he is in the body of Christ. Then that person has the authority. What he hire is hired. What he fire is fired. He could sign the check. Oh God have mercy. Oh, glory to God. The authority is coming back because Adam had authority. Because Adam had the book, he could tell the mountain move here. He could tell the lion and the lamb lie down there. Oh, glory to God. But when Adam lost the book, he lost the power. He lost the authority. He lost the dominion. But it coming back. God said, "Let us make man in our own image and likeness. Let that man have dominion." The prophet brought back the image and the likeness of God. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Seven living voices, seven thunders, seven voices, seven mysteries, seven virtues, thunder and praise God, the image back on the earth, the devil is in trouble. We give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Let me say this. If you count me as a fanatic from this night on, that very same thing I'm speaking of will be done. There'll be a power put into the church. And now coming in that the Holy Spirit will so anoint the people. I see the Holy Spirit anoint you this morning. So anoint the people. Then they will speak the word. It will create itself like that. We haven't seen powers like like coming into the church now. I know it for a fact. So what Abraham saw we haven't seen it as yet. Say unto this mountain be moved. Do doubt in your heart but believe what you have said shall come to pass. You can have what you said. the placing of the church in position where the fullness of the power of the Holy Ghost comes into his church. Then the critics mouth will be bishop. Amen. Right now the dogs back in as we wind up our glass and the air condition. The dogs had to keep on barking. But they can't shut up just yet. It will take the power of the Holy Ghost. Notice it will be a short time. Jesus come right off the mountain, went straight to Calvary. It won't last long, but it will be here. There's a few more again and we close. Almost there. Brother Brandon, spiritual food and due season. Do you see what I'm trying to get to you? I spoke with you pretty plain this morning. Don't you see the authority of the living God in the living church, the bride? Listen to these words now. The sick are healed, the dead are raised up, the cripples walk, the blind see. The gospel goes forth in its power. For the message and the messenger are the same. Then he said these words, the word is in the church in the person. That's a big one. In other words, he's saying you are seeing what you see around here. about I'm trying to get it plain to you this morning. Don't you see the authority of the living God? See, he explaining why it is so dead. Why the sick are being healed, the dead are raised, the cripples walk, the blind see, the he said the message and the messenger are the same. Because the word is in the church in in the person. What did I first say when I come up here? Hallelujah. I tell you the word is God and Jesus is the personification of the word itself. Or he is the word made flesh. That is the person of the word. So when the person of the word is here, the sick is healed. Blind see, deaf heal, crippled walk, dead raised because the word is here in its person. It would be evident the person is here. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Give the Lord a shout. He said there will be a church with Jesus walking in it. The shout of the king will be in the camp. Give the Lord a shout on that one. You're almost done. Pet come up. Gal, [Applause] let the old man drink some water. You didn't expect to hear that, right? Say, let young man drink water. All right, brother. Now listen. The least of his believers, no matter who little, whatever you are, the least of his believers in him has all evil under them. 30% say amen. Some still wondering if they should say amen to this because they're feeling less than the least. Hallelujah. Let me read it again for all the least ones inside who think you're the least or who see yourself as the least. The least of his believers in him has all evil under them. Look, Christ is the head of the body. Is that right? Wherever the head is, the body with it. Where my head goes, my I take my body with it. Where Jesus is, the church is with him. He don't get out of his word. He stays in his word and watches over it to make it manifest. His church is with him. And you look and say, "But brother Brandham, I'm the least one." That's the souls of his feet. [Applause] But remember, he triumph with you. He triumph with you over it. Even you are the souls of his feet. Every sickness, every devil, every power, even death itself is under your feet under you. Glory. I don't feel like a 52 this morning. This is the truth. If I can just get this church to see that. But Ram said, "If I could just get this church to see that, brother, we'll be triumphant church. Believers in him, all evil is under him." Oh, glory to God. You listen to this one. I'm about to close. You say, "Brother Brandham, I have no power." Neither do I. I do have any power. Well, Brother Brandham, I'm a weakling. So am I. But I am not dependent upon my strength. It ain't my strength. I'm depending on my authority. My authority given to me. It is not me that is strong. I ain't strong. Oh, glory to God. As you go into power, you pick up the authority. But power coming. You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost come upon you. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You're going drunk to power and along your way, you're picking on authority. We picking up some this morning. That's why I preaching this this morning. The authority of the word and the bride. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Just the word. Just the word. Just the word. In my name, they shall cast out devils. Just the word. Just the word. They shall lay hands upon the sick and they shall recover. Just the word. [Music] Brother, you be seated. Oh man, this is the very end here now. Musicians, let's say there's traffic coming on the street at Fort and Broadway in Louisville. Zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom just fast as they can. 60 miles per hour across the street. Everybody rushing, hustling. One little man walks out there, raises his hand and brother slide. That little man hasn't got enough power to stop one of those cars, but he got authority. It ain't his power. Well, if one of the cars hit him, it'll demolish him. But let's but let him raise his hands. Drivers of the car recognize that uniform. Oh, brother. They recognize that uniform. Break slide. Why? Look at his authority. Look what's behind him. The whole system of the city is behind him. The law enforcement of the city is behind him. That uniform represents that. He is different because he's an officer. He ought to stop. One of them cars go zoom and take him like that. They better not try it. What's behind him? They will squeak brakes and slide. He don't have to say a thing. It's all behind him. He's weak, but what's behind him? He's dressed up in a uniform. He's not an idol, but but an individual ought to be dressed. Let us put on the whole armor of God. The helmet of salvation, the great shield of the faith. Oh, glory to God. It ain't a little man standing there. He's an ordinary man. But what does he represent? Our armor is Jesus Christ. All devils slide their brakes when they see that. When they see the full armor of God, the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, seeing it coming straight down from the throne of God, dressed in the full armor, his resurrection, not that you are strong, you are nothing. It's what's behind you. You are dead. You join the army. You join the police force. You're going to keep the law to control these devils. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You are on the police force. The whole thing behind you. You are reckon dead. You are nothing. You couldn't stop nothing. But your authority has been given you because you are raised and sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. The devil recognizes that everything sight is breaks. Oh, glory. Give the Lord. Let's all stand and give the God some praises. The authority of the word in the bride. God has released authority. The authority of God is here this morning. The word of God. Let's just praise him. Father God, we thank you for your presence, Lord. We thank you for the anointing and your presence and power. May you pour out your people. And the prophet cried out, "If I could just get my church to see this, if I could get the church to see this, that every devil is under their feet." Granted, Lord, have the preeminences. May open up their minds. may change your thinking, change your lives in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Thanks again for coming. [Applause] Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh glory, glory. Oh, we are marching over to Jerusalem. Oh, we are maring over. Oh, turn around. Tell somebody. Shake some hand. Jerusalem. Oh, Jerusalem. Oh, Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Oh, we are maring over to Jerusalem. Oh, we are maring over to Jerusalem. Oh, Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Oh, Jerusalem. Jerusalem. We are maring. We are maring over to Jerusalem. Oh, we are marching over to Jerusalem. Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Jerusalem. Oh, Jerusalem. We are maring. We are maring over to Jer. Oh, we are maring over. Oh, Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Oh Jerusalem. Oh Jerusalem. Oh Jer. Oh we are maring. We are maring over. Oh well we are maring over. Oh Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Oh Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Oh Jerusale. Oh Samos. Jerusalem. Oh my Jerusalem. Oh Jerusalem. Oh Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Oh her. Give the Lord a shout of praise right now. Hallelujah. Oh Jerusalem. Oh we are maring. Oh Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Oh, Jerusalem. Oh, one more time. We are marching. We are maring over to Jerusalem. Oh, we are maring over. Oh, Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Jerusalem. Oh, Jerusalem. Jerusalem. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you have the authority this morning? Oh, do you believe that every power is under your feet this morning? Oh, he's under your feet today. Oh, hallelujah. Give him praise. Give him a shout of triumph. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Joy is yours. Peace is yours. The Holy Ghost is yours. Strength is yours. Everything he died for belongs to you today. Give the Lord a shout of praise. [Music] Amen. Amen. Oh, dear love. Hallelujah. I went to the enemy's camp and I well I took back what he stole. Oh well now I took back what he stole. Oh well I took back what he stole from me. Well I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. And now he's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh he's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my Oh, well, Satan is under my feet. Oh, well, I went to the enemy's camp. Oh, and I took back. Oh, you say I took back what he stole. Oh, I took back what he stole from me. Well, I went to the enemy's camp and I I took back what he stole from me. And now he's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh, he's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under Oh, Satan is under my Oh, well, now glory. [Music] Oh, well, I took back. I said, brothers, get ready to bring the T offering. Went to the enemy's camp and I I took back what he stole from me. And now he's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh, he's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh, he's under my feet. He's under my Oh, Satan is under my feet. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. We believe it today. Oh my. We just want to pray for the t the offering. Amen. We continue singing after. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Oh father, we feel your victory today. We thank you for your word, Lord, and we thank you for the faith that you give us, the victory that overcomes the world. Lord, we pray that you bless your people now as they give in tithes and offering, Lord. We pray that your Holy Spirit would uh look over it, Father. And as they pass it around, may you bless those that give. May you provide for them, Lord, Father, that may not have today, Lord Jesus. May you bless your ministry there God as we continue in your love Lord Father guide the use of it we pray and ask it in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Amen. Let's let's keep singing. Oh well I went to the enemy's camp. Oh and I I took back what he stole from me. Oh Lord I took back what he stole from me. Oh I took back what he stole from me. Well, I went to the enemy's camp. And I took back what he stole from me. And now he's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh, he's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh, Satan is under my Oh, singing. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. and baptize everyone. Oh, sing it. Oh Lord, send the power. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. And baptize everyone. Oh, and they were in an upper chamber and they were all with one out. Oh, and the Holy Ghost descended as was promised by our Lord. Oh, singing. Oh Lord, send the power and know Lord send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize every Oh yes, this old time power was given to our fathers who were true. Oh, and this is promised to believers and we all may have it too. Oh, singing, oh Lord. Hold up your hand. Sing, oh Lord. Oh now, oh Lord. Oh, and baptize ever. Oh Lord, sing it. Oh Lord, send the power. Oh now, oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize everyone. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. And amen. Let us close in with a prayer. Father God, we thank you for your presence. We thank you for your word and we just love your truth, Lord. Your truth frees us from our own selves. And Lord, what you say we are, we are. Amen. Oh God, we believe you, Father. And we pray that you would be with your people, be with all that's been done, has to be done today for your honor and glory. We ask it in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And amen. We be seated. So officially close of the service. Um, we want to invite uh we want to welcome Amia Harris. Harris is here. Invited by Sister Gomez. Just want to say welcome. God bless you. Welcome. Thank you for coming. And we also want to welcome Jaden Brewster. Invite by Brother Punch. Brother Jayen. All right. Thanks. Jayen is here. Welcome. All right. For announcement, we want to announce service continue, but there's no service on Wednesday. Convention starts on Friday. So, we're in full convention mode. Our overseas guests that arrive on Wednesday actually. Deacons ushers meeting. We want to have that about just past 1:30. We'll have that meeting. But right after service maintenance team group, please meet with brother Malan after the service. Next week's is convention. We want to to get assistance with maintenance. We welcome your help today. There will be a cleanup after the service. We want to thank you for your commitment and service to the Lord and his people. Reminder, registration for lunches during the convention continues today. If you desire lunch, see the sisters downstairs after the service. Remember, it is catering and we have to get numbers. Please remember to pray for the convention, the believers, the travel and so on that everything will work out smoothly for the on call and glory. So we want to just promptly dismiss and we have a lot of things to do. We want to get done and we would certainly welcome your assistance. So go. So the service is Friday at 2:00, 2:00 p.m. and 7 p.m. Saturday will be 10 a.m. 3:00 p.m. and 700 p.m. And on Sunday will be 10 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Seven services in all. And we're looking forward for a great time. And as we announced about the attempted assassination attempt on uh the Donald Trump, we don't know what next year holds. We don't know if we'll have a convention next year. We have no idea how this world going to be. But things are turning. Things are changing around and we have to to change. We cannot see ourselves continue as business as usual. You you have to step up. step up and and get cracking and get going. Amen. So, God bless you as we are dismissed. Ushers come forward. Amen. Oh Jesus Christ, he's the same yesterday and today and forever. Oh, is Jesus Christ. He's the same yesterday and today and forever. Oh yes, it's Jesus Christ. He's the same yesterday and today and forever. Oh, he is Jesus Christ. He's the same yesterday. Oh, and today. Oh, and forever. Oh Jesus Christ, he's the same yesterday and today [Music] and forever. Oh, and Jesus is the answer for the world today. above and there's no other. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there's no other. Jesus is the way. Oh Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there's no other. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the answer for the world today. But there's no other. Jesus is the way. [Music]
