################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-29 - Hindrances - Pastor Theo Ovid - Theo Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-29
Title:   Hindrances - Pastor Theo Ovid
Speaker: Theo Ovid
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA212gSF8LM
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Let's all stand. Oh, make me like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee and give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. Oh, made me more like thee. Amen. Jesus, make me more like thee. Oh, and give me a heart. Yes, Lord. that's filled with love and make me more like thee. One more time singing Make me more like thee. Oh Jesus, make me more like thee. And give me a heart that is filled with your love. And make me more like [Music] thee. Oh, let us praise him tonight. Make me more like thee, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, we have a desire tonight. One thing have I desired that will I seek after tonight. Oh, make us and mold us, Father, into your image, oh God. Wrap us in your holy arms, oh God. We leave it all behind Lord to follow the master. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh we do not know the way. Oh help us tonight. Oh mighty God. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. We thank you for your presence tonight Lord. Amen. We are overwhelmed by you tonight, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. You appreciate the Lord tonight. Amen. Praise God. Another holy time is coming. We believe by faith is here tonight. God bless you. If you have your Bibles, you'd like to turn to Psalm chapter 121 for a scripture reading. Praise God. Amen. Psalms chapter 121. Amen. Uh the volume uh I think volume might be a little bit too high on the microphone. So you could just check that. Psalms 121. It says, "I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills from whence cometh my help." Hallelujah. My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth. He will not suffer thy foot to be moved. He that keepeth thee will not slumber. Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep. For the Lord is thy keeper, and the Lord is thy shade upon thy right hand. The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil. He shall preserve thy soul. The Lord shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth and even forever more. May God add blessing to the reading of his word. Let us lift our hands and pray unto the Lord as we ask his blessings tonight upon this service. Almighty God, we are uh captivated Lord by your presence. Father, we humbly bow before you Lord. We uh know that you are greater Father. There's something in us tonight, Lord, that is drawing us to you, dear God. We care to answer that call tonight. A call in our hearts, Lord. We want to be a Christian. So, Father, may you pour into us, Lord, your presence, your spirit, your anointing. Help us, Lord, and teach us as we sit, Lord, as we gather around your feet, Lord, that you would help us and instruct us along the way, Father, by your word. May your spirit also come, Father, and confirm that word, Lord, and make it alive, Lord, in the hearts of your children tonight, Lord. We are nothing, Lord, without you, Lord. You are everything to us, Lord. So, Father, may you come and anoint your the service. Anoint the songs that we would sing as we offer it up before you as as incense and as worship before you, Lord. And we pray that your presence would come, Lord. May he bless the your servant, Lord God, as he would yield himself to be used of you, dear God. May you take the word of God, Lord, and go pass all feelings, Father. Go pass every every other thing, every other obstacle, Lord. here. Meet us at the point of our need. Oh God, we surrender to you tonight and this service we surrender to you tonight, dear God. May you have your way in it. May you be glorified in our midst in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen and amen. Let's lift our hands and sing in my heart. Lord be glorified. Oh be glorified. Oh and in my heart Lord be glorified. Oh today in my life Lord in my life Lord oh me glorified oh be glorified oh and in my [Music] Lord oh me glorified oh today oh in your word Lord Lord oh Lord oh me glorified be glorified Oh, and in your word, oh Lord, be glorified today. Oh Lord, I love you. I love to sing your praisees. And I love and I love to be in your presence. And every day you get sweeter and [Music] sweeter. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love Lord I love you. Oh Lord, I love you. I love to sing your praisees and I live to be in your presence. So every day you get sweeter and sweeter. Lord I love you. Oh Lord I love One more time with all your heart. Lord I love well. Lord I love you. I love to sing your praisees. Oh and I love to be in your presence. And every day you get sweeter and sweeter. Lord, I love you. Oh, Lord, I love you. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Father. Amen. Glory. Glory to God. Why don't you turn and greet your brother? Turn around and greet someone next to you. Praise God. Amen. Know ye not. Know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh, know ye not. Know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh, know ye not. Know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh, ye are the temples of the Holy Ghost. Know ye not well. Know ye not. Know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh, know ye not. Know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh, know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh, ye are the temples of Holy Ghost. Oh, we're walking up seven steps to perfection. Oh, we're walking up seven steps to perfection. Oh, we're walking up seven steps to perfection. Oh, receive the fullness of the Holy Ghost. Know ye not well? No he not. Know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh know ye not. Oh know ye not. Well know ye not. Know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh ye are the temples of the Holy Ghost. Walking up. Well walking up. Seven steps to perfection. Oh, we're walking up seven steps to perfection. Oh, we're walking up seven steps to perfection. Oh, receive the fullness of the holy. Oh no. Oh. Fill with grace, fill with grace, fill with power. Amen. Fill in grace, filled with grace. Oh, fill with glory. Oh, fill with grace. Fill in with power. Fill with glory. Oh, ye are the temples of the whole. One more time. Fill with grace. Well, fill with grace. Fill with power. Filled with glory. Oh, fill with grace. Fill with power. Fill with glory. Oh, and fill with grace. Fill with power. Fill with glory. Oh, we are the temples of the holy. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, know ye not. Oh, know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh, know ye not. Know ye not. Ye are the temples. Oh, ye are the temples of the holy. Oh, walking up well. Walking up seven steps to perfection. Oh, we're walking up seven steps to perfection. Oh, we're walking up seven steps, oh to perfection. Receive the fullness of the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Praise God. Amen. Oh, you came from heaven to earth to show the way. Oh, from the earth to the cross, my debt to pay. Oh, from the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. Lift your hand and sing. Oh Lord, I love to sing your praises. Oh, and I'm so glad you're in my life. So glad you came. And I'm so glad. Yes, you came from heaven. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. And from the earth to the cross, my dad to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. Oh Lord, I lift. One more time. Lord, I lift your name on high. Oh Lord, Lord, I love to sing your praises. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad my life. So glad you came, Lord, to save us. You came from heaven. You came from heaven to earth to show the way from the earth to the cross. My dad to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. Oh, you came from heaven. You came from heaven to earth to show the way from the earth to the cross. My dad to pay from the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. Give him a shout of praise tonight. Lift his name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Blessed be your name, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. I lift your name on high. You are worthy of all the glory. You are mighty, glorious in battle. Oh, hallelujah. To you is all the victory, all the power, all the glory, all the honor is due unto your name. Your angels you give charge over us to watch us in all our ways. We are yours Lord. We are Hallelujah bought by the blood. We are the purchase of Jesus Christ. Oh hallelujah. You promise the Holy Ghost. You promise to pour out your spirit. You promise to break every chain, to break every fetter, to break every hindrance. Oh father, may the fire fall tonight. Lord, we lift it up to you, Father. We release our faith in the atmosphere of faith. Oh, hallelujah. We release our prayer. We release our desire to you, oh God, pour out your fire, pour out the anointing of God, may the angel, may the seal of the living God. May he come into the house of God and begin to seal the predestinated into the hearts by fire, by fire. Oh, this is our prayer. This is our desire, Lord. We lift your name on high. Oh, we thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. We thank you in advance for what you're about to do. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, from the cross to the grave. Hallelujah. From the grave to the sky. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. One more time. You came from heaven. You came from heaven. Wonderful. Oh. to show the way to the cross. My dad to pay. From the cross to the grave. Oh, from the grave to the sky. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. on high. Lord, I lift your name. Lord, I lift your name on high. Let's just worship him [Music] tonight. Oh, to show us the way. Hallelujah. From the earth to the cross, my debt to pay. From the cross to the grave, from the rain to the sky. Oh, I lift your name on high. You came from heaven. came to show the pain from earth to the cross. I dare from the cross to the grave. From the grave to God. Lord, I lift your name, oh Lord. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for your presence tonight. We pray that you would come on in a special way and reveal yourself to your people. Oh, we thank you for that word on Sunday. Father, our eyes are thrilled and excited to know that a great work is being done and nothing must hinder that work. Nothing must hinder that walk, that walk in God. Bless your word. Take me out of the way and be glorified tonight in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. God bless you and welcome. If you have your Bibles out, you turn to Matthew chapter 15. We want to read verse 22- 28. And from 1 Thessalonians chapter 2, we have one verse there, verse 18. So reading Matthew chapter 15, reading from verse 22. And behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coast and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, oh Lord, thou son of David. My daughter is grievously vexed with the devil. And he but he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away, for she cried after us. But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the Lord sheep of the house of Israel. Then came she and worshiped him, saying, Lord, help me. But he answered and said, "It is not meat to take the children's bread and to cast it to dogs." And she said, "Truth, Lord, yet the dogs eat the crumbs which fall from their master's table. Then Jesus answered and said unto her, "Oh woman, great is thy faith. Be it unto thee, even as thou wilt." And her daughter was made whole from that very hour. I'll reading from 1 Thessalonians chapter 2. I want to read verse 18. Paul speaks, "Wherefore we would have come unto you, even I, Paul, once and again, but Satan hindered us." Let's bow ahead one more, Father. Father, we have read your word, and I pray it be edifying and strengthening. And Lord, may a revelation break upon your people tonight. Confirm your word with signs, wonders, and miracles. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. And God bless you. Have Have your seat. Hallelujah. Amen. I really felt blessed on Sunday. That message certainly appreciated it. I'm doing a great work. I I can't come down. I can't come down. That is another level because that brings a consciousness of the work that you're called to do and what you're doing. So tonight I want to have a title hindrances. Just one word hindrances. What is hindering you and what hindrance is affecting you the most? And I just want to connect with Sunday service Nemiah 6:3. I sent messengers unto them saying, I am doing a great work so I cannot come down. Why should the work cease whilst I leave it and come down to you? So I'll get this hindrances. Hindrance. Nehemiah is one of the stories that showcase hindrances to the Lord's work in rebuilding Jerusalem war. And these are some of the hindrances. External opposition, fear, discouragement, distractions, and even internal strife. And whenever, this is some things I wrote. Whenever you are in the kingdom business, building, building up God's word, building up the statue of a perfect man with vision and purpose, walking in the will of God, you must expect resistance, but don't come down. Don't come down. Stay in prayer. Stay on guard and stay focused. Three things here. prayer on God and focus because this is how Nemiah was able to get past the hindrances before him. I like the part that he got strategy as to how to set people to have their sword on one hand and but and a trouble on the next hand. He had a strategy. The enemy want to come, the enemy want to attack. We're not going to say we working and we like we we stupid working and we don't understand the attack coming. No, you're you're working on your fighting. You're working on your unexpectation. You're working on your sword. We're not fools. We are under assault. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. And I want to show you tonight and I hope you catch it. There are all kind of forces to hinder us. And Paul talk about he wanted to come to them, but Satan hindered me. So there are spiritual opposition. There are spiritual forces. There are more things that going on around you that you don't even know. But we have to understand the the the devices of the enemy. And overcome them all. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. So Nema response to the attacks and everything else. In verse 9, he said, "We made our prayers to God." Amen. Amen. Remember, they are not warriors, you know. They're not fighters, you know. Near is a cup bearer. He's not a general ne. He come because he had a burden in his heart to see things built back to see things restored. God help us in this message. But Abraham came with a burden. God tell him go get that bride. There has to be a restoration of the original itself. But somehow people get away from what has to be restored. Restore me. It was once there before. It's not something new, you know. We're going back to the faith of the fathers. Oh, give the Lord a shout. It's not a new something spinning in the air. The only thing added is the rapture, a change of the body in time. But other than that is the same faith the father has had. Oh, glory to God. The father was out timing to go in the rapture because we had to be here. We had to come. But we are here for a body of people to leave this earth. Oh, give the Lord a praise in this house. So Nemiah Nemiah he had with them with a sword in one hand and the tool in the other and also he had discernment that character that was paid to come to prophesy lions I hear you want to be king I hear you send not prophets and what a line anointing upon him know and that was a meeting in church them people fear God you know but Nehemiah was focused I'm doing a great work and I cannot come Hallelujah. Because he had a burden to rebuild the house of God, to rebuild the wall. Isn't that right? All right. Now, hear the bomb coming out. Now, the church is to be rebuilt by the power of the spirit according to the prophecy in the message of grace. Oh, glory to God. So, we have some building to do. Oh, glory to God. We have a fight. No demon, no devil, and go just let us rebuild the church in the power of the spirit. There are people pinned down in deadness inside the churches. Can't even shout, no praise, no worship, no nothing. They're paralyzed by demons and devils, religious spirits in this message. But we come to bust that tonight. You have to bust that in the tabernacle. You have to bust that in your life. There must be no hindrances there all together. Oh, glory to God. A hindrance is no praise demon. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Let me say it good. A hindrance is no praise demon. the demons that making you not to praise God because God is the object of worship. That is what makes him God. You're coming to parade your beef or your flesh. You're coming to give God glory. Jesus said, "Woman, the hour now is when the true worshippers could worship the father in spirit and truth." This message supposed to have true worshippers, not dead still believers. Oh, give the Lord a shout. This message is the message to have real worship. Glory to God. We should worship. Shame the Pentecostal. Shame the Methodist. Shame the Baptist. Praise God. You must wonder how we could worship like that. We know what we worship. We know who we worship. We know why we worship. We come from God. We're going back to God. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Hallelujah. Rain and no rain. Bad weather. I don't know. Bad weather. We in the house and give God praise. I don't give a storm come tonight. We in the house and give God praise. You don't even know what's going to be started. You don't even know what's about to happen tonight. But devil may know what hindrance is. We're going to rebuild a house. We're going to build a revival. We're going to build a glorious church without spot or wrinkle. Oh glory. You are the temple of the Holy Ghost. We're going to build virtue and knowledge and temperance and patience. No more hindrances. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Don't let your wife hinder you. Don't let your husband hinder you. Don't let the dog in your yard hinder you. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Glory to God. There's going to be a revival in the land. There's going to be a sermon on the revival. No minister ain't going to stop it. No prime minister, no king, no potent, no bishop, no message pop, none guys going to stop what God about to do. He said my word shall return. Give the Lord a shout. Feel a charge in here tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm doing a great work. and I can't come down. Oh, glory to God. I'm not going down to the carnal realm. I'm not going down to the natural realm. I'm going to stay in the spirit like in the spirit. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Shout you on the internet there. Shout who you coming connected live. Hallelujah. Praise God by the clans. Hallelujah. Be seated. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] over 50 years, the power of the word, power of revelation, power of mysteries, laying foundation and mechanics and word and word and word and word, but it's a prophecy. And Baram said if we all acquainted, it's a message of grace. He said that that this during the time of the preparation for the restoration of the temple and Zerubbabel was a great prince among the people who had laid the foundation of the building. Now you want to put on your spiritual thinking. He said watch as we read further we find that God said Zerubbabel has laid the foundation with his hands. He shall also bring forth the headstone. I want you to notice he never said he shall bring forth the cornerstone. He shall bring forth the headstone. And we know that the scriptures say that Jesus is the chief cornerstone and he is also the headstone. Now if we will think for a few minutes that the seven church messenger was to restore the faith of the children back to the fathers. Amen. In other words, rebuild the church again under the power of the spirit. Not by power, not by might, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord. Not by organization, not by denomination, but by the Holy Ghost. Will God bring forth the church in the last days? So all the preachers that want to hold on and just stay their finger on these divinely re revealed mystery truths is what will literally turn the hands of the church back to the fa faded fathers. They have to tie that with this. Amen. The truths have to become power turn into spirit or we ain't going nowhere. He said it here. The church have to be rebuilt under the power of the spirit. We see the struggle under the word. We see hatred, cut scen of brethren, people ain't shaking hand, no fellowship, and all them pastors figure that they own the people. We see all of that nonsense. But God promised that there were going to be an appointing in the last days that were raised so high that the doctrinal are fellowship. You think God concerned about men who assuing power and taking power behind the pull. God have nothing to do with that. You know every false thing going to come down. Every work going to be tried. Every work will be tested whether is of God or not. Fire cometh to judge every work. You see how Elijah say let the God answer by fire. Let that God be God. The people confused. The people don't know what to do. The people don't know where to turn. Famine in the last days. Not for books and tapes. We have tons of it. But for the hearing of the word of God, for the hearing the anointing of God. Oh, glory to God. You know what the prophet said? When the true anointing of God speaks, it's the voice of God. But over you know, my pastor, that's not what the Bible said. It said when the true anointing of God speaks, it is the voice of God. When God speak, he speaks. I don't care who, by who, or where. It is God's voice. It is God's voice. It's for everybody. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. Oh, give the Lord a praise. Hallelujah. Once more, the world will hear direct from God. God will speak. I'm not talking about press play on some tape playing around, you know. I'm talking about the living God, the logos manifest. A living word. Living God. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Life thundering out. That's the thunder that going to shake the devil. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Devil is shaking already. He is shaking because there's going to be rebuilding. They're going to be rebuilders. Oh, God had it one time on the day of Pentecost under the church going to be under the same anointing. Believe in the same Holy Ghost that fell under the Pentecost going to fall here tonight. Going to fall among us. going to fall in Trinidad. Going to fall in the meetings coming going to fall around the world. Same Holy Ghost, not another Holy Ghost. Here's why. There's only one Lord. There's only one spirit. There's only one baptism. It had two baptism. It has one baptism. Oh, the Lord a shout in the house. And we are looking for that tonight. Oh, we intend to make a church. They're going to make a revival. We are to make it. We come to mix some some some chemicals tonight. We come to bless and to bless this and to touch this and to hit this. When we mix it together, something going to take place. You can't sit down dead in this thing. Hallelujah. You can't act dead in this thing. Oh, come on now. You're going to find out in here. The spirit was stirred up to go and build. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Oh, hallelujah. God put it upon Nhemiah. Ezra had it rough. We're going to read about it. Ezra the building was stopped for 16 years until God serves Zerubbabel and still up here and still of them brothers to go back and finish it and this work will be finished. The work that the Lord started will be finished. The capstone going to come down. This building will be kept. You will be kept. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Oh, glory to God. You will be kept. This church will be kept. The building will be kept. Your temp is going to be [Music] [Applause] kept. You may be seated. [Music] There's a quote. I don't think I ever read this. I just punched this one up and they say something this as a eagle st is not for of as a eagle st up a nest yakim the 4th of August 1916 but the brand I'm speaking he said let's stand to our feet how many people here hasn't got the holy ghost he's asking that question how many people hasn't got the holy ghost come here just a minute come down out of that balcony me. Amen. This is necessary time. Let's get these loose feathers out. We can't heal or have a real healing service till we get these feathers straight out. God will never take us up there and drop us till we get these feathers out of us. Come now. Everybody, this is Baron speaking to them. Everybody that wants to come under the power of the spirit. Amen. Come up here. Come a minute. stand around this altar. I believe God is going to pour out the Holy Ghost right here tonight and shake this thing and get all the feathers out of here and take his eagles on the wings like that and take us out for a revival. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] They say a change the Holy Ghost just pour out. I know people claiming to be the Holy Ghost. They're liars. But but this Holy Ghost says pour out that is new age doctrine. That is that is Hinduism thing. I am God and and all kind of thing. And who is ocean and not but who is spoon spoon what in the spoon and ocean same thing but a wheel cast in the spoon you know. Wheel is spinning in the ocean. But here once we break past the sound barrier Amen. of hindrances. Yes sir. We have 50 miles of elbow room. All we need to break past hindrances. What is your hindrance tonight? What is hindering you? What is holding you back? So Nema response was being watchful. In other words, living a careful life, prayer, vigilance. Amen. And setting gods. Yes, sir. Do you set gods? Or you even study that you have something to God. The Bible talk about guard your tongue. Most people get in trouble for this tongue. Tongue is trouble. You know just to keep quiet is a problem. You know how much marriage could have been saved if the wife had a zip inside the mouth to zip it up. I ain't going to touch you about this tonight against opposition, against enemies, against false brethren. Nehemiah, he used faith, discernment, and perseverance. Amen. Ezra had it hard. The work was stopped by opposition, by legal, by laws. God raised up prophets like Hagi and Zechariah to encourage the people to resume. And I want to read Ezra 4 just quickly. And when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captivity build the temple unto the Lord of Israel, then they came to Zerubbabel to the chief of the father and said unto him, "Let us build with you these rascals, for we seek your God as he do, and we do sacrifice with him since the days of Esaron, king of Asher, which brought us up hither. But Zerubbabel, these peers are designed. Zerubbabel and Joshua and the rest of the chief of the father of Israel said unto them, "Ye have nothing to do with us." Amen. To build a house unto our God, "But we ourselves together will build unto the Lord our God of Israel, as King Cyrus, the king of Persia, had commanded us." Then the people of the land weaken the hands of the people of Judah and trouble them in building. So once you start to build problems, if you're building, everybody love you. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. We're in the same level. But once you're building, you're going somewhere. Once you're building, you're achieving something. Let's build. Let's start tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If what you build break down, let's rebuild it. Let's let's cover up the breaches that no foxes could come in. That no devils could come in. Let's block them holes. Oh, give the Lord some praises. They hired counselors against them to frustrate their purpose. Now I want you when I'm reading this you understand what is happening in your around your life that when you get a glimpse of something that you have to go after what how things come to frustrate it distract it amen and and and and get you discouraged once you get discouraged you lost your battle you know you lost faith then cuz you're feeling down and out you're feeling discouraged watch this I had counselors against them to frustrate their purpose all the days of Cyus king of Persia even to the reign of Darus king of Persia and in the reign of Hasseras in the beginning of his reign wrote wrote they unto him an accusation against inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem. And in the days of Ex Azeres wrote Bishlam, Mirat, Tamil, and the rest of their companions. They write all these are the rascals here. These are the writers unto Azeres king of Persia. And the writing of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue and interpreted in the Syrian tongue. Rehome the chancellor and shimmy the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Axes the king in this sort then wrote Reham the chancellor and I'll skip that verse 10 and the rest of the nation whom the great noble I'll skip that a lot of big names going around in there that I might get trouble to pronounce and this is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him even unto Azeres the king thy servants the men on this side river at such time be it known unto the king verse 12 that the Jews which came up from thee with from thee to us are come unto Jerusalem building the rebellious and the bad city and have set up the walls thereof and join the foundation. Mark him all what they doing. They see when they join the foundations. Be it known unto the king that if this city beed and the wall set up again, then they will not pay toll, tribute, custom, so shalt thou endamage the revenue of the kings. So then bring it to a tax issue. Then bring it to a government issue where if they only elect them like that, no money coming for you, no revenue here. Now because we have maintenance of the king's palace, it was not meat for us to see the king's dishonor. Therefore, we have sent and certified the king that s may be made in the book of the record of thy fathers. So shall I find in the book of the records and know this city is a rebellious city hurtful to the kings provinces that they have moved sedition within the same old time which caused the city to be destroyed. We certify the king that if they be built again and the walls thereof set up by this means thou shall have no portion on this side of the river. Then send the king and answer to Rahham the chancellor and the king speak. The letter which he sent unto us has been plainly read before me and I commanded and search has been made. It is found that this city of old time had made insurrection against kings, that rebellion and sedition have been made therein, and they have been a mighty kings over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all countries beyond the river, and toll, and tribute and custom was paid unto them. Give you now commandment to give cause these men to cease, that the city be not build it, until another commandment shall be given from me. Take heed now that you fail not to do this. Why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings? And we know the story, the work. Verse 24, then ceased the work of the house of God which is at Jerusalem. So it ceased until the second year of the reign of Darius, king of Persia. It ceased legally by law. By law Hagi 1-14. Then spake Hi, the Lord's messenger in the Lord's message unto the people saying, "I am with you." Say the Lord. That's the encouragement. That's the backing the people get. I am with you tonight. I could hear God saying, "I am with you because you're doing a great work." Give the Lord some praises. And hear the bomb here. And the Lord stirred up the spirit of Jezebel. Zerubbabel. Zerubbabel the son of Shiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua the son of Joedc the high priest and the spirit of all the remnant of the people who did it. God stirred up the spirit and they came and did the work in the house of the Lord of hosts. Their God. Oh, give the Lord some praises. And I am telling you, God have to stir up people for this revival to begin to break out. God have to stir up your spirit. get you out of laziness, slowness, slutfulness, dependency, and and and feeling you're entitled to something. You're entitled to nothing. You're entitled to pray, to fast, to press, to worship, to shout, to dance, to give God glory. Oh, give the Lord a shout. You're entitled to press the battle and to work. Work till Jesus come. Work to build that wall. Work to build back your family, to build back your house, to bring back your prayer altar. Give the Lord a shout in the house. That's what Elijah had to do. Bring back the stones. Oh, give them praises. Hallelujah. So, hindrances can come from outside, inside there. Spiritual hindrances. Amen. Matthew 13:19 says, "When does this be side down? When anyone hearth the word of the kingdom, hear it, and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one, and catch it away that which was sown in his heart." Say hi, they understand. Devil take it. This is he which receives seed by the wayside. So you understand how people come and say and just leave. You understand why it doesn't hold inside their heart? You understand why they don't want to change? They come in but it's wayside. See hitting and bouncing like that kind of mattress inside. See when he bouncing. First Peter 58. Be sober. Don't be Don't be foolish. Be sober. Be vigilant. That mean on your guard you're looking. You're just walking blindly. Be sober. Be vigilant. Why? Because your adversary, the devil, is a as a roaring lion walking about seeking whom you give before. So I want you to see the devil not as a passive enemy. You know, as you're passing, he's in a suit. He not lying suiting. He is active in going after you. He's active in plotting. I hope you get this tonight. He is active in distracting. You see, brother Isaac went through step after step after step. When the car get this way, he go this way. When he can't get this way, he go this way. He's not stopping. Why should he stop? He's looking for an entry. He's looking for an enter point. And you are saying, "No, devil. I'm blocking here tonight. I'm blocking here. I'm blocking here." He got to make a move. He got to make a different move all together. Oh, give the Lord some praises. [Music] [Applause] Be sober, be vigilant because your adversary, the devil is as a roaring lion walking about seeking devour. So Nim, we know it. He faced mocks, threats, sambalot and associates and physical attacks. Ezra had legal and political opposition, enemies, writing work halted. Hindrances can come from within with discouragement and fear. Now even in Nemiah verse four I think Isaac talk about it and Judah said listen this is inside chapter this is inside those who working the strength of the bearers of burden is decayed and there is much rubbish so that we are not able to build the wall this is the inside now this is among the church among the members among the people working they say listen it's plenty rubbish and thing there man getting weak we can't build the Verse 14. Hallelujah. And I looked and rose. This is what do you do when people start to talk? You see, it's one thing when you're feeling this and that. You see, when you start to speak it, it could spread like what they say like like cold. Common cold. You know, when you sneeze, somebody has get sneezed too and negativity. Then I looked and rose up and said unto the nobles and to the rulers and to the rest of the people, "Be not afraid of them. Remember the Lord which is great and terrible and fight for your brethren and your sons and your daughters and your wives and your houses. What did he do there? He gave them a word of encouragement because they said the enemy saying this, the enemy saying that. I couldn't read all of that tonight. This is from 10. I jumped to 14. In between he talk about what the enemy is saying and what they're hearing and everything else. He said listen don't worry about that. You know, don't be afraid of them, you know. Our God is with us. Hallelujah. Fight. I want to give you encouragement. Your hands tired, but fight. Look what you're fighting for. You're fighting for your sons. You're fighting for your daughters. You're fighting for your wives. You're fighting for your houses. Fight. Get the courage and fight. Do something about it. Don't sit there dead. Fight. Oh, give the Lord some praises. internal hindrances, personal sin, fleshly desires, canality, doubt and fear. All these are internal hindrances. Galatians 5:17 says, "For the flesh lusted against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh, and these are contrary one to another, so that you cannot do the things that you would." Mark 4:18:19 says, "And these are they which are swn among thorns such as hear the word in church in the message and the cares of this world and the deceitfulness of riches and the lust of other things enter in choke the word and it becomes unfruitful." Are we talking about brother this and sister that? Yes. When it come everybody in the message, nobody in the bride, you know. I'm the eye and the bride. I give it a call or some jig or something. Hebrews 12:1. Wherefore seeing that, and this is the big picture, Paul present that we are compassed about with so great cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every who is he speaking to. Amen. Not people dancing in the the parties and and he's talking to church members. Let us lay aside every weight and the sin which so easily beset us. Amen. What throw you off? What upset you? What r you up? What get you off the beaten path? And let us run with patience the race that is set before us. Hallelujah. Are we going good tonight? How long with you? This is one of the shortest service we're going to have on on a Wednesday night. I know you don't believe that. In Hagi, God rebuked the people because their priorities was misplaced. Yes. They had their own personal priorities ahead of God's priority and that became the hindrance. Yes. Yes. God rebuked them. Said, "Is it time for you, oh ye, to dwell in your sealed houses?" Yes. And this house lie waste. I want to read Hei one from verse two. Thus speak the Lord of hosts, saying, "This people say, the time is not come, the time that the Lord house should be built." The people saying that this people say they're ready yet for a seventh Sunday revival. They're ready for super church super race. They want pastor this. Keep speaking lovely to them. Not speaking the truth in love, you know, speaking lovely the truth instead of speaking the truth in love. They want this bishop. They want that bishop. They don't want to get out of their slump and the sluggishness to break into revival because revival have a price for it, you know. Yes, sir. A virus has cost you or not. Oh give the Lord a shout in the house. Watch. The people say this is God speaking. The time has not come that the Lord's house should be built. Then came the word of the Lord by Hagi the prophet saying is it time for you oh ye to dwell in your sealed houses or panled houses and this house lie waste. Amen. Now therefore thus sayeth the Lord consider your ways. Ye have sown much and bring in little. You eat and you have not enough. You drink and you were not fill with drink. Ye clothe you but there is not warm and you earn wages, earn it wages to put it in a bag with holes. Thus say the Lord of host, consider your ways. Amen. Go up to the mountains and bring wood and build a house and I will take pleasure in it and I will be glorified. Sayeth the Lord. Hallelujah. You look for much and know it came for little. And when you brought it home, it I did blew upon it. Why? Say the Lord of because of my house. Amen. That is waste. And you run every man into his own house. So you seen about your house and you I have a burden for the house of God. Amen. Shame on you. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Amen. Why say the Lord of hosts, because of my house that is waste, and you run every man in his own house. Therefore, the heaven over you is stayed from due and the earth is stayed from a fruit. And people don't want to pay tithes. They don't want to pay offering. They don't want to contribute. They don't want to support themselves. And they figure they fixing itself. Yes. And they don't even understand why things not working out for them. True. Look at right here. So Paul said, "We wanted to come to you, but Satan hindered us." Oh, we got Look at Joshua and Caleb. Joshua and Caleb, we know the story. They went out of 10 ministers, 10 brothers, 10 message people. But when they came back, they came back with fear and unbelief. Yes. And that is the anointing that came among the brethren. Amen. When Joshua and Caleb come back, their testimonies, we we more than able to overcome it. Amen. And this is where you have to have a different spirit. Like how Caleb had a different spirit with them. You have to have a different spirit to counteract them unbelief that is around. Especially that keep saying there is going to be a super church. Yes sir. I know she no promise no we church. I'm not expecting a weak church. If I expect a weak church, I may well pack up shop and go home. Amen. God promised a super church. And God can't lie. If God said what we see manifested temporarily will be manifested in its fullness. It will be manifested in his fullness. God said the cap the prayer was never kept. And the prophecy it will be kept. We will be part of that capstone thing. That capstone anointing thing. We are going to be part of that. Oh, give the Lord a shout. There's a capstone bride. There's a headstone bride. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So the 10 spies, they brought back to the people fear, a evil report, they spread discouragement to the people. And that the cost of that was an entire generation perish in the wilderness. Amen. Oh, glory to God. And that's why when they say our fathers eat man in the wilderness, Jesus said, "And there everyone dead." Oh, glory. God has judge and believe. We come too far to turn back now. We are too close to that promised land. Oh, glory to God. We can't give up now. I come too far from where I started from. Oh, give the Lord a shout. We going to preach the gospel. The gospel is not just all these texts and quotes. The gospel is a demonstration of the power of God. The sick is going to be healed. The blind is going to see. The deaf is going to hear. The dumb is going to speak right in Trinidad and Tobago. Oh, give the Lord a shout. I'm not talking about nowhere else right now. Right in this church. Let me give it good. Right inside this building, you going to see the walking. You will see the blind scene. I'm prophesying. Right inside this building here. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house. You will see backslided restored. They will come from the east. They're going to come from the west. They're going to come from the north. And they're going to come from the south. Oh, give the Lord a shout. The Holy Ghost is moving again. Hallelujah. Revival is on his way again. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. No demon ain't going to stop it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, we have to deal with discouragement. We have to deal with opposition. We have to deal with hindrances. Oh, glory to God. Don't let nothing hinder you. Keep pressing on. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Have you read a scripture? This woman came to Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus told the woman, "It's not fit to take the children's bread and cast it to dogs." Jesus handled her certain way. But Brandon, she had many hindrances. This poor little woman, she had many hindrances, but her feet didn't have any. Oh, glory to God. So all the excuses people making, they are liars. They have unbelief. They have no faith. Because I don't care what disappoint you. This woman's faith was not disappointed. Nothing can rock that faith. She stood her grounds. Where are those saints stand in their grounds? Friend or no friend. Let those virtues work in me. Oh Lord is my prayer. Whether I maintain my family or not, let me maintain Christ. Oh give the Lord a shout. This message has to be anchored in your soul. Oh, glory. If it's inside of you, take Satan and can't take it out. He didn't put it in and he can't take it out. What's the secret? The word is in the bride. Oh, glory to God. The word had to be in you. You ain't get the spirit yet, but the word in you, they hauled themselves in the upper room. They were dry word seeds waiting for rain to fall. And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were in one mind and one accord. And suddenly there came a song. It wasn't a music playing. It wasn't some music man or some trap set or some drums beating or some piano playing. It was a song from heaven and they were filled with the Holy Ghost. That sound good to me tonight. They wasn't saying I am the Holy Ghost. They were filled with it. Oh, give the Lord a shout in the house and you are going to be filled with it. The same Holy Ghost, not another Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. So when you when you studying excuses and hindrances of what you think about this woman, her faith did not have any. She had heard faith had took a hold. She heard and her faith took a hold. Now they might have said to her, you know you are Greek. You know you will never get nothing because there was segregation. You will get nothing here. But she didn't pay attention to that. She had faith and that faith was all she needed because she know that that was the word of God standing there. She had faith. Some of them might have said to her, "But wait a minute." Her own nation, her own church might have said, "Now wait a minute. The days of miracle is passed. Don't you go down there. The days of miracles is passed." But something about faith, it has a source that don't pay attention to that. It doesn't notice it. She might have done pick up the word. He was the word her faith. Hold on to it. They might have laughed at her and said, "But everybody else is going to laugh at you. See how the mockery has come. So why you going there for? Why you shouting for?" And this happened in New York. This happened at your church. And why you want to go there for? And they want to mock and let them mock. God give them chance. We have a rag jamming time coming, you know, to rag jam the the to push the rag inside your mouth. They have to be saying stuff that go when you jam it in your mouth. So they have to shut up. Oh, give the Lord a shout because the manifestation will be in it. You think I'm playing games inside of here? You think I'm playing game with these words? I ain't playing no games. You know, I mean everything I'm preaching inside of here. I believe it with all my heart. Rag jamming time. He said the critic's mouth will be shut. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Taking the whole rag and jamming in the mouth. Take that devil. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. They might have laughed at her. Everybody is going to laugh at you cuz your daughter will be just as sick next year as she is this year. She will still have that devil. She's just as sick. But you didn't pay no attention to that. Faith had a hole. You'll be put out your church if you ever go there. Just remember they will put you out. They will excommunicate you. That didn't mean nothing to her. Faith went over the top of all of that. She was determined to get to Jesus. And when she got to Jesus, she still got a disappointment. Herself, but not of faith. Go give the Lord some praises. It's not fit to take the children's bread and give it to dogs. She got a disappointment, but not her fate. Hallelujah. She felt bad, but her faith didn't feel bad. Her faith was rock steady. Her fate was fixed. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. When she got to Jesus, he said, "I'm not sent to your race." What a flat rejection. I'm not sent to your people. Just think the one that she thought she had too much faith in, he turned her down. I'm not sent to you people. I'm only sent to Israel. You are gentile. I'm not sent to you. And besides that, you are nothing but a dog. And that didn't bother her faith at all. She kept moving on. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. He said, if that been one of us, your denomination, he said, you'll be talking about Emanation. They never hear about him again. Praise God. Jesus said, I'm not sent to your race. I never come for people at all. And you are nothing but dogs. Not need to need to take the children's bread and cast it as dogs. What if that have been a P Methodist or a Baptist or a Presbyterian? You will see that impostor. She know their laid help. She had heard faith up come by hearing your word. She know there was something real. She wasn't a hot out plants. She had to be babyed and betted and come to crop today and we have something serving after service this evening. Next week you're having something and you'll come because you have something serving. No, no, no. Not not that kind of thing. and they get a free Bible and and and they drop back home and shake your hand and get some kind of cake or some kind of not that foolishness. He said, "Watch. No, no wonder you can't hold that sword of faith. No wonder you compromise with the word." You see, the word is a sword, but the sword can't operate by itself. Is it the kind of hand holding the sword? You have to have the faith to handle the sword to cut out what you want. You could ask what you will. You don't either walk sty and stingy, stingy. You're acting little little little like if God have trouble giving things like if God have trouble blessing you need to act bigger than that. You need to have a great expectation brother. She was sturdy. She was really she had something. She held on. What did she do? She admitted he was right. That's a real true faith. She admitted the truth. I'm unworthy of anything. I'm only after the crumbs. And brother Ram said, "I'm a crumb hunter myself. Aren't you?" Amen. This is I just want the crumbs, Lord. I can't have a church like they had at Pentecost. If I can't, Lord, let me just have the crumbs that fall. Peter said, "This is that." And I've always said, "If this isn't that, I'll keep this till that come." Let me say it. Good headstone tabernacle. If this tonight is not that, we keeping this until that comes because this will lead us to that. Oh, give the Lord a shout. I can hear shouting. Okay, the Lord a shout. Praise God. Hallelujah. This will lead us to that. Amen. [Applause] I just keep this till that appears. This is the word. And says, watch, I may not have faith like Enoch to take an afternoon stroll and walk up home with God. But I'll tell you one thing. I will never stand in anybody way that has that much faith. Amen. So why should we let anybody stand our way? We have faith to go into where we going. Amen. We have faith for signs and wonders and miracles. We have faith for another book of acts. We have faith for super church and super race. We have faith for the power of God to come in our midst. We have faith for the opport. We have faith for the supernatural to be in our midst. We have faith to call Jesus on the scene. Glory to God. We have faith to say, "Let the God that answer by fire. Let that God be God." How much ministers have faith to declare that? Oh, glory to God. Instead of hot in the head with a set of coat and a Bible over the head. Oh, give the Lord some praises. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. That why Paul said, "I didn't come to you with eloquence and all that. I come to you with the power and demonstration of the spirit." Why? That your faith may not rest on the wisdom of man, but in the power of God. Oh, give the Lord a shout. When we have all this wisdom and all this kind of thing, people like how the man say it and how they want to express it and how the man teach it and what not. But where is the power of God to deliver the people? Where is the power of God to cast them devils out with the long dress in the message? Where is the power of God to deliver them bullheads from Saturday husband? Oh, give the Lord some praises. Look at me statter tonight. Hallelujah. Give the Lord some praises. So much of bullheads in this message. Don't take half a service to deal with that. I ain't come out to deal with that. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me get out of that street. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Brother Brandham, you got to be willing to take crumbs. He said, "Do you hear it?" Take the crumbs, my brother. Take the crumbs, my sister. Regardless of what he gives you, just receive it. God, thank him. I just got a little bit of faith, but I'm sure going to hold on to that. Thank you for it. I believe that I can be made well. I believe the word of God is right. I'm going to hold right onto this. I am going to be well. You have to say it. If I don't preach about revival, there's no revival coming. You know, we have to preach what we expect. Yes, sir. He just interceded on behalf of our confession. If we don't confess, we are healed. How go we be healed? By your stripes, we will heal. You have to confess it and he can intercede on that behalf. If I don't talk about signs and wonders of miracles and Lord confirm your word, where will be the confirmation come from? I have to say it. God confirm your word with signs, wonders, wonders, and miracles. It's three different things there. Oh, give the Lord a shout. God could give you a miracle tonight. When you go back home, things change completely in your house. [Music] Listen that centurion who tell Jesus he watches long enough. He watch him. He hustle. He hustler. He watching. He watch him. He watching me. Watching me. Watch him. And then he's going to speak. He is speaking by revelation. He's speaking by inspiration. He said, "Lord, I say the one go and he goeth." I say the one come and he cometh because I'm in a position. I see you in a position that you can say go and go. Don't come under my roof. Just speak the word and my servant back home shall be healed. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus couldn't pray. Jesus didn't go his way. When that man was on his way before he reached the house, what time? What time? What time? Was he healed? He was convinced. He knew God is not dead. He knew God was in that man standing there. He knew God is able. He know God can't lie. He said, "What time was that man healed?" When he checked the time, it's the same time Jesus spoke. Oh, get the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. Jesus told the woman for they saying your daughter is delivered from that devil. Right there and then. Your daughter delivered. Give the Lord some praises tonight. You come here bong, you're leaving free. You come here down, you're leaving up. You come here with a battery low, you're leaving your charged 100%. Go give the Lord some praises. You could give the devil some thunder now. The battery was low, but now your battery charge. You get a recharge. Oh, glory to God. They ask for a recharge. Lord, refill us with the Holy Ghost. Send a fresh charge. Help me tonight. [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, give the Lord a shout. I hearing shouts tonight. You're shouting for them who is not here. You're shouting for them who is coming. You're shouting for them who are sick and coming. You're shouting for them who's going to be healed. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Oh, glory to God. This thing eating nice as my brother and green will say. Hallelujah. Glory. You may be seated. She had many hindrances. the bar say in a different way but faith didn't have any entrance. Watch this. said you are Greek but you see that was a Jew you are Greek and you see they were trying to have a race barrier there but faith don't know race barrier so all this race thing is stupidness and you don't have extra devil but you don't like me she might have thought this if he is who he is believe God and so like that well it doesn't matter she was persistent so therefore she that perseverance because she know what she was going after. Do you know what you're going after? Then what hinders thou? What is hindering you tonight? Amen. Do you really know what you're going after? If you don't know what you're going after, nothing nothing matters. You know, this happened that happened. It just happens. You know, it's happening around you. You don't even know why. You don't know why it's happening. Paul knew exactly. He said, "I wanted to come." But Satan hindered us. Daniel knew exactly when Daniel had to pray and the angel Gabriel had to come. He was intercepted. Oh, glory to God. And Daniel kept on praying and brother Brandham said if Daniel stopped, the angel had to stop. So your prayer bringing angels. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Your prayer bringing deliverance. Your prayer summoning breakthrough. Give the Lord some praises tonight. Am I preaching to the house tonight? Glory to God. That devil was trying to hinder the angel Gabriel from coming to Daniel. But Daniel was persevering and his prayer of faith was pulling that angel until the angel bust through. He had to get assistance. Oh, his realm of demon power we talking about. Okay. The Lord, Sister June. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's realms of demon power. That's why the Bible said we wrestled against flesh and blood but against principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places. We are fighting tonight but we bust through tonight. Oh, we had a breakthrough here tonight. We can say this is a breakthrough service. Can't wait to see what Sunday going to hold. Oh, give the Lord a shout. Hallelujah. I feel like dancing a dancing ahead of Sunday. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me finish here. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Mercian speak to come up. Talking about Lazarus. If you only believe, you shall see the glory of God. That faith overcomes death. Faith is the victory overcomes death. Faith is the victory over sin. Faith is the victory over sickness. Faith is the victory over worry. Faith is the victory over frustrations. Faith is the victory over the world. Faith, not your tears, not your emotions, and how you feel when you feel God more. That's your God have nothing with your feelings. God nothing with you and your flesh. You know, God have a word that you could challenge him on. You could challenge God on his word. You can say, "God, you promise. If my people that are called by my name shall humble themselves and turn from their wicked ways, then you're going to hear from heaven and you're going to heal our land. God, you can't lie. You promise if I humble myself. Oh God, you're going to raise me up. You promise if I pray in secret that you're going to reward me openly. Oh, give the Lord a you could rest on your promises." When the devil tell you head to poverty and you're going to be like a vegan in the street, tell the devil. David said, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed beg bread. I ain't begging no bread." Oh, give the Lord some praises. That's not my calling. Hallelujah. Watch that. So, you get it now? Faith is the victory over debt, over sin, over sickness, over worry, over frustration. Faith is the victory over the world. How is it faith right above it? When we have the written word of God laying before us and the Holy Spirit here performing and showing the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, what you have to believe it, not make believe faith, real faith. Now faith is a conqueror. Faith is a overcomer. You see that's why the woman could stand there and say truth Lord she moving you know now. Now they gone you know that the last service I come back to. People come here already and they say the people who invite them tell me about them. it come back again only to find I know nothing about the person but the Holy Spirit pick up the spirit speak certain things and they want to know if the person that invite them tell me about them watch faith is a conqueror faith is the overcomer it's not just a peacemaker it overcomes faith is the victory overcome the world what does it do what is faith faith is a conqueror conquer and victory is the same to conquer means to beat down, to override, to handcuff, to throw into prison. It means that the sin that must rule you, you rule it now. You don't want to stop sinning, you know. No, you want to conquer it. You want to arrest it. You want to handcuff it. You want to send it in prison. Oh, give the Lord some praises. It means that the sin that once ruled you, you rule it now. It means you have overcome. You have whipped it. He said, "I feel religious right now." Oh, give the Lord a shout. Faith in what? Not faith in your church. Not faith in your creed. Not faith in some man. But faith in Jesus Christ who made the promise. That's the victory. What is it? Is the victory. Say, "My arm is still crippled, but faith is the victory. I still feel sick, but faith is a victory. It overcomes the world." And when you climb into God by prayer, until you seen the thing conquered under you, there is nothing can hurt you. Then you have overcome. You got 50 miles of elbow room. You are sailing free. Then you who have been drunken and slave to whiskey. You'll be a master over him. Then that old devil of alcohol that made you drink, you you you he's your master. No. But when you get faith, I don't mean make believe in real faith. He's your servant then. You who can't lay down tobacco. You woman and woman when it comes to a place where you get to a spot where you have to overcome, you must master it. And then you know the story, I'm going to skip it about a little woman. She was smoking and she come up and get prayer and go back and smoke and get back. She cry, she beg. She But what I'm said, you see just emotional fight in the air. Won't do any good. One night down she went to the doctor. Doctor say cancer, smoking, cigarette. She's laying there to die. Then she get out of business. See a drunking man will reach for a straw and the woman got delivered because she recognized cancer and death is the same sentence. The same sentence and she didn't want to go back that that sentence. She didn't want to be in that. Guess what? She get completely delivered. Stop smoking cancer. Go on. Oh, glory. So God send lose that cancer to wake her up. Sometime God sends to wake you up. You know because you dull dull dull dull dull. But oh God, tonight let's all stand. I want God to stir your spirit up. Oh, glory to God. Father God, I thank you tonight for your presence, for the anointing, for the liberty, for the freedom that we feel of your spirit. Stir up your sons and daughters. Stir up the elders, the deacons, the trustees. Stir up the believers. Stir up the technical people. Oh God, from the ushers, Father, from the car park attendants, serve each one, Father, that they will come here and start a revival. May it start in their home. May it start tonight. And when we come on Sunday, may we have a super a super anointing break forth in this church. Granted, God in Jesus name I ask it. Amen. God bless you. Thanks again for coming tonight. Praise the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Let's give him praise tonight. Give him glory. Give him honor. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, are the joy bells ringing? Do you know? Oh, hallelujah. There's promises just up the road. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Turn around and greet your brother. Turn around and greet your sister. Praise God. Amen. Oh, burn, burn, Holy Spirit, burn me. Oh, set my soul on fire. Oh, and fill me with the Holy Ghost. Oh, and God's full desire. Oh, and make me love the Christ of all. Oh, healing and raising the dead. Oh, give me the power that Jesus had. Oh, through the blood that was shed. Oh, singing burn. Holy Spirit burn. Oh, set my soul on fire. Oh, baby. The Holy Ghost and God's firm. Oh, the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And make me like God Christ. Oh, healing and raising the dead. Oh, give me a power that Jesus had. Oh, through the blood that burn, burn, Holy Spirit, burn, burn. Burn me. Oh, set my soul on fire. Oh, and fill me with the Holy Ghost. Oh, and God's firm desire. Oh, and make the crust of hope. Oh, healing and raising the dead. Oh, and give me the power that Jesus had. Oh, through the blood. Give the Lord a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Burn, burn, Holy Spirit. Burn, burn, Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Oh, burn me. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, send on the power and make me a light the Christ humble. Oh, healing and raising the dead. Oh, give me well. Give me the power that Jesus had. Oh, through the blood that was shed. One more time. Make me. Oh, and make me like the Christ of gold. Oh, healing and raising the dead. Oh, and give me the power that Jesus had. Oh, through the blood that was shed. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, as the brothers get ready to bring their ti offering. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, do you appreciate the word of God tonight? You appreciate the ministry of the spirit. Oh, hallelujah. That is here to quicken the word to us to make it alive. Oh, he promised to rebuild the church again under the power of the spirit. God's going to form and build a bride on the earth once more. Amen. She'll stand just like that former church. Oh my. Do you appreciate the word of God tonight? Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. So, let's bow our heads. Amen. As we bring the t you offering before the Lord. Almighty God, we are grateful tonight, Lord, for your promises. We are grateful tonight, Lord. Lord, that you have been our help, Lord, ever in time of trouble. Father, Lord, we come to just give back to you, Father, in tithes and offerings. Pray you bless it, Lord. We pray you use it for your gospel, Lord. And we pray you bless your people Lord as they give. May you provide for them in Jesus name. We pray and ask these things. Amen and amen. Praise God. You may keep for that song. Shut in with God in a secret place. Praise God. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, shut in with God in a secret place. born there in the spirit beholding his face. Oh, and gain. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to run in this race. Oh, I long to be shouting with God. Oh, shouting with God in a secret place. Oh, and there in the spirit beholding his face. Oh, and gaining new power to run in the race. Oh, how I long to be shut in with God. Oh, one more time. Oh, sh. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, in a secret place. Oh, and there in the spirit beholding his face. Oh gate in your power to run in this race. Oh, I long to be shing with God. Oh, lift your hand and worship him now. Oh, hallelujah. Let's get shut in tonight. Oh, examine yourselves. Pull the veil behind you. Oh, check out your hindrances tonight. Oh, let nothing hinder you, Lord. Oh, search yourselves. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Go beyond your limits. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, how I long to be shattered with God. Oh, I want to live the way Jesus wants me to live. I'm going to give until then. Just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no love. And I could never never out love the Lord. Oh, one more time. Oh, I'm going to live the way that Jesus wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love till there's just no more love. I can never never outlive the Lord. Amen. Let's just praise him one more time as you get ready to close. Oh, lift your hand and worship him tonight and just thank him. Thank him for his word, his promises, his love expressed to us through his word. Oh, through his servant. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh hallelujah. Let us bow our heads now as we want to pray and close out the service. Almighty God, we thank you tonight, Lord, to be in this place, to be in this this tabernacle tonight, to hear this word tonight, oh God, hindrances. Lord, how you expanded it, Lord, and how you showed us, Lord, Father, through the scripture, Lord, and through your prophet, the reveal word, Lord. And Lord, we thank you for your grace upon our lives that we could see, Lord, what you're calling us to, Father. A great work, Lord. Something that you want to build in us, oh God, Father. Lord, may you remove all the hindrances tonight. Lord, we see what you have called us to, oh God, by revelation of your word and your scriptures there, God, Father. Lord, we want to be, Lord, worthy of this call, oh God, Father. Call to perfection, a call to the resurrection, oh God. Lord, may make us ready, Lord. Make us fit servants, Lord. Try us, Lord. Father, Lord, make us and mold us, Lord, Father. shape us if you have to. But Lord, we want to be ready, Lord, to catch that stone, Lord, that the the the cornerstone will become the headstone, Father, capping off the pyramid of our lives, Lord. Oh, we thank you for your finished work in our lives, by faith. We believe that you will complete it, dear, God. Lord, we just surrender ourselves to your process, Lord, that you would take us through, Lord. Not not over, not around, but take us through tonight. all the all the muck and the mayiah father that we could come out gold tonight father grant it almighty god bless your servant tonight father we are so grateful tonight lord for the your our pastor brother coming in here and preaching this word to us and uh the labor father to bring it lord uh lord and how we thank you for it father lord and we just pray now that your spirit would come and and and move and and minister and and do what we cannot do Father, but make it uh real in our lives, Father, and cement it, Lord, in such a way that people will look upon us, and say, uh uh uh uh did not our hearts burn within us as he spoke to us by the way. Is not that this uh the spirit of God flowing freely upon the people? Oh, we want to be our testimonies in the last days of the spirit of God flowing freely. Lord, may you move upon your church one more time. Bless those that are here. Bless those that were on the internet listening. Lord be with them, bless them, touch them and heal them. Bring us back on the appointed time, Lord, to worship and praise your name. In Jesus name we pray. Amen and amen. Blessed be your holy name. Praise God. Wonderful. Let's just have our seats as we're dismissed. You give us a key for a song as we close out just to give a gentle reminder as to Friday and we'll be having the prayer service at 8 on Zoom. looking forward to seeing you there online. And then of course we'll be having two services on Sunday um 10 and 3:00 in the afternoon for communion service by the grace of God. Amen. So God bless you as we get ready to uh to close out or as you usher out to come. Praise God. We appreciate that. Amen. I'll go with him. with him all the way. And where he leads me, I will follow. There he leads me on will follow. God bless you. Where he live? [Music] Oh, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
