################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-07 - United Under One Head ( Extract) Communion Service - Prophet William Branham - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-07
Title:   United Under One Head ( Extract) Communion Service - Prophet William Branham
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Headstone Tabernacle
Type:    Tape Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cB7cgU7YyI
========================================

Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Praise the Lord. He is my all. He is my everything. He is my everything. Both great and small. He gave his life for me. Made everything new. He is my everything. How about you all? He is my everything. He is my [Music] all. He is both great and small. He gave his life everything new. He is my everything. Now how about you? Praise Lemon for Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Oh, we worship you this evening. Blessed be your wonderful name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Savior. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Praise God. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Saints, let's turn to our Bibles to Psalms chapter 25 1-6. Amen. Praise God. Unto thee, oh Lord, do I lift up my soul. Oh my God, I trust in thee. Let me not be ashamed. Let not my enemies triumph over me. Yay, let none that wait on thee be ashamed. Let them be ashamed which transgress without a cause. Show me thy ways, O Lord, and teach me thy paths. Lead me in thy truth and teach me, for thou art the God of my salvation. On thee do I wait all the day. Verse six. Remember, oh Lord, thy tender mercies and thy loving kindnesses. For they have been ever of old. Praise the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Let's just raise your hands wherever you are this evening. Just close your eyes and welcome his presence. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Thank you Savior. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Praise God. Heavenly Father, we are thankful one more time to be here another time in your presence. Lord, pray you come down in a special way this evening. Father, anoint the hearts of your people. Anoint your word to our ears to our hearts. Lord, may mental faith become spiritual faith this evening. Supernatural faith, Father. And Lord God, may our lives be changed and transformed. Bless, Lord God, the communion service, the Lord's supper as we would, oh God, fellowship one with the other. Father, Lord, may the worship be anointed and inspired, inspiring, Lord. May the word, Lord, comfort in power, Lord, and may we never be the same again. These mercies we ask in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen and amen and amen. Praise God. Give the Lord a hand of praise this evening. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Come and go with me. Amen. Praise God. Thank you, [Music] Lord. Come and go with me. me to my father's house. To my father's house. To my father's house. [Music] Oh, there is peace. Peace. Peace. Oh, come and go with me. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to my father's house. Sing and come and go with me. [Music] Oh, oh, there is peace. Sweet peace. King Jesus. Oh, King Jesus will be there in my hallelujah. Oh, glory in my father's house. Oh, King Jesus will be there. [Music] Where there's peace, peace, peace. One more time. Come and go. Sing hallelujah to my father's house. Glory. Hallelujah to my father's house. Sing and come. Oh, glory to my father's house. Where there's peace, peace, peace, sweet, I am delivered. Praise the Lord. I am delivered. Glory. Oh, I was in the valley of death. I am delivered. Oh, praise. Oh, praise him this evening. I am delivered. Oh, I am delivered. Oh, glory to his name. I was lost in sin in the I am delivered. Oh, praise. Oh, and soon and very soon we are. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon we are. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon. Oh hallelujah. We are going to see the soon and very soon. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon we are. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon. Oh, hallelujah. We are going. Oh, and no more crying. There we are. Oh, no more crying. There we are. Hallelujah. No more crying. There we are. [Music] Oh hallelujah we are going. No more sickness there. Oh no more sickness there. Hallelujah. We are going to see the king. Oh glory. We are. Oh halleluah. Oh one more time. No more dying there. Oh, no more dying there. We [Music] are. Glory. We are. Hallelujah. No more dying. There we are. Hallelujah. We are going to see the Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh praise the name of the Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Are you living for that day? Amen. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. Thank you Lord. This world is not our home. Amen. Praise God. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes as the brothers get ready for the tithe and offering. Hold to God's exchange unchanging hand. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Father, we are at this time posing Lord to pick up the tithes in the offering. We pray Lord that you would sanctify it and bless it Lord as it is collected Lord and may it be used for your honor and your glory. We commit it back now into your hands in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Amen. Any brothers could come forward. Amen. [Music] There. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh brother, hold to God's unchanging hand. We will hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Let [Music] us time is filled singing. Time is filled with swift not of earth. Not of earth or moon can stand. Fill your hopes. Sing and build your hopes on things. Hold to God's hold to God's son. Trust in him who will not leave you. Oh, trust in him who will not leave. Whatsoever yes may bring. Whatsoever yes. If my earthly friends forsaken. If my earthly friends still more closely to him cling. Still more closely to her cling. Cover it. Not this world's been riches. Co not this world that so rapidly decay that so rapidly seek to gain the heavenly treasures. Oh, seek to gain the heavenly trust. They will never pass away. Oh, and they will never. When your journey is completed, sing when your journey is. If to God you have been true, so if to God you have fear and bright the home in glory. Oh, and fear and bright the home in glory. Your in rapture soul will view. Oh, you're in rapture soul of view. Oh to God's unchanging hope to God's unchanging hand. Singing oh to God's unchanging hand. We will Oh hallelujah. Eternal eternal. Oh to God. Just one more time. Oh to God's unchanging [Music] hand. Changing hand. Oh hold to God's unchanging. And we will build our hope someday eternal love. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. How many you going to hold this evening? Hold to his hand. Amen. Amen. So we want to switch over now to a message from prophet. Amen. United under one head. Amen. So God bless you. Amen. As we brother Shane switch over. Amen. Praise the Lord. Moment of prayer. Oh God, our father, we thank thee again tonight for the privilege that we have of assembling ourselves together in praying. Thou has promised that you would hear from heaven and would answer our prayers and would heal the land. And God, if there ever was a land that needed healing, it's the land that we live in. And we pray that you will heal it by sending an old-fashioned revival that will cure it of its diseases, its spiritual ailments. Grant it, Lord. Thou has given us plenty of food, good clothes. But oh, how we long to hear the word of the Lord. Thou is said in the word there would come a famine in these days and people would run from the north to the south and from from coast to coast seeking to hear the word of God and would fail to find it. Oh God, anoint your ministers aresh. Lord, may we get out into the field with the word. Plank the real word. If there's no word, no seed sowed, there will be no harvest. Give us strength now while it is day that we might sew the seed of life to the dying and perishing millions. For we ask that in his name and for his glory. [Music] Amen. You may be seated. Those little handkerchiefs like that. That's perfectly all right to lay them up here. We have pray over them and we will have a great blessing of doing it and God has always honored it. Such little simple things as praying over a handkerchief. There's a young man here, a minister's brother's son from South Africa who was in my meetings down there. And I was at Cape Town and we had about eight big grass sacks full of mail. We didn't have time to minister to each and I was praying over those sack fulls of mail and the paper said brother Brandon is rather superstitious. He was praying over the mail. It's scripture to do so. It's the word of the Lord. Now tonight I want to try to get out early. I kept you late last night and I'm I'm sorry if I cause you to miss your buses and so forth. Now, tomorrow night, if the Lord is willing, I want to preach on the subject of the handwriting on the wall and the signs of the time. And then Friday night I want to preach on the subject if the Lord willing. Will the church go before the tribulation period? Yes or no? Then Sunday afternoon I want to preach on the subject will the eagle as the eagle stirs her nest and flutth over her young. I got to drive home Friday night. I'm bringing Mrs. Brandom and the children up. It's closed. It's only about 140 mi home. They don't get to see any of the meetings. And I'm fixing to go to Africa right away. And I just had a great message today that just thrilled my heart of about five nations sent word to me today for and there great men of the nations. They're calling for the ministry that's what would save their nation from communism. Oh, I was so happy to hear that. I was in one of the nations not long ago and a little baby died that morning at 9:00. And that night at about 10:00 when I finally got to the platform, the Lord God gave a vision of this little lady and her little baby come to life and it was healed. And all when that struck the papers the next day and the following night there was 20,000 at one time gave their hearts to the Lord Jesus. This young man Mr. Toms sitting here he's somewhere I see spotted him a while ago. I wonder Tommy if you were in the Durban meeting when 30,000 got saved. Was you up there that time at the meeting? You wasn't there but you heard of it. I think your father was there. Tommy was just a little boy then. He's over here in Bible school now. And he was 30,000 blanket natives received Christ as personal savior at one time. Oh, God is so good, isn't he? I want to take a subject tonight that the Lord put on my heart today and unite it under one head. And I want to read for some scripture back in Genesis the 11th chapter and just the phase of the sixth verse. And the Lord said, "Behold, the people is one." Now, may he add his blessings to the reading of his word. The people is one. Now, Genesis means the beginning. And everything that there is today had that is had its beginning. And everything that there is began in Genesis. Remember life began in Genesis. Death began in Genesis. And all thoughts begin in Genesis. Right and wrong all begin in Genesis. If you study the scriptures real closely, you'll find out that even the isms and the cults of today had their beginning in Genesis. If you'll just watch Nimrod and and the different ones in the scripture, all them isms that we have today begin in Genesis. Now, today they polish it up and make it look like something else, but it's still that old evil spirit. If you'll watch the nature of it and the way it acts, you know, a few years ago when I was just a little boy, I was lived in the time of prohibition and they had old Charlie Barley Corn they called me. Many of you can remember that hideous looking person, his hat all caved in, his sto shoe shoulders stooped over, and such a horrible looking critter he was. That was Charlie Barnacorn. But you know, today he's become a polished up man. He ain't no more in the little brown jug and out on the corner where the red light district is. He lives in a bumper in everybody's ice box. But he's still Charlie Barleyorn just the same same old evil one. The Bible said, God in the Bible said, "My spirit will not always strive with man." And Jesus said in Matthew 24, "As it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of Man." Did you notice the spirit of God was striving with man? Not man striving to know the spirit of God, but it was the spirit of God striving to get to man. And oh, how it parallels today. The spirit of God is striving with man. And I wonder if God doesn't think just about like he did in those times. It grieved him that he ever made man to see how rebellious man can be against his spirit and his program and his way of life for man and women. Now we see now in our text tonight that man had united themselves together and they had come from the east going west and they come to the valley of Shina. Civilization has always traveled from the east to the west. I wished I only had time. I like to speak on a message. When the east and the west meets, what happens? And it's already met. The east and west has met together. Man has traveled with the going down of the sun because he is a perishing creature. He's going with the sun rises and travels westward. Now the east and the west has met and as he goes on he gains knowledge all the time until now the wheel is turning backward again. Now we see that as they travel they come to this fair land and they united themselves as one people and that's all right but they hadn't united under the wrong leadership. They hadn't united under the leadership of man. And God wants man to unite under the leadership of himself. He wants us to be one. But he wants to be the one with us. But man wants his fellow man to be his leader and unite under the wisdom of his fellow man. And it is very striking to see how that man wants to be one. The reason that he wants to be one is because that God designed him for that purpose. God designed man, made him up to be one, to work together, to cooperate together. That's the makeup of man. That's the way God made him. But man always wants to have his idea about it. He wants to project something that God never intended him to do. He wants to figure his own ways out. He wants to make his own plans. He won't accept the plan that God made for him. because it's his fallen nature. God told him in the Garden of Eden that the very minute that he even touched that tree that trouble was in the road. But man taken from that tree and he become a scientific worker. And the very first bite that he took, he separated himself from his savior or his creator. And so is it tonight that man still lives by that tree. And there's no way in the world for a man to be saved by that tree. And why do we put so much emphasis on scientific research? How to save ourselves? To make a bomb that's better than Russia's to make a plane that can fly faster. Trying to save ourselves. Knowledge will never save you. It takes you farther away from God all the time. There's only one way of salvation. That's back to the tree of life. Knowledge isn't even even isn't in the picture. It's back to the tree of life. There was two trees. One was knowledge, the other was life. As long as a man ate from this tree, he lived. When he bit from that tree, he died. But you see, it's his nature to try to do something to save himself. There's not one thing that you can do to save yourself. Man said to me one time, he said, "Oh, I sought God and I sought God." I listened at him for a few moments and I said, "Sir, I don't want to disagree with you, but I have to. You never did seek God." And no man never did. It isn't man seeking God. It's God seeking man. It wasn't God going up and down the garden saying, "Adam, Adam, where art thou?" It wasn't man going up and down the garden saying, "God, God, where art thou?" It was God calling Adam. And God said in his word, "No man can come to me except my father draws him first. You're seeking to find what's drawing you, but it's God has to draw first. Amen. The scripture says that. And how true it is. But we find out here that they had united under one great leader. And when you get man under leadership of man, then he gets some ideas of his own. trying to achieve something that he can design or do himself and Nimrod had built them a tower. And it's very strange to think that how that all the things that the devil has, he stole the copyright from God to make it. Satan cannot create it. Satan is no creator. He's a perverter of something God created. That's the reason that there is no one that knows his Bible or knows God that would say that the devil can heal. Healing is creation. And if the devil can create, he could create himself a world and some people. But he cannot create. He perverts what God has created. What is unrighteousness? It's righteousness perverted. Everything that you see that's wrong, just do absent and you'll be right. For unrighteousness is righteousness perverted. then you've got the right to. And remember that anything that man does that's outside the plan of God, it's perverted. No matter how good it looks, it's still perverted because God's got his original idea and he gave it to man and man wants to make something of his own self. He wants to have something to do to it. Israel made its greatest mistake in the 19th chapter of Exodus after grace had provided a sacrifice. Grace had provided a savior, Moses. Grace had provided a deliverance. And yet they wanted something to do themselves. Give us the law. And they never did keep it. and they couldn't keep it. But it's all falls back to its God who does all good things. United under one head, the wrong head. Did you notice the devil always wants to use a man's head? Give him some knowledge. How many people go to choose their minister? the one who's coming to your church. Oh, he has a a PhD. Oh, he's just the guy for our church. I'd rather have a man that didn't know his ABCs and know God. But you see, you think it's because he's got an education. He looks at the eye. Now, that's the same lie that the devil told Eve. He said it is pleasant to the eye and the eye always is by the head and all that it is is death dressed up. It's garbage with a little whipped cream over the top of it. That's right. They'll see these pictures along our roads of lovely young women standing saying we smoke Chesterfields and it makes the young woman today want to be like that because she wants to be popular. Why? It's the same lie and the same liar behind it, the devil that makes sin look pleasant. It's only death dressed up. And they'll put some kind of a sign board out of some little lady nice looking and some kind of a little immoral looking clothes and she thinks, "Oh, that's just pretty. It's looking at it through the eye, but it's death dressed up. That's all it is. Death formed in the form of beauty. And remember, beauty is deceitful. It was Satan's idea to make a better and a more prettier kingdom than Michael's. Beauty was the downfall to begin with. And the devil has used that ever since. What a thing it is today to see that the kingdom of the devil is made so pretty. A lot of people fall for it. Now remember, the devil is religious. Many people likes to go down to a church that's got great big high steeple on it and seats that's so plush. No wonder the preacher can't preach but 15 minutes you'd go to sleep in such a place and with a great big milliondoll pipe organ and with the pastor with his collar button in the back and a long robe on with some kind of a little ear tickling something of some society or about some politics. Well, we don't want that. the real child of God if he has to stand on the street corner or in a little old mission and hear the word of God preached in the power and demonstrations of the Holy Ghost. But it's science. It's man's organization. Man organizes himself. Oh, how good it is to hear sometime the people say, "I am a Presbyterian. I am a Methodist." Not slamming you, my brethren. I'm only trying to show a truth. But if you had to say you were Pentecostal, it would dampen your spirit. And that kind of a spirit ought to be dampened. [Music] You say it kills the spirit. Well, any spirit that could be killed by the name of Pentecost ought to be killed. That's right. Pentecost is not an organization. Pentecost is an experience that comes to all the born again church. Oh, I know that man's tried to organize it and have did it. They've organized a group of people, but they can't organize Pentecost. [Applause] Pentecost goes to Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, or whoever wants it. But they make an organization out of it. That's man, the devil working on his head. Something that he has to see. Our denomination is bigger than the other fellows. Can't you see that old devil? Don't die. It lives on. We are greater than somebody else. A little girl, she looks like she was an alcoholic and she was in one of the greatest Protestant churches in the States the other day giving a testimony. And the people wept when she told them how that she had been brought from a drunkard's grave where five of the best doctors in the nation said she's hopeless. The AA alcoholic synonymous give her up as a hopeless case. And when she come to the platform, the Holy Spirit said, "Rosella Griffin, you are an alcoholic." and so and so and such and things has happened. But thus saith the Lord and she was delivered. She gave her testimony. The people wept and after a while somebody said, "Oh, she was a darling child, but she's Pentecostal." Don't you see that old man made greeneyed devil? Amen. Oh, you can't polish it up. It's still sin and unbelief. I don't care if it was a Jehovah witness or any other kind of a witness. As long as God's there, I'll be with him. Correct? When God moves in the spirit, his children moves with him. Someone's recorder. I'm sorry. I'm not excited, but I feel real religious. Oh, there's just something about it gets all over you. The work, not all over you, but all in you. It moves every little fiber inside of you. Man works by his head and looks by his eye. See the devil said to the woman, "Oh, the tree is pleasant." She said, "It's good to look at." See that same devil, if he can get you to stop just for a minute, he can make you reason it out. He can make you think with your mind. But God doesn't use the man's head. God uses his part. God works on his heart while the devil works on his head. God chose the heart. The Bible said, "As a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he." there. Some time ago, years ago, the scientists said, "Well, God sure made a mistake there because there is no mental faculties in the human heart to think with." Yeah, he meant your head. If God would have meant head, he'd have said head. But he said heart, so I believe he meant heart. Amen. Then you know about 5 years ago I was in Chicago I seen a great piece in the headlines of the paper where that science had found that in the human heart not the animal heart in the human heart there's a little compartment that doesn't even have a blood cell in it. It was the abiding place of the soul. So man does think with his heart. After all, God was right. And we'll find out every time that God is right. He thinks with his head, but he believes in his heart. Now the devil thinks through his mind to show him something with his eye, but his heart will make him believe something that would be impossible to look at because it's the faith that he has in his heart. He believes with his heart for things that he can't see. And the devil turns around and takes his head and makes him scientifically prove something. and his heart turns around and denies it. Oh, if we could get away from our head knowledge and head religion to heart religion where God could go to work in the church out of our head into our heart. A man believes in his heart. He thinks with his head believes in his heart. Now the mind reason things. The heart doesn't reason at all. It just believes what God said. But you see today we're so scientific. Oh, we Americans anyhow. We are so scientific. It has to be all proved out to us. In the old days when someone said the Lord did a miracle, they just believed it. They thought that's all right. Thank the Lord for it. But today, oh, we've got the scientific take it down and prove it. And if it can be proved scientifically, then it's not faith anymore. Oh, I hope you get that. If it's scientific, it isn't faith anymore. What if Moses would have said, "Wait a minute here. Let me stop for a minute. What kind of a chemical spray has been put on that tree? Them leaves are on fire, but they're not burning. You know what I'll do when it quits burning? I'll pick off some of those leaves and take them down to the laboratory and I'll have them uh the chemicals analyzed and just find out what kind of a scientific thing this is. If he would have had that kind of a thought, God would have never said, "Take off your shoes." What did he do? He walked up humbly. He didn't care what the fire how it was burning or where the tree burnt up or not. He was searching for God. And every other child of God will believe it the same way. He heard a voice that said, "Take off your shoes, Moses. You're on holy ground. If you go down to the meeting tonight, and you come down to find some kind of a fault, the people make too much noise, the preacher preaches too long, I can scientifically tell you there's people there that's weary, they ought to stay up that long at night, go ahead. But those who come with their shoes on, with their head knowledge left behind and a heart open for God, you'll hear a voice say, "I am the resurrection and the life." I'll go down to count how many members of my church attended that revival and I'll hurry right back to tell the pastor that our good Presbyterian Methodist Baptist brethren are down there. What a disgrace. Well, there you go again. Back with the head. God deals with the heart. Now, the reason that that little compartment that's in your heart, God molded you that way. That was for a purpose. That little place in your heart, all the rest of your body belong to him, to you. But that heart belongs to God. that God made himself a little room in there so he could sit in the controlling tower that he could guide. Blessed be his holy name. Oh, if we would let him be the pilot and the Holy Ghost the co-pilot, [Music] we would be guided over this sea of life. It's his control room. But what did man do? He listened to his fellow man and accepted the devil in there and the devil come into it and he guides him to the things that he can see. God guides him to the things that he say. No wonder people can't believe in divine healing with the devil sitting up there saying, "Don't you believe it?" Yes, Mr. Devil. That's right. But God sits in the heart and makes his word real to everyone that believes it. Though it may not come to pass, maybe they can't do it, but they believe it anyhow because God said so. Abraham when he was told he's going to have a baby by Sarah, she was 65 years old then and he was 75. What a ridiculous sight. An old man 65 or 75 and a woman 65 going downtown buying up all the pins and the bird eyee. I want to have the baby. Well, what do you think the doctor would have thought? It said, "Sir, we want to make arrangements for the baby." Ever had one before? No. How old are you, Sarah? 65. What? How old are you, Abraham? 75. What you doing with all those little booties and things? We're going to have a baby. Oh, I can scientifically prove to you she's 20 years of past menopause. Why, you're ignorant. But Abraham called those things which were not as though they were because God said so. [Applause] And as the years went by, he got stronger. The first 30 days, Abraham said, "Sarah, how you feeling, honey?" No different. Bless God, we'll have it anyhow. Right? The first year passed, Sarah, how you feeling, honey? No different. Praise God. We'll have it anyhow. 20 years pass. How you feeling, Sarah? No different. Praise God. We'll have it anyhow. Why? God said so. It wasn't in his head. It was in his heart. God don't speak in the head. He speaks in the heart. That's where God lives. But if God's on the throne, he stirs you. He makes you go and see the things that he wants you to see. And you turn your eyes from things that the devil talks about. You stay right with God. Oh, how and we being Abraham's children. The Bible said that we being dead in Christ take on Abraham's seed and we're heirs according to the promise and we can't believe God for 25 minutes. And Abraham believed him for 25 years and then had to take the child up to kill it to confirm the oath again. And then we're the children of Abraham. I wonder sometime if we were the children of Abraham, we'd have Abraham's faith in God and would call the things contrary to God's word as though they were already happened. If we were the children of Abraham. Now, I know this is rude, friends, but it's true. Now, we notice then God takes the heart. He takes control. Now when sin came in and upset your heart and and the devil come in and thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you father for your word oh God in due season. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your wonderful name. Thank you father. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh praise your wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Now, we're going to switch over to the Lord's Supper. So, let's turn to our Bibles at this time to First Corinthians chapter 11. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Heavenly Father, we pray bless the reading of the scriptures Lord and bless this portion of the service Lord in Jesus name. Amen. 1 Corinthians chapter 11 [Music] 23-32. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread, and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as oft as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he comes. Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself. And so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and close our eyes. Amen. Our heavenly father, Lord, your people have gathered this evening, Lord, to fellowship around your word and Lord to obey the ordinance of feet washing and and communion. Lord, partaking of the bread and wine, a symbol of the body and blood of the Lord Jesus. Father, I pray Lord that you would sanctify our hearts and cleanse our hearts, Lord, by your precious blood. Lord, may our hearts burn with love for you, Lord. burn with the fire of God, Lord, that we would become better Christians, Lord, true believers, Lord, that a revival spirit will spark off in the lives and homes of the believers, Father. Lord, may it start even this evening, Father. Lord, that and we will grow in your love, Lord, and this and get in the spirit of the coming of the Lord, Father. Lord, as we partake now, Lord, to of your your bread and wine, Lord, may you touch each one, Lord. May you heal, may you strengthen your people, Father. And Lord, as we would wash one another's feet, Lord, may we do it with humility and the spirit of love and brotherhood, Father. We commit our lives now into your hands, Father, and the entire congregation in Jesus name with thanksgiving. Amen. And amen. We want to observe a moment of silence where you would pray for the ministry and the ministry would pray for you at this time. Praise the name of the Lord. So at this time you may be seated as the deacons and the elders get ready to serve. Praise the name of the Lord. His brothers the back.
