################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-22 - The Rise And Fall Of King Saul (Bible Study) - Bro. Isaac Ovid - Isaac Ovid.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-22
Title:    The Rise And Fall Of King Saul (Bible Study) - Bro. Isaac Ovid
Speaker:  Isaac Ovid
Church:   Headstone Tabernacle
Type:     Bible Study
Duration: 1h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj8qrEnyDxU
========================================

Description:
This teaching was given on Friday 22nd August 2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
one more time. Amen. And we want to thank God for his grace tonight. Let's just bow our heads as we want to pray and officially start tonight. So, everyone's joining in. Amen. God bless you. Let's just pray. Oh, gracious heavenly father. Lord, we thank you tonight for your grace and mercy, Lord. Your loving kindness, your tender mercies, Father. Lord, we thank you for your spirit, your presence be with us, Lord, throughout the week, Lord, and we just thank you for your your Holy Spirit, Lord. Your your guiding light, Lord, Father, your word, which is a lamp onto our feet, Lord, a light onto our path tonight, Lord, tonight as we come into this virtual setting. We come to feast on your word tonight, Lord. We come to Lord talk about you Lord to Lord to to think about you father tonight Lord Jesus to ponder on your word to concentrate on you father Lord for a few moments we pray oh God that your presence would come down in a special way and bless each one tonight Lord as we gather together around your word. Pray your presence will come around each heart and mind here tonight Lord and bless us as we as we feast on your word as we feast on your presence Lord. May you help us and edify us as well. And Lord, help us to know you, oh God, Father, to understand your ways, Lord Jesus, that we might please you, Father. Granted, Almighty God, bless your people in a special way tonight. We pray and ask it in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Let's just lift our hands right where we are and just give him praise tonight. Give Jesus praise for his mercy and for his grace. Hallelujah. Jesus. Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee will bow and tongue proclaim. Jesus, Jesus, you are savior, you are lord, and you are God. Oh, singing Jesus. Oh Jesus. At the mention of your name every knee will bow to proclaim. Oh Jesus. Jesus you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. Oh, there is a name I love to hear. I love to sing. It's worth it. Sounds like music in my head. Sweetest name on the earth. Oh Jesus. Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee will bow and tongue proclaim. Oh Jesus, Jesus you are savior, you are Lord and you are God. One more time. Oh sing Jesus. Jesus [Music] at the mention of your name every knee will bow and tongue proclaim. Oh Jesus Jesus [Music] you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. [Music] Oh you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Many, many men. Do you love him tonight? Thank you, Jesus. Let's talk about Jesus. A king of kings is he. The lord of lords supreme all throughout eternity. Oh the great I am the way, the truth, the light, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Oh, let's talk about Jesus, the king of kings is king. Oh, the Lord of lords, supreme, all throughout eternity. Oh, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the dawn. Oh, let's talk about Jesus more and more. Well, let's talk about Jesus. Oh, the King of Kings. Is he the Lord of lords supreme all throughout eternity? Oh, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Oh, let's talk about Jesus more and more. Oh, let's sing about Jesus. Oh, the King of Kings is he. Oh, the Lord supreme. Oh, throughout eternity, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus. More and more. Oh, is the original life. Oh, the original seed. Oh, the original word. Oh, that's what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven se will be unveiled. Is the original life. Oh, is the original sea. Well, oh the original life. The original sea. Oh, is the original word. Oh, that's what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven sins will be unveiled. The original life is the original se. One more time. Oh Jesus name so sweet. Emmanuel name so sweet. Oh Jesus name. So sweet. Emmanuel name so sweet. Oh Jesus name. name so sweet Emmanuel name so sweet oh Jesus name so sweet Emmanuel name so sweet oh I am under the rock oh and the rock is higher than I me I am under the rock oh go tell my eneies I am under the rock. Jehovah behind me. Oh, I am under the rock. Oh well, I am under the rock. The rock is higher than I. Oh no, no, I hide me. I am under the rock. Oh, don't tell my eneies. I am under the rock. Behold, I hide me. I am another. [Music] Ooh. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Glory to God. Glory. Glory. Glory. Praise his name tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Give him praise tonight. Glory to God. There is nothing like the presence of the Lord. There is nothing like the presence of the Lord. He is here in this place. He is here in this place. There is nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there is nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there is nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there is nothing like the presence of the Lord. As we seek, as we seek his face, he is here in this place. There is nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there is nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there is freedom in there is freedom in the presence of the Lord. Oh, there is freedom in the presence of the Lord. Oh, as we seek his face, he is here in this place. There is freedom in the presence of the Lord. Oh, there is freedom in the presence of the Lord. We'll give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, there is nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, as we as we seek his face, he is here in this place. There is nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there is nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you so much, brother Anthony. God bless you, church. It's certainly a great privilege to be here tonight. Uh, one more time, can we just bow our heads for a word of prayer? Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you tonight that we could gather as a body of believers, as a church, Lord, on this Friday evening, Lord. There are so many things that we could be doing, so many ways to spend our time, Lord. But father you have chosen and seen it fit that we could come together Lord in this way around your word Lord per adventure a word be spoken tonight that would touch the hearts of your people Lord just one word from you tonight makes all the difference Lord we pray for the church we pray for the body of believers we pray for those that are already here those that would join us during the course of this Bible study tonight Lord those that would listen to the recording We pray for Lord the needs of the people Lord many needs Lord for Lord physical healing Lord how the enemy has attacked Lord but we have a right as a church of the living God to push back against every sickness every disease every affliction by the power that was in you that you poured into Christ and that has been poured into the church we stand Lord on the confidence of faith Lord knowing that you are the same yesterday today and forever. So, Father, may you touch your people. May you strengthen your people. And for the moments that we spend here tonight, Lord, may you take me out of the way. And may your Lord, you speak directly to your children, to your people. Lord, may you touch lives and hearts. And may we see something in the word, Lord, that maybe we have not seen it quite that way before, Lord. That we could relook, Lord, from the word at our own lives, Lord, and make the right decisions, Lord. Because, Father, there's a choice to be made tonight. There's a choice to be made tomorrow. There's a choice to be made every single day. So help us Lord through the guidance of your word being led by the spirit to make the right choices. Father may you bless us. We commit the session into your hands in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen and amen. Well, God bless you church. It's certainly a great privilege to be here uh on this Friday evening on this 22nd day of August. Certainly a great privilege to uh have a Bible study one more time and to see um that you are at your post of duty. Um we haven't had one of these Bible studies in a while, but by the grace of God, we are here um to put our shoulders to the wheel uh to do all that we could do, redeeming the time, knowing that time is short. And for the moment that we have that we could be drawn closer to the Lord and closer to each other, we want to do as much as we can. I invite you tonight to get into the spirit of the Bible study. I encourage you to not take uh this lightly or any service for that matter lightly that you pay very close attention. I don't intend to be too long with you tonight. Um, but I do believe that if we focus and we take out of this what God wants us to hear that we could be edified and strengthened in the inner man. Uh, you know, because the race is not for the swift, but we're dealing with the ability to endure until the end. So, uh, certainly good to be back home as well. Um, I had the privilege last weekend of being in France uh, for the youth meeting over there. So I bring greetings from the believers from the various churches that were gathered there in France and from brother Jano. Uh we had a wonderful time in the Lord. So certainly um happy to bring greetings from them to the church and certainly to see that all over the world the spirit is moving. I had the opportunity to catch uh some aspects of the services that um took place here. Yes, I really want to salute um all of the services and the servants of the Lord who would have spoken from brother Gideon last Wednesday to the prayer meeting with brother oid to brother Anthony last Sunday to brother OID on Wednesday as well and to see God um loves to feed his sheep um with a a seven course menu dealing with everything from the inner man to our conduct to our behavior to our transformation. So, um, we are grateful, we are thankful, and I want to invite you, um, like I said, to get in the spirit of the study. Um, if someone is supposed to be here, send them a message. We have been Bible study tonight, and we want to make sure that we get as much of the food value as we can so we could grow tonight. So, um, by the grace of God, we're going to we're going to get right into it. So, I have a bit of a thought for this study tonight. Um it's a familiar character in scripture but I believe there are some things out of this that we could look at and uh I was sharing with someone recently you cannot exhaust scripture you cannot exhaust the Bible you know sometimes you read it and then you see something and you see something and you see something and it opens up and the reality is I think if it's one of the things we don't do enough of is really spend time in the word of God I find your life begins to really change the more your relationship with the word goes beyond a ritual and beyond a habit. Um even if it's a good habit, it has to move from a ritual or a habit into a practice and into a way of life and trying to see that every single scripture is there for a reason. God is very intentional. We have said this in many studies. God is very intentional with why every single word in scripture is there. And by the grace of God, as we look at it once, twice, three times, sometimes you look at a character and you see them in their context. But when you bring it into 2025 and what's happening now and what God wants to achieve and we thank God for a prophet that we could read the scripture in a way that the Pentecostals cannot because to us the book is completely open. As brother Brandham said, the opening of the seals made the Bible a new book. So we are reading it through the lens of the reveal word of the hour with the insight of the prophetic eagle eyes that we could see what God wants us to see tonight. So for a bit of a thought the rise and fall of King Saul the rise and fall of King Saul and it is interesting there are many people who start off good. There are very few people who actually start off bad when you really look at it. When someone comes into an experience with the Lord for every person who has backslid, walk away, end up in trouble, who has been in church, they started off good. They started off with the best of intentions, with the best of ambitions in the spiritual realm. They're trying to do God a service. They have caught a hold of something, whatever that looks like. And the challenge in more cases than not is not with the starting, it is with the finishing. And when we look at the narrative of Saul in scripture, this pattern holds true. And for the few minutes we speak tonight, I want to position this as a cautionary tale. It is a tale of warning to us. It is a story in the Bible. It is a it is a it is a place in scripture that if you don't watch closely you can make the same mistake and end up with the same problem. So let's dive into it tonight. So the setting and the time is just at the end of judges. We would recall and we have touched this in many different ways. After Joshua, Israel would have entered a period of the judges where there was a cycle of rebellion and oppression and repentance and deliverance within this period of judges. There are names in this that we have done Bible studies on and we have preached on. So you have Jeffa was in this period. Gileion was in this period. Samson was in this period and there was this cycle and we would have said in Alaskan mentioned every single judge that came the Bible told us it was worse and worse and worse and worse until Samson the final judge met the worst condition. The oppressor at the time in the days of Samson was going to be the Philistine. So we find ourselves at a point in scripture where there was a repeated statement made multiple times in the book of judges. There was no king in Israel and every man did what is in his heart. It was hinting to the fact that a king was going to come. Now brother Brandham was very clear in positioning that the king that was to come was the Lord Jesus Christ. And there's one quote that I'm going to reference because I want us to understand more and more that 99% of the issues that we think we have are distractions and smoke and mirrors. Because the battle is really not against flesh and blood, but is a spiritual battle. And if the enemy can distract us with the cares of life, the issues of life, the people around us, the work issues, the financial issues and all these other things, then the devil has won the battle because you are really a spirit being here to prove something. And if you allow the stresses and the challenges of life to distract you from that, you could find yourself not living into your full potential because you have lost sight of what is really happening here. And I'm saying that because in the realm of the heavenly and in the spiritual dimension, the lamb was slain before Adam was even born. The lamb was slain before sin even existed. So what is happening here in the natural realm is really a reflection of the celestial mind of God that's being reflected here to us. And the reason I'm making that point is we know a story because we we know the background here that when Israel approached Samuel and the elders and they say, "Hey, listen. We're looking for a king." God had to comfort Samuel and say, "Listen, Samuel, they haven't rejected you. They already rejected me." Okay. So, we're going to spend some of our reading in the book of Samuel, 1st Samuel specifically. And we're going to start in 1st Samuel 8, reading verse 4. Then all the elders of Israel, not some, all the elders of Israel gathered themselves together, and came to Samuel and Rama, and said unto him, Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walked not in thy ways. now make us a king to judge us like all the nations. And God had to comfort Samuel by the time he reached verse seven. And the Lord said unto Samuel, hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee. For they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me. Listen carefully that I should not reign over them. So God is picking up a deeper issue here. It is not just that they were comparing themselves with the other nations. God was looking at the motive of the heart behind the issue. They were outwardly expressing we want a king like the other nations to lead us into battle. And on a certain level that could sound good. But God went deeper than that. And his message to Samuel was really what they were saying. He was picking up that in the spiritual realm that I should not reign over them. So that's the first thing I want us to capture in this that in the mouth of the people they wanted a king to lead them in battle to judge over us. We're looking at the other nations. We want to be like them. And God is seeing behind all that expression and talk. There's a heart matter that's playing itself out in words. And as God is saying, they are rejecting the reign or the control that I want to exercise over them. Can God direct us? Because the issue is and when you look in scripture in the word, you realize if you were to attribute, so we could say Samson had a woman problem. We could agree with that. There was an issue there. If you were to attribute the failure of Saul, Saul had an obedience problem. The children of the day had an obedience issue. And obedience really has to do with reign and control because we want to be in charge. We want to do things our own way. And we see the first break where God get upset with Saul had to do with him breaking God's order. And we will go into this in a service we're going to have coming up soon where the Lord has opened up some things to me there. But I want us to appreciate that when God wants to reign over us. He wants to be lord of our lives. He wants to be king of our lives. He wants us to operate not by our own will but but by what he wants. So let's go on right now to build on that and just to give us some insight and this quote really helped me a lot in the message in in the exposition of the seven churches Smurian church age. Brother Brandham said God was the leader of the people. Actually he was their king. He was a father king. He took care of Israel like a man cares for his family. He fed them, fought their battles, smoothed away their difficulties, settled their problems. He just busied himself over them. They were the only nation to which he was truly God. But one day they got to looking around and they saw the Philistines and other nations had kings with them or with kings over them. It caught their eyes and they decided that they ought to humanize their leadership. So they wanted a king. Now listen carefully to the prophet's words here. Now God was going to humanize the leadership himself in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. Now this is where it gets deeper to influence. But they got ahead of him. Listen carefully. This is the prophet's word I'm reading here. So brother Brham is looking through under divine authority. And this is the beauty of us being able to do a study like this with the insight from a pro from a prophet of the age to say God was going to humanize leadership in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. But they got ahead of him. And listen to this quote. Satan knew the plan of God direct from the prophet. Satan knew the plan of God. So he put in the hands of the people to get ahead of God the word direct quote and this is in direct reference to Saul and David and the kingship. So I want to to to to this here is like a big nugget. So now we see in three things we see the outward expression of the people we are comparing ourselves with people around us. God looking deeper and saying in their heart they don't want me to reign. And then the prophet picks up even deeper than that. There's a influence that led them even into that spot which was Satan who knew the plan of God that a king was going to come and Satan tried to bring a fake a a counterfeit a interception of the plan because he knew the plan of God. And I was having some fellowship on this and I by the grace of God I'll get to preach on it. But in Ezekiel 28 just to pick it up there where the king of Ty is a type of Satan. The Bible says he once stood in the holy mountain of God walking among the stones of fire. So within that so the Bible says in the king of Ty he walked Eden. So so the devil is not a fool. He had divine access because when you look at the religious order of the day and I was sharing with young people in France, the devil was the chief musician. It should come to no surprise to us that he uses music as one of the most powerful weapons because he was the chief musician. He was telling the bassman to play this, telling the keyboard man to play this, telling that is what he was. So while he's operating in our realm, he uses the ministers of darkness in the form of the entertainers and the singers. They are ministers. This is why music is so powerful. And you will even see here with Saul because in the entire of the Old Testament, you cannot find a demon being cast out. But you see music having spiritual implications with David playing the harp. It's spiritual forces that we're dealing with here. But I want us to now see that behind words, behind intentions, behind the heart, there's an influence. Brother Brandon preacher about influence. You're either influence from above or influence from below. So, but the Brandham through the eagle eyes could tell us that entire rejection of God could look beyond the heart of man himself into the devil actually whipping up something among the people to say we need a king. Everybody with me? But God allowed their request, warns them of the cost, and says in 1st Samuel 8, "This will be the manner of the king that shall reign over you. He will take your sons and appoint them for yourself for his chariots and to be his horsemen. And some shall run before his chariots and he shall cry out in that day because of your king which he shall have chosen you. And the Lord will not hear you in that day. And bear in mind s Sam Samuel is saying this to the people and he says okay we still want it. You see, you have people who you want to know how they could still want things and you tell them this thing wrong, this thing bad, this ain't good for you. Nah, I still want it. You warn people, you tell people if you go down this road, they'll end up in trouble. And nothing you say moving them because it is in their heart. It is one thing if it in people mind, but you see when in people hearts is very difficult to shift them from what their intent is. Everybody with me tonight? So we're moving beyond that now to this brother called brother Saul and in slowing down and reading it I was blown away. So in first Samuel 9 we are first introduced to Saul. Now there was a man of Benjamin which we know is the smallest tribe. So God has a way of doing these things, right? There was a man of Benjamin whose name was Kish, the son of Adiel, the son of Zer, the son of Bacharath, the son of Afia, a Benjamite, a mighty man of power. Now in the amplified, that mighty man of power is a man of influence and wealth. And he had a son whose name was Saul, a choice young man. and a goodly. And there was not among the children of Israel a goodlier person than he. You hear the description? Talk about having the right pedigree, your good family, family of influence, family of wealth. And this description is true here. Out of all of Israel, a choice young man. Choice young man mean if you're picking somebody, first man to pick your first choice. choice young man goodly. Not anybody among the children of Israel a goodly a person. What a description there. Bearing in mind is hundreds of thousands of people in Israel at the time. From his shoulders and upward, he was higher than any of the people outwardly handsome, tall, good-looking, good of breaking up of bringing the carpine fault with him. And the Bible goes on to say that effectively there was a situation where he would have had to go and and do something for his father to to to find some of the donkeys that went missing. And all of this was part of God's plan for him to meet Samuel. I'm going to skip over that part. We're going to skip down to verse 14. And they went up into the city. This is after they were looking for the donkeys that were missing. And when they were coming into the city, behold, Samuel came out against them for to go up to the high place. Now the Lord had told Samuel in his ear a day before Saul came, saying, "Tomorrow about this time, I will send thee a man out of the land of Benjamin, and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people Israel, that he may save my people out of the hand of the Philistines, for I have looked upon my people, because their cry is come unto me." I want us to notice that in God speaking to Samuel here, this is God's desire, his heart on the matter and he is expressing. So in other words, when you read this here, God did not want Saul to fail. That's the lesson I want us to get here first. It was God's intention and we will see it later on. It was God intention that this thing work. It was God's permissive will and action. It is not that he wanted them to have a king yet. But if this is what they want and I'm going to give them a king, I want to give them the best chance of success. I want us to take that away from this verse here. And when Samuel verse 17 saw Saul, the Lord said unto him, "Behold the man whom I spake to thee of this same shall reign over my people." Then Saul drew near to Samuel in the gate because Saul don't know who it is. Tell me, I pray thee, where the seer's house is. And Samuel answered Saul and said, "I am the seer." And we could skip a few things there. I don't want to spend too much time there. What I want to amplify here is verse 21. I want you to see Saul in his in his beginning stages and are talking about starting off right. I want us to notice the humility of Saul, the approach of Saul. And we'll see more of it later on in verse 21. And Saul answered and said, "Am I am not I a Benjamite of the smallest of the tribes of Israel?" So firstly, we see in Saul not trying to push himself. Saul is not a overly ambitious person. Saul not hunting for power. So, so in terms of starting off right, he is described as goodly. He's described as choice. He is saying the right things. There's nothing that to this point you cannot point a finger at brother Saul. If people like this come into the service to church, you want everybody coming like this. Everybody with me? Small tribes of Israel and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin. Almost like how Gideon talk. Smallest tribe, smallest family. I'm the small in in the family. Saul started off just like that. Whereof then speakest thou so to me? So Saul is saying why are you coming to me? I am unworthy for you to be the man of God even having that kind of conversation. I want us to just go to the last verse of that chapter. Verse 27. And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said to Saul, "Bid the servant to pass on before us." And he passed on. But stand thou still a while that I may show thee the word of God. So we see now that Saul is being given some prophetic words direct from the prophet. He ain't hear from nobody else. The word of the Lord to prepare him for kingship. If we could all start off with that kind of thing then we would end up fine. And Saul like I said he start off good. Then verse 10, then Samuel, sorry, chapter 10, verse one. Then Samuel took a vial of oil and poured it upon his head and kissed him and said, "Is it not because the Lord had anointed thee to be captain over his inheritance?" So here is a private anointing. This is not in the public eye, but Saul is anointed. Are we all here tonight? Are we are we are we are we here? So the hunt for the donkeys Samuel tell him how to sort that out. And what we see here is God is building Saul's confidence by giving him sign after sign giving him a word a private word a private audience with the prophet. So he has he has heard from the prophet what others have not heard. He is anointed in private. Nobody else knows this is going on just yet. I want us to appreciate this, right? So, so there's something that's happening behind the curtain, so to speak, because God is preparing a man to deal with a certain thing as we progress in that same chapter down to to verse four. Uh let's go to verse five of that same chapter. After that, thou shalt come to the hill of God, where is the garrison of the Philistine, and it shall come to pass when thou art come thither to the city, that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a salt tree, and a tabret, and a pipe, and a half before them, and they shall prophesy. and the spirit of the Lord will come upon thee. So this is Samuel speaking to Saul. And thou shalt prophesy with them. Talk about God giving a man experiences to show that God is with you and shall be turned into another man. In other words, you're having a spiritual experience. And the man you were before, you're going to you're going to be a change. And let it be when these signs are come unto thee, that thou do as occasion serve thee, for God is with thee. What a confidence. What a vote of confidence that the prophet is saying, God is with thee. And thou shalt go down before me to Gilgal, and behold, I will come down unto thee to offer burnt offerings, and to sacrifice sacrifices of peace offerings. Seven days shalt thou tarry. till I come to thee and show thee what thou shalt do. Now I want us to look at this here because all this is building up to something and this is where some of us get mixed up. So everything to this point is there's soul is getting 10 out of 10 100 out of 100 point. There's nothing nobody can find fault in this. There's no other example in scripture almost where God takes a man who nobody regarded. He has to wonder why am I called? God said let me give you a word. God says let me go and anoint you. I'm going to give you a spiritual experience. You're not a prophet but let me have you prophesy. Are you with me? But within here is a saying. Thou shalt go down before me to Gilgal. And behold, I will come down unto thee to offer burnt offerings, and to sacrifice sacrifices of peace offerings. Seven days thou shalt tar till I come to thee and show thee what thou shalt do. And it was so verse 9 that when he had turned his back to go from Samuel, God gave him another heart. So not only is he having the same but God actually changed his heart. So I want us to see because some we could see Saul and we see all the mystic side of it but I want us to see that many believers God does things for you. He encourages you. He builds your faith. There's a healing in your family. Something take place and God is showing you I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm with you. But within all this, our prophet told us full obedience to the entire word of God is what entitles us to the token. And the lesson here is about obedience. Because between this, there's a mystery that is dropped in here to say, "Wait for seven days." Between the prophesying and the change of heart, God say, "Wait for me through the prophet Samuel. For seven days, I am coming to do something." Let's go on. God gave him another heart. And all those signs came to pass that day. And when, verse 10, they came thither to the hill, behold, a company of prophets met him, and the spirit of God came upon him, and he prophesied among them. And it came to pass when all that knew him before time saw that old knew the old man, the old you. And when all that knew him before time saw that, behold, he prophesied among the prophets. Then the people said to one another, "What is this that is come unto the son of Kish?" It sound familiar. Could anything good come out of Nazareth? Who who is this? We see this boy grew up. He was never a prophet. He was how is he doing these things? Is Saul also among the prophets? You see the question there? And one of the same place answered and said, "But who is their father?" Is this not Joseph's son? You see the typology in scripture, right? The same behavior. Therefore, it became a proverb. Is Saul also among the prophets? That is the word. Is Saul also among the prophet? Is Saul also among the prophet? It's become a proverb. And when he had made an end of prophesying, he came to the high place. Let's drop down to verse 17. We're building now into something. So, I want us to appreciate to this point in Saul's journey, natural, spiritual, God dealing with Samuel, God dealing with the different situations. You can't find fault with Saul's testimony. Are you with me? Verse 17. And Samuel called the people together unto the Lord to Misper, and said unto the children of Israel, thus sayeth the Lord God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingdoms, and of them that oppressed you. And ye have this day rejected." What an inauguration speech God is putting on record. We're going to anoint. We're going to place this king. But are placing on the record. How I feel about it. And you have this day rejected your God who himself save you out of all your adversities and your tribulations. And ye have said unto him, "Nay, but set a king over us." Now therefore, present yourself before the Lord by your tribes and by your thousands. And when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come near, the tribe of Benjamin was taken. So he's picking from the tribes. He pick one tribe, Benjamin. And when he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families, the family of Matri was taken. That is the family that Saul is is part of. And Saul, the son of Kish, was taken. And listen to this. And when they sought him, he could not be found. Saul went and hiding. I want us to appreciate the brother that we dealing with. There are some people who are very pushy. They want to be in the limelight. They want to be called. They want to be noticed. They want to be recognized. Thus far, not only does Saul have a testimony of being a choice, goodly, well behaved, good family, humble, meek, he also shy. He actually they calling Saul. Where is he? Where's the man? Saul. And they can't find him. Saul going and hide. He could not be found. Therefore, they inquired of the Lord further. They say when they say Lord know because they say Lord he is sure because we calling for this man and this man not showing up. Therefore they inquire of the Lord further. And the reason I'm amplifying this is to see because I have seen people who come meek and humble and nice and gentle and they become mapped and snake and gorilla and giraffe. Anybody with me? People come to you gentle and me good brother nice brother nice sister thing and by the time change come like this car be the brother who come in here so nice you used to see somebody in work the first day of work they're gentle they're meek they're quiet they're give them two years they are terrorist because time change experiences change the dynamics of who they are and this is what happened with Saul Because the Saul that end up trying to kill David. Think think think about it. We know where Saul end up. Saul end up trying to kill David try to set David up all these kind of but that's not how we start off. You have to go and find where is Saul. Is he in the bathroom? He he outside he hiding. We we trying to call Saul up to anoint in front of the people. And when we looking for Saul, Saul can't be found. Therefore, they inquired of the Lord further if the man should yet come further. And the Lord answered. The Lord had to answer. They couldn't find him. And I want you to appreciate this. They're searching for Saul. And had it not been for the Lord answering, they couldn't find him. I want us to Anybody with me tonight. They sent deacons. They sent us. They sent trustees. They sent. They're looking to find. So, and it had to be the Lord answered, "Behold, he had hid himself among the stuff." In the amplified, it says here, this is uh verse 22, in the amplified, he is there hiding himself by the provision and the supplies. Saul big, tall. It's one thing for you to be a short man and hide. It's a whole next thing for you to be the tallest man. It's like when a claron trying to hide somewhere in the church. and they couldn't find him. And the Lord had to say, "Look behind the truck. Look under the provision." And this is an interesting thing because here we have a man who not pushing for power. He not trying to be in charge. Yes. Say, "Brothers, look me here." The man who God had chosen. This was not Saul's beginning. It was a humble, meek, gentle. I don't want to be in the limelight. I don't want to be in the forefront. Start off the way you wish every person is. And they ran and fetch him then. And when he stood among the people, he was higher than any of the people from his shoulders and upward. And Samuel said to all the people, "See him whom the Lord had chosen." I want us to appreciate this was not man's choice. The people did not choose Saul. They wanted a king, but God chose Saul. I want us to catch that. And Samuel said to all the people, "See him whom the Lord hath chosen, that there is none like him among all the people." And all the people shouted and said, "God saved the king." Then Samuel told the people the manner of the kingdom and wrote it in a book and laid it up before the Lord. And Samuel sent all the people away, every man to his house. And Saul also went home to Gibia. And there went with him a band of men whose hearts God had touched. So God put men around him that he touched their hearts. So they rally around this man who is shy, who may be insecure, who was never trained, they never had a king. There was no precedent. There was no book they could rely on. Israel had never had a king. There was nobody to mentor Saul. There was no playbook he could follow. There was no way to advise him. All he had was the word of the Lord. And God had to touch the hearts of men around him so they could protect his gift. To this point, the picture is perfect. There is nothing out of order until verse 27. But the children of Bial and that is worthless. Like you we see here in Trinidad worthless. The worthless children in every tribe in every church has tr Israel it has somebody who had to find a problem with something. How shall this man save us? It always somebody in the crowd know how this man come and save us and they despised him. You see the type of Christ they know him from nowhere but they despise him. That word despise is a powerful word. They know him but they despise him and brought him no presence showing that there was a level of work because if we are appointing a king you bring a gift to the king. You come to the Lord you bring a gift to the king. So God is picking up the attitude of some of the people, but he held his peace. Everybody with me tonight? We we we doing fine. So at this point, there's no public appreciation of Saul. There is no real outside of Samuel speaking, people saying, "Okay, the Lord touched me. We supporting this king. We don't understand it, but okay, we wanted it, but we don't understand it. we support it. You have those who saying how this man want save us. So so there's a lot going on and this is why when you talk about God taking a man and and like Joshua he magnify his ministry in front of the people. So Saul needed something and this here would be what we're going into very briefly is the birth of the song of part one of the song that the sisters sing that caused the problem because they sing Saul killed thousand but David killed 10,000. Remember that song? So we go and read the first verse of that song because that there was a testimony that led to Saul being seen a certain way 1st Samuel 11. Then Nahash the Ammonite one of those itites came up and encamped against Jabesh Gilead which is a body of believers in Israel. And all the men of Jabesh said unto Nahash the Ammonite king, "Make a covenant with us because they have been encamped like they under pressure. They can't go anywhere. Make a covenant with us and we will serve thee. Let's come to an agreement." And Nahash the Ammonite type of evil spirit type of the enemy answered them on this condition when I make a covenant with you that I may trust out all your right eyes. So in other words, the only deal I'm making is to take out everybody right eye. We read in the same Bible, right? And lay it for a reproach upon all Israel. So the devil saying the only deal we making is a taking out your right eye. Is so in other words, we not making no deal. I'm destroying you, holding you, you'll be muslav, whatever that looks like. And the elders of Jabesh said unto him, give us seven days respect respite a pause that we may send messengers unto all the course of Israel. And then if there be no man to save us, we will come out of thee. Then came the messengers to Giba of Saul and told the tidings in the ears of the people. And all the people lifted up their voices and wept. And behold, Saul, the anointed of God, the chosen of God, the called of God. They don't know his ministry. They don't know his journey. They don't know his story. And behold, Saul came after the herd out of the field. And Saul said, "What ali the people that they weep." And they told him the tidings of the men of Jabesh. Our brothers in Jabesh are in trouble, brother Saul. And look at the scripture. And the spirit of God came upon Saul when he heard those tidings, and his anger was kindled greatly. And he took a yoke of oxen, and he themed them in pieces, and send them throughout all the course of Israel by the hands of messengers, saying, Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel, so shall it be done unto his oxen. And the fear of the Lord fell on the people. And they came out with one consent. This is the first time in the history of Israel since the days of Moses and Joshua that the army of Israel is about to rise up like this. And when he had numbered them in Bez of Israel were 300,000. You you hear you hear the number. You know how much soldiers we have in in Trinidad and Tobago? We have a regiment because we're not qualified to be an army. You know that we don't have an army. We have a Tobago army regiment regiment because you need a certain amount of people to be an army. We have an air guard. We have an air force because to be a force you need more than a guard. So when they So so here it is. He show the strength of Israel under King Saul. And when he numbered them in Bez, the children of Israel were 300,000 and the elite forces the men of Judah 30,000. Because you know Judah is a whole different story. So you have 300,000 in Israel and 30,000 of the tribe of Judah. Them are the fearless warriors of Judah. And they said unto the messengers that came, thus shall he say unto the men of Jabesh, tell our brothers in Jes. Hallelujah. I like that kind of thing. Saul said, "Tell them, tell them, brothers, by midday tomorrow, you'll get help. You're looking for help, help woman." And the messengers came and showed it to the men of Jabesh. And they were glad. Now, the men of Jabesh, they easy either. Therefore, the men of Jab said to the Ammonites, "Tomorrow we will come out to you, and you shall do with us all that seemth good to you." Red setup talk now because they have confidence. They say, "Tomorrow we will come. Whatever you want to do to us, you go ahead and do because they feeling good about yourself. That's some help coming. Isn't it a confidence when they know you have help coming from the Lord? Isn't that to know that somebody praying for you and they can and they can move a certain way? Them fellas change from a fearful kind of talk to they're telling the enemy tomorrow we coming out. Whatever you want to do us do us now. And it was so verse 11 on tomorrow that Saul put the people in three companies. This was Saul. They had no formal army. All of a sudden, this is inspiration. This is uncction. This is anointing. This is grace. This is God giving him what it takes to lead. Not just lead, but to firmly establish who he is as king, appointed, chosen by God. And it was so on the tomorrow that Saul put the people in three companies. And they came it in the midst of the host in the morning watch. So in the early morning, Saul moving 338,000 men early in the morning and slew the Ammonites until the heat of the day, beat them in the morning all the way to lunchtime. And it came to pass that they which remained were scattered, so that two of them were not left together. In other words, when you look at the field, no two ammonites was next to each other. Nevertheless, was in single one man over there, one man over there, one man running for your life. And the people said unto Samuel, who is he that said, "Shall Saul reign over us? Bring the men and we will put them to death." You see them worthless men in the last chapter who say what Saul go and do. When the people see how the Lord worked with Saul, they say all the people who had negative thing to say about King Saul, let me bring them here and kill them. In other words, it's saying we have seen with our own eyes the Lord move upon King Saul. Everybody with me? And I want us to see for those who were in Israel looking at this because the testimony, the talk, the narrative was there. He meets Samuel, Samuel anoint him, God placed him. There's nothing going wrong with this picture. This picture to this point is picture perfect. It is not how we start. Everybody with me tonight. Could we take some more? All right. But Clarence say we going on. If only they have any issues take it up Clarence. And the people said unto Samuel, who is he that said, "Shall Saul reign over us? Bring the men and we will put them to death." And Saul said, "There shall not a man be put to death this day." We are not here about that. For today the Lord hath wrought salvation in Israel. Hallelujah. Then said Samuel to the people, "Come and let us go to Gilgal and renew the kingdom there." Now remember Gilgal in the last chapter is where Samuel say me there in seven days and I will offer sacrifice. And there they sac they they sacrifice sacrifice of peace offering for the Lord and their soul and all the men of Israel rejoice greatly. I want to skip to to chapter 13 to connect with this mystery here. Chapter 13 to verse 5 and 13. And the Philistine gathered themselves together to fight with Israel 30,000 chariots and 6,000 horsemen and people as a sandwiches on the seashore in multitude. And they came up and pitched in mcmatch eastward from Beth Heaven. When the men of Israel saw that they were in a straight, for the people were distressed, the people did hide themselves in caves and in tickets and in rocks and in high places and in pits. And some of the Hebrews went over Jordan to the land of Gad and Gilead. As for Saul, he was yet in Gilgal. And all the people followed him trembling. And he tried seven days according to the set time that Samuel had appointed. Now I want us to notice up till this point, picture perfect, but Samuel came not to Gilgal, and the people were scattered from him. And Saul said, "Bring hither a burnt offering to me and peace offerings." And he offered the burnt offering. And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of offering, the burnt offering, behold, Samuel came, and Saul went out to meet him, that he might salute him. And Samuel said, "What hast thou done?" And Saul said, because I saw that the people were scattered from me, and that thou camest not within the days appointed, and that the Philistines gathered themselves together at Mcmatch, therefore said I, the Philistines will come down now upon me to Gilgal, and I have not made supplication unto the Lord. I forced myself therefore, you see how we positioning it here, and offered a burnt offering. Now, I want you to understand the instruction about this type of offering is not for King Saul to ever do. He's not a priest. He's not a prophet. So, a few things happening right here now. One, he not taking responsibility. Two, he say, "I forced myself to do it." Three, he say, "The people caused me to do it. Verse 13. And Samuel said to Saul, now again before I even go there, it looked right. You know, he do not sacrifice to the Lord. And this is where and this again is before the obedience is better than sacrifice situation because that was the last straw. So we're talking about levels of progression of foolishness. This is like Samson going to Timnath before he reach all the way to Delilah. It is how much grace would God give when he show you I've been with you. God is with you. That's what settles to to us all. God is with you. The anointing upon you. The spirit of prophecy came upon you. You have everything you need to trust God at his word because the issue now becomes if the word comes from the prophet. It was the prophet who told him hold on here. Don't do it. I will be there to do it myself. This here is mindboggling because it makes you really look at the situation a bit differently. Verse 13. And Samuel said to Saul, "Thou has done foolishly. Thou has not kept the commandment of the Lord thy God, which he commanded thee." Listen to what Samuel says here. For now will the Lord have established thy kingdom upon Israel forever. This is mind-blowing because Samuel is saying because of this thing now here is what God will break what would have been forever is broken with this one thing here. In other words, had Saul stayed obedient because something shifted in Saul to let him disobey, he presumed. He assume authority he didn't have. That that that's a big thing. Doing God a service without it being his will. And here it is Samuel is saying, "But now thou has thou hast not kept the commandment of the Lord thy God which he commanded thee. For now, what the Lord have established thy kingdom upon Israel forever. But brother Samuel, I make an offering unto the Lord. It was the Lord. But it's not your place to do that. That is not what you were born to do. That's not your ministry. Why are you trying to be why you do? That is not what God said. And many of us because it feels good. Because it we think it's spiritual. Because it's something that we in our heart. And this here is about impatience because Saul been saying I couldn't wait. I didn't want to wait on the Lord. I find the Lord taking too long. So I took matters in my own hand. This is what is is happening here is a few things here because it's not just impatience but by what authority do you go to offer a sacrifice when that is reserved to priest and prophet and you're not a priest or a prophet. No wonder the prophet say don't desire a ministry. Here we have a man who is anointed and called for a specific purpose and he's supposed to be batting in his crease as we say here and whether you call it pressure from the people because I don't buy pressure from the people because at the end of the day it's still a choice he made a choice and when it comes down to accepting responsibility Samuel didn't say because of the people your kingdom will no longer be established because thou has done this thing. And Samuel verse 13 said to Saul, "Thou hast done foolishly, thou hast not kept the commandment of the Lord thy God." I want to drill here a bit because many times we hear things in the word. We hear things from the pulpit and the Lord is saying, "Do this. Don't do this. Do this. Don't do this. Do this. Don't do this. Saul had a perfect track record. And here it is. God is saying, "All I want you to do is to obey." Obedience. And that's why I made reference to the prophet's own teaching to us. Full obedience to the word of God. The entire word of God is what entitles you to the token. Jesus himself had to learn obedience by the things he suffered. It was this same soul that Samuel had to rebuke later on if we get to it with obedience is better than sacrifice because here it is Saul is saying but I feel if I didn't do a sacrifice at least at least I cover myself. It was the same kind of talk because clearly this teaching didn't even stick because God was saying to him here you will still remain king. It will not be established forever. By the time he spared King Aag God say I'm done with you. You done your whole line finished. Anybody with me? Over the issue of obedience. It baffles me how the word could be clear on things and people refuse to obey and they expect God to bless them. God is God know he's not at our level. If God say forsake not the assembling. If God say drop your alts. If God say be holy present your bodies a living sacrifice. We take these things too casually. God looking at it as a suggestion. This is what I want us to appreciate here. God say you have done foolishly. Thou has not kept the commandment of the Lord thy God. Have I not given you enough signs, enough confirmation, enough everything for you to stand on the word and wait until power fall in the upper room. But I don't want to type but they say somebody feeling inspired to say no wait until power comes from. But I want to drive this home church. We cannot present God an alternative view of the word because that's what this also was. But Lord, I still give you a sacrifice to know because that is what Saul showed later on. I reserved this to sacrifice unto you. And God said, I ask you to do that. I told you to kill all your Amalachites. You can interpret that because you feeling spiritual. Are you with me? Thou has done foolishly. Thou has not kept the commandment of the Lord thy God, which he commanded thee. For now would the Lord hath established thy kingdom upon Israel forever. But now thy kingdom shall not continue. The Lord had sought him a man after his own heart. And the Lord hath commanded him to be captain over his people because thou hast not kept that which the Lord commanded thee. It makes us re look at what is the Lord saying to us? Everybody feeling fine? So that was the first break in the relationship between Saul the timid Saul hiding Saul where is Saul to Saul reaching to a presuming making assumptions making decisions assuming power he don't have like many people you give them some power they can't they start to lose sensitivity all of a sudden they start to assume assume they have more. They had to think it's their own strength. This is a lesson to us. That's why I call it the rise and fall of King Saul because his testimony was spotless. And we have seen many men rise, great ministries, great experiences, great businesses, great all kind of different things. But there comes a point where something trips or something triggers. And the sad truth is for most there's never a recovery because it becomes an affront to God and the depend because I want us to process this. What Saul is saying is I can't wait on the prophet. I have a better idea because if the prophet and me wait here he coming and I recognize well I find like he taking too long boy I suddenly going to do what the prophet supposed to do. I going to interpret to the people what the prophets was to interpret to the people. There are so we could spend the next three hours on this thing here. And the reason is important because God for that one act destroy what could have been Saul's kingdom forever. So that is Saul's the beginning of the end. And let's just jump quickly because time is almost spent to what almost solidify or what solidify the end in 1 Samuel chapter 15. We can't get to all of it. This is a wide is a case study as a cautionary tale. 1st Samuel 15. Samuel also said unto Saul, "The Lord sent me to anoint thee to be king over his people, over Israel." So at this point, what we know to be true is the eternal reign that could have been his legacy has already been affected by a previous decision. But he is still king. Are we together? He is still king. God still honoring the choice. The Lord sent me to anoint thee to be king over his people, over Israel. Now therefore, hearken thou unto the voice of the words of the Lord. And what I want us to notice here is there is no context in scripture where there isn't a space where somebody could almost turn back or turn back like like So you messed up the first time, but here was another opportunity for Saul to do the right thing. Anybody with me? Thus say the Lord of hosts. Verse two, I remember that which Amalecch did to Israel. This is the Amalachites. We're going to talk about this again. We talked about this before that Amalecch was the one when Israel left Egypt. They had no army. They were defenseless. They had no weapons. They were a broken people. They were a tired people. They spend their time in slavery. They had no military strategy. They had no generals. They had no fighting men. They had none of these things. And Amalecch attacked them at their weakest point. And God hated it in so much that he said, "I will blot out their name forever." Because God hates when you knock somebody down. Who down? Can I say that one more time? The people were broken. They were now getting free from bondage. They could not defend themselves. They couldn't protect themselves. They couldn't help themselves. They had no war machines. They had no military experience. For 400 years, they were in bondage. They were not fighting people. Amalecch was a warrior tribe. And we're going to preach about that again. Amalecch traces were way old to to to Hmon in the days of Esther, the Agagite. This is why God was so upset that King Aag was left alive because had you killed when I preached this before I said you should have killed all the Amalachites because had you killed all the Amalachites you would have never had Hmon in the days of Esther. But God said he was angry and here he said thus said the Lord of hosts. I remember in other words this thing bother God so much that centuries later it still bother him. I remember you don't have to remind God about the things that happened in your life that go vengeance belongs to God. It is not as if Israel was looking for revenge against Amalecch. You know Saul wasn't thinking about revenge. Samuel wasn't thinking about revenge. Israel wasn't thinking about revenge. They weren't thinking about vengeance. God sit down in his sovereignty and says, "You know what? I remember what Amalecch did." Hallelujah. that which Amalecch did to Israel, how he laid weight for him in the way when he came up from Egypt. And now go and smite Amalecch, and utterly destroy all that they have. Spare them not, but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass. And Saul gathered the people together and numbered them in Telm, 200,000 footmen, and 10,000 men of Judah. And Saul came to a city of Amalecch, and laid weight in the valley. And Saul said unto the Kennites, "Go depart, get you down from among the Amalcites, lest I destroy you with them, for you showed kindness to all the children of Israel when they came up out of Egypt." So the Kennites departed from among the Amalachites, and Saul smote the Amalachites from Havila until thou comest to Shure, that is over against Egypt. And he took Ag, the king of the Amalachites alive, and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the sword. But Saul and the people spared Ag and the best of the sheep and of the oxen and of the fatlings and the lambs and all that was good and would not utterly destroy them. But everything that was vile and refuse that they destroyed utterly. So the things they didn't want is what they get rid of but everything that was nice they keep it. What the issue here again is the lesson here is about full. So when you talk about Saul the issues full obedience you know because what we see is partial obedience. People want to serve God with a percentage of serving. That is the lesson here tonight. People want to serve God to a degree to a point having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof. They want to serve God the way they want to do it not the way God says to do it. Then came the word of the Lord unto Samuel saying, this is verse 10 into verse 11. It repented me that I have set up Saul to be king. It was after this God say n boy, this thing going too far. The last time he said the kingdom was going to be eternal. No, it was going to be a long reign. But here you say I really picked the wrong man. It gone beyond cutting off the kingdom to saying this year was a bad decision. Could you imagine? It repented me that I have set up Saul to be king for he is turned back from following me. How does a man who was shy, hiding behind the fruits, hiding behind the caravan, nobody know me, smallest man in the tribe, humble brother, nice brother, no problem, no trouble, reached the point where God could say, listen, he has turned back from following me. He doing his own thing. I thought I picked somebody who could follow my instruction, follow my guidance, follow my leading. And here it is. The Saul that I call is not the Saul who king who is king now. The nice brother, the nice husband, the nice wife, the nice son who was in church and has been in church. All of a sudden, they're not the same person. Anybody with me? Something has changed in him. Turned back on following me and had not performed my commandments plural. And it grieved Samuel and he cried unto the Lord all night. You hear that? All night Samuel cried. Some of us have issues we supposed to be crying about and we crying. Lord help us. And when Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning because bear in mind God talking to Samuel and Samuel realize he don't know fully what God talking about and want us to appreciate this God say this man are listening to me but he get the insight yet when Samuel rose early to meet Saul in the morning it was told Samuel saying Saul came to Camel and behold he set him up a place and is gone about and passed on and gone down to Gilgal and Samuel came to Saul and Saul said unto him, "Blessed be thou of the Lord." Nice words there. Nice greeting and thing. God bless you. Good to see you. I have performed the commandment of the Lord. And Samuel said, "What meaning then this bleeding of the sheep in my ear, and the loing of the oxen which I hear?" And Saul said, "They have brought them from the Amalachites. For the people spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God, and the rest we have utterly destroyed here because here what we is already a religious spirit in is a religious spirit because they're saying and it sound good if you not spiritual and you not on the word you say but I hear but brother Saul say we're going to sacrifice to to the lord you're in the army I say but but what but I I don't see what wrong I don't see why Samuel vex because it's sacrifice. We go and sacrifice. Aren't we supposed to sacrifice unto the Lord? Because this here is a form of worship. Then Samuel said unto Saul, "Stay, and I will tell thee what the Lord has said to me this night." And he said, And he said unto him, "Say on." And Samuel said, "When thou was little in thine own sight," you see it here again. You see what? Pick up the shyness and all that stuff. When thou was little in thine own sight, was thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel? In other words, you have seen yourself as nobody. In other words, you raise yourself, you put yourself there. You are promote yourself. You didn't volunteer. You didn't choose. You didn't apply. You was just living your life. You were small in your own eyes. Was not thou made the head of the tribes of Israel? And the Lord anointed the king over Israel. And this is friends. I want us to preach something. And I said this to the young people in France. I believe all the achievement you make, it's not you make the achievement. You you are the one not the one who study. Well, I study hard and I work hard for you. Work hard for what you have. If the Lord give you brain and strength to get up in the morning people can't get up who I get up this morning yet. It have people that make it up the bed. I work hard. Well, I haven't. You ain't know how hard I work. What hard you work if it's not the Lord wake up and give you the strength the presence the mind ability you ought to be so grateful what end up happening so end up getting beyond himself you know because for you to start to do what you want it means you start to forget how you reach where you reach you start to forget is the grace of God is the mercy of God is the provision of God is the providence of God I'm I'm I'm about to close out we can't finish I I barely scratch the surface of the elements I want to get into but I believe the point getting home here to us because we touch on the rise this journey of a man who came from nothing and God blessed him and blessed him and blessed him and blessed him and God didn't judge judge judge God didn't break down break down break down God didn't punish punish punish he made choices to do his own thing and this is the issue with us we by our very nature want to do anything and you being anointed or being in having a gift yet again with the gift of prophecy doesn't change the fact that people end up choosing to do their own thing and God hates it because none of the things he got the anointing the gift of prophecy all the was is nothing that he earned himself verse 17 we closing out when thou was little in thine own sight was thou not made the head of the tribes of Israel and the Lord anointed thee king over Israel and the Lord sent thee on a journey and said, "Go and utterly destroy the sinners, the Amalachites, and fight against them until they be consumed." Wherefore then, listen to this, "Didest thou not obey the voice of the Lord? But did fly upon the spoil, and didest evil in the sight of the Lord?" And Saul said unto Samuel, "Yeah, I have obeyed the voice of the Lord, and I have gone the way which the Lord sent me, and have brought A, the king of the Amalachites, and have utterly destroyed the Amalachites." But, and here again is the lack of responsibility, but is the people. We see ministers seeing us as the people who do it, but the people took up the spoil. But you are king. You have to accept resp. God not holding the people here responsible. No, God saying you are king. The instruction was to you. But the people took of the spoil sheep and oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God in Gilgal. And Samuel said, Had the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrificing as in obeying the voice of the Lord? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft. That's a powerful statement. So God actually saw Saul's action as rebellion and equate that rebellion. So for him, disobedience equals rebellion, rebellion equals witchcraft, disobedience equals witchcraft. It's a a equal bal c equation you write here. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he hath also rejected thee from being king. We will stop there tonight and we may have to do a part two if the Lord allows us because I have another one I want to do on another character to highlight things because I do find that when you take it from a character perspective, it's easier to remember some of these things. Brother Brandham say he could preach your blew to the face. I ponder sometimes when people hear the word of God saying do this, do this, do this, worship, sing, pray, come to service, cut off the world, dress right, live holy. These are things that are doable. They're not impossible. present your bodies a living sacrifice. He calls it a reasonable service and we become so casual we don't even realize when we end up into rebellion, witchcraft and idolatry. I trust tonight as we close this session we ponder very carefully the word of the Lord concerning us because none of us call ourselves, none of us chose ourselves. All of us in some way or the other would be like Saul hiding because we didn't choose this. This chose us. We were predestinated for this thing. In fact, Jesus said, "You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you." And the choice he has made towards us also came with provision based on the choice to endure for the journey. So in other words, you have what it takes to be a Christian. God did not lack in equipping you with what it takes to be a Christian. The problem with Saul was his choices, not the gift, not the anointing, not the spirit, not the vindication, not the present, not even the word. Even though Samuel the prophet shared things with him spiritually, the third pole as it were to give him insight into the prophetic realm and that was not enough to prevent him from making bad choices. It doesn't care how long you're in church, what position you hold. The issue and the lesson here is making bad decisions because at no time did God set Saul up for failure. And in both scenarios, Saul had somebody to blame. It was the people. It was the people. It was the pressure. It was the enemy. It was the enemy. And God is saying, but you had a choice. And in both situations, the action that was done was crafted in a way to make it spiritual. So in the first instance, he offered a sacrifice he should not have offered. And in the second situation, he say, well, I keep these things. I didn't obey because I wanted to make it spiritual and offer sacrifice to God. Many of us hide our foolishness behind spiritual descriptions. I'm doing this because I feel the Lord leading me this way. The Lord is leading you that way at all. Because the Lord leading you to follow the word. Hallelujah. The Lord is leading you to be obedient to the word against your feeling against your fear. I get it. I'm closing. I get it. Saul was afraid in the first situation. The people were trembling. The Bible said the Philistines were pressing them. They were under pressure. But true leadership is what shows up under pressure. Not because you have pressure or you have nerves or something going wrong. Do you break the word because the word is more than powerful enough to defeat any situation. There will be situation that will bring fear. That's why the word say fear not. There'll be situation where the prophet said he say I see you have a nervous condition. None of that is an excuse to go against the word. I hope this resonates in our hearts that we can get more aggressive in closing the gap about taking what the prophet said because this is the prophet Samuel we have the prophet in the form of books and tapes our prophet we can have personal conversation with the prophet you can put on the tape you can listen to the books you could read the books you and it's there for us to be able to look into the word because the whole objective of this prophecy to get us to leave here and for us to be part of the eternal kingdom. I trust this is a blessing to us tonight from young to old from seasoned to someone who has just come into the faith that we place more priority not just on the word but the obedience to the word and taking it under that umbrella of full obedience to the entire word of God will entitle you and I to the token. May the Lord richly bless you tonight. Before we close in prayer, I encourage you to make every effort to be in service this Sunday. Too many of us have excuses. Think the Sunday before I flew out to France, I said if you have a good excuse to miss Wednesday, still come. I want to encourage you. The Bible says as the day approaching, we should meet more often. Forsake not the assembling. Even as the day approaching, it's supposed to become more serious to us. That's part of the word to obey. Some of us take that casually. Church is a is a is a thing to do when I when I could make space for it. Whereas everything else should be subject to what God but but say put God first. Some of us can't see our way because we don't want to put God first in every aspect of your life. And you're you're fighting up. You're fighting why God and God is saying do my thing first. and watch the blessing unfold in your finances, in your life, in your marriage. Put God first. Acknowledge him first. Give him preeminence and watch the blessing of the Lord so much that you can't even receive it. So, I want to encourage you to make a extra effort and invite somebody. There are people who are not here in Bible study who supposed to be here tonight. We have to challenge one another. We have to push one another. We have to ensure that we do all we could do. But Abraham cried out, "I haven't done enough." It's got me scared. So I encourage you and also to remind you the last Sunday of this month, which is our Independence Day special service. And on that service, we will have an opportunity to pray for all of the children going back out to school. And this is not something I take lightly at all. The forces of hell are targeted. Brother said the lid of hell is uncovered. Demons have been loosed and these demons are hellbent not just on the world but on those who are swimming like the rainbow trout against the current. So we want to pray for our young children. We want to pray for our school teachers that are going out to school and to also use that service as a line in the sand, a demarcation into a new season, the new school year, the new period. A lot of stuff is transitioning on a economic level. We're going into September month budget period. All kind of stuff happening. We see warships coming down into the seas near to us. Time is short. Is there no games? If in a day or two Venezuela decide to send some rockets against the ship, what you going on a small island? I don't say we have no army already. Anybody volunteer to go and fight? Our 5,000 men, we say we we we we are peacekeeping force. Our men don't want to fight nothing. Peacekeeping force. Wars, rumors of wars. Well, it's no longer a rumor. Warships. Why are there warships in the Caribbean Sea? There will come a time because for us in the West who have not seen these things and bombs falling in Gaza and Israel, we treat things casually as if this thing would never come to us. is always something on the news only news. You read the papers but but but we are reaching a point where the islands will break. The world is heading into judgment. It's not a game I shared in France. Noah would have had friends. Noah went to school. The signs they had in that day we haven't touched that day. When Noah preached for 120 years, they didn't believe him. But God shut the door and when the rain fall because preaching for seven days to the eternal loss the ark was there people didn't take it but when the first drop of water dropped and they say wait now like Noah is right there would have been people say let me in Noah let me in and Noah had no influence no power he didn't close the door he couldn't open the door there's such a time when it is too late and I want to challenge the church the things we take for granted we take for easy. It is very evident that Saul end up taking the gifting, the anointing, the kingship, the throne for granted to reach a point where he even considered doing what he wanted to do in the way he wanted to do because something has to bring us to a point to assume authority we do not have. And that is why Jesus had to learn obedience by the things that he suffered. And we are doing our children a disservice by enabling them into foolishness when we should be preparing them for disappointment, for failure, for pain, for hurt, for suffering. Because the scripture said the suffering of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory. And we don't want to discipline. We don't want to teach. We don't want to tell them the truth because only the truth will set you free. We're not talking about being abusive or being hard. But there's a level of clarity that must come to us because the devil is moving about like a roaring lion seeking whom he will devour. He want to destroy your marriage, your home, your life, your mental state, mental health. All these things that are talked about in a psychological physiological realm is a spiritual world in which we deal with. If you are out of your mind, how you could even reconcile coming back to God. Bel, why are we so tossed about? Why is it so hard to live the Christian life? These are actual messages. You want to know why it hard to live the Christian life? Go listen to that tape. because you're dealing with a war, spiritual wickedness in high places, not targeting the entire world, but the end time bride. So, let's take it more seriously. Not let let it be a casual, well, who want it, want it. It's more than that. It's not who want it, want it. The promise is unto you and to your children. It's your inheritage. It is your inheritance. It's your heritage. You have a responsibility to fight for this thing, to make a church, to make a revival, to re-establish the altar in your home. So I want to encourage you make an effort that 31st Sunday is a public holiday effectively. It's depend independence day the day after is the holiday. So you really have to have a written excuse to miss that service cuz a public holiday line and then the government want to cancel the parade. So if he was looking for the parade but that gone to just make sure you can't miss it and then put a day of prayer on top of it to let you know that wherever we do it is a spiritual day. So I want to encourage you make every effort and on that day as you know we have a special thanksgiving service as well where the pastor has graciously put things in place to have a meal with the church so we can have fellowship and thanksgiving and we are looking for God to do something among the church among the believers among families among homes. God is looking to do something for you friends tonight. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Oh gracious heavenly father we thank you for your love for your grace for your mercy for your word tonight. Lord, we pray that it found a good resting place in good ground tonight. We all have challenges, trials, situations, issues that come up, Lord, but there's provision in the word to deal with every one of these, Father. Lord, we see the life and times of men and women through scripture, Lord. Some started off good, ended up bad. Some started off bad, end up good. Lord Paul could say, "I've run the race, finished the course, kept the feet." That's what we want our testimony to say, that we have run our race. We have kept the fate. We have finished the course. We have done what you put us here to do. We don't want to start off good and end up bad. We don't want to start off strong and end up weak. We want to stay steady. He said the race is who endure to the end. Endurance is staying power. It's not a sprint we running. It's a marathon. Steady, steady, day after day. Read Bible, pray, meditate, shun the very appearance of evil. We want to be in the spirit. We want to be testifying every day. We thanking you, acknowledging you, reading the word, adding the virtues, walking through the trials. There are some trials you take us out of. There's others you want to us to go through to build our character. because there's more ahead. And more importantly, Father, help us to make the right choices. Through Joshua, you told the people, "Choose you this day whom you will serve." It's always been about choices. Help your people to make the right choices with how they live, how they move, how they act. Lord, bless your people, Lord. Bless Lord our pastor in a special way. his wife, the the office of the assistant pastor and his wife and Lord all the ministers and the elders and the deacons and the trustees and the ushers, the musicians, the Sunday school, the the hospitality team and parking and the technicians and Lord, every help and government, Father, every part of what makes this this machine of this church operate seamlessly, every believer, those that are physically here in Trinidad, Lord, those that are overseas, that are part of the covering of this fellowship, that are counted as part of the headstone tabernacle. Lord, may you bless the church, Father. Your promise to make a church that would make a revival. You promise to have a church where sin can stay in your promise to have a church without spot, without wrinkle. Father, and Lord, not just our church, Father, this local body of believers, but Lord, the bride body, this mystical body of which there are believers, Lord, throughout this island, throughout the region, and around the world, Father, that under the the word of by one spirit, we are baptized into the body. We are connected. might be different administration of your spirit but we are connected Lord knowing that the feet need the hand and the hand need the eyes and the eyes need the ears but under the head of the Holy Spirit Lord we'll make it so Father may you strengthen each one may you bless the fathers the mothers the children the grandparents Lord bless those that are strong and strengthen them bless the weak ones and restore their strength and their faith and their confidence in you father may you raise up gifts in the church may you raise up a revival in the church father may you bless your people and be with us now may you bless the service coming Sunday. May you bless Lord what will take place. Lord, may you anoint the preacher, Father. May the word go forth in power and demonstration. May it be a service we have never had before. Lord, may you be with the people in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Have a wonderful night. May God bless you richly. Thank you for being a wonderful audience. Love you. God bless you. Good night.
